################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-01-05 - 25-0105M Tangible Expressions of One's Faith || Bro Busobozi Talemwa || Morning Service - Busobozi Talemwa - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-01-05
Title:   25-0105M Tangible Expressions of One's Faith || Bro Busobozi Talemwa || Morning Service
Speaker: Busobozi Talemwa
Church:  Days of the Voice Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOcYYno-7n4
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. God bless you. Let's get on our feet. We worship the Lord. Oh, sweet [Music] taste. Oh, Jesus play. [Music] Jesus the great vision now is near the sea by day. Jesus he speaks the ding to you. Oh, hear thy voice of Jesus and sweet as love. [Music] One more time. Sweet days come roll away son Jesus. Blessed Jesus. Your many sins are all forgiven. Oh, hear the voice of Jesus. Go on your way in peace to heaven and wear a crown with Jesus. The sweetest night inside our soul. Sweetest name. One more time. Sweetest car away. [Music] Jesus, blessed Jesus. Oh, glory to the dying lamb. I now believe in Jesus. I love the blessed savior's name. I love the name of [Music] Jesus know our soul. Sweet as name. [Music] Oh, and sweetest car away from Jesus. Blessed Jes. His name despair. His name despair. My gift of fear no thy name by Jesus. Oh how my soul belies through you the charing name of Jes. Oh, sweetest love song. Sweetest day. Oh, to sweetest car. [Music] Jesus blessing Jes. Oh, sweetest name s of soul. Sweetest name and sweetest ro. [Music] Jesus bless Jes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Shall we pray? Precious loving heaven father in the name of the Lord Jesus we want to thank you for this wonderful morning that even this morning Lord we have come to hear father from our theopanis Lord Jesus we thank you for your loving kindness when it was revealed to David say that Lord thy loving kindness is better than life to me Lord Father as we approaching thy throne of grace this Morning. We ask you Lord Jesus to have mercy on us Lord. And we are coming through the door of the blood of Jesus Christ. The precious blood that speaks good words than that of Abbe Lord Jesus. Because remember in the father in the word Lord the blood of Abel called for a revenge but the blood of Jesus says Lord father forgive them Lord. And this morning under the shed blood of the lamb Lord we ask you to forgive all our sins and our trespasses release that precious blood this morning and may you p each and every worshipper Lord. May you cleanse every soul Lord Jesus Christ. Father we thank you because you promise in your word that wherever two or three gathers in your name you will come and be in their mis Lord. We are gathering in thy name this morning and we are taking charge of every evil spirit in the name of Jesus Christ. Every demons of wickedness, every powers of unbelief, every forms of godliness in the name of Jesus, Satan, we cast out this place. Blessed Jesus, arise this morning. I pray for those who afflicted. Lord, may you stretch forth your healing hand this morning and set them free. Father, Lord, through this worship we pray that may the glory of God move in the congregation. May the angel of the Lord sweep over us this morning. Lord, let every chain break Lord, every fetus be loose in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Precious Lord Jesus, that is the cry of our heart. We remember those who are streaming with us this morning and those who stream the service afterward. Lord, may each one of us receive our portion this morning. Lord, may your presence be so tangible that each one of us will be able Lord Jesus to get in touch with it. Lord Jesus, I know the song leading, the musician and the entire congregation. Father, we bless you in your name. We pray for offering and tithe. Father tithe which we are train we bring in your praises that you bless each and every giver according to your word. Heaven father you told us to come Lord and try and see if not open them windows and doors of heaven and pour your blessings upon us Lord. Father we thank you. We bless you in the most precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. And the saints say amen. Amen. Yeah. God bless you. Good morning. I welcome you once again. I just have one or two things uh to say uh kindly uh let us keep order and as I always say that hope don't put your phones in the vibration just put it off. Yeah. I've ever been in in court. Nobody leaves his phone even the vibration when in the court. Blessed be the name of the Lord. And also when you're seeing your brother is overwhelmed or your sister maybe is being disturbed by too low kindly. The Bible says we should be our brother's keepers. Mothers, kindly also help us with your with our children. May God bless you. I wish you a wonderful service. Yes. Thank you, brother Max. God bless you. Amen. Uh, God bless you once again. Are you happy to be in the house of the Lord? Amen. Has the Lord been good to you? Amen. Turn around and greet your neighbor, your brothers. Say, God bless you and happy to see you this morning. Amen. Praise God. Going to sing this song. Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. I believe that God has done great in our lives. Hallelujah. Amen. Oh Jesus, I'll never forget what you've done for me. And Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Oh yes, Jesus, I'll never forget how you broke me. I'll never Oh no. Oh Jesus. Jesus, I'll never forget what you done for me. Oh yes, Jesus, I'll never forget. Set me free. Oh yes, Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought me. I remember singing. He brought me out. Yeah. My reclaim. Yes. He set my feet on the rock to say, "Oh my." He sent in my soul to a song of praise. Oh. Oh Jesus. [Music] what you've done on this morning. Oh, set me free. Oh, Jesus. Oh, how? Yes, I'll never never Oh, s again Jesus. know what you do. Oh Jesus, Jesus I'll never forget free. Oh my Jesus I'll never forget. Oh Jesus is I'll never forget your name. Once again Jesus I'll never forget what you've done for me. Oh Jesus I'll never forget. Set me free. Oh Jesus. Oh how you brought me out. Jesus, I'll never forget no name. Once more time. Jesus, I'll never forget. Never forget what you've done. Oh Jesus. Jesus, I'll never forget. Set me free. Oh my Jesus, I'll never forget from me. Oh Jesus, I'll never forive. on. Hallelujah. Praise God. Praise God. Shout hallelujah. Amen. Praise God. You know, there is something uh there is something about coming in the house of the Lord. Praise God. Amen. That's why uh David said, "I was glad when I went to the house of God." Amen. So, we don't want to just uh read about it or to let it just stop on our lips, but we also want always to see it whenever we come whenever we gather here. Praise God. Is that amen? Amen. So I mean when we are dancing to be free. Praise the Lord. Amen. Don't let the devil hinder you from dancing for because so and so is looking at you. Praise the Lord. Amen. We've got a reason this morning to dance for the Lord. Sing for him to be happy in the house of God. Yes, Lord. Uh we are going to sing this song. Uh the Lord is by my side. Praise God. Is there anyone who knows that song? The Lord is by my side. Amen. You'll you'll get it. You'll learn it as we sing. Praise the Lord. Oh, the Lord give me the key. Lord is by my side. Forever by my side. My hope, my strength, his peace is mine. The Lord is by my side. The Lord is by my side. Forever by my side. Oh, his hope, his strength, his peace is mine. The Lord is by The Lord is by your side this morning. I know my shepherd gives me peace. The Lord is by my side. For every day he walks with me. The Lord is by my Lord. The Lord is by my side. Forever by my side. Oh his hope, his strength, his peace is mine. The Lord is by my side. I know my shepherd gives me strength. The Lord is by my side. Oh, he is great. Oh, the Lord is by my. Oh yes, the Lord is by my side. Forever by my side. His strength is mine. The Lord is by my side. The Lord is by my side. Forever by my side. Oh, he's Oh, he's mine. The Lord is by my side. Oh, I know my shepherd gives me home. The Lord is by my side. For he will lead me safely home. The Lord is by my side. Oh, the Lord is by my side. Forever by my side. His way, his peace is Oh, the Lord is by my side. Say it again. The Lord is by my side forever by my side. His hope, his strength, peace is mine. The Lord is one more time. Let us sing it. Oh, the Lord is by my side. Forever by my side. His hope, his strength, his peace is mine. The Lord is by my side. Who has the final say? Jehovah has a final say. Oh, who has the final say? Jehovah has a final say. I say, who has the final say? Jehovah has a final say. Oh, who has the final say? Jehovah, my brother. Who has the final say? Jehovah has the final say. Oh my soul, final say. Oh my. No matter what the doctor say, Jehovah. Oh, no matter what the priest say, Jehovah. [Music] Oh, no matter what the devil say, [Applause] Jehovah. Oh, yes. Who has the final say? Jehovah has a final. Oh, who has the final say? Jehovah has the finals. Oh yes. Who has the final say? Jehovah has a final. Oh yes. Who has the final say? Jehovah. [Music] [Applause] something today in the house of the Lord. There is something today in the house of Oh, there is something today in the house of the Lord. Hallelujah. Today in the house of Oh, there is something today in the house of the Lord. There is something today in the house of Oh, there is something today in the house of the Lord. Hallelujah. Today in the house of there is jumping today in the house of me. Oh, there is jumping today in the house of Oh, there is jumping today in the house of the Lord. Hallelujah. Today in the house of Oh, there is jumping today in the house of the Lord. There is jumping today. In the house of the Lord. Oh, there is jumping today in the house of the Lord. Hallelujah. Today in the house of the Lord. Oh, there is dancing today in the house of the Lord. There is dancing today in the house of the Lord. There is dancing today in the house of the Lord. Hallelujah. Today in the house of the Lord. Oh, there is singing today in the house of the Lord. There is singing today in the house of the Lord. Oh, there is singing today in the house of the Lord. Hallelujah. Today in the house of the Lord. There is clapping today in the house of the Lord. There is nothing. Don't feel sorry for your hands. Just clap them. You're clapping for the Lord. In the house of the Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, there is something today in the house of the Lord. There is something today in the house of the Lord. There is something today in the house of the Lord. Hallelujah. Today in the house of the Lord. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Ma wa ma ma. Yes. Oh. [Music] Ma ma [Music] ma m. [Music] Oh, ma ma ma ma wa ma ma [Music] ma m. Oh [Music] m. Yes. [Applause] Ma, yes you. Come on, give me a [Music] Money. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Sing it again. [Music] M. Oh, oh, ma. Ma, ma, ma, ma, ma. Yes, [Music] ma. Hallelujah. Come on, give a shout to the Lord. Give a big big hand clap of praise. Amen. Give a big hand clap of praise. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. You may have your seat. [Music] Praise God. There are several special songs here. Special requests. The shalom will sing [Music] first. Praise God. The Sunday school will sing first, then the shalom will will follow. Then the choir will sing will also follow. Then sister Becky will sing last. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Let's give them a clap as they come. [Applause] Goodness. God made me. God made me. In my Bible book, it says that God made me. God made me. God made me. In my Bible book, it says that God made me. God me. God guides me. In my Bible book, it says God guides me. God loves me. In my Bible book, it says that God loves me. God is in my book. He says that God is me. God helps me. God helps me. In my Bible, he says that God helps me. God made me [Music] go in my book that God made you. God made you. In my Bible book, it [Music] says he [Applause] judges. God bless you. I'm going to bless you with one [Applause] [Music] special Jesus. I'm your soul now and see there is perfect love and comfort in your tears in his wonderous peace. Oh, the goodness, the goodness of Jesus satisfy him is all that I need. May it become what that I rest all my days in the Jesus. Come and find what this world cannot offer. Come and find your joy he complete. Test the living water. Never thirst again. Let's hear you in his wound. All the goodness, the goodness of Jesus satisfy. He is all that I need. May it become what that I rest on my days in the goodness of Jesus. Come and find your hope now in Jesus. He is all he said he will be. Graces over our flow from the Savior's heart, restoring his wonderous peace. All the goodness, the goodness of faith. Jesus satisfy is all that I need. May it become what me that I rest all my days in the fullness of [Music] Jesus. May it become what that I rest on my day in the goodness of Jesus. [Music] Thank you for that song. Amen. Isn't it wonderful? Amen. So the choir can come. [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. We'll sing this common song. I know the master of the wind. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. God bless you as you listen. [Music] My boat of life says on tra. But there's a wind in my sight. that I have a friend who watches over me when the wind turns into a gate. [Music] I know the master of the wind. [Music] I know the maker of all the [Music] rain. He can come the storm and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the we. I know. I know. I know the we Oh yes, I know the rain can come. Hallelujah. To shine again. Oh, must I roll away? Sometimes a sore like an eagle to the sky among the peaks my soul can be [Music] found. An unexpected storm may drive me from the heights. It may bring me low, but you'll never bring me down. Oh, I know. I [Music] know. And Jesus is his name. the rain. He can come the storm. He can come. Hallelujah. And make the sun shine again. Oh, I know. [Music] I know. I know. I know. are the wind. Jesus is his name. The rain hallelujah can come from the storm and make the sun to shine again. Oh my god. He can calm the storm. Oh, and make the sun to shine again. Oh, I [Music] know. Oh, he can calm your storm, my brother. He can come. Hallelujah. Make the sun to shine again. [Music] Jesus will come your storm. Hallelujah. To shine again. I know. I know. The wind. Amen. God bless [Applause] you. Amen. God bless you, children of God. I'm so grateful to the Lord this morning. I thank God for the good for the great things he has done great and mighty. So I'm going to glorify God in this simple choruses. It will be my testimonies to the Lord. God bless you as you listen. [Music] No. No. No. [Music] [Music] One day [Music] One day Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. One day one [Music] day every day and every [Music] hour you are faithful. Oh Lord, every day every day and every hour. Oh, you are faithful. You are faithful. Oh, every day, every day, every hour, every hour. Oh, you are faithful. You are faithful, faithful. Oh [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] m [Music] sing my world. [Music] [Applause] Oh my Yes. Holy [Music] joy. Oh, holy. Yes. Oh, holy joy. [Music] We stay. [Music] Yes. Oh, every day. Every day, [Music] every hour, you are faithful. Oh, once more time. Every day and every hour. every day and every hour. Oh, you are faithful. Oh, God bless [Music] [Applause] [Music] you. Amen. I request uh brother Melon to come [Music] he had his testimony. [Music] God bless you church. Would like to testify to the grace of God. This testimony would have come last last year but I think because of time I would like my wife to come because it took God and her standing with me. The reason we would like to testify this as you'll see if it was not the grace of God would not have happened we are expecting much much more but would like to thank God for what [Music] he uh it was February as you all know and God opened a business opportunity It's not that we saved a lot of money or we planned about it. Just think of an investment which would need something like 15 million but then you just get it simply like that. Someone gives it to you. Secondly, uh we got a land opportunity shortly as the was coming to an end. It would have been so difficult. I didn't see it when the was beginning. But somehow God made it very fast. And all I can say we thank God for that. Then also then also uh in our cell fellowship meeting by the grace of God, God has given us two souls. It is a great testimony if you know the value of one soul. Come again. It's it's a big testimony if you know what the value of a soul means. Imagine someone born Muslim and then he's believing the Lord Jesus. And then lastly uh shortly towards the end of the year as you all know we we we we got a a miscarriage. which is but for me God strengthened me and it confirmed it confirmed two years ago we testified of our daughter. Maybe people would not understand and God preserved her life because of this bloody stuff which don't match. So when that happened, it confirmed the great testimony which God some two years back and we are going to trust God again. And the child shall come again. God bless you so much. Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord a mightand clap of praise. So this is another testimony says God bless you church. I want to thank God who protected us as we traveled to and from Nakuru international convention. We bring we bring you greetings from the brethrens there. We saw the hand of of God in those meetings. Sister Mary Omata and Sister Groot. God bless you. Amen. Brother Dan, you can come and brother Dan has something small that he wants to pass on. God bless you, church. Yeah. I wanted to read the Sunday school report. Yeah, we had 12 children and uh we learned about the Lord's prayer in the book of Matthew 6 verse 9-13. We learned how Jesus taught his disciples how to pray. And so we learned we have to pray in such a manner. And uh the offeratory was uh 5,700. Uh the teacher was me. But the little information I wanted to pass to our parents and the little children uh in the book of Proverbs it says when you don't have a vision when a man does not have a vision he perishes and it also says again in the book of uh Proverbs that if you when you raise a child in the right way. They will not depart from it when they grow. So I encourage all our parents to make it a point. Yeah, we are planning also to maybe to adjust the time to favor all the parents and the [Music] children. We also encourage the parents. You can also attend [Music] We're also planning for a senior Sunday school for our youth like uh maybe like 13 years and above or 12 because we are we children or when we are children we are like a little tree. If you don't make it the way you want it to be, it will grow inhal and when you try to correct it the way you want, you'll end up breaking it. So as we are still young we need to be grow we need to grow up in the right way so that so that when they correct us we cannot that we cannot run away from the word of God. God bless you. God bless you so much brother Dan. Amen. So we'll give our offerings. Amen. Oh, see what the Lord has done. Oh, see what the Lord has done. What a great home has come to pass. See what the Lord has done. See what the Lord has done. See what the Lord has done. Oh, see what the Lord has done. what he waited for has come to pass. And see what the Lord has done. See what the Lord has done. See what the Lord has done. Oh, see what the Lord has done. [Music] What we waited for has come to pass. See what the Lord has done. See why. See, see what the Lord. [Music] Oh, see why [Music] the Oh, see what the Lord has done. Hallelujah. Yeah, we have visitors. Praise the Lord. away. Amen. This is brother Dennis at from Paradox Church. Amen. You'll just lift up your hands. Oh, God bless you so much. God bless you, brother Dennis. Uh this is Ako Immaculate from Chimbe. Yeah. God bless you. You're all most welcome, our visitors. We welcome you all in Jesus name and we are happy to have you to be with you this morning. There's also this uh this the prayer request says God bless you saints. I will be going to some duty for two weeks after the service. I request for your prayers to my family and myself too. God bless you sister Stella. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Brother Joel can come. Oh see what the Lord has done. See what the Lord has done. What we waited for has come to pass. See what the Lord has done. [Music] God bless you. [Music] Hallelujah. Are you happy? Amen. We thank God. Uh this is our first Sunday in in the year. Amen. Uh it is week 48 and I'm giving you the the report from our church land contributions. Amen. Amen. This is how we have contributed. Uh contributed 42,000 God bless them so much. Iranians contributed 45,000. May God bless you so much. Amen. Is followed by John Whisley with 60,000. Uh then he's followed by Martin with 90,000. Amen. Is followed by William Branham [Music] 125,000. God bless you so much. And then he's followed by uh Martin Luther 295,000. [Applause] My God bless you so much. Uh then uh Paul this week has taken over with 430,000. Amen. You have started a year in strength. Amen. And then we have from the offering bag we have 2,000. Amen. This gives us a total of 1 million and 89,000. Amen. Uh my Oh, I'm alive to tell the story why overcomeess and mercy and the power of the blood. I'm so glad that my freedom wasn't bas So what I've done [Music] [Music] Sealang [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh, take O Montana. Oh, I'm glad you see through eyes of love. A hopeless case, an empty [Music] place. If not for grace, just lift up your hands and just watch pain. Could I be your own and an empty gra if not amazing grace amazing grace as sweet as sound I was but And now I'm found a hopeless case. Hopeless. Oh, an empty place. If not, precious Lord, precious Lord, please take my hand. Lead me on and let me stand a hopeless case and an empty place. If not for grace, where would I be? [Music] Oh, I'm glad you see through eyes of lifeless. Oh, what an empty place if not for. Oh, sing it again now. Where would I be? We know. Oh, I'm glad you see through eyes of love. Eyes of love. Oh, howless. [Music] Oh, empty if not for [Applause] [Music] grace. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that say a rich like me. I once was lost but now I'm found. Was blind but now I see. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My Lord, my [Music] savior and like a fly is my Unending love. Amazing grace. Oh hallelujah. Give him a clap offering and worship him. [Applause] Thank him for his grace. Thank him for his love. Thank him for his loving kindness, [Music] for his faithfulness, for what he has done for you the past year, for allowing you to come into this new year. Come on, church. You have a lot to thank him for, a lot to praise him for. It has been his grace. It has been his mercy. Oh, thank you, Jesus. We have a lot to thank you for. We have a lot to praise you for. You've done so much for us, Lord. You've been our God and our savior. You've been our help in times of trouble. You've not forsaken us even when we forsake you, Lord. You have been there for us all the time. You have been there in the day and you have been there in the night. You have been there when we are down and when we are up. The God of the mountain. You've been the God of the valleys. You've not left us alone. As you promise, you said, "I'll never leave you comfortless." You have been our comfort alone. You have been our help in times of trouble. You have been our shelter in the times of storm. You've been our father, Lord. You've been our doctor. You've been our all in all. And we are here to worship you, Jesus. To thank you for your grace, to thank you for your mercy, your love that has brought us through. We are so grateful Lord. We appreciate your love. We appreciate your grace. Oh thank you Jesus. We bless your holy name. Oh we thank you father from the bottom of our hearts this morning because what you have done for us no man could do for us. Thank you for bringing us into this new year. Knowing that this is a new year, the very first uh Sunday service in this new year, Lord, we want to be very attentive this morning to hear what the spirit has for us because I know you are prepared a table for us. I ask Lord even as we go into the word that you will give us a good atmosphere that everyone Lord will be connected to you Jesus. Father Lord, we started this year on the 31st with this resolution that you are all that [Music] matters and we want to say you are all that matters this morning. You are going to take us through this year. You're going to take us through everything. It's going to be a year of success for us. It's going to be a year of victory for us. And that means there are battles that must be fought and battles which will be won because if you are on our side, who can be against us? Father, we appreciate you. We give you glory. We give you honor in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Praise the Lord. Maybe we you can be seated for just a moment. I don't know maybe musicians can wait a little bit. I just want to welcome you to 2025. Our first Sunday in 2025. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Did you eat a lot in 2024? Your amens are very weak. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. So this morning we are happy to be in the house of the Lord. I did not hear visitors being welcomed. I hope there are no visitors with us today. Anyone visiting for the first time, could you please lift up your hand? God bless you, my brother. Could you be by any chance, Brother Dennis? No. Are you brother Dennis? Ah, okay. Brother Dennis, nice to see you, brother. uh brother Steven told me about you and that you would be coming this morning. Can you join your hands? Welcome our brother Steven. God bless you. Amen. I think he's the only vista this morning. Amen. Or the only one coming for the first time. Um I I see there are many who are not here this morning. Um I I I but I I know of brother uh sister Phoebe who traveled uh back in the in Masaka although I understand she'll be coming back shortly. Ah oh yes brother also is also the west he's supposed if things don't change is supposed to be the one to supply uh the mis for the uh for the youth camp. So of course at a cost but at a cheaper cost. So he had to go and uh prepare to for that. Um I'd like to just have a few announcements one or two. Um we tomorrow is Monday. We have a meeting with all camp departments, youth camp departments. If you are part of any department, please come. We are going to have if not could be our final meeting especially those going to be working on the registration department welfare but everybody else if you are you want to do something in this youth camp come tomorrow at around 5:00 p.m. shall be here talking trying to see making the final arrangements uh on Wednesday. This coming Wednesday we shall not have a a usual service but we are going to have a prayer service for our youth come. Amen. So please if you want to be a participant come and be a part of that. Amen. And um you know then on on on Thursday we actually going to be going to set camp uh you know we going to we as the the uh the teams we are going to set camp at the youth camp place um and then everybody else will be will be coming arriving on Friday morning. So part of the things I want us to discuss uh tomorrow uh tomorrow is how we are going to be doing how we are going to go where we are going to be and all [Music] that. So please come and be in that meeting. Our youth camp is beginning this Friday. This Friday. Amen. Unlike other days, unlike other camps, this this one we are going to begin, we are going to have two services on Friday. So that means we shall begin earlier. Uh the first service will be around um uh around 1. Let me just pull up the program here. Our first service on on Friday will be uh 1:45 p.m. that is on Friday. So let us uh try our best to come tomorrow so that we can be able to prepare for that and then um of course we shall have it Friday, Saturday, Sunday and uh then we will dismiss on Monday morning. Uh we have a lot of speakers coming. [Music] Um and uh we we are I believe that the Lord is going to give us a supernatural time. Amen. I believe I believe it's going to be a good time uh around the world with all the people coming. I have 33 confirmed to be coming from Nairobi already. They have even already booked the place where they will be staying. Are you enthused about this meeting? I believe God is going to move. So really, especially you young people, youth can. It is a sin. If you do anything on those days, it's not bad. It's going to be a sin which I don't know if God will forgive you for it. cancel everything else. Get leave days from your work. I if they can't [Music] escape, but I know God will give you grace to get leave days. This is for the youth, the parents. It's all right. It's understandable. Like I know sister Stella has to go and be working somewhere those days. But you see those you young people, every one of you young people, I actually expect all of you to be here tomorrow. So we can plan and see how we going to uh do things on. So come and be here. Imagine I mean people coming from east and west coming from as far as Zimbabwe. from as far as Kenya from as far as America from as far as and you who is here you say I'm busy don't you see it is a big shame so cancel everything and come not only come but be a participant also this camp we are not going to allow those who have not paid camp fee including the members of the church you are going to I know many of you members have already done some pledges um many have done more than 100,000 shillings but you find in your family you have people who are um several and the minimum that a person each person should pay is 50,000 shillings So if you have members in your family that are 10 years and above each of those they have to pay that camp fee of $50,000. Amen. Now, if you are part of this church and you sincerely are not able to raise 50,000 for each of your family members, I'm requesting that you come tomorrow and see me. Uh we will make arrangements. Every member of the church should be in that camp. And if you you don't you know uh you know you don't announce yourself and then you just appear there you will be turned down and you'll feel bad. So you you have to come and you know let us know that you are not able so that we can make arrangements before time beforehand. Is that a man? Inform your friends to inform their friends to make sure they pay fee on arrival or rather to come with it. If they don't have tell them it is a must to inform us beforehand. Amen. You know we are trying to get the hall at Chamogo University. We have already secured Chamogo College but uh for the accommodations the the kitchen the cooking place areas but their hall is not very good. We are trying to get the hall at Chamogo University. That's so people will just be walking crossing. It's just almost the same place. Um so um uh I don't know something I wanted to say it just skipped my mind but what I wanted to say mainly is that um those people who have even you church members who have not yet registered you need to please register. Uh is it possible for you to put up that website or that show them how to do it? DV fellowship.org dvf fellowship.org and then you will see the link to touch and then you you get yourself registered. Amen. Get yourself registered. Uh the the hall we are get going to get has a limit. It has a limit of people it can take. So that's why we have to be very strict on registrations and the camp. We don't want people to o over flood us and and we are not able to hold to handle them and yet they have not paid anything for us to help to help us take care of other uh maybe a tent or something. As you know, we are always better organized, but this year we have been we have had challenges with our venue. But when you have a challenge, always know that the victory is going to be great. So I am under great anticipation. Amen. If you've not registered yourself, you can even do it right now. right now right on your phone is very easy. Uh if if you you go on that website or after the service you'll see any of the brothers here and ask them how can I register myself but I know many of you are already registered. So I like I said I also need your prayers straight after our youth come. That following weekend I've been invited to leader I could not turn down this invitation because it's a youth retreat. Anything youth I don't care where it is I go. and and so I know it's going to be a big sacrifice both in the flesh and financially but you pray for us. Uh Pastor Michael is preparing a youth retreat of a few days uh that following weekend of 19th. Amen. Um I don't know whether you remember this but uh on the Sunday next After that on the Sunday afternoon on the 26th we are going to have our usual business meeting. You give your offerings, you give your land funds. We want to let you know what it has done this past year. So that you can know and have a burden to give more and also for on our part. It is um it is a good to be good stewards and transparent to you so that you can know how much you're giving a blessing to the work of the ministry. Amen. And so the following week, that's the last week of January, we are hosting a brother Gary Walker. We shall have a bench with him. He has a very interesting testimony. And then we shall also be taking him to Karamoja. We have a convention in Karamoja in the side of Cotto and the side of Moroto. And after that on to Ethiopia. You can see the schedule is very very tight. Just keep me in prayers. Will you do that? Amen. And we want to thank God for the new year, the new year meeting we had here. The brothers, I'm I'm so delighted that God has given us many younger brothers that are on fire for God. you know that can stand you know in the ministry. So here at DVF we can never be hungry. Never be hungry because God has given us servants who will always serve us whether the pastor is not there or he's there is food that will be spread on the table. Amen. You know there are some churches when the pastor is not around the church is dead. Even sometimes it closes when he's around. Oh, everyone is on fire. I'm glad here. We are not a worship of a pastor. We worship Jesus Christ. And so whether pastor is around or not, the word is preached. Amen. Amen. So this past year, I appreciate all of you. who have really served in different capacities, both sisters, brothers, younger men, older ones, God bless you. And I say that from my heart. You have made the work of God easy. And those of you who have been a headache to us, may God help you this year to be better children so that we can serve you with joy in our hearts. Can you say amen? Sometimes you forget to talk about that. Praise the Lord. And um there are some who brought me some wonderful gifts. uh you know around Christmas time after Christmas, the new year. So really I I'm so happy. I say God bless you so much. Shall we stand on our feet? Amen. Amen. Uh brother Polycap um said something to me [Music] uh this past week. He brought me a question. And so today I'm sharing on something that was inspired by his question. And before we go to the word, I have a letter here from Eagle Revelation Tabernacle Revelation Tabernacle. It says, "Welcome to our 28th beginning of the year meeting district. district. It says greetings in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. On behalf of Eagle Revelation Tabernacle Tabernacle, I'd like to invite you all and all the saints to our annual convention in beast of Lisa district. Arrival will be 16th January. Departure will be 20th January. They will have international and local preachers. The guest speaker will be pastor Paul B from the USA and they are in expectation of pastor I Steven from so if you're planning to go they're asking you to carry your personal effects like cups plates and we also request you to support a conversion with 5,000 Pastor Joseph Freeman. So I don't know how many will go but we have been invited plan um I'm sure we can always get a witness those of you who went to Merrty I'm sure you were blessed. Amen. So somebody can also plan to go to Bisa. I'm happy to see you, brother Al. Um, now I'm calling you Alan. I was calling Alan Baka. Brother Andrew and traveled all through the night just to be in the service this morning all the way from Karamoja. We say God bless you, brother Andrew. Amen. Can we sing a little chorus together as we want to go to the word now? Amen. We will read out of the book of James chapter 2 vers 14. [Music] Amazing grace, how sweet the sun that [Music] say like me. [Applause] [Music] I once was lost but now was blind. But now I see it. It was grace. It was grace that turn my heart to him. Oh, and grace, my fear. How [Music] great are you? Holy I found now when we sing it now with me 1000 yes bright shining shining as the No. Oh go we we lift up your hands and sing hallelujah. [Music] Come on, sing it now to him. To the lamb of God that was slain for us. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh yeah. [Music] Amen. Lord Jesus, we are now going to open the pages of your holy word. I ask Lord that you will you will take me aside. I am nothing Lord but a humble servant. Lord, who am I to stand before the purchase of your blood? I ask that Lord you'll have mercy on me and that if I found favor in your sight this morning that you will use me father to speak to your children and even my brother who is interpreting Lord as seen as saved by Christ. I pray that you'll just come and smile on us this morning that you'll minister to your saints and anyone who might be hurting or someone who might be in a situation where they need God to speak could be here or online. My prayer Lord this morning is that you will come, you will speak and we will leave here this morning rejoicing in our hearts saying our hearts were burning within us as the Lord spoke to us. Father, we commit the service into your hands in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. while you take your Bibles. Chapter 2. Thank you, musicians. God bless you. Vers 14. Amen. Amen. And we are reading from 14 to 26 and then we shall be seated. For you to follow the story properly, I'll read in Luganda first in English first and then my brother will read after me. Amen. What does it profit my brethren? Though a man say he has faith and has not works and have not works, can faith save him? If a brother or sister be naked and destitute of daily food, and one of you say unto them, depart in peace, be you warmed and filled. Notwithstanding, ye give them not those things which are needful to the body. What does it profit? Even so faith, if it has not works, is dead being alone. Yeah, a man may say, "Thou hast faith, and I have works." Show me thy faith without thy works, and I will show thee my faith by my works. Thou believest that there is one God. Thou doest well, the devils also believe and tremble. But with thou know, oh vain man, that faith without works is dead. Was not Abraham our father justified by works when he had offered Isaac his son upon the altar? Seeest thou how faith wrote with his works and by works was faith made perfect and the scripture was fulfilled which saith Abraham believed God and it was imputed unto him for righteousness and he was called the first the friend of God. You see then how that by works a man is justified and not by faith only. Likewise also was not Rahab the hallot justified by works when she had received the messengers and had sent them out another way. For as the body without the spirit is dead, so faith without works is dead also. Yeah, [Music] Are you guarantee Okay. How many believe that there is one God? That when you believe that there is one God, you do good. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Mhm. Wow. Get a mask. Uhhuh. [Music] Wednesday. Wow. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Please be seated. Uh is a brother Brother Albert here today. Oh, okay. So, saints, this morning I want to I say that this was inspired by brother Polar. He asked me a very interesting question and um I'll just go back to that question first and read it out to you. in the book um uh he said James 2:24 um you see then how that by works a man is justified and not by faith only. God bless you pastor. What does this verse mean? Especially in quotes the wax So I did not tell him I was going to read that for the people but I think how many would love to hear the answer to that question. Amen. And so I thought the whole church would need would would desire to hear that especially I'm a man who preaches grace and sometimes when you preach grace it is very tricky if you don't understand or if you don't receive the revelation. Many people who preach grace, they go off and they now toilate every sort of things everybody does. Why? Because grace covers for those things. You see, you can go and live immoral life. Grace is enough. You can go and abuse, drink alcohol, and repent later. Grace, your works don't matter. You can dress any how you want. Grace, it doesn't matter. You know, you can, we've said here, sisters, you can make your hair any way you want. You see, now you see grace, it doesn't really matter. And um so you find that people think that grace is freedom to do anything they want. And yet that is not correct. That is not the kind of grace we preach. That is not the kind of grace brother Banham stood for. Brother Banham said we believe in grace, not disgrace. You see that grace which gives you the freedom to do everything you want is a disgrace. Are you hearing me? But we believe in grace. We believe it's not our works that can give us righteousness. You know there are many terms here we shall be able to talk about if the Lord gives us the grace and then you find that others will go that way but then these others will go this way. They will preach the gospel of works and you know works and works and works. Every time you come to church, they tell you how to make your hair. They make this message and they reduce it only to how to make your hair, how to dress. If you come dressed in a certain way, if you're not careful, they can even tell you go get out yourself first. This is a believer's church. We don't dress that way. We don't make our hair that way. Did you know in some message churches that if a sister plates her hair, they can actually kick her out of the church? Why? Because according to them, she's not done a good work. That is not allowed to be done that way. And they excommunicate them or they chase them out of the church. And you know we are so much obsessed that area that side that side they are so much obsessed with how long a girl's dress is or how short it is. You know every preaching every preaching will be about what you must do. What you must not do. What you must do. What you must not do. And until believers have become um um biased and they are biased with anyone who does not do what they do, how they do it. [Music] If they feel for example that for them they are the ones doing it right. Anyone else is not a a a real believer and also they will they will always have that form of righteousness and they will always kind of have a feeling these are very important things I'm talking about. They will always have a kind of feeling that they are holier than anybody else. So there will always be deaconing everybody. You know even a new person has just come to church. They don't know what you believe. They don't even know baptism in Jesus name. They know nothing and a pastor is preaching on a on on grace. But as as he's preaching someone walks into the church dressing a trouser he will say now the Holy Spirit is leading me to go to the 22:5 a woman shall not wear bad you know and and then this woman is new to the church you be like this church is difficult they have a lot of laws have you had some such comments on the message they have a lot of rules they have a lot of laws why because the ministry has presented the message as being a legalistic message. This message is not a legalistic message. This message is much better than that is higher than that. So then what do we believe? So today I want to strike a balance between works and faith. And my title today is tangible expressions of one's faith. Tangible expressions of one's faith. Praise the name of the Lord. We will get back to James 2 at the end. But let me let us first read Ephesians chapter 2. And if you give me your univ attention, I believe the Holy Spirit will help us. Amen. Praise God. Ephesians 2:8 says, "For by grace are ye saved through faith, by grace through faith, and that not of yourselves. It is the gift of God, not of works, lest any man should boast. For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works. which God has before ordained that we should walk in them. So now someone can say ah James is saying we are justified by works. But Paul to the Ephesians says it is by grace through faith not of works. So then which one is the right one? They are both right. And I want you to understand today how both of them are right. Amen. And I'm going to begin with Matthew chapter 19. And I want to try and be as fast as I can uh because we have another service in ENT this evening. And those of you today who would be desire to go with us please it will be wonderful. Amen. So you can get a burden to pray for that work there. Matthew 19 uh chapter 19 verse 16 I want you to look at that it says and behold one came unto him and said unto him now he's coming to Jesus and he said unto him good master everyone say good Master, what good thing shall I do that I may have eternal life? Someone who is justified is a person. Today I don't want to preach as such but I want to say something which will stay with you [Music] forever something which will revolutionalize the way you see the world and your attitude towards this message. Here is a man who is a believer. From the time he was born, he was raised in a believer's home. He was like brother Amram raised by believers, brother praise like some of you where brother Billy Paul prays in a believer's home. Amen. And he's a good brother. He's not worldly. is a good brother. So he comes to Jesus and he said to him, "Good master, what good thing shall I do that I may have eternal life." He was raised under the law. And the law was, you know, nothing but works, works and works. They were taught how to act, how to behave, how to talk, how to dress, how to do to relate with your neighbor, everything about good works, he knew. And he comes to Jesus and he felt his heart was still empty and he needed to know what good thing can I do that I might say now this is I I have it. I have it alive. I can feel eternal life tangibly. I have it. What good thing can I do? Amen. And he said unto him, "Why do you call me good? There is none good. There is none good." Tell your neighbor, "There is none good but God." There is none good but God. If you thought you are good, you are bad. You are actually bad. You are actually evil in the way you were born. The thoughts you have been having since you were born. You are trying and struggling and you think you are good because you're dressing better and you think you're better than the Catholic because you're dressing better and you think you're better than the the Anglicans because you're baptized in much water and you think you are better than the Muslims because you believe this and you believe that. Let me tell you, you are the same like them in that regard. You cannot be better because of a certain good work you have done. Now think about the good works you have done. Nothing among them can make you better. That is the truth. Can I preach the Bible the way it is? But he says there is none good but God. Only God is good. Only God is good. I'm emphasizing certain points here. Only God is good. That has two things. Number one, he says all human beings are bad. Number two, this man called Jesus good master. So Jesus is trying to tell him. So you you have you you should now know who I am. Jesus is God. Amen. Can you shout it? Jesus is God. And you know he was admitting. Yes, I'm good. And that is because I'm I'm God. But there is none good. Only God is good. And I am good. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But if you as a human being will enter into life keep the commandments. He said unto him. Which commandments? Jesus said, "You shall not murder. You will not commit adultery. You shall not steal. You not bear false witness. Honor your father and your mother. And you love your neighbor. like yourself. The young man said, "All these things I have kept from my youth up. [Music] What? How do you How do you hear that? This is someone boasting. What did you say? I should not kill. I should not commit adultery. I should not steal. I should not bear false witness. I should honor my father and mother. I have done all those good things. He began boasting. I have done all those good things. I am good. I have what do I lack? I have done all those good things. The man began boasting. But Jesus was God. And Jesus is God. And he said to him, "If you will be perfect, go and sell everything you have and give to the poor that and thou shalt have treasure in heaven and come and follow me." Now remember, you know, we are learning. So I want you to keep your thoughts together with me. so that this service can be a blessing to you. I don't want to rush rush rush. I want you to understand what I am talking about. Amen. I appreciate your amen. It means you're following it. The young man said all these things from the time I was a youth. I have not lacked. I've done them. And Jesus said to him, if you will be perfect, go sell everything you have, give to the poor, you shall receive treasure in heaven. Come follow me. Do do you do you understand here that the man Jesus the man Jesus was very poor? I want you I don't know who is the poorest here but imagine the poorest among [Music] us standing before you and he tells you sell everything you have you you have cars you have houses you have lands you have everything and they tell you sell everything come follow me you will receive treasure in heaven the heaven you have never seen the heaven you have even maybe never dreamed of and you are not too sure whether this one has ever been there and he's telling you just do what I'm saying sell everything come follow me sell everything come follow me but you see the first thing Jesus told him before he told him that is what this man missed the sermon that Jesus gave that man was not sell [Music] everything. That was the second gospel. The first one was I am God. Only God is good. So if you're calling me good, it means I am God. Can God tell you anything and you refuse to accept it? Now let me ask you brother Alan if God speaks to you and he tells you to do I don't know what okay if he tells you to leave mine and remain unmarried forever can you accept the brother is shaking his head in disapproval. Well, he said like that because it is he knows it is me. So he's wondering is that God or is it the pastor? But if you know it is God, you would know he can create something else for you. If you know God tells you to do anything, you will do it. You will not question. You will not doubt. You will be like a crazy man. You will go for it. But the issue is, do you have a revelation of who God is? This man missed it because he failed to understand that Jesus was God. was okay. But he failed to do one great work to have faith in God. Praise God. Now I brought that example of that rich young man to demonstrate to us the [Music] uselessness of our works before God. Now are you telling me it is okay for someone to murder to kill? No, it is not okay. But if you do, you do it according to the law, works of the [Music] law, then it is useless. There are many people who don't believe in Jesus but they are good people. You preach to them and they say I preach to s me I don't I don't kill I don't go to this I'm a good person but they know them I never met such people yes they know they are good my brother your goodness God it is in vain The self righteousness is nothing. I know I'm I'm this is foundations and may God help us so that we can and you go back and listen to this sermon, you realize you missed a few things. Isaiah 64:6. Isaiah 64:6. But we are all as unclean thing and all our righteousnesses are as filthy racks. [Music] [Music] Okay. Okay. You you you you interpret it from here. But we are all as unclean things and all our righteousnesses are as filthy racks. And we we all do fed as a leaf and our iniquities like the wind they have taken us away. We all are unclean things. Now let's take it in in its real sense. I by the way if you cannot come to God on this basis you can never be accepted by God. When you come to God, you must first see yourself as a man, as a woman of law estate. Yes. And I know all those scriptures that say that we are kings, we are priests, we are. No, no, that's another level before you get there. That's why I said these are foundations. You have to first understand the foundation. You see we are an unclean thing and all our righteousnesses are as filthy rags. You know all your dressing, all your talking, all your good behavior that you have done by yourself will is as filthy rags before God. It stings for God. He doesn't appreciate it. Does it mean God doesn't like good works? No. He's a God that is holy and he wants you to be holy, but not your holiness, not your works, not your righteousness. He wants his his righteousness his works, his holiness to fill you. And how does it begin to fill you? It begins filling you the moment you receive a revelation of who he is. The moment you receive the faith of the son of God. When Jesus came to that rich man, the man missed the revelation. What was the revelation? That Jesus is Jesus is God. That was a revelation. What is faith? What is faith? Faith is a revelation. Tell your neighbor, faith is a revelation. Faith is a revelation. Oh, are you now getting there? Are you about to get there? He fa the revelation. This man did not have faith but he had works. Selfmade works without faith. But you see if that man had received a revelation of who Jesus is, he would have said, "Amen. I receive what you just said. Let me set everything. And then he would have even done all the good works. Not because of his own goodness, he would not even boast about it. He would have boasted about the goodness of the [Applause] master. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Are we about to get there? Keep building now. in the message letting off the pressure. Okay, I want you to listen now today. That is the refuge that we have. Look what happens when we are recognized when we recognize he Jesus was our substitutionary death. When we realize It is not our righteousness but his. And when we accept him as a personal savior. Now why do you need a savior? Because you are unclean thing because your righteousness is as filthy rags. I don't care whether you have never done any bad thing on earth. You still need a savior. Why? Because you are an unclean thing. Your righteousness are as filthy rags before God. So you have to realize he died for you. You have to realize, amen, it's not your righteousness, but his righteousness. And when we accept him as a personal savior, that's why we cannot accept Jesus as a group savior. You as an individual, you accept him by your own revelation. And you when you catch the revelation, you even cry, you say, "Oh God, I'm a sinner. I need you to save me. Then we go to the grave with him in baptism and we die with him. If you don't, you shouldn't be buried. So when you are dead and you confess your sins and and call yourself a sinner and ask for mercy and are buried with Christ in baptism, then we are also risen with him in resurrection. Praise the name of the Lord. Okay. Now let us take another corner here in Romans. We are going to go like that. And by the time we are done, which is not going to be very long from now, you will see it differently. Uh Romans chapter 3 27. Okay. What does it say? Where is boasting then? Few people are following right. Where is boasting? Then in other words, for you to understand what I'm I'm reading here, he says, "It is not your righteousness, it is his righteousness." You remember the rich young man. He had a lot to boast about. Ah, this one, this one, this one, I have done everything. What do I lack? He was a very good message believer. I have not fornicated. I have not drunk alcohol. I've never been in a dance party. I've never done anything bad. What do I lack? I was born in the message. I've done all I don't dress I dress longer skirts. I don't dress many skirts. I'm a believer. What do I lack? That attitude is self-righteousness. Jesus did not come for people like that. Let me emphasize it. Jesus came for sinners. Jesus come for somebody who realizes I am nothing without you. Everything I am, everything I have is all filled. I need you so I can become a real man, a real woman. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He says here, "No, where is boasting?" Then when you realize it is not your righteousness, but his righteousness, so you have nothing to boast about. Amen. It is excluded by what law? By what law? There are two laws. There is a law of the Old Testament, the law of works. And then there is another law of the New Testament, the law of faith. And then here he says, you don't boast. You don't boast. The younger man was boasting because of his good works. By what law? By the law of works. But here the Bible says where is boasting it is excluded. And then he asks a question by what law? Of what? Of what? Answer me. Of what? Paul says to the Romans, "No." Tell your neighbor, "No, but by the law of faith." Oh, we ought to shout, "Amen." Amen. But by the law of faith, verify, we conclude that a man is justified by faith without the deeds of the law. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh my. In the message, the unconditional covenant that God made with with the people, he says, "It isn't whether I hang on or not. It isn't whether I hold out. It is whether he holds up. Whether he held out, there is nothing I can do. It is what he has done for me. What Christ done for me in God? Did you realize this is the message of the hour? This is brother Bam saying this word. Which message do you believe? Do you believe the message of grace or the message of the works of the Lord? Hallelujah. The law of faith in Christ has set me free from the law of sin and death. I have been liberated. I have been set free. I don't do what I do because I want to do them. I do what I do because I am a prisoner. I'm a prisoner. Since I received this faith, I have to do what I do. Why? There is something in me which makes me do what I do. It is not because I have the ability. I have nothing to boast of. I have nothing to boast of. Friends, there is nothing I can do. It is what he has done for me. What Christ has done for me in God. That's the reason I'm saved tonight. Yes, sir. Not what I could do, not by good works are we saved. But by his mercies, God has saved us. God has saved me in Christ. Amen. Hallelujah. My salvation came by one that is Christ. God has saved me. that he had a condute that he used that is Christ. Oh hallelujah. When Jesus died, I died. When Jesus was nailed to the cross, I was nailed to the cross. Everything is suffered. I suffered in him. My salvation was done for me by God. I was saved by God. in Christ. That's why I sing at the cross. At the cross, I saw the light and the burden of my heart was rolled away. And he says God has saved us in Christ, unconditionally. [Music] That's why if you are so overwhelmed by a life of sin, stop hiding yourself. Are you hearing? Stop hiding yourself. You You don't have to live like a hypocrite. Have they seen me? Are they seeing me? Have they known me? Why believers of the message think so much about what people think about them? If you are a drunkard, drink in the open. Stop hiding. I would rather have a church knowing they are all drunkards trying to get grace. If you come here in a church and you have a spirit of drunkenness and I know you a drunkard and you have told him pastor me I'm a drunkard. I need deliverance. I will prepare a good sermon for you and I'll preach to you until the grace of Jesus until the blood of Jesus washes and delivers you from the spirit of drunkenness. But when you hide yourself and then I come here and I preach, we are kings, we are priests, we are delivered, then you are going to hell, brother. You are going to hell, sister. Stop hiding. If you're an immoral person, come out. Declare you need help. Why? Because I tell you, brother, there is power in the blood. Power to save, power to deliver. It is not your works. Hallelujah. God has saved us in Christ unconditionally. We were Gentiles alienated from God, cut off without hope, without mercy. Christ in his sovereign grace died in ourstead. He died in mystead, taking our place. Let me bring this home. He took my place. He died for me. His sovereign grace. I was without mercy. I was without hope. I was an alien from God. But he saved me unconditionally. He did not tell me do this and I'll save you. No, he saved me without condition. Amen. He brought me in. No one can take me out. Hallelujah. If he saved me without any condition, there is nothing can take me out. There is nothing can take me back to the world. Satan has lost me forever. I am delivered. I am set free. He can save me to lose me. Do you realize what grace is? He saved you without a condition. He can't save you to lose you. He has everything figured out. Therefore, if you are a sinner, you simply come to him and tell him, "Lord, I am a sinner. Save me. Deliver me. The same grace that justified you, the same grace will deliver you." Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. So he says, "So it is nothing we have done, nothing we could boast in." Paul said, "God forbid that he would boast save in the cross of Jesus Christ." Amen. Amen. In Christ, he boasted. I can't boast in myself. I can't boast in my strength. I can't boast in my holiness. But I will tell you what I can boast in. I can boast in Christ. I can't boast in my words. I am a weakling. I am a sinner. I have eroded many times. And I would yet er more, but I can boast in the blood which was shed for me. I can b in a finished work of Calvar's cross. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Glory to God. So you now see in Romans 3 21 he says, "But now the righteousness of God, not my righteousness, but the righteousness of God without the law is manifested." meaning the New Testament bypasses the law and and it fulfills the law. The Lord said you should not commit adultery. So if they catch you they kill you. But here is what grace did through faith in Christ. He puts his law in you. When you receive the Holy Ghost and he says before you even do it, the moment you think it, he arrest you. So you find a brother crying, "Oh God, forgive me for lust." How did you know you have lust? The law of faith arrested you to help you fulfill the law of Christ. Amen. He bypassed the law to fulfill to fulfill his ways his his word, his holiness, even the righteousness of God which is now this is what I love most. Say the righteousness of God which is by faith. Let me see how you interpret this. Which is by faith of Jesus Christ. [Music] People missed that. Did you know that the righteousness of God which is by faith not in Jesus Christ, the devil believes in but he doesn't have the faith of you get it? Many people can believe in Jesus Christ but not all have the faith of Jesus Christ. It is not my faith in him. It is his faith in me even the righteousness of God which is by faith by faith of Jesus Christ to who? unto all and upon all them that believe for there's no difference for all have sinned and have come short of the glory of God but here now he brings up yeah he says being justified you remember what James said justified by the works But I will show you how this works out. Being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus. I am justified freely, freely, unconditionally. freely freely. If we are to take the law, you know the law when you break one, you break all. If God is supposed to look at us through the works of the law, all of you would die now, including myself. He would have no church. But a gentile church is not sanctified or justified by the works of the law, but he's justified [Music] freely by his grace through the redemption through the redemption that is in that is in Christ Jesus who whom God has set forth to be appropriation. Jesus is the propation through faith in his blood to do what? Do you know what the word declare means? You know what declare means? If I say from today you will not be poor any have you done for that declaration. done nothing. Right now, let me show you what faith in his blood does to declare, his righteousness for the remission of sins that are passed. Amen. Hallelujah. He has declared his righteousness. Abraham, the Bible says it was not sin was not imputed to him. Righteousness was imputed to him. Meaning God declared that Abraham is righteous. You have been declared holy. This is this is where we want people with inspiration for songs. Write songs about that. You are declared holy. You are declared righteous. You are declared perfect. Now if you are not if you are not the declaration of the Lord cannot fall on empty ground. That's where you begin wrestling and fighting and saying Lord your word has declared me free I must be free. I must be free. I must be free. I must be rich. I must be holy. I must overcome. Amen. When he declared to Israel that I've given you the land, they had to fight for every inch of ground. Calb said, "Give me my mountain. I am still strong. I am more than able to possess it." And he fought. for every inch of ground. Now 2025, we are going to have tangible expressions of our faith. Amen. Amen. If God says you are holy, don't say I believe. the devil's belief. Express your faith by coming before his presence and say, "Lord, you declared unto me and you said I am free. Where is my freedom? Where is my deliverance? I must break loose from this demon. It cannot frustrate me forever until the bride Come to that place brother of saying enough is enough. Enough is enough and you become crazy and you become crazy and you say I am no longer a slave to fear. I am no longer a slave to immorality. I am no longer a slave to poverty. Until you come loud praise, you will remain the way you are. Hallelujah. Galatians [Music] 2 says, "Knowing that a man is not justified by the works of the law." It's a statement. A man is not justified by the works of the law. But by the faith of Jesus Christ, even when we have believed in Jesus Christ that we might be justified by faith, listen. By faith of Christ, not faith in Christ. by faith of Christ. I'm justified by faith of Christ, the faith of Christ. And not by the works of the law. For by the works of the law shall no flesh be justified. Colossians 2:20 says, "I am crucified with Christ." Put it on your lips also. Can you say it? I am crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, I live. Come on, say it. Nevertheless, I live. Yet not I. But Christ liveth in me. Say it. Christ liveth in me. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. And the life which I now live and the life which I now live in the flesh I live. Oh my God. Oh my God. And the life which I now live now now which I live in this flesh. I live by the faith of the son of God. Hallelujah. The son of God who loved me and gave himself for me. I do not frustrate the grace of God. For if righteousness come by the law, then Christ is dead in faith. Righteousness did not come by the law. It has come by faith. of the son of God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The life I now live. Just meditate about those words. The life that I now live in the flesh. You know these scriptures that I'm reading today, it applies to those who have the Holy Ghost. If you don't have the Holy Ghost, that's why you don't understand what I'm talking about. But if you are filled with the Holy Ghost, you can testify. Amen. The life I live is not my life. Amen. I live by the faith of the son of God. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. In the stage of a perfect man, he says if you die, you take the blood out of a man, you imbalm him. Trouble of it is a lot of them is is never got. You take the blood out of the man, he's gone. The only thing you do is put another blood back in him. He's going to live again. But he took his blood out and now we've put the blood of Jesus Christ in. And that brings the faith of Jesus Christ. Amen. Nothing but the blood. It brings the virtue. The virtue of Jesus Christ. The knowledge of Jesus Christ. The temperance of Jesus Christ, the patience of Jesus Christ, the godliness of Jesus Christ, the brotherly kindness of Jesus Christ, the love of God which is Jesus Christ. He is the head and he controls you and your feet is the foundation. Your faith. Amen. controlled by the head. The head is Christ. There you are. There is the perfect man of God. When he possesses these virtues, the blood shall be a token unto you, the Holy Spirit, the life in the blood is the token. Listen, listen. You go read the message the token but but we can just take a quote out of it. He says the hour is here when the token himself is identifying himself right among us and proving that he not you but he is the same yesterday today and forever. Amen. He's right with the word. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Do you believe it? We believed it when the year was beginning. God filled some here. And by the way, if God filled you with the Holy Ghost, testify. That's what I believe. Testify. Testify. And when we were in the family altar, I witnessed God do something in my family. You know, as I was praying for someone, I don't remember who. Then you know these two boys were following me. You can say they're so young. But you see kept on following me. I didn't know. But after a while, I realized he was following me. And uh so he began nudging my left hand, pulling it, pulling it cuz I think he was realizing everybody was, you know, getting drunk and falling the other side. And so, you know, he began nudging me, nudging me. And so I turned and right there, I looked at him. As he looked me straight in the eye, this is a very curious boy. So he looked me straight in the eye and I looked at him and right there the revelation came. I asked him, "Do you want to be filled with the Holy Ghost?" He said, "Yes." So I said, "Lift up your hands." And I prayed for him that God would fill him. Touched his heart. And I said, "God, fill him with the Holy Ghost." He left me. You know, he was just doing like that. Well, I thought maybe he's copying others and you know you know but you know I realized after one hour he was doing the same thing shaking shaking shaking uncontrollably kneeling down lifting up his hands standing up doing the same thing. And so later on his mother came and you know like we are almost finishing praying our prayer was almost 5 hours long the whole time. And so this boy was still in that atmosphere and my his mother thought maybe he's also coping us. I signaled her no presence of the Holy Spirit. And you know I tried to call him so I can embrace him. And I tried to embrace him thinking maybe he's cold or something covered him called all his hands. He was just checking uncontrollably. What do you think that was? I believe it's the same same thing that John the Baptist received the same same spirit. You know he says when he fills you he shall quicken your m of body. And by the say sometimes he quickens you so much that you speak in other tongues. You see is a busting out is the spirit of God. It's a fire and you know this little one two years old. Well you can say maybe this one is a little big 2 years old. You know he came also following. It was around the same time. So I came to him and told him, Tim, do you want to receive the Holy Ghost? Because at that moment, the Holy Spirit revealed to me that if God was able to fill John the Baptist in the womb of the mother, he can feel a 2-year-old. Yes, he can feel a 2-year-old. Amen. And so by faith I I tried to lift up his hand and I told him, "Lift up your hands." So he lifted it up and I began praying for him for God to fill him. He jumped out of there so happy came praying for the mother. Pray for everybody. Let me tell you, brethren, the God we serve is a living God. [Applause] A man that says he's got a token, he cannot deny the word. Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and forever. The token has got to be applied. The token has got to be there. The blood shall be a token unto you. Now the Holy Spirit, the life that was in the blood is talking unto you. Get to it in a moment and see the Holy Ghost is the talking. The case is closed. The Holy Spirit is the talking. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. When the token is applied unto you, then you have the faith of the son of God. Amen. Now, as we are descending to finish in James, we go now to our scripture. Amen. Verse 14. What does it profit my brethren? Though a man say he has faith and he has not worked, can faith save him? If a brother or a sister is naked and blessed of daily food, and one of you say unto them, depart in peace, be you warmed and filled, not withstanding, ye give them not those things which are needful to the body. What does it profit? Even so, faith if it has not worked is that being alone. Being alone now. Let us stop right there. Which faith is he talking about? I believe he's talking about the faith of the son of God. And he's saying if you claim you have it and it oh my god and it does not produce the work you don't have him. If you have the faith of Jesus Christ you cannot have faith without works. That would be dead faith. The rich man was asked to sell everything. and follow Christ. He will not because he simply never had the faith of Jesus Christ, but he had faith in him, but he never had the faith of him. He saw things in the flesh, his own faith that was intellectual faith and it failed him. You remember Peter one time he also had that kind of intellectual faith and it failed him. Oh if everybody leaves you I will die with you and in a moment I don't know him. What was it? Intellectual faith. Oh brother oh brother sister. On the day of Pentecost the same man Peter received the Holy Spirit. And the Bible says the pillar of fire came down divided himself up and fell upon the disciples. One by one each of them received a portion, a portion of the fire, a portion of the Holy Ghost. And Peter, a man who was fearful, a man whose intellectual faith failed him. Hey, he now had boldness. He was speaking like a lion. And he told them, "Men and brethren, we are not drunk as ye supposed." This is that which was spoken over by the prophet Torah. This is the Holy Ghost. What happened to Peter? What happened to Peter? Peter had a different kind of faith. It was no longer the faith of Peter. Come on church. It was now the faith of Jesus in Peter. And now Peter could say the life I now live in the flesh. I live by the faith of the son of God. Amen. Amen. And Peter baptized 3,000 on the same day. Your intellectual faith will fail you each time. Just receive the Holy Ghost. And if you don't have him, seek him. You shall find him. Blessed are they that hung and thirst after righteousness. They shall be filled. Yeah. A man may say, "You have faith. and I have works. Show me thy faith without thy works. And I will show you my faith by my works. In the message, the testimony raising a dead boy. Never did God do that. You show me your faith without your works. And I'll show you my faith by my works. And he says, you have got to do it. And you've got to fight for every inch of ground that you have. Every man in here that's born again of the spirit of God. Know that you've got to fight for every inch of ground. Listen to this one. Look. Look at this side. He says toy to toy. You have to fight, toy to toy with Satan toy to toy with Satan. Friends, this is not a picnic. This is a battleground. When you receive the Holy Ghost, you have entered the battleground. You are in the ring. The fight has just started. You are resting because it's no longer your faith. Now is the faith of the son of God operating in you. We never come here to eat cookies. We are in a battle. Amen. Faith is a revelation of the will of God. When his spirit is in you, he will give you revelation for what he wants you to do. It will not be easy ground. But this kind of faith, are you still listening? This kind of faith I'm talking about, the faith of the son of God knows no limitations. You stand toy to toy with Satan and you push him away from your ground from your ground. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many are doing businesses here? Lift up your hand. See all these hands here or people doing businesses. The moment you receive the Holy Ghost, God reveals to you by revelation by faith. It's a battle ground. Your business is a battleground. But you know what? God spoke to us at the beginning of this year that it's going to be a year of making money. You know why? Because if we make the money then we use to serve God and as the kingdom of God comes. Are you hearing me going to be a year of s financial breakthrough? Now you see that's why I'm preaching this today. Tangible expressions of your faith. Amen. The people in the world they go and sacrifice for their businesses. Do they or they they don't? They don't. Answer me. Do they or they don't? Have you sacrificed for yours or did you think we don't sacrifice? They took the the ideas of sacrifice from the word. It is God who requires sacrifice. So you see, but it has to be by revelation. It has to be by faith. When God came down and told this woman, go borrow buckets and everything and buckets and everything. Borrow it. Bring it here. If she has said, I don't have anyone to borrow. But first, I want you to see the principle. When something is revealed to you, don't hesitate. You don't even have to have anything to start a business. You need God. That woman had nothing. She was a poor old widow. How many know of the woman I'm talking about? But when Elisha came to her, he told her, "Go, what do you have said? I have nothing to go to the neighbors, borrow buckets, jars, everything you can get. Bring it here. It was according to her strength. It was according to her ability. She went and borrowed everything she can borrow. She brought it and a man of God prayed and oil was filled. Jesus told a rich man, "Sell everything you have." He refused to do it. He became poor. But the prophet told this woman, "Go bring everything you have. You can find bring it here." It was not easy. Who can borrow our poor woman? But she obeyed. Brother, when God speaks to you, obey. Obey in this church. We never pull for money. This ministry is not about making money. As I will show you in the business reports, we have made I have personally put more money in this church than anyone. You know, I give because it's the work of God. But I'm when when I come to preach about money, I'm telling you what I'm inspired to talk church. We should do we should stop being babies. How come God would speak to you about other things but when preaches on money you become cold. You give 1,000 in offering. You give coins in offering. You a believer and you're expecting big things. I told you the principles of becoming rich. Let us exercise them this year. Let us give and I would give ourselves and I meaning everyone including the pastor. You give not because you have. You give by faith. You do that business by faith, not with capital. Faith will bring the capital. The faith of the son of God can do the impossible things. Can do what man never expected. You live right, not by trying hard. I tried and tried. You live, you live right by faith. When you receive the Holy Ghost, he will help you to live right by faith. You progress in school not by wisdom but by faith. By the way, the faith of the son of God can move mountains. The faith of the son of God. His works are all tangible expressions of one's faith. Never do anything if it is not out of faith because there is no blessing following you. But if you take and give by faith, not because you have. I had someone say, "Oh, pastor, pray for me. I want I don't want to rob God this year. So I want him to bless me so I can give tithe. So the whole year you mean God has not bless you with anything. Are you here church? Don't keep quiet because I'm now talking about money. No, you who are robbing God tithe payers. You are robbing God. Even me I pay my tithe. You are robbing God. Someone come and say pastor let me give this one as the year is ending because this year I've not been given tithe is ti 10% of your income. It is not yours. It is the Lord's. You don't give because you have a lot. You give by faith. If you are giving land fund or youth meetings or anything you are giving, you give by revelation. God reveals to you, give this much. Many times when I've received great financial breakthroughs, I did things which shook me. Take a lot of money and give it to somebody. for their need and I'm not saying okay now God is going to give me I see the same measure and much more returning to me believers if we want to be able to have a year of success every one of us I teach even my little children to pay tithe These little ones, teach them, they know when they someone gives them money or something, 10% is off. Their mothers taught them that. And I emphasized it. They know it is for God. But you find a big man with beard, he still doesn't know. You don't eat tithe. You don't eat tithe. How many want to have financial breakthrough this year? Even me, I want to. Don't eat t. Don't eat tithe. Give it to the Lord and give as much as you give. God will pop back to you. Giving is a tangible expression of your faith. You live right. You do everything you do. Why? Not so you can go to heaven. But you are expressing your faith tangibly. A brother sister tells you I have no dress. You don't say God feel you, God bless you, God. When you hear when you hear such a thing, immediately ask yourself, what would you want me to do? Don't think about somebody, you yourself. And then sometimes the Holy Spirit can tell you give that one that dress. And the Holy Spirit shows it to you in your closet or on your anger somewhere and that one. No, no, no, no, no. Of course, this person doesn't know. But it is in your mind. The whole battle is there no no no. And the Holy Spirit tells that one. And at least let me give this one. He says no that one. Brother, let me tell you, you are blessed. If you ever have such a revelation, don't question God. Take it and give it to them and give it to them and you will watch and see. You will watch and see. Blessings always fall. Being a pastor of a poor church is very hard. I'm teaching you how to be rich so that I can be a pastor of a rich church. Amen. Praise God. So we can give and give until we give [Music] others. Now there's a very good opportunity. A young fellowship is beginning in we told you we want chairs. Everybody's dancing. This is a big opportunity. Big opportunity. Ask yourself what Lord what do you want me to do? What can I do? What can I do? What can I do? And when God speaks to you, you will be restless. This man is for my children's school fees. Said no. Give buy it for change. God can do that. Speak that to you. When we went to look for that place, I also went by faith because God began moving on my heart. I couldn't rest. I had to just go. So I have to get this place and then the rest God will do and we have the place there where children of God can come and hear the truth being preached. tangible expressions of one's faith. And as I'm finishing, he says, "Thou believest, there is one God. Thou doest what?" The devils also they do what? They believe and they do what? So if you're a believer, how many believers do I have here? I'm one of them. The devil is one of us. He's also a believer. So believing is not a new thing. Devils have been believers even before us. Your believing must translate into tangible expressions. The devil believes everything but he lacks one thing. One thing in life the works that area is dry. But when it comes to believe, he believes, he jumps, he shakes. Brethren, let us have the life of the world. Express our faith that the devil may see us and say those are believers. Those are believers. Praise the Lord. Amen. Now I'll finish with this with the last quot that I was talking about. James 2:20. But will thou overain man that faith without works is dead? Was not Abraham our father justified by works when he had offered Isaac his son upon the altar? Seeest thou how faith wrought with his works and by works was faith made perfect and the scripture was justified which is saith. Abraham believed God and it was imputed unto him for righteousness and he was called the friend of God. Yeah. You see then how that by works a man is [Music] justified and not by faith only. Now justification means to be declared righteous. Now we are not declared righteous by faith only. But by works of the son of god in us. uh in the Ban says the term works is translated from Greek argon which refers to deeds or actions in the historical context of James's letter. These would have been understood as the tangible expressions. of one's faith. The early Christian community, particularly those with a Jewish background, would have recognized the importance of living out one's faith through actions. As seen in the teachings of the Torah and the prophets, if you have the faith of the son of God, We will see it by the works. What are the works? Not mechanical things you have tried but the tangible expressions of your faith and your faith as we have seen. It's your faith in him. [Music] which will do what will make you receive the faith of the son of God. What is your faith in him? Is the revelation when it is revealed to you? Oh, I'm a sinner. I can do without you. I need a change. Lord, fill me with the Holy Ghost. That is your faith in him. And then the faith of the son of God comes out. When it does, that one knows no limitations. Then he will begin expressing himself, the works, the character, the nature, the the works of the Holy Spirit. Some of them will be healing the sick, raising the dead. Amen. Do you believe that? As musicians, come please. These are the works of the Holy Spirit. You know, we are at a time where the world is so hungry to see a living God. I want to see a living God. I'm tired of trying. I want to see him in me, living in me, accomplishing the things he said he would do. Amen. Amen. Let us stand on our feet as we give him a clap of praise. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. [Applause] Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Has it been good to you, sir? You know, we talk about these things, but it has to come to a moment where you yourself find time with God and wrestle it out. is time for coming is just about to happen. We should do everything we can. Everything in this life, it will never satisfy. Nothing of this life will ever replace what we have done for him. The only things that you are that are eternal is what you do for the Lord. I don't know about you, but I want to live for him this year. I want to be most consecrated and I want to serve him selflessly as much as I have to live for my family, do this and that, but I want to live for the Lord Jesus and do as much as I can for the kingdom of God, for his work. That is an expression, a tangible expression. of my faith in him. I can [Music] hear my savior calling. I can hear my s calling. I can hear. [Music] Take thy cross and follow follow [Music] me where he leads me. [Music] Where you lead me, [Music] I will follow where you lead [Music] me. I [Music] I'll go with him [Music] with him. [Music] all the way. He will give me grace. [Music] He'll go with me. Give me praise and glory. He will give me He will give me praise and glory. I'll go with him. I'll go with I'll go with him. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Let's have a moment of prayer. Each one of us, a little time to just consecrate ourselves before him. You don't have to hide. He knows everything about you, but he's waiting for you to have faith in him. He's able to move your mountain. He's able to deliver you to prove himself. You don't need to do anything. Just believe him. Be ready to go all the way. Tell him, "Lord Jesus, I want to serve you this year. I want to be consecrated to you. to your work. I want to move by revelation by faith and not by sight. I want to do everything I ought to do. I want to live for you the best way I know how to. Help me, Jesus. Oh, hallelujah. [Music] [Music] She doesn't. [Music] [Music] [Music] Jesus. Jesus. [Music] [Music] [Music] Christmas Jesus I [Music] just stopping Jesus clear all my needs all my heart desires more than a You are worthy. I worship you. You are more than you [Music] are. Lord bless me. I refuse to enter it. I refuse to become a slave to it. I refuse in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus [Music] Christ, Hallelujah. I declare bless you. I refuse. I refuse. I refuse you. In the name of Jesus, it's time for you to leave. You should know because of me. Hallelujah. He's the He is the physician of all time. He is the same God right now, right? He's doing [Music] things like no. Hallelujah. I know. I know. I have I believe I believe Jesus. I believe I believe for I believe I believe. I believe Lord Jesus in the name of Jesus Christ. I believe [Music] [Music] Ius. I believe in Jesus. Oh my good friend. Oh my god. I believe you my king. I believe you. I will open my heart to you. You're speaking to my heart. teaching me, Lord, taking me deeper, Lord. I need more of you. I need more of [Music] you. Jesus Christ. [Music] God. [Music] [Music] Don't touch. Thou my everlasting portion more than friend. whole life to [Music] me. All [Music] along my pilgrim [Music] journey, Savior let me walk with thee. [Music] Close to thee. Close to [Music] thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. All alone. My pilgrim journey. Savior, lay me walk with [Music] thee. Not for it, oh worldly pleasures, not for fame, my pray shall be. Gladly will I to suffer. Only let me walk with thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. Gladly we I to suffer only lay me walk with thee. [Music] Lead me through the veil of shadows. Bear me all life's faithful se. Then the gate of life eternal. May I enter Lord with thee, close to thee, close to thee, close to thee, close to thee. Then the G of life eternal. May I enter Lord with thee, close to thee, close to [Applause] thee. Close to thee. close to thee. Then the gate of life eternal. [Music] where I am. Enter Lord with [Music] thee. Thou my everlasting portion. You are more than a friend. Oh life to me. All along my pilgrim journey. Savior, let me walk with thee. I'm praying close to thee. I'm crying close to thee. Close to thee. Close to thee. All along my pilgrim journey. Savior let me walk with thee. [Music] Yes, Lord. Hallelujah. Oh, Jesus. [Music] Thank you Jesus. [Music] Let thy words, oh my mouth, [Music] and the meditations of my heart be acceptable in the sight, oh Lord. [Music] Let the words, oh my mouth, [Music] and the meditation, oh my heart be acceptable in the sight, oh Lord. Oh Lord, my strength and my redeemer. [Music] Let thy wife, oh my mouth, and the meditation, oh my heart be acceptable in the sight, oh Lord. Oh [Music] Lord, my [Music] strength and my redeemer. Let the words of my mouth and the meditation oh my heart. Hallelujah be acceptable in thy sight oh Lord. [Music] Your [Music] presence is heaven to [Music] me. Your [Music] praise is heaven. [Music] to me. [Music] Your [Music] praise is to me. Yes, Jesus. Your praise is he to me. Who is like you Lord in all the earth? [Music] Much less love and beauty endless [Music] world. Nothing in this world will satisfy. Jesus, you're the car that one drive. Who is like you Lord in all the earth? Much less love and beauty in this world. [Music] Oh, nothing in this world will [Music] satisfy. Jesus, you're the cup that won't run dry. All power in Lord in our lives. Your presence is heaven. to [Music] me your presence. [Music] Praise is heaven to me. Your [Laughter] [Music] presence is heaven to me. You're the treasure of my heart and know my soul. In my weakness, you are [Music] merciful, redeemer of all my past and present rock. Oh, you are the holder of my future days to come. Your presence [Music] is [Applause] [Music] heaven to me. Oh Jesus is heaven. He's to [Music] me. Let us pray. [Music] Loving Jesus. We recognize your presence. [Music] Lord, I pray that anyone that needs a touch from you, may they have a touch, those who need to be filled with the Holy Spirit. Fill them, Jesus. [Music] those who have come to you the way they are saying Lord you know my life lord you know I'm not worthy but I need a loving savior to come and save me from my troubles save me from the life of sin save me Jesus we know you're still You still deliver. The same power that justified them out of the world and brought them here. That same power can sanctify them and fill them with the Holy Ghost. I pray Lord Jesus that everyone will have a touch and this will be a year of success, a year of great freedom in the Holy Ghost. Father Lord, we shall rejoice and give glory to the lamb for the lamb is worthy. The lamb is worthy. We give you praise. Honor and glory. Be with us now as we shall come back again to meet here tomorrow at 5:00 p.m. as we are going to be uh planning for the youth camp. Lord I pray that you'll come and meet us and every preparation Lord may you come and undertake. We pray Lord for all the speakers that your purpose to come that they shall come and that you will let your word be preached in power and many shall be delivered. Many shall be set free. Many shall be filled with the Holy Spirit. Father, we are under great expectation for the things you're going to do. We thank you, Jesus. Dismiss us now with your love and be with us in the service in in the evening in in Lord. Move in our lives in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother Ranas, if you can please come. God bless you saints. Uh we'll have a few people to meet and then I will be going to ENT. Please everybody be here tomorrow especially the young people and those who own the departments. Sister Stella we pray the grace of God will go with you as you go to Mark. God bless you. Amen. Uh before I sing, uh there is an announcement from the music [Music] department. Uh whoever wants to sing a special song In the youth meetings, you are requested to come and practice with [Music] them. They will be here, tomorrow, Monday and Wednesday. Yeah. you'll be able to get them and practice with them. Yeah. God bless you. Friendship with Jesus. Oh [Music] fellowship divine. Oh, what a blessed sweet communion. Jesus is a friend. Oh my, a friend of Jesus. Oh, what a bliss. Not once so vi should have a friend like these to lead me to the sky. Friendship with Jesus. Hello sheep divine. Oh what a blessed [Music] communion. Jesus is a friend. Oh my friend with other friendship. Oh our friend with others faith. A friend who gives me joy and peace. I pray when I sign pray sheep with Jesus fed Lord sheep divine. Oh, what a blessed sweetie.
