################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - 2025.07.06 - Simultaneous appearance of Our Lord Jesus Christ. Vol 2 - Neo Makgareetsa Venue.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-06
Title:    2025.07.06 - Simultaneous appearance of Our Lord Jesus Christ. Vol 2
Speaker:  Neo Makgareetsa Venue
Church:   Mamelodi Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 50m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LclauKRlxk8
========================================

Description:
Preacher:  Brother Neo Makgareetsa
Venue:   Mamelodi Tabernacle
Text: War of Armageddon (3rd World War)
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Let us bow our heads. Gracious Lord, it's a morning again and it's a gathering day, Lord Almighty. And it's the first day of the week. We are gathered here Lord Almighty having the zeal within our hearts of serving you father. That is why we start by worshiping thee, singing unto thee, raising our hands Lord Almighty, opening the way Lord Almighty in our hearts Lord in our minds, in our spirit, calling upon your greatness, Father, to look at us and see us and inviting you, Father, to Um we left our dwelling places father to come and gather together here singing this song that tells us that there will be day when we'll meet where there will be no sorrow no sickness Lord Almighty where the lion will be lying with a lamb that gives us father a longing to see that place Father, that gives us a longing to be with thee one day, Lord, to shake you with our hands and say, "Father, here we are, Lord Almighty, and to see you as you are, Father. Thank you, Father, for you've given us power to reach that place. You've given us, Lord Almighty, the greatest name, the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Father, thank you Lord Almighty for the revelation of these seven sins. Thank you father for the proper anointing Lord and the inspiration that you have given us. We are here Lord inviting you to come what once more today Lord Almighty committing Lord Almighty this tabernacle unto thee committing the preacher that will be standing behind the pull pit. committing our pastor, committing the family at large, Lord Almighty, knowing, Father, that you've made us a a perfect family. You've made us one thing, gracious, heavenly father. And standing here, Lord, saying to the devil that he has got no uh promise. We always say that the prom his promise is the lake of fire, Lord Almighty. And we're standing here, Lord, Lord Almighty, knowing what is his aim and what he intent doing, Father. And we know that we're the only one that could stand and stop him. And say to him, Lord, we are giving you devil your medicine. And your medicine is that you have no power over this church. And we are late. and to to remind him that he is late. The power that you've given us, Lord Almighty, you said you'll build your church and then the gates of hell shall not prevail against that. So Lord Almighty, we know very well that the ministry that you have given us closes everything. The devil is laid. The book is now in the hands, Lord Almighty. and our names are already in the book. There's nothing that he can do. He can try by all means. There's nothing that he will do. Father, we committing ourselves unto thee. We say take control this morning once again. We are here. Look at our hearts. Look at our minds. Look, look at our presence. We know Lord Almighty with the power that you've given us, Lord. We are always Lord Almighty. And we know that you are always in season. There's never was a time that you you miss the course, Lord. Thank you, Father. We pray now that as you are continuing, we'll be having some testimonies. We having some songs, Lord Almighty, that brings you to that Lord that gives us your glory, gracious Lord, and that enhance us, Lord Almighty. Enhance also yourself, Father. Thank you Lord for we pray calling upon the precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen and amen. [Applause] I want to be ready. [Music] I want to be ready. I want to be [Music] with you to walk in Jerusalem. [Music] Just like John, [Music] I want to be ready. Oh Lord, I want to be ready. I want to be ready to walk in Jerusalem just like John. Three gates to the north. Three gates to the south. Three gates to the east. Three gates to the west. 12 gates to the city. 12 gates to the city. [Music] to keep children just my joy. [Applause] [Music] Okay. [Music] We read of a place that's called heaven. [Music] It's made of the pure and the free. his truths in God's word he has given. [Music] How beautiful heaven must be. The angels so sweetly I see betrayals and favor failures destroyed. All pain and no suffering for God and allies will be turning to joy. How beautiful heaven must be. See all of the happy and free [Music] heaven of rest for for the weary. [Music] How beautiful heaven must be. The children were playing without sadness. [Music] The worm will dance with our feet. Yes. The man will walk tall with all [Music] the light, peace and love will be there. How beautiful. How beautiful heaven must be. Sweet home on the happy and free. F of rest for the weary. How beautiful heaven must be. Sing with us. How beautiful heaven must be. How beautiful heaven must be. [Music] See all the happy and free [Music] of rest for the weary. How beautiful heaven must be. [Applause] [Music] [Music] Greetings saints in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. I was listening to the songs as they follow. Brother Muzi starting with the new Jerusalem 12 gates, three on each side and there follows with a song about heaven. So as we are longing for that city, there are battles that we are fighting. Ours is to trust Guluru has done the job for us. He has won the war for us. Of course, there'll be services of battles that we'll fight but September because he gave a promise that I will not leave you comfortless but I will send you the comfort and he will be with you until the end of time. So as we fight, as we forge on, the promise is there. Individually we have we are fighting battles. We as we are gathered here in this place [Music] in this tabernacle individually But you know God is faithful. God is faithful and he is through him. It is through him because of what he has done. So the song says, "I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk this narrow way. For the hand of God, they know my life I see." [Music] And the reason for me please yes the secret all is this that the comfort abides with me for he abides he abides he abides he abide Halleluah with me. I'm rejoice in night and day as I walk this way for the comfort. abides with me. He abides. He abides. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. Hallelu. He abides with me. [Music] I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the road. Oh, they comfort [Music] with me. He is with me everywhere and he knows my every care and I am happy as ever and just as free for the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul since their comforter abides with me. For he abides, he abides. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. Halleluah. with me. I'm rejoicing. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk away for the comfort. One more time. For he abides. He abides. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing. I rejoice in God as the rockers are away for our [Music] [Applause] [Music] hallelujah. He abides with me. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing the same song as the elder when we come into the four. Amen. I'm rejoicing night and day. I rejoiceing night and day as I walk in for he might be abide. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] I walk away for comfort. [Music] [Applause] Saints, I greet you all this morning in the wonderful name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. I believe we are all happy again this morning. It's good always to be in the presence of the Lord. Amen. Amen. I just want also to greet Baralia, our sister churches. Not forgetting our believers who are streaming all over, we believe that whatever it is that they are looking for, they will find it again this morning. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's go through to our prayer request as we are asking our brother just to lead us. with a song and then we'll go through our prayer request and I will ask there to come and pray for us and not forgetting the tithes and offering that has came through. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Happy [Music] [Music] Wonderful. to [Music] sing Baba testimony. I'm Greater is he that is in us than the one who is in the world. This is permanent sickness. Fore speech. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So we are going to our thanksgiving this morning to see what the Lord has done. Amen. Amen. [Music] What we waited for has come to pass. See what is [Music] the Lord. See what [Music] we come to pass. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We are going to our visitors. Our brother will just take us through pastor Matthews fromu. Pastor Matthews from our precious pastor is he here. Oh pastor God bless you. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's good to have the pastor this morning and God bless you so much. Amen. Hallelujah. Again, we have Eldan Sappo and family fellowshipping under Pastor Jali from Deon. We'll request that they stand to their feet. Yes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. God bless you my brother and the family at the balcony there. God bless you. Amen. [Applause] And we have sister M's niece. Where are they? Welcome sister. God bless you. Amen. We have Maku. Oh, my brother at the balcony. Welcome. Welcome. God bless you. Amen. And then lastly, we have Sister Pisa and her two daughters from Shangu. Are they here? Hallelujah. God bless you, sister and your daughters. God bless you. Amen. Do we have maybe some um visitors who are here who we didn't list them? Probably somehow if they are here if they can stand up so that we can welcome them. Shout out my brother. God bless you. You're welcome. You are welcome. Amen. Anyone else? We like to thank the Lord. Amen. Amen. Let's go to our baptism. We will request that he stand. Shalom my brother. God bless you. Hallelujah. Yes. From where are you? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. And again, there God bless you from our sister there. Amen. Amen. Amen. If there's also somebody who needs to be baptized, you can do it. That is the right decision to take. Our in the house. They can assist you and you can join other believers. Amen. We've got the upcoming uh events. Okay, we are being reminded about the wedding in Malawi. I believe that brethren who are going to Malawi, they had a meeting already and they are busy preparing. Amen. And God bless them and God bless everyone who will be there. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Um, we've got announcement there. Can you read it, my brother? It reads, "Please use the following numbers when contacting and sending a request to the pastor." Yama is from It's for Elder Massi, which is 08294580. And then the second one is 0722116595. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So use those numbers. So you can be able to be assisted anymore. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So do we have any greetings from from the US? We don't have. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But we can always greet them. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We've got our elder and our elder. We can say all of us, God bless you. God bless you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We know that they are always with us. Whenever we are here, I understand they wake up very very early in the morning and we like to thank the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So, we just want to bring this um to the attention of our brethren. We are being reminded that please let us use our our church link. Yes. Those who can be able to submit their prayer request [Music] and their thanksgiving. Please do that in time. In fact, I will ask our brothers there just to understand that what time is the cutting so we can announce that. Amen. And those who cannot they are free to come to us to submit their request. But please let's do that in in time because we are closing at 9:30 so that we can uh respect the quiet time. We also want to be here inside but because we are trying to assist them sometimes we end up coming late and that is not right. So we are requesting we are still in the time where we need to respect time. Amen. Amen. We are going to eternity. There won't be time there. Amen. Amen. God bless you all. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So this morning we uh the pastor has requested our brother our chairperson. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. To be behind the pullpit this morning. And we also believe that God will use him again this morning. Are we all ready for the word? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can we sing my brother our song? Then we will welcome our elder. God bless you. of the angel when he begin to sound mystery [Music] of God should be finished as He has declared to the prophet, "Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the great and dreadful And he shall tell the heart of the fathers to their children and the heart of the children to their fathers. [Music] th I come. [Music] I come in and smile with [Music] Holy Ghost. Holy Ghost we will come with power with power. [Music] Holy Ghost, [Music] Holy Ghost welcome. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. As I greet you all in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. We are all happy this morning for sure and may God richly bless you. I'm just standing in the gap this morning and you know I'm very much brief when coming to preach. Amen. Amen. So we are going straight to the word of God. But I I love this song. We have he carries his own but I'm challenging too. You go and revisit the song because now we carry him. Amen. Now we carry him. I don't know how you're going to make it. But when you want him is in us. Amen. We are carrying him. Amen. He is using our body. But for today we are swall Amen. We are king. [Music] Holy [Music] Holy. I'm a holy [Music] holy. I'm a holy. I'm a holy situ. [Applause] [Music] [Music] St. [Music] Holy [Music] as we bow our head. Gracious and eternal father, we want to thank you this morning. Amen. For giving us the breath of life. Amen. Many would love to see this day by they couldn't. Yes. Because of the reason you know you knew the day will be born. You knew the day that we'll depart from this earth. So Lord God this morning as we are still living we appreciate each and every piece of our life that you have given unto us. Amen. You protected us from our homestead to this service not to be against thy word but to listen to you and we believe Lord God you will speak to our heart in a special way. Yes Lord God we are going to read a portion of the scripture. May you bless and everything Lord God put me under your blood. Amen. And my precious brother harvest. Yes sir. As we are standing behind the pullpit, Amen. We are just going to usher what you have given unto us. Amen. Bless each and every individual this morning, Lord God. All the spirit that are against thy weight, they must go back to hell where they belong. For this is the holy place. We love you so much. You have been carrying us all along. Amen. But we are glad today to announce to the entire world that now you are in us. Amen. Lord God, we do not forget our pastor. He was always behind this pit many years. He will still come and teach us. Yes. For the end is nigh. We love you and we put everything Lord God. Amen. into your hand in the mighty name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. And those that are healed are sick this morning. Touch them Lord with the touch of the master's hand. May they be whole. Those who are afflocated Lord God they have burdens in our life in our in their life. This is the time when they enter this place and they will go home happily saying the Lord has spoken to us. Our conscience are clear. Our hearts are full of joy because you cannot enter this church and go home the same. Amen. There should be a change and transformation in your life. We love you once more, Lord God, as we put everything unto your capable hand in the name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Let's open our Bible, the book of Revelation 8 only verse 13. Amen. Revelation 8:3. And I beheld and heard an angel flying through the midst of heaven, saying with a loud voice, who who to the inhabitants of the earth by raisin of the other voices of the trumpet of the three angels which are yet to sound. Amen. You may be seated. uh won't take much of your time, but we are at church to speak about our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. When you come to church, you listen to the word uttered first, then the entire message until to the end. then you can have the understanding. Without that, you won't understand. Amen. Amen. So take this scripture that we just read and connect with the other verses, take the the code that has been read and connect with other quotes, then you understand. Amen. Amen. Chapter 9 verse 12. Verse 12. Amen. Revelation chapter 9:12. One who is passed and behold there come two who more hereafter. Amen. Amen. Chapter 11. Revelation 11 verse 14. Verse 14. The second W is passed and behold the third W cometh quickly. Amen. Amen. Chapter 16. Revelation chapter 16. Verse 16. Verse 16. And he gathered them together into a place called in the Hebrew tongue Armageddon. Amen. Amen. That's what we're going to talk about this morning. Continuing from the previous message we spoke about about the simultaneous appearance of our Lord Jesus Christ. We were focusing on Gog and Magog looking at what is happening today. Now today we will speak about the war of Armageddon. is the continuity. Amen. Amen. So that's our message today because uh brother Brennham will was teaching us you know the pastor is always teaching us that always speak about this the you know the sequence of events showing you that we were there now we are here the next will be there until we go on eternity. So I love to do some researches of what is happening. I mean in my time uh I love to do some researches what is happening in the world and check what the Bible says and check what the brother said and then you will definitely know in the time you are living in. Amen. Amen. The war of Armageddon is something that will happen is something that other people speak about it but others do not have the understanding but we have we thank God because we know better. When the seals were open we started to see clearly. Amen. Amen. So now when we were talking about G and it's it's a war not the world war no but it's war when Russia will be fighting there in Israel it's only that is and brother Brenham says watch the king of the north watch Russia It start and ends there but another war will come war of Armageddon. That's what we'll talk about today. Let's read what brother Brennham says from the fourth seal. He says now the battle started in heaven. Do you understand? Amen. it it will be finished on earth in the form of meaning the angelic war become the natural war. Amen. Amen. Now let's watch and see it unfold. And maybe we can unfold it if the Lord help us right now to do this now. So watch it unfold. Amen. Amen. That was brother in 1963. Now today is 2025. We see it happening. right in our heart. Amen. Amen. Raising Jar's daughter's daughter, brother Brennham says, "Did you hear the new cast tonight? Did you read your newspaper? The whole world is in a tumor on the Swiss canal canal. There's a third world war coming up, an atomic war. And while she's brewing, what can happen? It lays in who shoot the first atomic bomb. Do you understand? Something is happening. Many places are hottest it ever been in that time. Why? Their atomic bomb has already got this world moving from its orbit into the sun. It's like God said it will be Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother Brenham says, "Did you hear the new cast tonight? Did you read the newspaper? If you don't listen to the news, if you don't read the newspaper, you won't know." Amen. Amen. But if you read and compare with the coach and with the Bible, you will definitely know because what we are talking about this morning are the things that are happening in our eyes. So we know because when we read our newspaper, we check what the Bible says, then we started, we start to know. Uh then what come now? Luke when I think of this, my heart jumps. Now he said, "Hold the four winds until in other words we seal the servant of God of our God in their forehead. The seventh the seventh the Jews." John 10 and say I seen 140,000 sealed away 140,000. Now the wind all started in they would have covered the earth until the battle of Armageddon would have took place in the first world war. Brother says but amen. Amen. Do you read the Bible? It speaks about three ws the first one has happened. The two remaining. Amen. Amen. God could have finished the world in the first world war but he couldn't because two wars must come. So the the first world war came and other countries raised the flag saying to the world we have won. So there were winners in the first world war but millions of people were dead. Amen. Amen. I think it was between 1914 to 1918. And then comes the second world war that started in 1939 and finished in 1945. Certain countries raised the flag and said we have won. Amen. Amen. meaning we dominated the entire world. Now the Bible speaks about the third wam speaks about the third world war. Then he said on the third world war. Amen. Amen. Is the quote I read but I will read it again for your understanding. The whole world is in a tumor on the Swiss canal. There's a third world war. That third world war is an atomic war. The atomic war to be honest with you this morning, there's no winner. It's an atomic war. It finished the entire world. If the first and the second they were winners, but the third there's no winner because the the the atomic bomb ballistics missile it has been built for their own destruction. Israel. Israel fought Iran. Let me just give you small background. Iran is the old patient. Now what happened or the relationship between Iran and Israel in the olden days? God allowed Nebuchadnezzar to strike Israel and take them for captivity again. Amen. Then they stayed there. You remember the story of Daniel and they were in captive and God allowed it. while Nebasar was there. Amen. Amen. The Iranians of today being the patients, the me and the patient, they invaded Babylon. When they invade Babylon, they captured people from Babylon. And the Israelites were there as well. And they stayed in Persia being the Iran of today. I'm taking you somewhere. Just go with me. Amen. When the Israelites are in Iran, they studied Iran, if there is a nation that is wise today, even in the olden days is Israel. But God said today, when you go to captive, don't show them that you are able to do this and that. Just tell them you are the shepherd of the sheep. But when you look at the test today, the most intelligent scientist in the entire world are Jewish people. The most richest people in the world are are Jewish people. So when they are in Iran, they study Iran. and they hold strategic positions. The king of Babylon relied on Daniel right there. Now when they get to I mean Persia being Iran of today they still on that position that God has given them in the government. I was checking how they killed the scientist in Iran and the commanders in Iran in one night. That thing you look at your naked eye. It's impossible. But the Israelites did it because they studied a nation and they strike. And when they strike You will feel it. Many of you do not know. I was studying the Jewish community. I want to tell you that nation has built the world. This world, you like it or not is owned by that small nation. You in South Africa, you call the white people the buas, the farmers. Did you know that those people are Jewish? You didn't know Jewish built South Africa. Speak was built by the Jewish. Those farmers, the fun The rubbert, the ghostain, the borders are Jewish name. Go and check them. Those farms. You just saw Mr. Speaking Africans, go and praise him is a Jew. Amen. Amen. So if South Africa can try to strike them, they won't in government is them. You know, Tony Leon is a Jew. TA party was formed by the Jew. Amen. Try them. You will see. the president of Ukraine. It's a Jew. You go to America. Joe, he's a Jew. You go to London stock exchange. Stock exchange. London owned by the Jews. You go to America. The stock exchange. Stock in New York owned by the Jewish. You come to South Africa stock exchange owned by the Jews. You go to Germany. The reason why Hitler started the war and killed those people is because of the Jewish. He said to the Germans, "These people are taking over our country. We need to eliminate them. You can kill their body, their spirit, but their souls are the Jewish undo them. So the world is owned by the Jewish. You like it or not, you go to Africa, you go to Europe, go to America, go to Britain, is there. Amen. Amen. But it's just a small country. That is why the Gog and Magog will be fighting there. That is why the Armageddon will start there. Amen. Amen. Now let's go again. So those uh people are the people of God, the nation of God. You like it or not, God has chosen like us. God chose us. He's not going to judge the world through Roman Catholic Church or Baptist or faith mission but by his way and we are his way. So he's going to judge the world with us. You you like it or not. Amen. Amen. I think it was in 1992. I was with my uncle. I didn't I couldn't differentiate between the American the but when I was with uncle we're coming from using the taxi then in park station then my uncle was like he said he said let me get two brand Then we walk around to an inspect. Then we enter the shop saying bring him what? You know them those pulas. Then he get in. He found a friend. Then he said to white men, I need this friend. Then he he said yes. you saw the price you can pay. Then my uncle said, "Yes, I see it, but I want to negotiate a little bit." And that Jewish man, but I didn't know I was a Jewish, but he said to my uncle, if you don't pay that price, try next door. I was listening said, "What's happening now? Because when coming to money they know it and they don't compromise. If a Jew person said I need a,000 you have 999 rand. They don't compromise. [Music] That is the nation that God has put. That's what God put us in the bride. Do not compromise when coming to the word of God. Do not compromise. But go to the Indian shop, you will you will negotiate and negotiate and negotiate. You will end up getting it for free. not with a Jew. Amen. Amen. So now the war that we are heading to the third world war is atomic. the atomic bombs or the atomic missile. They just set them from the office and you know look at the Google map and they can say strike mood the entire Lord within 5 minutes and no one can survive. That's how they do it. If you are not sure about this, look at your cell phone. Your own cell phone is here in South Africa. When you cross the border of it's cut off. Did you ever ask yourself why there's no fence? There's nothing. But it says you are in another country. Cut off. Those people they they know what they're doing. Amen. Amen. The atomic bomb, they just like that. They set them for a certain destination and they will do their job and that's all. The neighboring city will be unharmed. But if the target is m going to hit the target. So I was checking while I'm doing some researches about this. So I've heard the Bible is truthful. Brother Brenham is truthful because of the following. They say when I was checking Russia has got many missiles than any other country. They have nuclear bombs than any other country. They even give numbers but I don't think they are precise. They give you they give you what you want to give you because in the military language Don't expose yourself to the fullest. They say Russia has got 5,880 nuclear bombs. 5,880 nuclear bombs. They are there underground. Amen. Followed by USA, USA, China, China, France, UK. They they come on like that. Did you ever ask yourself what are those things for? [Music] Amen. Amen. Those things are the ones that will suffocate the entire world. Amen. Amen. They are there waiting for the time. And I repeat, they won't go as long as the bride is still here. You see the power that you have, you stop. I mean, you know, have you ever seen Putin when he walks the people normally say they will say that? They will look at him, his bodyguard holding the bag. No one knows what is inside there. But when Donald Trump talk smile and say start, you will never finish but actually be holding his back with that kind of a walk. The world we are living in is on another level is coming to an end. Signs and wonders are telling us. Amen. Amen. Because when the European country want to say something about Russia, Putin will just say with a smile. No, you can start and make sure you will finish it. Amen. Amen. Something is about to happen. Amen. Amen. So the the first world war, the second world war passed and there were casuality. One of the rules in the army when you go to war, you don't kill children or elderly people or women. You just kill men. But if it's a serious war, you kill a child, you kill a woman, you kill elderly people and justify it. Some other rules are there for the sake of rule when things are happening. put them aside because other country they use women they use kids to fight. Let's see what brother Brennham says well uh the question and answers Someone was asking question to brother Bren wanting to know what is happening. He said the church age ending and has black out. The bride is called. We have already entered into tribulation period is a question. Brother says no no no. I wish I could have just more time on that. The bride. Amen. The bride when she's taken from the church, then the church age will cease. Laia goes into chaos. The bride goes into glory. The tribulation set in in upon the sleeping vision three and a half years while Israel is getting its prophecy when the tribulation set in upon Israel and then comes the battle of Armageddon. which destroy everything. Within three and a half years, things will happen. Gog and Mog is at the beginning of the three and a half years. Armageddon is at the end of three and a half years because now we are going to another level. When we have raptured from rapture we go after going we go and we are gone. We are going somewhere is the message of another day. Today I want to talk about this war. Amen. Amen. Victory Day is a a quote victory. We talk about we have several wars. The wars and the rumors of war and the V days and V days and it will finally went up into the great battle of Armageddo. That will be the last of it. When she come to the battle of Emo that settled the whole thing just before the millennium or after the battle of Armageddon is the millennium. Armageddon is to clean off the earth. She purified herself with this atomic blowing and the volcanic ash. And the thing sings this soaked blood of men [Music] and upon the earth and sin and crime. He sinks beneath the earth and the volcanic breaks out again and renew and cleans the earth for the great millennium. Amen. Amen. So millennium when it comes it must find earth clean and the only thing that can clean the earth is the war of Armageddon. What is the war of Armageddon when the world is at war? The entire world. Well, previously I was preaching here about the stage of Nepadness. Right at the bottom there is iron and clay. Iron and clay is America and Russia. That means there at the end the last war that we have shall be America and Russia. Now, brother Brenham says the eastern country is we will get people or other nation to back them up. The western country will have another nation back them this time. There's no neutral country. Amen. Amen. Maybe uh President Ramaposa is streaming because last time I said South Africa is neutral but last week I was reading he says I'm pro Iran. Yeah. Amen. Because you don't need to be neutral. Amen. Amen. Other countries will rally behind America. other countries will rally behind Russia and brother says in his vision I saw communism Russia swallowing everything that is why it has more missile and atomic and nuclear bomb than any other nation. Amen. Amen. It is the world we are living in. So the third world war is no neutral country. Those that follow the communism will rally behind Russia. Those that follow America will will rally behind Russia. And there's war. America is not going to win that war. Russia is not going to win that. NATO country is not going to win that war. But it will be the end of everything. A question again to brother. Just listen as we go. Would you please explain how Satan is bound thousand years but loosed again for the battle of Revelation 208. 28 brotherham respond and say that is not battle of Armageddon. The battle of Armageddon takes place on this side on this world. And when the tribulation period is ended, meaning right at the end of three and a half years of tribulation of rapture of Revelation 11, then Armageddon will come. At least you know where we are right now when they are still talking. They are just preparing to fight Israel there in the mountain of Megiddon. That is not Armageddon. That is not the final war. But the final war is when the entire world is involved. Amen. Amen. Amen. The 70th week of Daniel, 70th week of Daniel, listen to brother Brennham, brother. He said, "And oh, watch this." Two prophets when they raise up here in the middle of the week, they cut off like that and then start the battle of Armageddon. Then God begin to speak himself. Then he stand and begin to fight. And that prophet are striking the earth. They are preaching the name of Jesus Christ. They are baptized in the same way. They are doing the same thing that the first Pentecostal fathers did and many following them. You know the 70th week of Daniel, Christ was cut off was supposed to preach seven years but he preached three and a half years so that the gentile can come in. When the gentile dispensation of that remaining three and a half years will come in to make seven years and the bride will be gone within that time of the cut off all these wars should happen and one of them is the war of Armageddon. If you see the war of Armageddon, you must know that is Christ coming again to his nation Israel. Israel, do you see it? Yes. Amen. The Bible says the whole earth it is of God and all everything in it. And God made sure that every continent should participate in this world, in the Bible, in his ministry. That is why you will see Christ Jesus when he was born, he will come to Egypt and go back. The Jews will be scattered in the entire world. That is the plan of God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Now listen to this. Israel where it's situated now we call it Middle East right there in the Middle East. That's where things start. Amen. Amen. And up there we have Russia and China. The communist countries. They have a part that they are going to play right here in the word of God to execute what God has done. Amen. Amen. We have America, we have Europe, we have Africa. What is happening? I will show you. Amen. If you write a novel or a play. That thing is in your mind. You put it in a book form. Then you want the people to play what was in your mind. Amen. I'll give you an example. those that look at the service. Amen. So now they will tell you that they've seen this today but they want to see what will happen tomorrow and what will happen tomorrow. You not knowing, you find yourself looking at death, not knowing what will happen next. But the writer has closed the book, he knows already what will happen after this and after this. Amen. Amen. If they can point a gun at someone, then you don't know whether he's been shot or not. You will love to look at the story tomorrow. so that you can see the end of what is happening. Then that's how the devil did that to pull you to look at that and forget about the word of God because the other people they don't sleep at night when they get to work the following day. But we don't know where that guy. I want to look at that today. They just put you on suspense. and unsuspend and until Amen. Amen. But the writer knows what will happen. God has right this play. He knows what will happen next. What will happen? But the players don't know. Oh, we thank God this morning. When God planned, we were part of the plan. That is why we know every move. We know how this world. We know how this world will come to an end. We know how this plague will come to an end because we were with him. We can tell them what has happened before the foundation of the world. what has happened in the garden of Eden and the world do not know but brother Brham stood behind the pool and tell them there was a serpent there and the scientists of the world they don't know amen now God put Russia there put UK there put Europe there put America there put Africa there and he look at the entire globe and look at the plague he wrote because God is a good planner. Listen to this. He started everything there in the Middle East. He started this church ages with Paul the apostle. He started preaching there and the other apostle. Then that thing in the Middle East come to an end. Is it the end of the word of God? No. He left Middle East and went to Germany. Do you know that? Amen. When he get to Germany, he found Martin Lu. The word of God fell in the heart of Martin Luther in Europe. Germany when he speak the entire world She listen. When Martin Luther's time come to an end, was it the end of God? No. God said, "Europe, it's okay. Let me go and continue with my play." He went to England, United Kingdom, right in the heart of John Wesley. Then when Wesley speak, the entire world We listen. It was God in moving from Middle East to Germany, from Germany to England. From England, he flyed to America. When he get to America, he found the man by the name of brother Brenham and he became his prophet. Then when brother Brenham talk, the entire world must listen. He is the prophet of God. And he said to the world, I preach like Paul. Paul is the prophet of the first church age. He is the prophet of the last church age. And brother Brham says is the end of everything because the seventh seal was open. When brother Brham come to an end, is God looking at the plague? when he's looking at this play continentally. Then brother Brenham come to an end. He said now when the Laudian church age when the entire church ages come to an end the message must go back to Israel where things started they will end there. Then God said yes. But there's one continent that I learn is Africa. Amen. Amen. Amen. God cannot complete this journey of the continent without Africa. the continent that the inhabitants belittle themselves not knowing how powerful they are. Africa is the only continent in the world that sustain the entire world. I'm saying the only content some of many of the minerals you cannot find in Russia but Russia is the largest continent you can find them in America but America is the super power country you can't find them in Europe Africa is the only country that has everything then brother Benham come to Africa Because God was in he and when he come to Africa, he come to South Africa and that means South Africa. Because brother Brenham was here preaching to the people South Africa tell the world. Amen. Speak to the world. Amen. Amen. When this message come to South Africa, it find our pastor. I will never stop saying that. I will never stop saying that. If one criticize me for saying that I'm here challenge me because the ministry of the seven seal it came to our pastor no other man can say them. The reason why brother came to Africa knew that when this message is here in the right heart will go to the entire world. I want to tell you this morning this is the revival of Africa after this. The message is not going to any other country back to the Middle East. [Applause] Right there in the Middle East where things started ended. I remember brother Brenham the other day he was preaching and here comes a prayer line. When the parent come look at the child was a black child was an African child. Brother prayed and said Lord this child is innocent. When I look at him I remember his great great great great grandfather who carried the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ. Lord God, you are obliged. healed this child because of his great great great father who carried the cross of brother Brennham came to Africa and South Africa let me tell you the thing you didn't know here in Ptoria as they were driving him one of the white farmers or bulk of that time almost hit a person, a black person with a gun. Brother Brenham said, "Stop, stop, stop. It's a human being." And that man said, "No, it's not a human being." Brother Brenham said to him, "Do you know whom you are talking to?" [Music] Amen. He said always brother Benham he came here and the the the the the previous regime rejected he when they rejected him he went back but he was always saying Africa. Amen. Amen. He knew very well because he said to that white man, these people souls and the day they catch it, they will go with it. Let me tell you this morning, he was talking to us. He was referring to us. We caught what America do not have. I don't know the surname of that man was or what he was interpreting in Africans when brother Brenham was preaching in English and brother Brenham doesn't know African but the Holy Ghost said to brother Brenam tell this man he's not interpreting [Applause] brotherham turn around to his interpreter. He said, "I interpret what I'm saying. Do not interpret what I'm saying. Because this man has realized that I can't stand for this. It was not for him. It was for us. When brother Brham come to Africa, he came for us brother. [Applause] world for them to survive. They better listen to Africa, not just Africa, South Africa, not just South Africa. Mommy, Lord, Lord, because God has put that in our heart. When everything come to an end from this church, it goes back to Israel. You can go and tell them after service is not a problem brothers out there preaching this word of God they got it from here [Applause] more than 80% of the pastors 80% if they are not ordained from here but they got the message from Challenge me. I will give you the answers. This was a play that God wrote. He said Russia everything will be finished by you just stay there. Brother says Russia is the tool in the hand of God. Then he said, "Israel, you are my nation. I start here. I will end everything here. But let me just go to Germany. Go to Britain. Go to America. Come to Africa. Then I will go back to Amen. Amen. I was listening to um who's that lumumba professor I was listening to him then he said Africa Africa are the international beggars he said wake up you have everything if naturally they fail let's not fail spiritually Now what I have no one can challenge me coming from America coming from Europe coming from Russia what God has put in my heart I will stand for it [Applause] that is why I don't fight for diamond for gold, titanium, titanium or platinum platinum. No, no. Is the natural resources that God has made me a supernatural being so I will have a supernatural ingredients for the resources. Don't be scared. No. You are so special. The world is on hold because of you. God has put this ministry in us. The moment we baptize the last sheep, message go back to Israel. We will be raptured. And it's true because brother Brandham says we are no longer In the church age, we are in the bright age. We are sealed. We are untouchable. The one that used to report us before God, he can't. We are sealed. [Applause] [Music] Don't be scared. Don't Amen. Amen. This is a time for Africa. Wake up. You have what America does not have. I've heard I've seen in Brenham they don't preach. Here we preach because that's what brother said the Joshua will lead you through. That's why we have Joshua to lead us through. We preach the present and the future. Notice they they they are right now uniting. You see brother is that true? Yes. They are coming to the battle of Emagedo. Exactly what they will do. They are uniting for that right now. That's why we got United Nation and everything we have. the world I mean the western world uniting against the eastern world the communism and so forth it's all uniting together the churches are uniting everything seems to be uniting uniting themselves together we see that if the world is uniting the west and the east. What about the bride? God is uniting the bride. She is coming together from the east and the west and the north and the south. There is uniting tie and that's on right now. What is she uniting for? For the rapture. God getting her ready. Yes sir. Amen. Uniting. What is she uniting with? With the word. For all heavens and earth will pass away. But my word shall never pass away because we are the way. In the beginning there was a way. The word was with God. The word was God. The word made flesh. We are the flesh today. We are the word today because the way bring forth the way. God bring forth am God who you are today. Amen. Amen. She's uniting herself with that says the Lord. Regardless what any denomination, anybody else, she is uniting herself. She's getting ready. Why? She is a bride. If the world is uniting, we are uniting. Our uniting is on a spiritual level. is not on the natural level. On the natural level is chaos. Someone can love you today and hate you tomorrow. That's on the natural level. But on the spiritual level, first love from eternity today. Can I just be honest with you this morning? Amen. Amen. Life is about war. Revelation 12 said there was a war in heaven. If there was a war in heaven, who are we here on earth? And brother says, the war that was in heaven will be finished here and everything will come to an end. And the war of Armageddon And do not be scared to be hated by people. Do not be scared if they love you. What are they going to give? I have this angle of mind. He has money. He buy beer for our ny cousin and even if he talk rubbish. [Music] Amen. He has a bottle of Jack Daniels in the boot. He's going to give them. They love him. But now the man is finished. He has headache all day long. Where are those people? They didn't love him. They wanted what he had. The love of God is unconditional. If there was a war in heaven, there will be war here on earth. For our Lord Jesus Christ said, I did not come with peace. I come with war. The in-laws in will fight. Husband and wife will fight. Siblings will fight. Colleagues will fight. Church members will poison one another for the positions. Thank you because you are quiet. [Music] But you are fighting because here on earth is the place of fight. You disagree with me, I disagree with you, you fight because we are at war. The world is at war. Don't live a compromised life. God has made us special. God has made us unique. Amen. Amen. But life is about fighting. And the English saying we disagree to agree and agree to disagree. But God is building his pride. He's building his bride. One of the days we are gone. Let's read. Amen. Now here they are joining themselves together. When I read here he say they are joining themselves together. Even us we are joining ourselves together. coming to that showdown in Armageddon and riding on a mixed colored horse [Music] with one horse of white, one horse of red, one horse of black. The different political power, spiritual power controlled by the demon power which is antichrist. Mixing that all together, he got pale. Sickly looking thing he's riding on. That's right. Now notice. Look what he's riding on. This pale looking colored walls mixed with black. red, white, coming into battle, gathering his subject from every nation under heaven. The world we are living in is is something that God want, the devil want. Now at the end one will show if he's on this side or the other side. You know why there when there was a war in heaven one showed if he's that side this side this morning we will show ourselves whether we were on the side of Michael or on the side Lucifer something that you cannot hide. Amen. You know Pharaoh, he went several time to Moses. Moses pray for me. I don't want all these plagues. Moses even if you can pray and feel for him because they grew up together didn't help him. God said, "I God." You see, you hear that? I God hardened the heart of Pharaoh. Who are you? Is your prayer going to work? No. Your prayer is not going to work because God did that. I God hardened the heart of Hitler. Are you going to let Hitler to repent? I God hardened the heart of Nebuchadnezzar. Are you going to make him repent? The Iranian caught Israel from Babylon. Then Babylon was shattered. Then Iran took over. The Israelites were inside there. Amen. Amen. One of the kings used the utensils from the you know the church of God the temple of God then God strike him. Even if even if you pray for that individual you will not save what what am I trying to tell you? If you pray for someone to get healed to be out of his problem, it was God directing you to do things. If God didn't want them, it will never happen. That is why you don't go around telling the people how proud you are. You can pray for the sick. You can't. It's God. using you. God used to punish Israel. God used Russia to punish Israel is at the right time raise and say you cannot touch my nation and I leave you alone. You cannot touch the anointed one and I will leave you alone. What am I trying to tell you brothers and sisters? This mind or the thought of God was in him and he completed it. After completed it, he opened and roll it all. When he is rolling them on, there's nothing that can be edited. It was a complete job. Today we are part of God. He thought about us. We are here because we are the thought of God express. We are his attribute. He chose us to be the last to finish this course. Amen. Amen. That is why Our continent is so blessed. We know what the world doesn't know. We have what the world doesn't have because God chose us to be like them. Even if they mock you that you think like you're short hair, they don't know. I'm not scared. Amen. Amen. Because I know myself. One of the white guy said to me, "You you it seems like you are rich. There are more than that way. But in my bank is overdraft. My father, God is rich. Everything belongs to him. Then he started to look at me and started to hate me. And I said to him of what I have. I just took from the millions I have. Why are you working? I work because I need to work. Just pushing time. Soon I'll be going to glory. [Applause] Brothers and sisters, you are rich. God who rich in mercy is your father. One of the days, God said to his disciple, if these people are looking for test, go to the river, the first fish you catch, open it is money, give it to them. He's rich, but he doesn't go all over the place. He create money. Brother Brenham saw the well of oil. And if he could identify that and tell it to the people was supposed to be the wealth for his entire life and his generation. But brother Brennham said or God said to him if you get that activate it you will mess up in the word of God. There are certain things that God does not expose to us to save us. we can be exposed. We won't be here this morning because another German lady while I was working with her then she found me praying for food. Then when I say amen, she said to me, why are you praying for food? You know, to thank God. Thank God for what? But he gave me food. He gave me work. He said, "No, you work for that food. Just open and eat." Brother Brenham thought he knows better. But one day God showed him that you are my prophet, but you know nothing. He wanted to go home while the snow was coming. He was in the wood. So he run and run. When he was running and breathing heavily, thinking approach home, he was where he was. He tried again and he was where he was. Then God said to him, "I am the one who's given direction in your life. You better listen to me." Brother Brennan thought he knows how to fish. But one of one of the days he couldn't catch. He was surprised. And God comes to him. He said, "I teach you how to catch. I direct the fish to your line." Amen. Amen. Then God said to him, "Throw the L." He catch the small. He catch the medium. He said to him, "Throw deeper." When he throw deeper, go direct big fish. He catch the big fish. After catching the big fish, he said that is the third pool. What is the third pool? Is the seventh seal. The seven seal is when God leave the ivory of heaven come down to kept the seven church and the dead field. We are just here playing this game of of being here in Africa in South Africa in Lord when he's completed it goes back to Israel where things have started and that is the end of the world. The war of Armageddon is when Russia said to America, holy God, it is enough. Amen. Amen. Now is the time and the time. It's now Brennham says here, it depends who threw the first one. Amen. Amen. When this one through that one through, remember Israel, Germany, Germany, UK, UK, France, America, Russia, you name them, they all have this atomic nuclear. Yes. Let me show them. Then they show each other. When they show each other, it was the end of everything. No one is going to survive. There's no survivor. In the war of Armageddon, the third world war, there's no survivor. All the missiles. They will be shooting all over the world. There will be chaos. People will be dying. The the very responsible people that made the shooting will die. You remember the soldiers that put Shhatrach in the furnace? They died. But Shadrach, Michigan. They didn't die. God preserved them. Amen. Amen. When the world bring this fire, everyone having all those things will die. But the bride will be somewhere in a safe chamber. From there, that's when you will go. Amen. Amen. The message for another day, we will look at the millennium. What is millennia? There is another Gog and Moro that is coming and the white throne judgment the new city the eternal one that's where we are going that's what those are the things that are within time then after death it's beyond time when it's beyond time eternity that's where we are going make sure I want I don't want to say make sure because even if you can make sure you might never make it. I'm saying let God do his will. If you are in the rapture we go. If you are not in the rapture even if amen. Amen. Let me just say it. Don't say this after service. This message was powerful. I'm going to be serious now. Don't try that. You'll be hurting yourself. A complete job was done. You are serious or not serious. It doesn't matter. What matters that's who you were. Don't try to say don't even test me. I should pray for you. My prayer is not going to help you to for you to be in the rapture. No, this is a play that God wrote. Put it into action part of it. You took the side of Michael even today. You will take the side of there's nothing that can stop you. You don't need a prayer here. You don't need to fast there. Just play this play put you in. God bless you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's sing unto the Lord. Amen. Amen. I hope we are getting somewhere. Little by little, day by day, we are getting there. Just relax in the word of God. Let God incarnated himself in you. Amen. Amen. Do his job. He He He carried us. Now we carried He is the greatest achievement that God wanted achievement stand to our feet. Amen. Amen. Never grow never grow. [Music] [Music] grow in [Music] never [Music] Oh, I tot [Music] There are [Music] sing [Music] I have heard of the land. I am well open [Music] and fire and beauty [Music] [Music] by Jesus. us on high [Music] will Oh [Music] to go [Music] [Applause] to the Lord. We can never [Music] [Applause] [Music] be the lamb. [Music] While we are still singing, we'll ask brother just to come and pray for us. Thank you so much, man of God. God bless you. Hallelujah. Never grow. tearful. [Music] He shall be the sweet by and by. Happy praise [Music] to the king. How through eternity [Music] oh [Music] Oh my god. [Music] The land will never go. Amen. [Applause] in a land that you will never grow old. Blessed Lord heavenly father, thank you again this afternoon for speaking to your children. Lord because you've given us promises. You've given us your word and this word is full of divine promises. You've promised us a land. We feel so blessed, my God, that even when there's this chaos going around us, we have a promise. Every time I see elderly people, every time I see their hair turning gray and their face getting wrinkled, it gives me so much joy because your weight, your power is about to be manifested. It gives me so much joy just to know that one of these days they will be young again. [Applause] It makes me love them. It makes my heart rejoice because it is closer. It's nearer for your word to be manifested again. Thank you Lord for your word. Thank you for speaking unto us again this day. Oh God, we have a promise. You promise us the rapture. One of these days we will be going home. Lord, we can feel we can feel that the move is on the dimensions. We can feel oh God that we are bumping against the dimensions are bumping against each other. One of these days we will move out of this place. Predestination. Before the beginning when you said let us, you were talking about us. We thank you for that predestination. The brother says, "Don't come. There's nothing I can do for you. It is in the plan of God. It is just in this play. But Lord, I am in that play. You thought of me and you made me to be a part of that play. I don't know why. I just want to give all honor and glory unto you. May you be with them, oh God. May you strengthen them, heavenly father. May you bless them, oh God. They must just look forward to that morning, oh God, when they will go out of this body. [Music] We are what we are because of him. We are what we are because he came and he stood behind this pulpit. for [Music] brother. Amen. [Music] Amen. And amen. [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. It's good to be in the message. [Music] Amen. Amen. Again we like to thank the Lord Bazan for the word. It feels that he can continue continue and continue. We are preparing for the uh baptism now. Do we love God bas how how how I love Jesus? Amen. Please can you say that? Just let us show how much we love him because he cares for us. Amen. Amen. Oh, how I love Jesus. Oh, [Music] how I love Jes. Jesus. [Music] How I love Jesus [Music] love me. We sing, oh [Music] I love you [Music] this morning. Oh [Music] my [Music] god. [Music] to me. [Music] So wonderful to me is so wonderful to me. [Music] He is so [Applause] [Music] he [Music] [Applause] lift up our voice. We say [Music] [Applause] [Music] we Jesus [Applause] [Music] [Applause] because he love me because he [Applause] [Music] deserves [Music] Love refers. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Sing me again. [Music] Oh my [Music] gosh. [Music] Hallelujah. Let let me ask just to come and pray for us and then after that we'll continue uh with our brother reading the word of God then we'll proceed with the baptism. Amen. Can we bow our heads? Dear heavenly father once again we raise our hearts, our souls, our spirits unto thee. Thanking you Lord for the word. Here we are standing before the trophies of this great ministry of the opening of your original spoken word. The whole Bible Lord has entered in their hearts being God himself restoring them back. Father they've heard your word. You have said Lord if a person hear your word repent and be baptized in your name. He has passed from dead to life today. It's a symbol of their burial Lord of the old man walking in the newness of the word of God to be born by God himself with his incorruptible word incorruptable seed. Father, they've heard your word since from the beginning. You said you chose them and wrote their names. They've heard you, Lord. You gave them the the revelation that they need, Father. So as they are entering in, we are saying to Satan, they are no longer your property. They are God's property. You touch them, you touch God. So we thank you, Father, for the giant church step that they've taken to repent and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And Lord, you said you shall enter into them. We ask all these blessings as the brothers are taking them inside as it was one day Jesus went to John to be baptized and the dove came down. Your spirit Lord came to Jesus because he knew that he was going to be a sacrifice. One day you died and buried and rose again. Father as they entering in we know that they will rise again and walk in your newness. Father, we commit everything in the mighty name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. [Applause] We read the book of Acts chapter 2 from verse 36-39. Therefore, let all the house of Israel know assuredly that God hath made that same Jesus whom he have crucified both Lord and Christ. Now when they heard this, they were priced in their heart and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, "Men and brethren, what shall we do?" Then Peter said unto them, "Repent, and be baptized, every one of you, in the name of Jesus Christ, for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the promise is unto you and to your children, and to all that are a far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call. [Music] True love. [Music] When [Music] [Music] I am full [Music] victor. [Music] Amen. All I La. [Music] [Music] Oh. for [Applause] [Music] flow. Where there's joy, thereious peace. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I love my own. I love my own. [Music] True love to love. [Music] Fully Let me let me [Music] [Applause] I love you. I love you. [Music] [Music] To [Music] God bless you. Amen. What's our understanding of this week? for one of the days we are together again. We want to thank you Lord God for doing everything unto us and we'll be going home. Heavenly Father give us the traveling message as we put everything. Amen. [Applause] We just want to thank the Lord Basalani who kept us until thus far. So I'm going to ask my brother just to sing two songs. Amen. The last song it will be a song that will uh dismiss the church while our brother are still preparing to put everything together back. Amen. Amen. [Music] living [Music] Oh my god. [Music] We are too late to [Music] imagine. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Keep [Music] going. [Applause] [Music] Oh my god. [Music] Oh, he's going to jo [Music] [Applause] I [Music] might [Music] be my [Music] again. I [Music] victory and glory. I only [Music] Sh. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, was [Music] so [Music] he [Music] [Applause] is happy. I [Music] join. [Applause] [Music] Oh God, [Music] [Applause] [Music] My am [Music] [Applause] [Music] How [Music] to [Music] join? [Music] Joy [Music] [Music] might Oh, I [Music] must [Music] might [Music] not [Music] Joy. [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Jesus. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Laughter] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] All right. [Music] All right. All right. [Music] Heat. Hey, heat. Hey, heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. N. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] I don't know. [Music]
