################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-17 - Apr 16, 2025 Wednesday Prayer Meeting : Pastor Bloteh Won - Bloteh Won - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-17
Title:   Apr 16, 2025 Wednesday Prayer Meeting : Pastor Bloteh Won
Speaker: Bloteh Won
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmrnhUXgwi4
========================================

us in. We have to set our mind and our heart on him tonight. Just like death was facing [Music] him. Death is facing every one of us. We don't know when. We don't know where. We don't know how. Let's pray together tonight. Heavenly Father, dear Lord Jesus, oh God, we are coming. Lord Father, Lord Jesus, that this is how you approach Easter. This is how you approach your death, burial, and resurrection. Not with some flowers, Lord God. And now with some new clothes, oh God, but you find yourself in the garden, Lord Jesus. Oh, precious Lord. Thinking about what it is, oh God, Father, and what is before you, Lord, almighty God, we want to thank you tonight, Lord, we want to thank you, oh Father, God, that Lord Jesus, oh God, you have given us, Lord, Father, this opportunity, oh God, to make this place our own gardening. Tonight we come to the God in the long father God not caring oh God who's listening oh God and who is surround us oh father tonight Lord God I want to come alone God I want to come oh father Lord and I want you oh God to bring me in oh Lord Jesus precious lamb of God thank you tonight oh father thank you savior divine thank you king of glory lord Oh father, I thank you. I praise your name. I glorify you. Oh precious Lord, who is my unto you, oh God, who is my unto you, oh father. Oh sweet Jesus, what a wonderful savior you are. What a mighty God. What a faithful king you are, Lord. We thank you tonight, oh God. We thank you, oh Lord, for the opportunity, oh God, Father, of coming, oh Lord Jesus Christ, on a Wednesday night, oh God, oh God. And I Lord, I believe that God, you just want this service to be different, oh God, Father, Lord Jesus Christ, is now Lord, about a preacher than a people, Lord. It's about you meeting us, oh God, in our hearts, Lord. Taking us out of our backsplather, our abused mind, oh Lord, Father, Lord Jesus Christ, our hearts, oh God, that is so heavy, so far away from you, oh God. Oh precious Lord Jesus. Oh sweet Jesus, this is the way you approach your Easter Lord. This is what it means, oh God. Father, oh Lord Jesus. Yes. Oh God, we pray. Father, we thank you tonight. We thank you tonight. Oh God, we find you tonight. Oh father, we have this opportunity, oh God, before us, Lord. We have this opportunity, oh God. Oh, Father, Lord, that night of God, you call unto your disciples, Lord, and say, won't you pray with me one hour? Won't you just pour your hand at one hour? Won't you just say something to God one hour? Won't you Father, oh precious Lord, this is our time, oh God, this is our time, oh Father, Lord Jesus. Oh eternal God, we pray. Oh father, I pray tonight. Oh God, don't make us expected. Oh father, oh God, father, touch our hearts, Lord, touch our mind, oh God, give us angel, oh God, father, loose our tongues tonight, oh God, loose our spirit, oh father, oh God. Oh sweet Jesus, oh please Lord, please. So father god please savior divine if you the god of heaven and earthful lord you could pray in social language you could pray in anguish oh father how much more about us as mart how much more about us as sinners how much more about us that are struggling with one thing or another in our life struggling with lost truth struggling father god with lying tongues lord Father God, oh precious Lord, help us tonight. Oh father, help us. Savior, oh God, help us. King of glory, Father. Oh yes, Lord. Blessed be your name, Jesus. Blessed be your name, oh God. Oh, Father, Lord. Yes, Lord. Jesus, I come to this God in the Lord tonight. I come to this garden alone, Father. If nobody will pray, I work for you, God. That's what I come here for tonight, Father. Oh, precious Lord, I said in the name of Jesus Christ, I said in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh, Father God, a prayless Christian. Oh God, it's a worthless one. Oh father Lord, in the name of the Lord, God almighty. Oh Jesus. Oh father God, move upon the house of your people tonight. M look upon the house of your children tonight. Oh God, stir our hearts, oh father, stir our hearts, oh God, that we can find a place, oh God, to put our hearts before you, Father, oh sweet Jesus. Oh precious Lord. Oh father God. As the mercy drops are falling. As the mercy drops are falling tonight. Oh God. Father Lord I pray. Be merciful. Oh Savior be merciful upon Ghost Sheper Church. Be merciful father God upon every brother, every sister tonight. Oh God be merciful, Father Lord. Oh, Father God, on somebody that is not set in your mind, somebody that don't know what to do tonight, oh God, I pray that you be merciful, Father. Oh, sweet Jesus. Mighty God. Father, we come tonight, Lord. We come tonight, Father. Oh God, to have a Pentecostal prayer meeting, to have a prayer meeting in one call, Father Lord, to have a prayer meeting. Oh God, where precious Lord quiet and soul can come in contact with you tonight. I know you will come down, Father Lord, I know you will give us audience, oh God, I know, precious Lord, you will give us, oh God, an atmosphere to end this. Oh sweet Jesus. Oh sweet Jesus. Tonight. Yes Lord Father. Yes. Oh God. Speak to my heart Lord. Talk with me tonight. Oh Father I want to talk with you tonight. Oh Father God. I want to talk with you oh Father God of the things Lord that is concerning all my life. I want to talk to you tonight Lord and by the things of God that is concerning this assembly. I want to talk to you tonight, oh God, and by the things, oh father, oh precious Lord, mean so much to me. Oh yes, Lord God. Yes, Lord. You are the Oh God, please talk to me tonight, sweet Jesus. Yes Lord, and tell me Lord, Father God, all time by your love, Jesus. Oh, blessed be your name, oh God. Blessed be your name, Father Lord. Blessed be your name, sweet Jesus. Blessed be your name, oh God. Blessed be your name, oh Father, Lord, that our young people learn how to pray, oh God. You must not come to church and just be like a statue on the bench. Let them learn how to pray, Father. Let them learn how to cry before God. Oh father, I pray that God your holy spirit oh God will just Lord touch their hearts Lord touch their hearts oh God Father Lord almighty God we see a spirit of stubbornness oh God a spirit of hidiness oh God that is hiding the people's house oh father Lord just having a form of religion there is no power oh God to break us there is no power father God to change There is no power Lord to deliver us to God. I pray tonight father. Oh sweet Jesus come sweet Jesus tonight. Oh come sweet Jesus tonight father. Oh blessed be your name. Blessed be your name oh God. Blessed be your name father Lord. Halleluah Jesus. Hallelu Jesus. Thank you father god. Thank you savior divine lord. Oh Jesus. Thank you oh god. Oh thank you precious lord. King of glory. We bless your name tonight. Lord we bless your name. Father couple of weeks. We've been talking about Daniel. Father, how the prince of Pure Lord trying to hold a blessing. And oh God, his spiritual atmosphere, oh Lord, was so black. It was so intense, Lord. Demon powers waring against him. Oh God, we have the same thing in our day. Oh precious Lord, trying to take our mind from Christ, trying to take our mind, our interest from the things of God. Oh father, I pray tonight in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. You said in your word the weapons of our warfare are not that kind of Lord. It's the pouring down of stronghold. Father God, it's the pouring down of evil imagination. Lord, it's the pouring down, Father God. Lord, of every contrary spirit, Lord. Every unclean spirit, Father, Lord, every unclean devil, Lord God, Father, that's why we are waring against, you God. That's the power we are waring against. That's the spirit we are fighting against, Lord. Every unclean spirit, Lord God, I pray tonight, Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, oh God. Oh, Father, Lord God, yes Lord Jesus, the weapons of our warfare are kind of Lord. Oh, blessed be your name tonight, oh God. Here we are, Father God, tonight saying, Lord Jesus, have mercy. Oh God, have mercy upon us. Lord God, have mercy, Father God, upon us, Lord Jesus, tonight. Oh, precious Lord, we have just become a bunch of lazy people, Lord. We complain, oh God, Father, instead of, "Oh God, learning to spend time with you, learning to cry to you, God, and say, "Oh, Father, come to my soul. Touch my heart, oh God. Oh, blessed be your name tonight. Oh, blessed be your name tonight. Oh, I love you, Jesus. I love you, Jesus. I love you, Jesus, tonight. Oh, blessed be your holy name. Blessed be your holy name. Oh, thank you, Father. Thank you, sweet Jesus. Thank you, sweet Jesus. Oh, thank you, sweet Jesus. Father God, not my will, Lord, precious Lord, not my selfishness, oh God. Father, not oh God, my lies, oh God, Lord, not my deception, oh Father, Lord, let it be your will, oh God. Father, not my temper either, Lord Jesus. Oh, precious Lord, I pray tonight. Oh, Father God. Yes, Lord. The joy we share when you come down, Lord God, the joy, Father, we share, the joy we feel, Lord, when the sweetness of your presence come down, oh God. Father, we are not even able to confess our sins. We are not even able to be earnest before you and say, "Father, forgive me. I'm wrong." Oh God, I pray tonight. Oh, precious Lord, I pray tonight. Yes, Lord. Oh Jesus. Oh sweet Jesus, please Lord, please. Oh father, please. Oh God, thank you Jesus. Oh father Lord. Oh God. Oh Jesus. Tonight. Oh Lord. Father Lord. I come to this garden alone. Jesus. I come alone tonight. Oh God. Even though Peter, James, and John could not pray, but Jesus was alone. He had to meet God alone. He had to pray alone. He had to sweat it out alone. Oh, Father God, if no one prayed tonight, Lord, give me the grace. Oh, God. Give me the grace. Give me the opportunity. Father, Lord, let me pour my heart onto you, oh God. Please, Lord Jesus. Please. Oh, Father God, I pray. Oh, blessed be your name, Lord God. Blessed be your name, oh Jesus. Blessed be your holy name tonight, oh father. Almighty God, Jesus Christ, oh Lord. Oh, I ask tonight, oh God, that you would be merciful. I ask tonight, oh God, that you would be merciful, Father. I ask tonight, oh God, that you would just be merciful, Father, Lord, and give us grace, oh God. Father, Lord. Oh, hallelujah, Jesus. Please, somebody mighty God, please. Oh, Father, Lord God. Oh Jesus Christ, Lord, I confess my sins. Oh Lord God, I confess Lord all my inabilities. Oh God, Father, I confess Lord all the weakness of my body. Oh God, Father, Lord, if there is any unclean ways in me, precious Lord, I pray tonight, oh thy God that search the rains in the heart, Lord. My God, Father, Lord, that the ways of men are naked in your eyes, oh God. Oh Lord, I pray tonight that God you be merciful. Father, I pray that God you be merciful. Oh God, I pray that Lord God you be merciful Jesus. Oh precious Lord, if there is any form of deception in me, oh God, I pray Lord that Lord you be merciful in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God, oh precious Lord, Father God, Lord, in our eyes tonight, oh God, your prophecy, Lord, the hands thy handled, oh God, Father, the sacrif has to be a clean hands, oh God, it has to be a clean hands, Lord, it has to be a clean mind, oh God. Father, the tongue that speaks has to be a clean tongue, oh God. Oh, just like Isaiah, I say, Father, wo is me tonight. Oh, I pray tonight, oh God, I pray tonight. Oh, Father, Lord Jesus Christ. Oh, eternal God, I ask, oh God, come, Father, tonight, Lord, come tonight, oh God. Jesus, I confess my sin. Oh God, and the sin of the people, Lord. Father, I say God, if there is any unconfessed sin in this assembly, if there is any unclean behavior in this assembly, Lord, if anyone is indulging in something, Lord, to hold back the spirit of God, I pray be merciful tonight. I pray God be merciful tonight, Lord. Every stubborn spirit of God, Father, Lord, every religious spirit that is deceiving the people, Lord, they cannot come to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. they cannot come to true deliverance in their life. We confess that before you tonight and say, "Oh God, if there is ever the time we need you, it's right now." Oh, blessed be your name, oh father God. Oh Jesus, it's me, Lord God. It's me, Father, Lord, in the need of prayer tonight. It's me that is in need of you, Father. I need you so much, Lord. I need you so much, oh God. Father, I need you so much, Lord Jesus. Oh, precious Lord God. I don't want to be a man pleaser of Father God and one that the people just praise. Lord, oh God, I want to be a true servant of God, Father, that will be faithful to the word, oh God. Father, Lord, I pray tonight, Lord, I need thee, Lord Jesus. I need another dose of your Holy Ghost, Lord. I need another baptism, oh Father. Lord God, I need a baptism. of fire, Lord Jesus. Almighty God, I pray tonight, Lord. Oh, sweet Jesus. Oh God, you know how my soul is crying out to you. You know, Father God, how my soul is crying out to you tonight. I need you, Father. Lord, oh precious Lord Jesus. Almighty God, I pray tonight. Oh, Father God. Yes, Lord Jesus. It's me. Oh, it's me, Lord. I'm really in the need of prayer. Oh, it's me. It's me. Oh, Jesus. I'm in the lead of prayer. Oh, it's me. Oh, it's me, oh Jesus. I'm in the need of prayer. Lord, it's me, Lord God. It's me, oh Lord. Father, you never fail, Lord. You said, Lord, when your people call your name, Lord Jesus, you were here from heaven. Father Lord, oh God, precious Lord Jesus, you said in your word, Father God, they that call upon the name of the Lord will be safe. Oh God, I pray tonight. Oh father, Lord Jesus, almighty God, I pray that Lord, you will just, oh God, Father, have your way tonight, oh God, I pray you will have your way tonight, oh Father Jesus. Oh, blessed be your holy name, oh God. We love you tonight. We appreciate you, Father. Lord God, we thank you for what you are doing, oh God. Father, we thank you, Lord, that your works are our finished work, oh Lord God. We thank you, Lord God, that the Holy Ghost is the enforcer of the claim, oh God. And he will bring to pass, Lord, what you have said, oh God. Oh, Father God, we just want to thank you, Lord. You said Lord that the the dynamics of this church, oh God, Father, will be the refilling of the Holy Ghost. I believe that, oh Father God, I believe that in my soul, Lord Jesus Christ, that you will give us, Lord, Father God, oh a Pentecost, Lord Jesus, oh almighty God, Father, Lord, almighty God, sin will be exposed in our life. Sin will be exposed in our mess, oh God. Father, Lord, oh Jesus Christ, oh God, Father, because Lord, unbelief will only handle the unbeliever. It's not going to handle the believer, Father. Oh, precious Lord, I pray tonight, oh God, I pray tonight, Father, Lord Jesus. Oh, blessed be your holy name. What a God you are. What a father you are, Jesus. Oh, Father God. Oh, sweet Jesus. Oh sweet Jesus. Oh sweet Jesus. Touch our hearts oh God. Loose our tongue oh God. Father the spirit of heaviness oh God is so much more on the people. Their minds oh God they can't keep their minds on you father. Lord they can't even keep their hearts before you Lord. They are confused. They don't even know what to do. I pray tonight, oh father god, you said, Lord, the anointing breaks the yoke. Oh God, I pray that the anointing of the Holy Ghost will move through this building tonight. Oh father, Lord God, I know many did not expect it, Lord Jesus. But Father God, that's how I feel led in my heart tonight to cry to you, oh God. That's how I feel led in my heart tonight, Lord, because that was the way you approach Easter. That was the way you approached oh God. Your death Lord and buried and resurrection father God. Oh blessed be your name tonight. Oh God. Oh father. Yes Lord Jesus. You see this assembly. Oh God. Father Lord. You see the people that comes here Lord. You know them by name and nature. You know the things they are dealing with in their lives. Oh God. You know the things they are dealing with in their homes. Oh father God. Lord Jesus. Oh God. Precious Lord. You know that stronghold, Father. You know what the devil God is holding over their lives. Oh God. Father God, that is keeping them from the breakthrough. Lord, I pray tonight. I pray tonight, oh God, I pray tonight, almighty God, Father, that your grace, Lord Jesus, will just come through for us tonight. Oh, Father God, I'm sure that Father, some will be blessed tonight. I'm sure that some will get a breakthrough tonight. Oh father, I'm sure that God is going to be difficult for some. Oh God, some will be completely lost. Oh father God. Oh precious Lord Jesus. Oh father, we love you tonight. We love you tonight. We love you tonight. Oh God, we love you tonight, Jesus. Oh, what an awesome God you are. What a wonderful father you are. Oh, blessed be your name, sweet Jesus. Yes, Lord Father. Oh, Jesus. Oh, God. Jesus on the main line. Let's just play that chorus. Yes, Lord. [Music] [Music] Tell him what you want. Jesus, he's on the bel. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the bel line. You tell him what you want. My Jesus on the me lie down. Oh Jesus on on the me. Tell him what you want. Oh Jesus on the me line. You tell him what you want. Jesus on the mean line. Tell him what you want. My Jesus on the main line right now. Oh Jesus. Jesus on the mean line. Tell him what you are. Jesus on the mean line. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the me lie. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the mine. Now you call him up and call him up. Tell him what you want. Oh, just pray. Call him up and tell him what you want. Call him up and call him up. You tell him what you want. Our Jesus me down. Oh Jesus. Lord, I need a breakthrough. I'm telling you what I want. Oh Lord, I need the Holy Ghost. I'm telling you what I want. Lord, I need a prayer life. Telling you what I want. Cuz my Jesus on me by now. Oh, if you need deliverance, you can tell him what you want. If you need deliverance, tell him what you want. If you need the Holy Ghost, tell him what you want. Jesus on the me. Oh, so call him up and call him up. Tell him what you want. Call him up and call him up. Tell him what you want. Call him up. Call him up. Tell him what you want. Jesus on the knees lie down. If you need a prayer life, you can tell him what you want. If you need deliverance, you can tell him what you want. If you need a breakthrough, you can tell my Lord what you want. Our Jesus honor me right now. Yes. Heavenly Father, Lord God, oh precious Lord, Father God, Lord, you said your ears are open. Oh God, your hands, oh father, are not too sharp. Lord, your ears are not too heavy, Father God. But Lord, our iniquity, Lord, the things we are allowing in our life, oh God, the vain things, oh God, precious Lord, we take so much time, you know God, is hindering us, oh father. So we pray tonight, oh God, we pray tonight, Father, and we say, oh God, the creator, oh father, of heaven and earth, Lord, and the giver of life, the giver of every good gift tonight, oh father, Lord Jesus, I pray, oh God, I pray, oh father, Lord, let your will be done tonight, oh God, let your will be done, oh father, Lord Jesus, please, oh God, Touch the hearts of your people, oh God. Touch our hearts, oh father. Lord, touch our hearts, oh God. Precious Lord. Oh father God, deliver us, oh Lord, from those silly attitude, oh God, of forcing and I hearing, oh God, Father, Lord, we spend too much time talking, oh Father, unnecessary things, oh God, and no time in prayer, oh Father. We can't even spend five minutes before you Lord. We have lost it. Oh God, we don't even know what to say. We don't even know what to keep on our mind. Oh God. Oh father, Lord. Oh Jesus. Just like Joel was saying, break up the falling grounds, oh God. Break up the falling grounds, the the the the spirit of heaviness, Lord. Oh God, the stubbornness in our lives, oh God, the wickedness, oh God, that is consuming us. So father I pray that God you will just break apart of those things. Oh God break up the falling ground. Oh almighty God I pray tonight. Oh father Lord God. Yes Lord Jesus Christ. You said oh God through the Apostle Paul. Oh father God. Lord we are not fighting against flesh and blood. Oh God but against principalities Lord against oh God spiritual wickedness in high places. Oh father God. spirits that want to destroy our lives, destroy our children, destroy our homes. Almighty God, Father, that's what we are against tonight. Oh precious Lord Jesus. And then how can we sit there, Lord, and not become concerned, oh God, how can we sit there and don't say, "God, have mercy upon me and help me tonight, oh father Lord, I need you, oh God, I need to get serious. Oh Lord, I need to make get to business. Oh father, Lord. Oh God, search me tonight. Oh father, search my hearts tonight. Oh God, if there is any unconfessed sin in my life, expose it, oh God. Father, Lord, let me make it right. Oh God, I pray almighty God tonight in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh, oh heavenly father. Oh precious Lord, we just want to thank you tonight. What a wonderful savior you are. To you be the praise. To you be the glory. To you be the honor. Oh God. Uh to you father. Lord Jesus Christ. We commit ourself tonight. Oh father. Oh precious Lord. See many see how many homes that are under attack of the devil. God father. How many of God's children that are living in backslaving lives. Oh God. Father. Away from the cross. Oh God. Father. Lord. Oh Jesus. As if they have never heard about the gospel. as if they have never tasted of the goodness of God. We pray tonight that Father, you will be merciful, God. We pray that you will be merciful, Father. Oh, sweet Jesus. Oh, sweet Jesus. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord. Father God, I pray Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father God. Oh, please Lord, tonight. Oh, please, Lord, tonight, Lord. Yes, Lord. I can't even walk without you all in my hands. Let's play that tonight. Yes, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father God, tonight. Oh, precious Lord, have mercy upon us, oh God. Have mercy upon us, Lord Jesus. Have mercy upon us, oh God, Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus. Can you think about that tonight? Can you think about that tonight? Our Lord [Music] Jesus, he wanted these very people that was his disciple to stand with [Music] him knowing what he was facing. Even Jesus, our Lord, was asking for help in prayer, knowing what was before him. He was asking for help. He brought all of these disciples. Let me tell you something tonight. It was not the nail that led him to the cross. [Music] He could speak one word and the entire situation could [Music] change. But it was his love for you. It was his love for me that held him to the cross. He would just not redeem a word without price. He wanted to pay the price. And there was no prize greater than his own life. And yet we can give our life for him. We can dedicate ourself to him. We having so many things to do that is so important. We love our name. We love our character that we can give our life for him. [Music] It's too high sometimes, Lord. Am I valid is too wide down on my knees? That's where I learn to stand. I can't even walk without you holy by I can't even be walk without you holy. I really need your help, Jesus. My mountains are too high and my valleys too wide but down. Help me to get down on my knees, Jesus. That's where I learn to stay. I can't even walk without you. Oh, let's just sing it to him tonight. Lord, I can I can't even pray without you holding my hands. The mountain so high and the valley so down all my knees. That's where I learn. I want to learn that Jesus. I want to learn to take things from God in prayer. I want to learn to complain on my knees. I want to learn to complain on my knees than to complain on the phone. I want to learn oh God to talk on my knees. Spend a lot of time talking on my knees than talking on the phone and talking things Lord that is no benefit Lord to my soul. Oh God. Oh father Lord. Yes Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord. Father God, Lord, please teach me tonight, Father. Lord, teach me, oh God, to learn to take things to you on my knees, Lord. Learn to get down on my knees, Lord. Learn to spend time on my knees, oh God. Father, Jesus, I can't even walk. I can't even pray. I can't even fight. We found you fighting my battles, Lord. Oh, sweet Jesus. Oh, sweet Jesus. Take this laziness, oh God. Take, oh father, God, this laziness, this strugglness, this heaviness from your people, Lord. Let them learn to break through. Oh God, let them learn what it is, oh God, to come into your presence with the fear of the Lord. Oh God, I pray tonight. Sweet Jesus, I bless your name, Jesus. I worship you, Jesus. I glorify you, Jesus. Yes, Lord God. Father, Almighty God, Jesus Christ, we come against Lord Father God. Every contrary spirit Lord Father God. Every unclean spirit Lord Jesus. Every father God Lord. Oh God. Doubting spirit. Every suspicious spirit Lord. Every spirit of gossip. Oh God. Every spirit father Lord God that will not bow to the name of Jesus Christ. I come against it tonight. Oh father Lord. I take the authority of God father Lord as a servant of God. And I rebuke every contrary spirit, every spirit that would now want to subject itself to the name of Jesus Christ, to the word of God. I come against you tonight, mighty God. Oh, Father. Oh, blessed be your name tonight. Oh, blessed be your name tonight, Father. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Father God, yes, Lord Jesus. Yes, oh God, I pray tonight, Father. Oh, blessed be your holy name. Blessed be your sweet name tonight, Jesus. Yes, Lord. Father, I thank you tonight, oh God. I love you tonight, Jesus. I love you, Jesus. I love you, Father. What a wonderful savior you are. I love you, oh God. Father, almighty God, thank you, Lord. I have waited for this Lord Jesus Christ. I thank you precious Lord. I bless your name tonight oh God. I glorify you tonight oh God. I magnify you tonight sweet Jesus. Oh blessed be your holy name oh. Blessed be your holy name oh father. Blessed be your holy name tonight. Oh God. Oh precious Lord. Oh God I pray tonight father. Yes Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God. Yes Lord Jesus. Every spirit oh God. Father Lord that is trying to trap your people into habits that is trying to hold them into bad habits. Oh father we come against it tonight. Oh God father Lord in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh God. Precious Lord. Oh God father. Their body is a redeemed possession. You pay your price Lord. You spill your blood. to God. Oh father, that the devil had no right, oh God, precious Lord, to hold a habit in their life, to hold a spirit in their life, to hold grudges in their lives, oh God. Oh father, we pray tonight. Oh sweet Jesus Christ, we just want to ask tonight healing upon the people. Oh father, for all those that are not well, brother Lawrence, oh God, father, with a strain pain in his shoulder, we pray for our brother tonight. Oh God, we pray father Lord God for sister Annette Lord Jesus that is under the weather of Father God. Oh blessed be your holy name father God we pray oh God Jesus Christ oh God bless sister Fatu as she goes through the healing process. Bless sister Elizabeth oh God as she's going through the healing process. Oh God father Lord in the name of Jesus Christ. Oh God we thank you tonight father. Oh we thank you sweet Jesus. Yes, Lord. That's word I learned to stand. I can't hear the word without you moving my head. Oh Jesus, I can't eat. I can't even talk without you, Lord. Putting words in my mouth, Lord. Sometimes the mountains get so high and the valley gets so wide. Teach me, Lord, to get down on my knees. There I learn to stand. I can't even walk without you holding my hands. Oh, sweet Jesus. Oh, sweet Jesus. Put us on speaking terms with you, Father. Put us on speaking terms with you, oh God. How can you be our father and we don't find time to speak to you and we don't find time to talk things over with you? Put us on speaking terms. of [Music] God. Your prophet said that's the greatest weapon that you put in the hands of hen and mortar. No weapon formed against us will prosper. Not even a tongue that rise against us in judgment. Because the people of God has the greatest weapon. They have this great explosive that is called prayer. They know how to spend time before God. They know how to lay there and cry to [Music] God. We don't want to be intellectual believers that just know how to argue. We know how to quote enough and quote ourself from the face of the earth. We want to be a New Testament believer. We want to be one of the book of [Music] arts that knows how to get down. The Bible says as they pray in one accord, they lift up their voices in one accord. Heaven could not hold back. The Holy Ghost came down in their midst. [Music] [Music] Yes, Lord. We appreciate you tonight, Lord. We love you. We love you, Jesus. We bow our hearts before you father. Heavenly [Music] Father, we appreciate you. [Music] Oh heavenly [Music] father, we appreciate you. Oh heavenly father, we appreciate you Lord. We love you. We adore you. We bow down before you. Heavenly Father, we appreciate you. Oh, we thank you, Jesus. We appreciate you tonight, Lord. Heavenly Father, we appreciate you. Thank you for coming our way tonight, Lord. Heavenly Father, we appreciate you. You [Music] We love you. We adore you. And we bow. We bow down before you. Heavenly Father, we appreciate you. Let's make it personal tonight. I appreciate you. Heavenly Father, I appreciate you with all of my heart tonight. Lordes, with everything that is within me, oh God. Lord Jesus, heavenly father, I praise you. Oh Lord, I love you. I adore you and I bow down before you. Heavenly Father, I praise you. Oh, let's just do that one more time personally. Oh, heavenly father, I appreciate you greatly, Lord. I just appreciate you tonight, oh God. Thank you, Father, for the liberty of your spirit. Thank you, oh God. Thank you almighty God Jesus. Oh father God, you can just come oh God in your own way Lord you come oh God in the dreaminess Lord Father Lord. Oh precious Lord Jesus. Almighty God tonight father Lord I thank you Lord for the boldness that is here tonight. I thank you Lord God for the display of the liberty of Jesus Christ. God, I just thank you, Almighty God, tonight, Father. Oh, Lord God, I thank you, Lord. I'm so grateful, Lord. Father God, oh precious Lord Jesus, I bless your name tonight, oh God. Father, I bless your name tonight, Lord Jesus Christ. God, oh precious Lord, Father God, that we can take our right place, oh God, as sons and daughters of God, Father, Lord God, not to be intimidated by spirits, oh God, Father God. Oh, blessed be your holy name, Lord. Blessed be your holy name, Jesus. Blessed be your holy name, oh God. Father, oh, thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, thank you Jesus. Lord, thank you Jesus. Lord, I praise you Jesus. Oh, thank you Jesus. Oh my heavenly father, thank you Jesus. Oh sweet Jesus, I love you. I love you. I adore you. You and I bow down before you father. I praise you. Let's pray together and pray for the services on the weekend. Let's ask God for special blessing. Let's ask God that the Holy Ghost will have his will. That he will bring birth. He will bring deliverance. Let's ask God that he would take hold of the preacher beyond his ability. That the word of God that God would just make the weekend special. I don't know what he's going to do. I don't know what the preacher is going to preach. I don't know what is on his mind. I just want God to make the weekend [Music] special. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, almighty God, Lord, we are asking tonight, oh God, that father, Lord, oh precious land, you come in a special way, Father God, come in a special way, oh God, and bless us this weekend. come in a special way. Oh father, Lord God, where you will pour out your spirit, oh God, we will have a Pentecost year, Lord Father, we will have, oh God, such a fellowship around the world, the liberty of the Holy Ghost. Oh father, you said it's not the preacher that brings the revival. It's the people, oh God. Father, Lord, so we asking tonight, Lord, you will make the weekend special. Oh God, come and speak to me. Father, Lord, come and speak, oh God, to our young people, oh Lord. Father, come, oh God. Oh Lord, and make something, oh God, father, Lord, out of our services, oh God, we pray tonight, oh God, bless brother Crosby, Lord, Father, oh God, and his wife, Lord, sister M, we pray that God, you will bless them, oh God. Father, Lord, as they spend this weekend with us, oh God, away from their family and the church, oh God, we pray that Lord, Father, oh God, it would not just be, oh Father, God, another all time, oh God, Father, but let this be, oh God, Father, Lord, a special meeting in a way that it is special to each and every one of us. Oh God, you will do something special in our life. You would do something special, oh God, in the service. You would do something special, oh father, in our home. You would do something special, oh God, in the young people. You would do something special to Father, Lord God, in the sisters. Oh Lord, you would do something special, oh God, in the brothers, you would do something special, oh God, Father, Lord. Oh, for this little assembly, Lord. Almighty God, we give you the praise. We give you the glory. We give you the honor tonight. Oh God, you will make the weekend special. Oh father. Oh God, we love you, Father. We love you tonight. We love you tonight. We love you tonight. Oh God, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God, oh sweet Holy Spirit, blessed be your holy name. Blessed be your holy name tonight, oh God. Father Lord, bless the musicians. Oh, Father God, as they dedicate himself, oh God, to play it unto you, oh God, bless, oh God, the technicians, oh father, Lord, as they dedicate himself, oh God, father, Lord, to serve the people, bless, oh father God, the song leader, Lord God. Father, our brother Lawrence, oh God, we pray that Lord, you will bless him, oh father, in the name of Jesus Christ, I pray tonight, oh God. Father, Lord Jehovah God, bless the entire congregation. Oh God, bless the visitor that is in our midst. Oh father, Lord, oh eternal God, we just pray tonight. Oh Lord, what a wonderful savior you are. What a wonderful father God, to you be the praise, to you be the glory, to you be the honor tonight, oh God. Oh sweet Jesus, thank you father. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord Jesus. Yes Lord. Yes father. God. Yes Lord. Hallelujah. Jesus tonight. Oh God. Oh father. Lord Jesus. Thank you precious lamb tonight. We just love you father. all of your children, oh God, Father, that are struggling and Lord God, Father, Lord Jesus, and even ashamed to come in your presence because they are struggling for one thing or another. I pray that God, oh God, you will go after them, Lord Jesus. Father God, may they not be able to have, Lord God, may they not find joy in the things, oh God, they want to find joy in. May they not find our fun Lord God, Father, Lord, and not even that peace in their heart, Lord, until they run back to the altar of God. I pray tonight, oh father, Lord Jesus, in the name of the Lord God Almighty, oh precious Lord Jehovah, you see how families are struggling, Lord, you see how people, oh God, Father, Lord, people, Lord God, really need you, Father, really need you, Lord. Oh, sweet Jesus. Oh God, oh father, oh Jesus, blessed be your holy name, blessed be your holy name, sweet Jesus. Oh, thank you, oh God. Thank you for such a refresh refreshing presence tonight, Lord. Even though the enemy tried to fight against you, Lord God, but thank you, oh God, for such a refreshing presence tonight, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Father, Lord, for giving grace, oh God. I pray oh God father Lord you will stir our hearts oh God father you will stir our hearts Lord Jesus we will be able to find a closet to pray we'll be able to find a time oh God father to get away from everything Lord and cry to you and cry from our heart and cry from our soul and say Lord help me deliver me change me heal me oh God hallelujah Jesus oh father Lord Lord. Oh God, thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Oh God. Oh God. Let's just play that chorus. They were all in the upper chamber. [Music] Yes, Lord. Father, they were all he won their call. When the Holy Ghost [Music] descended as a promise by our Lord. Let's sing that again. Oh, they were all in the watching. They were all in one call. Hallelujah, Lord. When the Holy Ghost descend was promised, has promised by our Lord. Yes, Jesus. Please, Father. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send your power just now. Oh Lord, send your power justice and baptize everyone. Oh yes. Oh Lord, send your power just now. Oh Lord, send your power just. Oh Lord, send your power just and baptize everyone. Yes, Father. Yes, Lord. We need a baptism of the Holy Ghost. It's just not an idea. It is not a church membership. It's an experience. Father, we need a baptisming of the Holy Ghost. Send your power, Lord, just like you did on the days of Pentecost. Lord, visit our homes with the power of God. Visit our lives, oh God, with the power of God. Visit our young people, Lord, with the power of God. The father Lord God Samuel was just a young man oh God. Father Jeremiah was a young man. Shedra mission and Abednego Lord God they were young men oh God. Even when the Holy Ghost had not come oh father but you were able to get their hearts. Oh God you were able to get their hearts. Get the hearts of our young people. Oh precious Lord Father God get their hearts. Oh Lord Jesus may start chasing vain things. Lord, let Jesus be the love of their lives. Oh God, Father, our young our young a girls, Lord, our young boys, oh Father, God, may they learn to fall in love with Jesus. Oh, Father, I pray tonight, oh God, send a power just now. Send it in our homes, oh God. Send it in our homes, Lord. Father, let all the fusses, oh God, Father, the fights, oh God, the disorderess, Lord Jesus Christ, get out of our homes, oh Father, Lord, because the home is the backbone of the church, oh God, we pray, Father God, send your power in our homes, oh God. Oh, sweet Jesus, we need it, Father. Lord God, in this assembly, Lord, we need it, Lord God. Let let creeping spirits don't come and take comfort in this place. Let people don't come and just take comfort, Lord God. Let the Holy Ghost be so presence that he will embarrass them, Lord God, and bring them to repentance and bring them to deliverance, Lord. Oh, Father God, may people not just come and just find a place to sleep, oh God, to just come and waste time. Send your power just now, Father. [Music] Oh Lord, send your power just now. Oh my God, send your power just now. Oh Lord, send your power just now and touch everyone. Let the people begin to experience the supernatural in their life and beginning to experience habits dropping. We don't need to hold to them. They are not helping us. Father, the gifted ones in our me Lord that their gift can come, oh God, Father, to [Music] place Father, when you pray, Lord, when you pray that night and God, You said not my will but thy will be done. Father, you know the cup that you have given to us as this assembly. You know the cup of bitterness that we have drunk. You know the cup of struggle. [Music] Father, we pray [Music] tonight. May we go from this prayer meeting, oh Father, with a determined heart to seek your face, Lord. And we go from this prayer meeting, Lord, Father God, [Music] Please sweet Jesus. Please sweet Jesus. There's no time to play church. We seeing how the days are getting evil. We see the things that is happening around us. Lord, the rapture could break any [Music] time. We need the Holy Ghost. [Music] Not just the spirit of God in our life, but we need that fire of God that will burn and outroot every desire is not of God. [Music] We can be dragging things around and thinking that we're going in the rapture. Oh father. Oh Lord, send your power Lord. That's your promise. Oh God. That's your promise. You said wheresoever two or three I gather you might be father you have kept us as a small group of people because you really want to tie us together. You really want to bind us together that when you want to break us we can be able to break together. [Music] Oh, blessed be tonight. We love you, sweet Jesus. We love you, Jesus. Father, we want to thank you Lord God for Rein Lord God come to join his lake of fire with us Lord coming giving us all the spiritual support Lord God I pray that Father you bless him bless his wife bless his church back home what awesome God you are What a wonderful father. What a wonderful father. Jesus. What a wonderful father. What a sweet [Music] Jesus. Let's stand to our feet tonight. A moment like this. A moment like this. Let's just raise our hands and just worship him today. I will sing out a song to Jesus. a mobile like this. I will lift up my hands. I will lift up my hands to the Lord. Singing I love you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Jesus. I love you, Lord. Oh, I love you, Lord. I love you. Oh, sing it. I love you, Lord. Thank you, Father. I love you, Lord. Sak I Lord you Lord I love you. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise tonight. His water will be praised. Thank you father. Thank you sweet Jesus. Blessed be the holy name Lord. Blessed be your name Jesus. Blessed be your holy name father. Thank you Lord. Thank you father. Thank you. Thank you Lord. Thank you. Thank you for your blessing. Thank you for the spirit of refreshment Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you for your presence. That's what you promised Lord. That's what you said. Amen. Thank you, Father. Blessed be the name of the Lord. You may have your seat just few minutes before we close tonight. And uh once again, thank you for uh standing in the gap tonight. Amen. Praise the Lord. And uh I just I just had this on my heart and and just wanted wanted for us to have a prayer meeting tonight. Praise the Lord. And uh and we want to thank the Lord that he pull us through. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Sometimes it's hard to get people praying together in one call like this if you are not used to doing it and you get all you know uh uh but we thank the Lord for doing that. Amen. The Lord is faithful when we commit things to him. He bring it to pass. Amen. Praise the Lord. You know all through the week I was just thinking about it. That thought that was on my mind. How did Jesus approach the week knowing that this thing was before him for you and I said it's a celebration. It was not a celebration for praise the Lord. You assisting ele body how they approach it. And you know what I was thinking about? thinking that when you read Genesis, the Bible says there was no man to tilt the soil. Praise the Lord. That is a garden language. When you go in the garden, when you want to plant, you got to tilt the soil. You got to break the ground. Jo said in the book of Joy, break up the falling grounds. The Bible says there was no man to tell the soil. And that was the reason why God made a man. Praise the Lord. You just think about it. And God made that man in a garden. The first Adam was made in the garden. And the second Adam was also made in the garden. Praise the Lord. He made the first Adam in the garden and took his wife out of him in the garden. The second Adam was made in a garden. The second Adam was not made in the church. God don't make people in church. He make people in the garden. The garden is an isolated place. It's a private place. That's where he made the second Adam. Yeah. And that was where he also made a second Eve because when when when when when when Christ surrender his will to God, then God was able to break out a blood vessel that would bring forth a bride. Praise the Lord. Amen. You can only be a bride not in church, not by believing the message of Brother Brandham. You can be a bride by being made in the garden. And when our Adam was made in the garden, you read the the Bible, the Bible said he was in language. He was in anguage. He was taking it serious. Not a five minute prayer, not a praying and your mind all scatter over the place. He was in anguish. He was taking this thing serious. It was to his heart. It was shaking his body. The Bible said, he says, "A spirit of sorrow has taken hold of me." That's how God made a second Adam. to be able to take a bride out of him, God had to put him a spirit of sorrow, a spirit of mourning anguish on him. Praise the Lord. You will never come to your potential as a Christian if you don't have a closet life with God. If you don't have a closet life, you only have a church life, you will never come to your potential as a Christian, let's leave the bride out. As a son of God or the daughter of God, if you don't have a closet life, you don't have a prayer life, you don't have a garden, you can't make a garden in your room where you can get down and cry to God for him to break you down, you will never come to your potential as a Christian. You learn all the rules of the message and dress the message and you know speak the message. You will never be able to live it out. All you need is just someone stepping on your toes and now that old anger and bitterness will come out. He made the first Adam in the garden. He made the second Adam in the garden. He took the first Eve out of the first Adam in the garden. And that's what he did in the garden of Gethsemane. That was where the second Eve came out. Brother Brandham said he did not die on the cross. Prophet of God say he died in the garden. That's where we die. That's why we die to ourself. Praise the Lord. I'm hoping that the Lord will give us good service this weekend. Amen. Be able to bless us in his presence. Listen to our feet and we are dismissed tonight. Let's sing that song. It's not about power, never by might, but by the spirit, said the Lord. [Music] Who is thy power? What is thy might? Oh by the spirit the Lord. Oh my power and my might. Oh yeah. By my spirit praise God. Oh yeah. This mountain shall be removed. Oh this mountain shall be removed. Oh this mountain shall be removed. Oh, by my spirit. Let's sing that one more time. Is my power and [Music] now by my [Music] spirit. Lord is not my power. Is not my power and not by my spirit. Oh this mountain, this mountain shall be removed. Oh this mountain shall be removed in Jesus name. This mountain shall be rebu. Oh yeah. And my spirit. Oh yes. Oh every mountain. Every mountain shall be removed. Oh every mountain shall be re in Jesus name. Every mountain shall be removed. Oh yeah, my spirit. Oh, let's just sing it to him tonight. Oh, [Music] [Applause] [Music] is my spirit. Oh yes. Hallelujah. [Music] And my [Music] mind is I say every mountain every mountain shall be re Oh every mountain every mountain shall be removed. Oh every mountain shall be removed. Oh yeah. And my spirit. Oh yeah. Oh, every mountain, every mountain shall be removed. Oh, this mountain shall be removed in Jesus name. This mountain shall be removed. Oh yet. My [Music] spirit. Hallelujah. You know when you say this mount, you got to identify the mountain. Don't just be reading words there. You got to identify the mountain. Amen. You got to say, Lord, this mountain, you know your mountain. Amen. You know the mountain that is standing before you. You know the mountain that is in your life. You know the mountain that you're dealing with, you got to identify it and your spirit has to be crying out to it and say this mountain is going to be moved. Amen. Praise the Lord tonight. Let's sing there. We are dismissing Jesus. Oh, this mountain shall be removed. Oh yeah, this mountain shall be removed. Oh yeah. But the spirit said, "Oh, it's not by my mind and not by spirit." Oh Lord, it's not by might. He's not by my power. Oh, by my spirit. Oh, every mountain, every mountain shall be re Oh, every mountain, every mountain shall be renewed. Oh, this mountain shall be removed. Oh yes, my spirit. Oh yes, this mountain shall be removed. [Music]
