################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - May 18, 2025 Sunday Service: Bro Freddy Kankwende - Then the Contrary Happened - Freddy Kankwende - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-18
Title:   May 18, 2025 Sunday Service: Bro Freddy Kankwende - Then the Contrary Happened
Speaker: Freddy Kankwende
Church:  Good Shepherd Fellowship
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MtmpkKaE1zA
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Okay. [Music] I got good enough pleasant it is for pleasures to pour together. How good and how pleasant it is for brothers to work together. Oh, how good and how fast it is for brothers to work together. Behold, how good and a pleasant it is for brothers to do together in unity. Together in unity. La. In unity. Together in unity. [Music] La. Oh, behold how good and how pleasant it is to bring us to the earth together. Behold, how good and brothers to work together in unity. Together in unity, la. In unity, together in unity. La. Let's sing that one more time. Oh, behold how good and how pleasant it is for brothers to burn together. Behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brothers to burn [Music] together. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. Let's just take up uh some prayer needs and note of thanks here. Praise the [Music] Lord. Amen. There's a praise report here. I want to praise the Lord for giving me uh a second degree in uh culinary arts and uh uh applied science. I think something like that with high honor and that's from Sister Richard. Sister Richard got uh she graduated on on Thursday. So we thank the Lord for blessing our sister. Congratulation again. Amen. Congratulation. Let's uh take some prayer needs here. Uh yes, sister Mary is now well and uh spoke to her yesterday and took a prayer name for her on the phone. So she asked that we remember her in prayer and uh shalom saints of God kindly join me in prayer. I will be traveling this week. That's from brother Hillary. So we want to remember that and uh as you can all see um up here leading sons this morning. Brother Lawrence is not well. Uh we have uh some discomfort in his neck and his legs. So we had to go over to see him this morning and pray with him. So So you have a spared song leader this morning. Praise the Lord. So just get ready to go with the wave. Amen. Okay. You see me jumping then we have to jump. When I start running then we have to run. Praise the Lord. Amen. And so we just want to remember our brother and uh uh brother Jala and sister uh Bridget send a prayer need to remember them. They will not be in church with us this morning. And uh sister Masa also called this morning ask that we pray for her and also pray for her family. So we just want to bring all of these knees to the Lord. Let's just bow our hearts together. Good to see you, brother Steve, Sister Sandy, Sister Amy. Good to see you all. Praise the Lord. [Music] Amen. Reach out and touch the Lord. Let's just sing the earth. You will find he's not too busy. to our hearts cry. He is passing by this moment all our needs. He will supply. Reach out and touch the Lord. I see goes by. Oh, let's reach out and touch the Savior as he passes by. You will find he's not too busy to your heart cry. He is power. Sing by this moment all your need. He will supply. Reach out and touch the floor as he goes by. Heavenly Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, Lord G, we hold these knees Lord of your children. Father, we thank you for blessing our sister and the many Lord that went through school this year, Father and some, oh Lord God, yet to finish what they are doing. We pray that God you will continue to bless them. Father, we also want to lift into your hands our traveling ones, Lord God. And brother Hillary asking for the traveling and journey mercy that Lord, you would grant it to him. And I pray father that you would just bless our brother Lord God and his wife away you be with them Lord Jesus and uh James too father in the name of the Lord Jesus we also want to take the sick need to you father we pray almighty God for sister Mary Lord we commit into your hands so father we remember Lord God brother Wesley and sister Carrie this morning as well father god we will lord pray for our dear sister Huffman dear God in Iowa, Father, that uh Lord Jesus, in Ohio, that prayer request came through this morning. Father, we want to commit into your hands, Lord Jesus. We pray, Father, for Brother Lawrence, that is not feeding word, oh God, we just ask that your grace, oh Father God, Lord, will go on their behalf. Rebuke the enemy, Father, from over the health of your children, Lord Jesus. Oh dear God, father we pray Lord Jesus Christ for sister Master Lord God and Father Lord God and the prayer need Father for her health and for the family. We commit that into your hands too dear God Jesus. Oh, what a wonderful savior you are. Lord, blessed be your holy name this morning, Father. You are our great physician, oh God. Precious Lord, we prayed also, Father. We remember God, Father, Sister Alice, Lord, that she possibly travel, Father God, for uh the funeral service of her mother-in-law, as brother Ben, oh God, Father, is overseas. We commit that into your hands as well, Lord Jesus. So father believing that your grace lord will watch over their home and the children. Brother Vincent and sister Emily Lord God from Indiana Lord are also traveling too father to call in know God that we will pray for them. We want to remember them this morning as well. Oh precious Lord we are reaching out to you father. We are reaching out to you Lord Jesus because we know Father God your hands is not too heavy neither your ears Lord Father God to reach unto us oh God. So we pray oh father you would just come bless us in your presence now Lord we want to commit the service to you father Lord and ask that you come in a special way and bless us Lord come in a special way and speak to us oh God what a wonderful savior you are we love you we thank you in the name of the Lord Jesus we pray amen and touch the Lord as he goes. Oh yeah. Reach out and touch the Lord as he passes by. You will find he's not amazing till yet. Your heart dry. He is found. Sing by this moment all our needs. He will supply. [Music] Reach out and touch the Lord as he goes [Music] by. You know, a couple of weeks ago, it was the Holocaust Memorial Week. So uh uh the the girls were talking about it at home and then I thought uh uh you know uh I was thinking about it. So I wrote that's what you hear that behold how pleasant it is. I wrote some few uh Jewish songs down. I thought I was going to do it. But you know these days my brain don't hold things like it used to. So then I forgot. So uh this morning since it's fall on my lot to lead songs I thought we would do a few of those songs. Uh awake O Israel let's sing there this morning. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's just sing there this morning. Amen. [Music] Awake, O is shake up your slumber and the truth shall set you free out I know come your deliverance in the year to be with [Music] me. Oh [Music] hallelujah. Halleluah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelu. Praise God. [Music] Give me one minute. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's uh the Jewish Psalms go a little bit faster. Even though I'm slow, I'm the one holding you back. And also uh uh you know you if we just clap our hands in sync like this. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Awake Israel, shake up your slumber and the true just. Oh out of Zion come your deliverer in the year of Jubilee. Halleluah. Oh hallelujah. Halleluah. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelu. Halleluah. Praise the Lord. boweth in the [Music] fullness. For your iron I give you s for your bride I gave you gold. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Halleluah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Halleluah. Praise the Lord. Thou are my chosen. I have I will gather all those who gather. I will bring them to the land. Halleluah. Oh hallelujah. Halleluah. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Halleluah. Praise the Lord. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. [Music] Halleluah. Halleluah. Oh hallelu. Halleluah. Praise God, Lord. Oh man, praise the Lord. It's not a good thing to have a good song and you don't have a good singer. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. The Lord bless you. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. Uh, brother Eric gave me a a special that I think uh redeem they say you have a special. Uh, yes. Come up. Come and sing your special. Okay. [Music] Just sing along with her as we worship together. [Music] [Music] above [Music] power and all created things of all w and all the always a [Music] man. You were here before the world began. Be above all kingoms. Above all, above all, the world never know. Above all hell, all treasures on the earth. [Music] There are no way to measure what your crucified crucified left behind the song you live to die reject. like a rocker on the ground. You took the fall and got me above all powers above all kings above all natures and all creation. created things above all wisdom and all the ways of man. You were here before the world began. [Music] Crucify where behind the stone. You [Music] left rejected and alone like a world and put on the ground. You took the fall in the heart of [Music] me above [Music] all the baby. [Music] You live to die. Rejected like a ros on the ground. You took the fall and thought of me above all. Thank you Lord. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Oh, like a rose. [Music] Praise the Lord. Let's sing that uh u song we have uh he abide here he abide the deacons will take up the the offering and I'm rejoicing night and day. [Music] Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk this pilgrim way for the hands of God in all my life I see and the reason of my place. Yeah. The secret is this. Now the comforter of God with me. Oh he abide. He abide. Oh hallelujah. Christ abide with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comforter that are with me. Oh, once my heart was full of sing and I had no peace with me till I heard that Jesus died on the tree. Then I felt at his feet and they came up be so sweet with me. Oh he abides. He abides. Oh hallelujah. Christ abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day and I walk the narrow way. All the comfort of God. He's with me. Oh, he is with me everywhere. And he knows my every gift. I am happy as I'm so free. For the spirit have control. Jesus satisfy my soul. Now the comfort sh Oh yes he abide. He abides. Hallelujah. Christ abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and I walk the narrow way for the comfort of there's no thirsting. There's no thirsting for the things. All the world is taking wind. All I know I give him up and instantly. All my night have turned to pain and my burning rose away. All the comfort abound. Oh yeah. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing that in the narrow way. Oh, the comforter blessing here. Oh, he abides. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. Christ abides with me. I'm rejoicing not. I want a narrow way. Oh, the comforter can rise with me. Amen. Amen. When Isaiah came, that was his message speaking about John the Baptist. Comfort ye, comfort ye my people. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing uh uh the comforter has come. Amen. Since we talked singing about a comforter, let's sing the comforter has come and we will try to change the order of the service here. And uh uh sister Rachel and her sisters are married, their daddies with us. So I ask him to just bring us a little uh exitation this morning. And uh so he will be preaching for us. And uh but let's sing this song and then before we change the order of the service. The deacon should not bring him. The deacon should not bring [Music] him. Oh spread the valley around wherever man found wherever he and him abound. And every priest and thong proclaim the joyful song. The come to has come. The comforter has come. The comforter has come. The Holy Ghost from heaven. I find a promise gi where is founder has [Applause] come the long one night the morning break at last and wash the drop and pull Holy hill. Yes, the soldier has come. Oh yes, the comforter. The comforter has come. The Holy Ghost from heaven. The fin go spread the town around wherever is found and come for both the kings of kings with healing wings to every soul and holy living and down the song of we has come. The comfort has come. The comforter has come. The Holy Ghost from heaven. Our father is given the call for has come. Oh, the comforter has come. The comforter has come. The Holy Ghost from heaven. The father promise gre has [Applause] [Music] come. Amen. Amen. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. The Lord bless you. You may have your seat. Praise the Lord. Amen. Glory be to God. Could be in the house of the Lord again. Amen. I had some few things on my heart that I would have loved to talk to you as a church about. One of them was uh majorly on our children's Sunday school that we have gone away from a long time since uh after co we didn't come back to that and uh uh I really thought that we should we should be able to talk about that and and address that you know I always have some plans. Amen. I always have some plans. So, but uh we won't take all of the service to do that this morning. Uh since we have a visitor, we want to just uh um talk about that as home folks whenever we are with ourself. But uh before we change the order of the service, I will have brother Steven comes up. I just sneak him out there just now and whisper something in his ear. So, come on, brother. Come on. [Applause] Bless you, brother. Yes, that's fine. Appreciate you, brother. We all appreciate this, brother. My name is Steven Bear. Some of you don't know me. I come to church here for a good little while. And uh I don't know what to say, but the Lord's really been good to me. Amen. Uh he's my everything. Amen. Uh just thank God for the revealed word of God for our day and hour. That's where our paths are crossed. Yeah. If it hadn't been for that messenger to come, where would we be? Right. So, uh I just want to thank you that I can come and stand before you. I tell you I love you. I believe you're God's children. You know, we all want to believe we're one of his. you know, uh he knows his very own and uh we feed on the infallible word of God and uh uh just it's just a good opportunity that we can just stand before you and and tell you that we love you. We draw strength from one another. We draw strength from the word of God. We come here to honor his resurrection. Amen. and to feed on that body work. Amen. You know, and uh one day this will all be over. We we won't we all want to make it. Our prophet told us, don't miss it for nothing. We're going to do all we can do to make it. The devil's going to do all he can do to try to stop us from making. But the victory's already won. You know, we love him. We just appreciate him. Now, Brother Juan's got to show up here cuz I'm not a speaker. Brother Juan, I appreciate this opportunity. I just want to tell you I love you and I appreciate this young man right here. I've got to hear him preach a couple times. And uh you you've really astounding me with your ministry, brother. And the first time I heard him preach, I wasn't here to hear him, but I said, "Brother Juan," I said, "Is that first time that brother spoke?" He said no, he uh he's been speaking some family gatherings or home gatherings or something another. But brother Ariel, we appreciate you, brother. So just thank you again for the opportunity. Now we we we we come here for best part of two years, couple years maybe. And when we left here, I didn't know we was leaving as quickly as we did. And so my daughter, my wife is with us. uh she's uh taken uh moving her workplace from here in Wisconsin to uh Panama City in Florida. Uh that location down there and she's got her home down there at Southport. It's just a short ways, 20 minutes. So, uh that's where we've been back and forth and we've been back here for about a week. We come Monday night late and so uh Lord allowed us come to honor the resurrection with you people and uh you're just a lovely group and appreciate every one of you. So I got to shut up. God bless you. God bless you. Well, the praise the Lord, you know, it's one of those things where you say it without saying it, you know. So, uh uh in short, brother uh Stephen and his family based on the work of his daughter, they will be moving over to Florida, Panama, Florida. So, I thought since he was in service, he would be the good person to say it. And uh so that was that was just what all was about. So we want to keep them in our prayer. Sister Amy have to finish some uh uh things that she's doing there at her job before they finally move. So uh but they are in the moving process. So that's that was just all about that. Praise the Lord. So we just want to keep them in our prayers. Amen. Amen. Now, so we will we will not sing a song yet and then uh we will we will uh have our our dear brother to come and bring us this word. He knew me. He loved me. When he was on the cross, I was on his [Music] mind. Let's just worship him a little bit before the preacher comes. [Music] Yeah, you love me. [Music] He whose glory reigns the heaven shout. Oh, so unworthy. Let's just stand on our feet now. [Music] of such [Music] mercy. He was on the cross. I was on his mind. Let's sing that again. Oh yes, he knew me. Yeah, he loved me. He whose glory makes the heavens shine. I'm so [Music] unworthy of such mercy. When he was on the [Music] cross, I was so Let's sing it for the last time. Yes, he knew me. Yeah, he loved me. The Lord's glory be all heaven shine. Oh, so worthy. Yes, Lord. Such mercy. [Music] When he was on the [Music] cross, I was on his cross. Hallelujah. You believe that this morning? Amen. And when he was on the cross, I was on his mind. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Amen. When he was on his on the cross, I was on his mind. Praise the Lord. I'm a pagan and I'm a stranger. When the sins go mashing in, we'll sing that. Sing the chorus and then we will turn the service over to our brother. I'm just a pagan and a stranger and a stranger. I'm wandering through this world of s. I'm on my way to God's destiny. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh Lord, I want to be in the number when the saints go [Music] maring. Oh, when the saints go maring in the go [Music] maring. Oh Lord, I want to be in that. Oh [Music] my. Oh, my name. Oh, I know. [Music] God bless you all in the name of Jesus Christ. You may be sitting just for a while. I thank the Lord Jesus. for the grace they has given us to be together in this place. For me, I call the grace of God and I want to thank the pastor brother who has give me his place this morning. Fellowship. Yeah. To fellowship. and to fellowship with you all and I appreciate him a lot because he has been a pastor to my children and I've had uh my children have come to this church and maybe this morning there's only maybe two and there's only one that is And one is working in Arizona. [Music] [Music] and Jonathan her sister. He has been a pastor to them. and certainly appreciate him for that and to take care of the girls and also the boy. It's not easy job but God bless Richard Bessim and I also want to thank you all and also for the love that you have uh shared or you have given to my children and I felt that they were very comfortable among you and I'm really happy for that. May God richly bless you. Amen. God bless you. uh if and if biologically I don't have a family here and I but I know that I have a ham family and the Brandham family it's all of you and I feel very comfortable amongst you [Music] and thank you so much for the love that you have shared toward us and I've seen the pastor driving two hours to come and at the graduation of my daughter and it really touched me. May God richly bless him. May God rich bless him. May God bless you too. And this is the second time that the pastor has allowed me to speak. And I'm not a pastor. I'm brother Freddy. and my pastor's call by the Freddy [Music] Massudi and we are at the southeast south east of the Congo and precisely in Lubashi Shai and the church is called Elai Tabernaci and my pastor is brother Freddy Massudi and probably one of these days you'll have the chance to meet him and if we don't it happen that we don't meet here on earth but we will meet one of these day up there and I'm also not a great preacher and just a little bit of noise here and there and I know that the pastor is the great teacher And I think you are also well taught. And I was talking to Mariss, the younger the youngest sister of Mary Paul. She was just telling me [Music] something. Says, "When I was in high school in in the Congo, He says, "My faith when I was yet in the Congo in high school versus the faith that I have here with in this church with brother W." And I feel like I just went a little bit higher. It's not the same release, but today I have a more higher experience and definitely I can testify of it. They are my children. And I've noticed that just by them being among you and among the pastor and I've noticed that they've come even more to become more spiritual than they used to be used they used to be. And I appreciate the atmosphere that you guys have created around them. He has drawn them closer to God more than they were they used to be. May God be glorified for that. Amen. The last time I was here two years ago in 2023 and the weather really struck me bad. I didn't really appreciate the winter, but now I feel a little better and the weather's well and we are coming from a tropical hot climate and now I feel a little comfortable and now I can't stand the cold in here this morning. I would like to share some few things in the word of God. There are things that you already know. And when the pastor called me and I was trying to find something to read and to say, The Lord pushed me to say something here. We shall stand. We shall stand, please. this morning and we'll pray. Lord our father, we are coming before you humbly this morning. We want to read your word now. We want to invite you the word. You who have spoken through the mouth of a prophet that you come. You know the desire of our heart of every single one of us. You know every problem. You know my problem as well. We asking may you come with us. May you speak to us through your word because you have said when two or three will be gathered in my name I will be among you and we are here more than three. We want you to speak to us. May you take me as a person away side. May you speak to us just like a microphone that you can use this morning. You the God of really random. You're the God of brother one. The God of this church, the Lord Jesus Christ. We want you to descend. May you fellowship with us. May you give us something in your word that will console us so that when we will leave this place we might be like the disciple on the way to Emas. Did our heart burn within us as he was speaking to us? Give us something Lord through your word. Take the control of this place. Forgive our fault. Forgive our iniquities. Forgive our sins. Let your spirit be among us until the end of this service in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. I like to always like to preach with my my Bible uh with paper but I have not brought it and I just realized that I brought it last time. I'm going to read something here in the book of Esther uh chapter nine from the first verse to the fifth verse and I'll probably read a lot in the Bible today. Now in the 12th month, that is the month of Adar, on the third the 30th day of the same, when the king commandment and his decree drew near to put to be put in execution. In the day that the enemy of the Jews hoped to have power over them, though he was turned to the contrary, and the Jew had ruled over them that hated them, the Jew gathered themselves together in the city throughout all the provinces of the king as Assyus to lay hands on such as sought their hurt. and no man could withstand them, for the fear of them fell upon all the people. And all the rulers of the provinces and the uh lutinate and the deputies and officer of the king helped the Jews because the fear of Morai fell upon them. For Modi was great in the king's house, and the fame went out throughout all the provinces. For these men Modi wax greater and greater. Thus the Jews smokeote all the en their enemies with the stroke of the sword and slaughter and destruction and did what they would unto they would unto those that hated them. May God bless the reading of the word. You may be seated. [Music] We are seeing that we are in a time where many promises are being fulfilled. Now we notice that there's a new pope that is coming that is originally from the United States. It's everybody that are speaking or talking about it. And back there in the Congo, there was a a Catholic priest that has taken that prophecy. And I have a lot of prophecy that brother Benham gave. Where is the pope that is coming from the United States? But now when the pope was actually voted, the brothers from the message They said, "Okay, here's here's the prophecy that has been fulfilled after almost 50 years." He he couldn't even argue anymore. Hallelujah. And it's to let you know that God remains Godl. All the prophecy that was given by brother Bannam and we are seeing that it is being fulfilled. This is the time in which we're living in and all this prophecy will be [Music] fulfilled. It is also the time that the bride of Jesus Christ has to reach maturity. We are reaching maturity through the word of God or by the word of God. And I've seen And I've seen that this is a farmer land says one uh when uh uh corn grows at a certain level and he has to be exposed to the sun to grow. To grow. Yeah. To grow. Okay. It has to be exposed to the sun to grow. And this is exactly the time that we are living in. Now the bride has to be exposed to the sun and the son is Christ. It is the word of God. We have to be exposed or in front of the word. And now when the pastor is preaching, when you read the Bible, when you read the message, when you listen to the message, it brings Christ in your heart, people's heart, it brings them in in a personal contact with Jesus Christ. That's why people are growing. As brother Benham speaks of the statue of a perfect man, he says from faith to virtue and growing growing until they reach this the the peak. And this is the time in which we're living in. And my message this morning, it's just a little message about faith just to encourage the the people And sometime I wonder said somebody want to hear something good. You cannot always you know talk bad to to your your wife or your your wife at a certain level and at a certain time you need to say you have done a wonderful job. your you cooked well and you have also to tell her that you love her and that just give her encouragement and just she feel [Music] assured the message is not just to blame people no just also to encourage us and after all and God knows what in what way we are formed and how we are created. He knows that we have mistakes, failures. He also knows he has to give us word of encouragement to give us strength and words that will encourage us to fight. Amen. And I would like to take a little small subject. in the first verse there in Esther chapter uh chapter nine. Now in the 12th month, that is the month of Adar, the 13th day of the same, when the king commandment and decree drew near to be put in execution. In the day that the enemies of the Jew hoped to have power over them, though it was turned to the contrary, that the Jews had rule over them that headed them. If I can talk about something to this morning is the contrary that happened. It's the contrary that happened in our life. Amen. The contrary. Now if you look in the book of Esther, It's a book that shows clearly that that there was a king that was Asseris the king and he had a queen called Vashi. Now you can go back in in Esther chapter one and I want to just go back a little bit and to remind you about the story. You can go back and read it. There was a king and that had a kingdom called Seuss in the capital city and the king had a a queen that was called Vash. And as we are going, you would notice that there's a man also called Mori. Now the book is describing that the king represent the king is a type of of God and the queen is a type of the bride. Now if you read now you would notice that Malachi Mori is the type of is a type of William Brandham we we are the believers of Malachi 4 and you will notice that in the type that we will be talking about for a few minutes I don't think that will be long [Music] He he was very rich. Now he he he put together like a a a feast song. Now in the first verse, now if you notice, now he had a feast unto all the provinces and and his servants. The Bible says verse eight, and the drink was according to the law, and none did compel. For so the king had appointed all the officers in his house, and should should do according to every man's pleasure. Now when he was pleased and was happy, He had called his wife to show everybody to his all his. Now notice verse n also Vasha the queen had a feast for the women in the the royal house which belonged to the king Aseris. Notice something in verse 10. On the seventh day when the heart of the king was made with wine says and brother Benham says the wine is the stimulation of revelation now when brother brother one preach the revelation he he's excited and the church is also excited he says now the wine has you know taken the king he said, "I would like to call Vata the queen and to to present her to all my my those that were invited." Now in verse 10, on the seventh day, when the the heart of the king was Mary wine, he ordained or commanded me whatever harmonas zet card cast the seven chamlain that served in the presence of Asser the king. Now if you notice here the Bible says the seventh day. We are at the seven church ages. [Music] Notice something here. [Music] He also commanded seven chamlin. Yeah. Now if you know this, you could count with me. [Music] Abaka, zetar, zetar, and carcass. Seven. There were seven of them and the seven church ages with seven messengers. The Bible says in the book of Revelation in first chapter in the right hand of the one that was standing in the midst of the ch uh uh the candlesticks he had seven stars. There was no more than seven. There were none less than seven. There were seven stars. And today you and I we cannot pretend to take the place of the seventh church messengers. We cannot take the place of William Vanam. If we take the place of brother Bham. We will make the scripture to fail or not to not be true and that will be eighth. But in his hand there were seven. And now the Bible is bringing the tide. In the seven streets, he commanded the seven messengers. There were seven of them. And we know today what had brought us together is the seventh messenger. Amen. Glory. Now we'll go for move forward a little bit. And the king would would call the the the his queen so that she he can present her to to them. There are things that can move forward a little bit. The Bible says and Vashta refused to come and and respond to the call of the king. And the the king was very rough, very rough. And the the wise men of the city, the the an the ancients, they were very uh uh mad mad and and they proposed to the king. It says to to make it uh to to uh verse in verse 20 even 19, if he pleases the king, Let there go a royal commandment for from him and let it be written among the law of Persian and maid that it be not altered shall come no more before the king Osiris and let the king give a royal estate unto another that is better than Let let's publish that the the queen will never appear before the king. And you know this message, it has not come for us. Now this message was addressed to the Pentecostal people. But when they rejected to accept it, they went back into the system in the ism. And God has turned his eye toward us. us. And the Bible says, John chapter one, let's read it real quick. John chapter one. I'll start reading verse 9. It speaks of the light that was the true light. He was in the way. He came out. Yeah. Which like every man cometh into he came out. Oh, he came unto his own. Yeah. and his own receive him not. He had come unto his own, and his own received him not. But as many as received him, to them gave he the power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name. Amen. Amen. But those that have received him, he gave him power to become sons of God. That's why today we have believed this message. We are beneficiaries of all the resurrection power of Jesus Christ because they have rejected him. The Pentecostal have rejected him. They have rejected the message. Now William Brandham went to seek for the bride that we the bride that we are. And the Bible says to all that have received him and to believe those that I believe on his name to them gave he power to become son of God. It's God who has given power. It's God that gives you power. It's not by the choice of a man. Do you believe that? is God who gives power. It's the choice of God. Now if you are here, you are the choice of God. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. When I come to this message, I have to be sure that I am the choice of God. that God has given me power to become or to be his son. And that's what the Bible says. And the king said, "The Vasha will no longer appear before the king. She cannot appear before me and the ancient and the sages of the the of the kingdom." Now we are in verse uh in verse two in chapter two. Esther, we move forward a little bit. They said, "Let now seek in all the provinces of the city, the young ones, young women, and we will wash them. We're gonna wash them with uh special arom uh perfumes and aromas. They had a a a special bath or a special area. And the Bible speaks here in verse two. Then the king's servants and the minister let there be a fair young virgin sought for the king. [Music] and virgin and fair young virgin uh sought for the king. Now watch verse four. Yeah, I'm just going to go a little faster. Brother one can can teach that for six months in verse four. Now let the men which pleased the king be queen instead of ashtai. And that was the advisers of the king. Now the Bible says that you know this uh uh uh thought please the king and the thing pleased the king. And now Now there was also in the capital capture city in verse five. Now in in Sushan the palace there was a certain Jew whose name was Mori. He had this his knees his niece that called Esther which means which which means and now if you go even further in the Greek Esther means star. Okay. He had she didn't have a father. She had lost her father. She had lost her mom mother. She was adopted by Morai. And Morai when he had heard of it they will pick up young virgin to be presented before the king. And I'll also make sure that I insert this young girl among to be part of the group. In verse 12, he says, "Now when every maid's turn was come to go to the king Asaris, after that which has been 12 months according to the man of the women." So during that time They were taking care of them, six month with oil of myrr and six month with sweet [Music] order and with other things for the pur purifying of the women. Now you would notice that they had a special bath and that special bath is coming from the word of God and to take away all things that are not of the world. All the things that are of the world they had a special bath there. Now if you continue now I'll go a little further. In uh uh Esther 2:20, Esther had not yet shown her kindred nor her people, nor her people. as Mori had charged her. Amen. Notice for Esther did the commandment of Mori like as when she was brought up with him. Praise the Lord. I don't know if you are paying attention on this. For Esther, Morai told her, "Don't reveal your identity. Don't tell them where you're coming from when you were born." No. Don't talk about it. That's right. And the Bible says she she she faithfully kept verse 20 did did the commandment of Mori like as when she was brought up with him. Amen. You notice the the the the job that we have to do. Amen. To faithfully follow what William Brham had said. faithfully and I believe that you are more privileged people than we are because came from this country and the messages started from here going everywhere around the world. Please forgive me. And this time I feel like I'm really hot. And this girl, this young girl, the Bible says, it's a type of a church, a woman, is a type of a of a of of a church. She faithfully followed what Mori had commanded her. Even when she was in at Morci's house, under the the the the turing of Modi. Amen. She was faithfully following the command. Even when she was brought over there to be washed, to be presented to the king, she was still following the command of Modi. Praise the Lord. That's good. You notice what we have to do faithfully to follow faithfully what Malachi 4 have said. Amen. Amen. When brother Venom speaks, we speak. When brother Venom does not speak, we don't speak. Amen. Amen. Faithfully. We move forward a little bit. Now something happened when God is about to do something. He moves on one side and he pulls on the other side. He pulls something here and he pulls on both side. Amen. Amen. Now notice something here in verse 21 and 23 and 23. Uh 22 and 23. Now there are also uh other camel. Okay. There were also people that were other officers of the kingdom. They were also plotting against the king. Now you will notice chapter 2 verse 21. In those days while Morci sat in the king's gate victim victim terish the two uh the king two king chamblings of those the keep of the lord was wrought and sought to lay hand on and sought to hand to to lay hands on the king asseras. Let's explain it clearly. They were plotting against the king. And we have the same way we have noticed that the President Trump was shot at and now Morcai had heard and Morai had heard had heard that the two chaml that were talking they had a certain movement plotting and desiring to to assassinate the king. And when he heard of it verse 22 and the things were known to Machi who told it unto Esther the queen. And the Esther certified the king thereof in the in Modi's name. And when the king had verified uh the the the information the news, it was true. And those people were caught and many things had happened. He says when God is about to do something, he he works on both side. Amen. Amen. He prepares something on one end because he knows that he will work down the line in verse three in chapter three. [Music] Now there was also a man that raised to power. There was Amen. Now if you read the Bible after the king, Ammon was the second man in command. Now after these things did King Asserus promote Ammon the son of Ammonada the guy the egite. He he promoted them and after the king he was like a vice president like here ammon had a lot more power a lot of power. he was uh having dominating and what he would say would actually put to action when he says something and they were executing the the now here in the Bible now when he he walks or pass when he's walking and people had to men to salute him him him a man and require a lot of honor from from the people. But there was one man that went was walking. He never stood up. He didn't care. Amen. Amen. You know the book of Daniel in the Bible said everyone had to bow down to the statute. Daniel says, "No, I can't do it. I cannot bow down throw you in the the lion den." He says, "Even if you throw me there to worship the statue." It's the same with Modi. He had the character. He could not compromise with anything. Amen. He says me bow down before. No. And Ammon noticed it. And the Bible says when Ammon noticed it, he desired to kill him. Not only him alone and all his people after him. because he knew that Modi was a Jew. Said that all the provinces of the city of the country prophets and there were many Jews scattered all over. Now, do you believe that you are Israel spiritually? He says, "We have to kill this man." And he would say, you talk to the king. He said, "King, I'm going to give you a lot of money and then you will throw it in your treasury." And you read in the Bible and the king was very happy and he says, "Oh king, this is in all your provinces, even here in the capital city and there are a group of people that do not follow the the king commandments. And I would like the king to sign a a command or a decree so that I can kill all this group of people. And he was favored by the king. And you can read it here in the Bible in verse 9. And if you please the king, let it be written that they may be destroyed. and I will pay 10,000 talent of silver to the hands of those that have and to those that have the charge of the business to bring it into the kingdom. And the king took off his ring, his ring from his head and gave it to Ammon. That was a Jew's enemy. Ammon a Jew's enemy. Okay. He says yes. He had prepare a gallow so that they can't kill Mori. He had a project so that they can't kill all the Jews. Are you with me? Amen. I want to tell you something good. Amen. God has a purpose for every single one of us. [Music] God has a purpose for every single one of us. And brother Benham says there's no power in hell. We hinder the purpose of God to fulfill in your life. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. No power from hell. No army, no one can decide but in your life because you have a specific purpose. If God bless you in this church, there's a purpose, a precise purpose. Amen. Amen. He has to give you assurance. I don't know if I can read something from brother Benham here. in the message. I know my redeemer liveth April April 69 58. No. And I want to read something just to encourage you. Don't lose sight. We are here when ammon is planning to destroy the Modi. He's planning to kill Modi and all the Jews. Yeah. Read the 12 paragraph. Are you following me? Amen. Are you here? I didn't get you tired, right? Is that No matter how small you are, how big you are, how important you are, how much little less of importance you are, you are here to fulfill a purpose. Amen. Amen. [Music] The same as my finger is here for a purpose. The nail is here for a purpose. Okay. He says he was not just placed here to uh uh to to just to be shown to to be shown when he will be placed here. He was put here to fulfill the purpose in which it was intended. It was the plan of God to do so. We have been placed here for a purpose. Watch something here. Therefore, there could be nothing can kill us as long as the purpose of God is fulfilled. Nothing. Amen. Not even an accident, even sickness. He says nothing can destroy us. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He says nothing can destroy us. Yeah. There you go. Nothing can arm us until the purpose of God has been put here for has been made manifest. No, nothing can Nothing can harm us. Amen. Okay. He says, "Nothing can arm us until that purpose that God has put us here for has been made manifest, no matter how much trouble we have, how much how much heartache and sorrows that we go through, all of these are are reasons There is a reason for it. He continues to say he's speaking about Noah. He talks about Noah. [Music] He says the floor that come. I'm going to go talk about it. It says God's purpose can never be defeated. Yes. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. He says God's purpose can never be defeated. There is nothing that can defeat it. So how much are we to be happy today resting resting upon the beautiful revelation of the word of the living God that there is neither things present nor things that can help there is no sickness no sorrow no death no care nor nothing can separate us from the purpose of the living Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. He give us assurance says what God had image in his mind what God has imagined in his mind about you for you. Amen. Amen. All of this scripture we apply it to ourselves. He says everything that God has imagined in his mind. What God has purposed in his heart to bring it to pass. There is no demon. There's no power. There is nothing. There is nothing that can ever separate God's immortal eternal plan. Amen. It must be as God has said. If God has purposed you to be his son, And to be in this last day, you will always believe this message. Amen. Amen. God has a purpose for every single one of us. He has to give us assurance of confidence when we walk. You have to know that you you you are in the choice of God. The purpose of God in my life. Amen. I can be sick. I can have uh different things happening. I can suffer. It's not that things that would actually hinder the purpose of God to be fulfilled. No, it's not the one who shot at the President Trump to be president. God saw him to be president. That's why the bullet cross him. is the same with your life. It's the same thing with my life. What God has placed for your for your life must be fulfilled in your life. Amen. Amen. And you believe you understand now. and Ammon set the plan to destroy the Jews and so forth. That was his plan. Now my subject is then the contrary happened. Amen. He planned he set up a plan. Then he even let the king to approve it. He actually allowed the king to sign the degree. Amen. Thank you Lord. But the the 13th day or at a certain date specific date they will destroy all the Jews in the promise of the king province of the king. But notice something here at the same time and as all the the young virgin was passing in front of the king, maybe they will help they will uh allow them to walk in the certain house and before they go before the king and they'll let them pass by the king and after the the bath or the toilet or after a certain period of time they will actually pass all walk before the king and the Bible says in the book of Esther. Now if the the king looks and approve of her and he will raise his staff and that specific young virgin had to replace Bashai. I'm not going to read but you read yourself. It's not a a long a a a long book I think to read. Now, something particular happened before the young girl to be presented before the king, she went through a certain house. In that very specific house, there were many different things. There were many gifts. And one girl will say, "Oh, I'm going to take this and I'll take a Cadillac. I'll take all of these big things and I'll take a little bit makeup and to be beautiful and all of these things. But when she went just before the king and she was already carrying a lot of stuff in her head, you noticed Okay. And the king would just unsimply understand. She does not desire to be a queen. She want gifts. Do you understand? She does not desire to to actually be a queen. But watch Esther that was led by Mori. Modi told her now even if you go through the house don't take anything. Amen. Amen. Because Esther was telling herself if I have the approval of the king I will be king queen and if I'm queen all of these things will belong to me. The bride today is founded on the revelation, the revelation of the word. And that's what makes the difference between us and the rest of the people. Amen. Amen. Glory. And Esther had that revelation. She was following the command of Modi, faithfully following the command as he was she was in the time in the house of Morai. Amen. Amen. And that's the same as the bride of the end time must follow William Random and faithfully follow. Esther presented herself before the king. She had absolutely nothing. She was telling herself in her heart, if I can find favor before the king, before the king, all of these things, all these kingdom will belong to me. And all these women pass uh pass. And in her turn, the Bible says, She found favor before the king and the king lift up himself and she was the one that was chosen to be queen is the same as today that we're not part of the promise. We are part we are partakers of the promise and today we are the bride of Jesus Christ. Yeah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. We'll continue. Amen. In verse four, and now she installed herself to be queen. In verse three, Ammon planned to destroy all of them. Amen. Amen. a plan its own project in in chapter chapter 4 verse one. Yeah, I'll try to watch the time. Pastor, what time am I supposed to stop? and Mori perceive all that was done. Modi rent his clothes. When he heard of the plan of Ammon to kill Mori to kill the the Jew the Jews. He rented his clothes and cover himself with sackcloth and with uh and put on sackloth with ashes and went out into the midst of the city and cried with a loud and bitter cry and came even before the king's gate. For none might be enter into the king's gate clothed with sackcloth and the servant of Esther and the the guards of Esther FBI all the FBI and and I'm I'm talking and and I'm bringing it to the present time and all the security of the king of the queen. He says there's a man that is sitting there in sack cloth at the door. We cannot allow such a man with sack cloth to be around the palace and in the white house. Okay? And they ran and they went to ask went to notify Esther. And now if you noticed Esther has taken the uh the clo clothes. She had take taken some clothes and give it to one of the unic to give to Morai and to bring it to Mori. Now they can kill you if you sit here Morai. But you have to uh be well dressed or dress this cold. Uh where this clothes that something good the Bible says according to the law of men and Persians no man was allowed to actually present himself before the king if the king does not approve or call them. If the king does not call you, do not go. If you go, they will kill you. Esther knew it. She knew the law and she said to Mori, "How can I present myself before the king?" No, there's a law that exists. Verse 12, uh, chapter 4:12. And they told to Mori, Esther's word, there's somewhere there Now, there's a place here that Esther told Mori for all the Jews to fast for three days and three nights. in verse 11 and all the king's servant. It was verse 11 that the king did not call her. Now, verse 13, you read all of this. Read the Bible at home. Verse 13. Then Mori commanded to answer Esther, think not with thyself that thou shall escape in the king's house. That because you are in the house, the king's house. Morionsibility places Esther before a responsibility. You will not escape alone because because because you are in the house of the king in the following verse. It really pleases me. For verse 14, for if thou altogether holdest that peace at any at this time, then shall they enlargement and deliverance. arise to the Jews from another place. But thou and thy father's house shall be destroyed. Now then shall they enlargement and deliverance arise to the Jews from another place, but thou and thy father's house shall be destroyed. Now watch what the this chapter says in continuing verse 14. And who knoweth, whether thou are come to the kingdom for such a time as this. Amen. Who knows? If it's not the time as this that you have come to this place to the kingdom. Amen. Amen. That's why we have to have love who knows where you are. It is actually appointed for this time to to support the brother to support the sister. [Music] But if you were You notice that if you let it go, you'll be per you'll perish with you and your family. And the Bible says, help enlargement and deliverance will arise to the Jews from another place. But if you don't do anything, if you are a a self, if you are selfish, if you don't do anything, notice two second Timothy chapter 3. It speaks of the characteristic of the end time. They can project it. It says people will be selfish. They will be blasphemous. Blasphemous. Yeah. They will have a form of godliness. But denying the power thereof is the characteristic of the end time. And Monica showed to people selfish. They want everything for themsel. That's true. If you notice in this age, We already we always talk about God in human flesh which is of course a scripture that is fulfilled in this end time. But if you notice there's a Bible here second Timothy. We we have to read this second Timothy chapter 3 and when I will preach I'm just going to preach it. This know also that in the last day perilous time shall come for men shall be lovers of their own self. They will be love of the of their own self. Coveters, boasters, proud blasphemers, disobedience to parents, children that disobedient to their parents, unthankful, unholy, It is the characteristic of this end time. It is the scripture that has to be fulfilling this time. That's true. The children will be disobedient to their parents. It's different than the the message of William Brham. The message the will of Miriam to teach us taught us as children to respect our parents. Yes. The message is a higher civilization. It It's It's classic. It's classization. It's the highest civilization. Amen. That shows all that shows all things the way that it is. Everything has to be placed in position in its own place. Yes. Amen. Amen. Amen. Me as a children, I'll respect my parents. I obey my parent. But today children the Bible says there will be perilous time. Amen. Amen. We're just going to not we'll move on. Now I want you to noticed Ammon had planned had the project. He had uh uh pushed the king to sign or to decree so that the king can sign. And the project was to destroy all the Jews. And now Esther said to Ammon, "H verse 15," Esther said to Mori, "Go gather all the the the Jews that are in Susan. Fast for ye for me, neither eat nor drink three days or day. I also and my maidens will fast likewise. So I will uh will I go into the unto the king which even the law requires which is not according to the law. But if I perish I perish. But you fast and they fasted. There are some situations in the life of a Christian of a believer. We have to fast. We have to put everything aside and just eat something simple or little for prayer. Prayer is part of the the uh the weapons of a of a believer. Amen. Amen. A believer cannot just sit there and not pray. He says, "Go gather all the Jews, pray for me, fast for me." And I know that the there's a law that says if the king does not call you don't get close if I perish I perish. Amen. Amen. Amen. She has taken the responsibility of the thing. We have to take the responsibility. This church, it's not just for brother one. It's for all for you too. It's for the brother. It's for the sister. Amen. Every single one where wherever you are, wherever you are, do something so that the church can move forward. Amen. If you have to pray for the church, pray for the church. And remember, brother, when you preached the the teaching on Moses, he says, He says, "The mother of Moses, Abra, Abra, you will tell Abraham, you come from work, you're very tired, you have to actually go to the attic in the the the the room to pray and somebody else cannot do it. Abraham said if somebody does not do it I will have to do it. No matter how tired I am. No matter how tired you are pray for the church. Pray for the children. Amen. We have the responsibility to pray for our children. We're living in the very uh uh in a bad in a in a a bad age. Yeah. In a rotten uh uh uh city. There's no Bibles in in in schools anymore. They remove God out of the schools. If you don't pray for your children, the consequences will be even greater. Amen. We have to pray for our children. I have quotes here. It says mother have to pray for the children. I have a citation or quotes. I'm not going to read it here. We have to pray for our children it's not that the problem but now after they had prayed and the Esther went before the king verse chapter 5 verse one. Now it came to pass on the third day. Now if you watch carefully the the mathematics of God are very respected. The seventh day, the third day Esther put on her royal apparel. What does the royal apparel means? It's the Holy Ghost. Amen. And Esther put on her royal apparel and stood in the inner court of the king's house over against the king's house. And the king sat upon this royal throne and in the royal house verse two. And when the king saw Esther the queen standing in the court, he obtained favor in the in his sight. Hallelujah. Amen. Glory. Amen. When the queen the king saw Esther, she obtained favor before the king. Amen. Amen. But but there was a law. If they don't call you, what was it? It was the contrary that happened that's happened. The contrary of the law and the king straight forth his his staff. And Esther had entered. Verse three, the king says, "What will thou Queen Esther? And what is thy request? It shall be even given to thee the half of the kingdom. Amen. It shall be given to you. Amen. Amen. It is not what William asked brother sister. If if you want this whole house filled with money, it will be given to you right here. Now you see the power that is into your in your hand. Yeah. Esther answered verse seven says, "My petition, my request is if I found favor in the sight of the king, if he pleased the king to grant my petition that to perform my request, let the king and Ammon come to a banquet." Amen. I'm going to organize a banquet in that specific uh feast called banquet make the king come with amen. Amen. And I will have two banquets for two for two days. the first day I'll have a banquet where all of you guys will eat and the following day the same and the king came and ate you can read the whole chapter now now and the second day now the night of the second day or verse six. Chapter 6 now verse one. On that night, could not the king sleep, he he commanded to bring the book of record, the the record of the chronicles that they were read before the king. Then there it was found written that Morci had told of Betam and Teres the two of the king's chamblants the keeper of the door who sought to lay hands on the king Assyus. You see how God does things. She organized a banquet the first day and she never actually expose her request or tell her this request. She kept it. She said you have to come again the second day and the feast was continued and bring Ammon as well. That was your his vice president. And they went also the second day. But that very night the king did not sleep. He was having an insomnia. He didn't sleep. And sometime when you don't sleep at night. He said, "Let me just play brother Benham a little bit throughout the night and I'll just take a book and the king and call all the rock commander to bring the book. of record of chronicles. He he started reading. He he find out that there was a man that had saved me from being assassinated. It was Mori that saved my life that day. But what what did they give to him? Like what did they do for him? I don't think that they recompense or give anything to him. Are you tired? [Music] Can I move forward a little bit? I don't want to take too much time. It's been two years that I never been here. Just a little bit more time. I'm coming to the end here. says, "What have you guys done to this man?" He said, "Nothing." But who is in in the court in in the whole court of the king? He says, "Oh, there's Ammon that is coming. He's just walking in." Ammon went in. He said, "Call him." Ammon. Ammon. What can we do? to honor the man that had saved the king's life and very proud air ammon can only be me. I mean only me. Who else? And they have to take verse eight. And Ammon says to the king, "For the men whom the king delightth to honor, let the royal appear be brought, which the king usth, and the horse that the king ride upon, and the crown royal, which is set upon his head, and let this appear or horse be delivered into the hands of one and that they may array the men with all that whom the kings delighted to honor and bring him in horseback throughout the street of the city and proclaim before him. Thus shall it be done to the men whom the king delightth to honor. Amen. Amen. He says, Ammon, call Morai. You do the same to Modi. Amen. Amen. Call Morai. Modi was recmp recompassed. Amen. Amen. Amen. She was it was it was promoted promotion comes from God. Amen. The Bible says he does all things at the right time. Amen. Amen. And the Bible says the brother says the way up is down. Amen. If you want to be promoted, try to be humble. Come down. Brother, preach a message. Humble thyself. He caused the bride to humble herself. Amen. We have to be humble. Humility is not be trashed at humility. Is to believe and to obey the word. That's right. It's not to be dirty. No. If you have a a a tie to give me, you give me me. I'll wear it. I love a a tie. It's not pride to be pride. Proud. No, I am humble in my heart. You have to be humble in your heart. You have to be humble in your heart. I'm continuing. Let's continue. Brother says the way up is down. And Ammon took Machi and and put him in the horse back. Ammon alone and we're trying to bring Malachi with with the the horse around in the in the horse uh city. Modi holds absolutely nothing. Founded himself promoted and honored. He was rewarded. Amen. Amen. Let's move forward a little bit faster now. Verse chapter 7. Now the king and Ammon came to the the banquet of Esther the queen verse two. And the second day the king said to to the uh to when they were drinking wine says what is your request Esther shall be granted unto you? What is that request? even the half of the kingdom you would obtain it. And they asked to the queen answered and said, "If I have found favor in your sight, oh king," now let's pay attention. I'm coming to the end now. If I find if he pleases the king, now if he pleases the king, let my life be given me at my petition. That's that's my petition and my people at my request and that's my desire. That's my petition. And the the king says I already signed a decree to kill all the Jews. I had already signed it. Oh my. Oh my brother, let me tell you, prayer can change the mind of God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Glory. Prayer can change the mind of God. Amen. And a prophet came to visit a a king in the Bible. He says, "Thus said the Lord, And that said the Lord can be taken back. When God says that said the Lord, that's it. It happens. It will happen in a few days you will die. And the king bowed himself and pray and pray. prophet and the very same prophet came back with another that said the Lord he say I give you 15 years 15 more years you know that you know the story in the Bible Amen. Amen. Your prayer, your faith can change the thought of God. Even if there was a project against you that can be changed. Amen. Amen. Because you are a believer. Amen. Amen. my brother says, "Give me my life." And my people and the king said, he says, "Who is he?" Where is he that does presume in his heart to do so? Who in this kingdom? And who is he? Where is he? Esther said, "The adversary and the enemy is this wicked Amon." And this wicked Amon. And then Ammon was afraid before the king and the queen. And the king arising from his banquet wine and went into the place garden and went to the the palace garden. Ammon stood up to make requests of his life to Esther for he he saw that there was evil determined against him by the king. Now Ammon trying to ask for forgiveness to the king, he went closer to the bed where Esther was laying. Now when the king came back with his in his wrath, he entered. He sees, he sees Ammon bowing down before the the bed of Esther. He said, "You want to also, you know, rape my wife." And the king was already rough and the position that he had also find Amon is even even double is rough. He says, "You want to rape my wife again? And that was the end. The end of Ammon. Now, the king grant unto Esther what? He she she requested says what do you want? Your life. I give you the life of your your people. when you had already wrote that you know you you already seal it with your your your ring you you cannot take back you cannot take it back the king says be written and it was w in the king's name and sealed with the king's ring and letter sent letters by post on horseback and riders and mules and camels. Verse 11. By these letters, the the king gave to the Jews in no uh in every city that they gather themselves together to stand or to gather and to uh to defend the life. to avenge themselves. Follow me. We have to finish and they will go read the Bible. Homework. That's a homework. Homework. That was the homework. Amen. There's no there's no service at night. Homework. That's a homework. Homework. That's a homework. [Music] Now the the the the king ordered the letter they they write letters and they sealed it and send it on horseback. They did not have post office. There were no DHL, but they had horses and they would seal those letters and they sent it away. But now watch, if you read the Bible, the king never annoyed. Read the Bible. But the second one that the the king [Music] sent give the power to the Jews to defend themsel. Now the day that the the battle had to happen, it says wherever they are, may they gather themselves together. May they defend or avenge themselves. Do you understand? But at that moment, Ammon is already dead. Now watch what happens. Ammon was hanged on the same tree that he he planned for Morai to be hanged on. That if somebody want to do wrong to you, he would turn back to him. True. Amen. The same uh uh tree is the same tree that they hang posted a hang amen and all the letter was sent verse 15. And Mori went out from the presence of the king in royal appear blue and white and a great crown of gold and with a garment of fine linen and purple and Mori came out. I remember brother Benham speaks of a dream that they saw him in the in the horse somewhere and to preach the gospel with eyes like flaming fire. He was lifted on the other side. And when he saw the vision on the other side beyond the curtain of time, he says, he says all, he asked himself, is all of these things, he says no is those that you have called to Christ, you have brought to Christ by your message. Amen. Amen. Amen. And they have taken him and they have elevated a little bit higher is because he says because on earth you were a king and you you were a chief. Amen. Amen. You a chief on earth. It says verse uh 16 the light [Music] glad joy and honor. Amen. Joy and honor because the plan of Modi of Amen. Amen. The project of Ammon was the contrary that had happened. Amen. Amen. Verse 9, chapter 9, the Bible says 91. Now in the 12th month that that is the month of Ad the 13th day of the the same when the king's command and the decree drew near to be to be put in execution in the day that the enemy of the Jew hoped to to have power over them though he was turned to the contrary. Do you understand now? When that day the king never changed his first letter was his first decree. But the second stop, the second commandment, the second that said the Lord gave the Jews the power to defend themselves. But that day when he had happened, the bride had the power to defend herself. Amen. Amen. the bride typified by the bride. Now the Bible says that day that the the enemy of the Jews they wanted to have power over them though he was turned to the contrary that the Jews had rule over them that hated them. That's why today we have to dominate God has given us the power to rule over even at work even at the business everywhere you might be. God has given you this message to rule over to dominate. It's the what? It's the contrary that happened. Amen. the all the evil projects or wicked projects had failed it was all the project of Amen had failed I have to stop I'll read two quotes two quotes bless you brother Amen [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm just going to talk about it really quick here. Brother Benam says here, Brother Benham talks about a a a child that was sick. It's in the message. There is uh this here is someone greater than Solomon. greater than Solomon. He he preached in 19 50 58. It says that this boy was sick. He had fever, strong fever. And my computer is dead now. Brother Bham says here he was called to pray for the child and they refused. He says you are not a Catholic priest and this this child was supposed to be to die. But says that if a priest comes here, he would allow him to come in. He he would just come and give his last prayer before the the the death of the child. He said, "Me al me as well. I'm coming." He he he pressured them a little bit and they let him in. And they let him come in. Oh yeah. And when the pro prophet comes in, he says the the doctor this who specializes in this case he says and this child has only few hours to leave. He says let me pray. He prayed. And when he prayed, it was the contrary that happened. Amen. Amen. Amen. And brother says, he says, "Today, this boy, he has a wife, he has two children." Amen. Today, that's why that same God has a purpose for every single one of you. No matter what the situation, no matter your situation, It is the contrary that will happen. Amen. Amen. May God bless you. Thank you. Thank you so much. [Applause] Well, praise the Lord. We had a gift in church today. Amen. When there is when there is tongues, there should be interpretation. Yes. Amen. Amen. Well, we want to thank the Lord for that. You know, as as our brother was speaking, I want to also remind us this coming weekend is a service with brother Joe Adams. Saturday night and uh Sunday morning, but Joe will be coming from Louisiana. So s Saturday night at 6:30 we'll be seated and then uh the service on Sunday morning also. You know as our brother was speaking I was thinking about uh uh you know we've been we've been talking about the the bride position. We've been talking about the position of the woman. The beautiful thing about the book of Esther as we just close in prayer here is that uh you will realize that uh what saw if you read uh Esther chapter 2 verse 5 Esther chapter 2 verse 5 if they would just put it up for us that would just kind of capture our mind on something the Bible says As it talks about Modiiah, it also says here, look at the last word, the son of Sheamir. He was the one that spit in David's face. The son of K, a Benjamite. That's the same lineage that saw. Yes. [Music] Praise the Lord. Amen. Now, so God actually raised up Saul to take care of what he promised in Deuteronomy chapter 25. He said because the Amalachite were not friendly when Israel was on their journey. They refused Israel to pass through, refused to give them water, refused to give them food. So God was determined to wet them off the face of the earth. So Saul was raised up as a captain in Israel to do that work and he failed to do it. Are we together? Amen. Now, so you're going to see the the beautiful thing there is that if you look at uh uh Hammered, he was from the tribe of the Amalachites. He was a descendant of the Amalachite. So God is going to raise up a bride is going to be a female part of God. Praise the Lord. Amen. Is going to be a secret weapon. You have to realize that the the the woman's strength is hidden. her strength is is is uh uh uh uh that's that's the reason why God had to shut the earth, create darkness to be able to bring up that woman because her strength is hidden. So what Saul could not do the word of the Lord to to to eliminate these people that actually handle Israel from their journey going over to the promised land. Year is said that God had raised up a little young woman which of course is a type of the bride. Praise the Lord. Amen. The whole book of Esther, that is the secret the book of Esther holds. God still remembering his word and he will raise up for such a time like this. Saul had a mighty army. Praise the Lord. Amen. Esther only had a position. Hallelujah. Her position was she was a queen. Your strength is in your position. Who you are called to be. a son of God, a daughter of God, [Music] a mother to your children, a wife to your husband. Our strength is in our position. That's why Paul says in heavenly places, he has given us, you know, uh all power. The whole thing about the book of Esther runs back. That's the history. You run it back to Deuteronomy chapter 25. God says, "I will I will I will these people from the face of the earth. And when Saul was raised up, that was the work that God gave him to do. He took the sheep. He took all the the the best part of the animals. He spared the kings and because of that God rejected him because God means what he says and he says what he means. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. And for such a time like this, God has raised up a bride church. Praise the Lord. Amen. God has raised up a bride church, a New Testament church. That's the reason why the bride is here to do the finished work. Praise the Lord. But remember, our power is in our position. Praise the Lord. Amen. I love what he when he says that uh you know when uh when she became queen, she owns everything. Amen. [Music] and everything is given to us. Let's bow our heads and pray. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, oh God, what uh uh uh a trip through the book of Esther this morning we had seeing Lord how you turn things around. You are the one that is working the wheels. You are the one that is spinning the wheels of our life. You have the wheels, Lord Jesus, of our family. You have the wheels, oh God, Father, of our finances. You have the wheels of our health in your hands. Oh God, Father, Lord, and and and and this morning, Lord God, just traveling through the book of Esther, we see how you are the one pulling strings, Lord. And you pull strings because you want to bring your word to pass. Your purpose for our life is never defeated. No matter what we go through, Lord God, and no matter what we face in our life, your purpose is never defeated. So God, we can lift our hands this morning or this afternoon and say thank you that Lord God, you always turn things in the contrary, Lord, what the enemy man, oh God, Father, you always turn it in the contrary, oh God. And because Lord, you have a purpose for our life. And oh God, we just want to thank you also, Father, to realize that God for such a such a time like this, you have raised us up, oh [Music] God, such a time like this, oh God. Father when we see church life is fading out to God. Father Lord we see family life is on the brink of God. Father but such a time like this you have raising up a people you have raising up Lord Jesus. Oh God father your own bride. Oh Lord God Father Lord with an open book before us Lord Jesus the opening of the word. Oh God the pouring of the Holy Ghost. So father for such a time like this Lord Jesus that oh God we will take our position by the word because we know there were lies our power there were lies oh God father your prophet comes tell us Lord uh uh you gave the church three sacra you just like you did to the woman father God and in those virtue there her power is oh God there lies her strength in those virtue you is given to her for redemption. That's the way you think about the woman. She's not a doormat. She's not She's not inferior to you. She's your daughter. She's your queen. That's the way you think about the woman. That's the way you think about the church. That's the power you have given to the church. So we realize that submission is not a [Music] weakness. Submission is our strength. Submission is our [Music] honor. Father, may we go away from the service, Lord God, this afternoon. Oh God, just realize, you know, Father, Lord, God, that for such a time like this, you have with our heart. For such a time like this, you have watched over our life. You have you have delivered us from illnesses, oh God. You have, Lord, you have been so good to us. You have kept us, Lord, for such a time like this. And it will be this bride. It will be this people that's going to put the not that the last nail in the coffin just like jail did Lord Father [Music] God to that destructive king. So this bride is going to do Father God. May you help us Lord that we take position with the word. [Music] May you help us to cherish Lord the sacrifices you gave us to pray the the reading of the word our commitment to Christ. He's our bridegroom. He's our husband. He's the one Lord we are falling in love [Music] with. We ask that father you bless our brother. He be traveling back sometime in in in a week here. Lord God, we just ask that you grant him joining mercy and all the traveling ones, we pray that Father, your grace would just be with them. Lord, we love you. Until we meet here Wednesday night, we pray that you keep each and every one of us under your protective care. We thank you. We love you. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. [Music] Oh yes yes yes Lord am a child of a king. is royal. Your blood power flows through my ve and I who was wretched and I now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the king. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child of the king. Let's stand to our feet now. is wrong. Your blood now flows through my veins. And I who was wretched. Thou now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of Let's sing that one more time. Now we are dismissed. Oh yes. Oh yes. I am a child of the king. His royal part now flows through my vein. And I who was fresh and I now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of God. Oh yes. Oh yes. Thank you, Jesus. I'm a child of a king who his royal blood now flows through my ve and [Music] I and v now can sing praise God. Praise God. I am a child of the king. Thank you Jesus. [Music] Oh true who was and now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the King. Oh yes. Thank you Jesus. I'm a child of the king. His royal blood now flows through my veins and I who was wretched and found now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I'm a child of the king. [Music]
