################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-11 - Pursuing the Right Thing - Part 3 - Samuel Browning - Samuel Browning - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-11
Title:   Pursuing the Right Thing - Part 3 - Samuel Browning
Speaker: Samuel Browning
Church:  Believer's Spoken Word Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9RjP5UK5DNM
========================================

[Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh day so shine down on me and let your love shine through me in the night. Amen. Sing the first verse tonight. Amen. More li of the valley. Let your sweet aroma fill my life. Oh rose sh show me how to grow in beauty. God s. Oh, fair to thousand. Make me a reflection of your eyes, of your love. Oh yes, oh day star shine down on me. Oh, let your love shine through me in the night. [Music] Oh, will this be a prayer tonight? [Music] Oh, leave me Lord, I'll follow. Anywhere you open up the door. Let your word speak to me. Show me things I've never seen before. Seen before. Cuz Lord, I want to be a witness for you can take what's wrong and make it right. Oh, yes you can, Lord. All right. Oh, so this star shine down on me and let your love shine through me in the night. Amen. Let's sing the second verse now. Lord, I see a world that's dying, that's worded by the master of deep sea. Oh my. Yes. Opening in the darkness, blinded by the years of past. But then I see you standing near me. Oh yes. Shining with compassion in your eyes. Open your eyes. So Jesus shine down on me. Oh, and let your love shine through me in the night. Oh, let's sing it all together. Let's make it a prayer now. Leave me Lord. Oh lead me Lord I'll follow anywhere you open up the door. Open up the door. Don't let your words speak to me but show me things I never seen before. Oh Lord, I want I want to be a witness for you can take what's wrong and can make it right. [Music] It's all right. Oh day star shine down on me and let your love shine through me. Amen. Amen. Let's all stand tonight. Amen. Let's just sing that chorus once again. Let's sing with all our hearts. Lead me Lord. Oh lead me Lord I'll follow anywhere you open up the door. Oh yes Lord. Lord, that's my prayer tonight. Lord Jesus, is that Lord, you would lead us, heavenly father. Let your word speak to me and show me things that I've never seen before. Cuz Lord, I want to be a witness. You can take what's wrong and you can make it right. Yes, you can make it right. Oh, day sun shine down on me. Let your love shine through me in the night. Yes. Amen. Lead me, Lord. I'm falling. Hallelujah. Is that your prayer tonight? Amen. Just want to follow the Lord. Amen. No matter what you're going through in your life. Amen. Just know that he's got all the answers and that he's got everything all in control. Aren't you glad about that tonight? Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Ain't it good to be in the house of God once again tonight? Amen. I don't know no better place to be than to be in his presence. How about you tonight? Amen. Amen. I certainly don't know no better place. Amen. We just have just a few prayer requests tonight. But how many knows that God's able to meet these needs? You believe that with all your heart? Oh yes, he certainly can. You know, we've seen him do it so many times. It's like, you know, just testimonies in progress. Amen. So that's that's what they are. Amen. So we're just reading testimonies tonight. Amen. Hallelujah. This is from Sister Stephanie. Amen. Uh, she says to please continue to pray for my friend Heather for for Gilbert Lanny to come back to the Lord and also for my daughter Emily Wilson who has what? Sister Stephanie. &gt;&gt; Tachic cardia. Okay. Who has tachi cardia? God bless you. Sister Stephanie. Amen. So remember amen. Sister Stephanie in prayer and her daughter. Amen. Ask God just continue to be with them and touch them. This is from sister Caroline. Sister, please keep my dad, brother Monaco, for complete healing. May the Lord bless you, Sister Caroline. Amen. So remember brother Monaco in prayer. He's a real warrior, a real soldier. Amen. So we just pray that God just continue to touch him. Amen. This request says to please u keep praying for brother Bill's back to heal. Amen. Certainly pray for our brother tonight. God would just continue to give him strength. Amen. Rest and strengthen his body. Also, we would like to wish a happy anniversary to brother and sister Cruz. Amen. I don't know if they're in here tonight. Sister Cruz is here. Brother Cruz probably still back there. Amen. Certainly appreciate them and thank God for them. What they mean to us in our assembly. Amen. I'll tell you what, God's so good to us, isn't he? Is he faithful to his word? Is he faithful to you tonight? Amen. I tell you what, we serve a mighty God tonight. Amen. If you have own spoken prayer request, you just like to make known lifted hand. Amen. Like this. Amen. Little Aaron Jr. Amen. Come to take these knees before the Lord. Bless you, buddy. Um, another request, uh, keep the uh, Kirk family in prayer. For those who don't know, a man named Charlie Kirk was uh, assassinated yesterday. And every uh, political view aside, he was a a man who stood for truth and and he uh, he he stood for the Lord. He uh he he went on to be with the Lord yesterday. Let's let's go before him. Heavenly Father, we just come before you, Lord, just so thankful, Father, for for your mercy and your grace. And God, I got to thinking today, Father, this world is so evil and this this world is truly ready for a tribulation, God. But Lord, that means that there's a bride ready for rapture, oh Lord. And you you wouldn't leave your people so surrounded, Father, without raising a standard, oh Lord. And I I was listening to your prophet, God. And and Brother Brandham said, "People have just got so much amnesia. They they got away and they forgot, oh Lord, for they forgot about Calvary. They forgot about you coming down to save them, oh Lord. But but you sent a word, prophet, Father, and that that you may reveal your word to us, oh God, and and not leave us stranded. And father, I just pray for brother Samuel in the back as he he prepares to deliver the word, Father. That you just anoint his lips and allow him to get himself out of the way, Father. And that you just anoint the hearts of each and every one of us, Father, that we can receive your word. And we pray for each and every one of these requests, Father, for the lost loved ones, Father. It It's not too hard for you, Lord. And Father, we we just put this service into your hands. And in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. God bless you, buddy. Amen. God bless you all. You may have your seats tonight. Amen. You have to forgive me tonight. My uh my phone wasn't able to connect to that computer back there, so I may not get the words just that quickly. Amen. But we certainly appreciate Sister Brianna back there in the slides. And let's give her a hand. All those in the back. Amen. Hallelujah. All all the musicians, let's give them a hand. Amen. Appreciate them. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. So, appreciate them as well. Amen. Amen. So, you'll have to help me tonight. Amen. Let's sing this song. Amen. I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold. Hallelujah. That's Amen. Is that your heart's cry tonight? I'd rather have Jesus than anything in this world. Amen. Hallelujah. This world ain't our home. We want him. Amen. Oh, I'd rather have Jesus than silver or gold. Oh, I'd rather rather be his than have riches untold. I'd rather have Jesus than house or land. Oh, I rather be led by his nail piercing. meant to be the king of a vast man or beheld his sins away. Amen. Oh, I'd rather have Jesus than any this whole world can afford to. Oh yes. Hallelujah. Oh, I'd rather have Jesus than men's applause. Oh yes. Oh, I'd rather be faithful to his dear cause. Oh, I'd rather have Jesus than worldwide fame. Oh, I'd rather be true to his soul. his holy name. All to be the king of the vast domain or behave [Music] dread away. Oh yes Jesus. Oh, I'd rather have Jesus than [Music] this whole world can afford. Oh, this world can't afford to today. Hallelujah. Is that your heart's prayer? Amen. You just rather have Jesus than anything in this world. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's sing that song tonight. Amen. In the morning when I rise, give me Jesus. Amen. Amen. Is that your heart's prayer tonight? Just give me Jesus. I want more of him tonight. How about you? Amen. Oh yes. Oh, help me sing it tonight. In the morning. In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. Give me Jesus. [Music] Give me Jesus. [Music] Give me Jesus. You can have all this world. Oh, but give me Jesus. [Music] And when I am alone, when I am alone, oh when I am alone, give me Jesus. [Music] Give me Jesus. [Music] Give me Jesus. You can have all this world. Oh, and give me Jesus. Let's sing him once again. In the morning, in the morning when I rise. In the morning when I rise. Oh, in the morning when I rise. Oh, give me Jesus. Oh, give me Jesus. Oh yes. [Music] Oh, you can't have all this world but give me Jes. Give me Jesus. Oh, and when I am alone. Yes. Even when you are alone, I'll know that I am never alone. Cuz I've got Jesus. Oh, give me Jesus. Yeah. Give me Jesus. [Music] You can have all this. Oh yes. Oh, I'm going to sing it once again. When I am alone. Oh, when I am alone. If Oh yes. When I am alone. Oh my. Even tonight when you think you're all alone. Oh, you got Jesus. Oh, I want more of you, Lord. Give me Jesus. Oh, give me Jesus. You can have all this world. Oh, give me Jesus. Oh, and when I come to die, oh yes, this is my prayer. Oh, and when I come to die. Oh, give me Jesus. Oh, give me Jesus. [Music] Yes, Lord. Oh, you can have all this world. Oh, give me Jesus. Let's sing it once again. Oh, when I come to die, even at that moment. Oh, when I come to die, I know. [Music] Oh, give me Jesus. [Music] Oh, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. You can have all this world. Oh, give me Jes. See him one more time. Give me Jesus. Oh, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. You can have all this world. Yes, you can have all this world. Yes, you can have all this world. But give me Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Is that your heart's prayer tonight? Give me Jesus. I want him more than anything. Amen. Amen. I want to sing. I can't feel home in this world anymore. Let's sing that chorus tonight. Amen. Amen. How many's getting ready? How many wants to get out of this old pest house? Amen. This world ain't our home. We're just passing through it. You know that tonight. Hallelujah. Help me sing it tonight. [Music] Well, this world is not my home. I'm just a passing through. My treasures are laid up somewhere beyond the blue. The angels beckon me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know I've got no friend like you. If heaven was not my home, then Lord, what would I do? all the angels back in me from heaven's open door. And Lord, I can't feel that hole in this world anymore. Well, they're all expecting me. And that's one thing I know. I fixed it up with Jesus. Oh, many years ago, I know he's going to see me through. know I am weak and poor at church. I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Well, oh Lord, you know I got no friend like you. Oh, if heaven was not my home, then Lord, what would I do? The angels beckoning me from heaven's open door. And Lord, I just can't feel our home. We're just over in the glory land. We're going to live eternally. Oh, the saints on every hand. They're shouting victory. Oh, the songs of sweetest praise the dread back from heaven shore. And I can't. Well, oh Lord, you know I've got no friend like you. Oh, if heaven was never my home. Oh, then Lord, what will I do with the angels becking me? Oh, from heaven's open door. And Lord, I just can't be at home in this world anymore. We'll just over in the golden land. Oh, will we live eternity? Oh, the saints on every head. Oh, yes. Well, the songs are sweetest praise. Live back from heaven and shore. And I can't. Oh no. Well, you know I ain't got no friend like you. Oh, if heaven was not my home. Oh, Lord, what will I do? The angels begging me. open. And Lord, I just can't. And this one, well, oh Lord, you know, I've got no friend like you. Oh, yes. Lord, what will I do? Oh, the angels beckoning me. Oh, from heaven's open door. And Lord, I just can't feel at home in this world. Let's sing once more time. Oh Lord, you know I got no friend like you. If heaven was never my home, I go Lord. Oh, the angels begging me. Oh, from heaven's open door. And Lord, I just can't feel thy home here in this. Well, Lord, I just can't feel thy home in this world. Lord, I can't. Oh Lord, I can't feel at home in this world anymore. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, I'm going home with you, Lord. Well, I'm going home with Jesus in the twinkling of an eye. I made my reservation for a mansion in the sky. Well, I may not know the moment and I may not know the day one day. Oh, when he calls it, will I'm going home with Jesus. Well, I made my reservation for a mansion in the sky. Well, I may not know the moment and I may not know the day, but I know that I'll be leaving when he call. Well, I'm listening for the trumpet to the sound most any time and the crown of life that's waiting. Thank God soon be mine. Well, I got my invitation. Oh, yeah. Oh, by the precious blood of Jesus church, this trip's been paid for me. Oh yes, I'm going home to Jesus in the twinkling of it. Oh yes, I do. Well, I may not know the moment. Oh yes, I do. But I know one day. Well, this captain of the vessel for he's a calling. Let us get on board and our destination. Oh, it's heaven. Safe on that crystal shore where we'll meet again. A savior and our loved ones who are gone on. Oh, we'll live for all eternity. Oh yes, I'm going home. Oh yes, I'm going home with Jesus. Oh yes. Hallelujah. Oh, for a mansion in the sky where we may not know the moment that we may not know. Oh, but I know one day. Well, this captain of the vessel, he's a call to ride. Let's get on board. And our destination, it's heaven. Safe on that crystal shore. Where I meet again, my savior and my loved ones. Oh, what a time we'll live for all eternity. Oh yes, I'm going home. Oh yes. Oh hallelujah. Oh, I made a mansion where we may not know the moment and we may not. There's one thing we know. We know that I'll be leaving. Oh, just clap our hands. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh yes. Hallelujah. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Oh hallelujah. Thank you for your promises Lord. Thank you for taking us home Lord Jesus. Thank you that we got a home to go to. Well this captain of the vessel he's calling around get on board and our destination. Know it's heaven safe on that crystal shore where I'll get to meet again our savior and our loved ones. What a time we'll live for all eternity. Oh yes I'm going. Well yes. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh praise the Lord. Oh, I may not know the moment and I may not know the day, but one day. Oh, one more time. Well, I'm going home with Jesus in a twinkling of an hour. Well, I made my reservation for a mansion in the sky. Well, I may not know the moment and I may not know. One thing I know. Oh well, I'm going home with my Jesus in a drinking oven. And I Oh, I may for a mansion in the sky. Well, I may not know the moment and I may not know the day, but I know that I'll be leaving when he calls his ride away. Oh, hallelujah. How many's going on with Jesus? Hallelujah. Oh, let's give the Lord just a hand clap of praise. Amen. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Yes. Thank you, Lord Jesus, for home. Lord Jesus, thank you, Father. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, I just can't thank him enough. Amen. We just can't praise him enough for all he's done for us. Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Let's sing that song. Brother Sam comes. I see the evidence of your goodness. Let's just sing that chorus as he comes. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How many sees the evidence of his goodness all over your life? Amen. Well, I see the evidence of your goodness [Music] all over my life. [Music] All over my life, I see your promises in fulfillment. It's already happening all over my life. Oh, all over my life. Sing that second verse and help me remember when I am weak. Oh Lord, fear may come, but fear will leave. Oh yes, Lord, you lead my heart unto victory. [Music] Thank you, Lord. Lord, you are my strength and I know you always will be because I can see I can see the evidence of your goodness all over. [Music] It keeps coming all over my life. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. His mercy, his goodness is running after. I see your promises in fulfillment. Oh, it's all over. It's all over your life tonight. Hallelujah. Let's sing that the second verse one more time. Father, help me remember when I am weak. Let's all stand. Oh, fear may come, but fear Oh, it's going to leave tonight. Hallelujah. Oh, you lead my heart unto victory and oh Lord, you are my strength. Lord, I know. Yes, Lord. You always will be. Father, I can see the evidence of your goodness. It's all over. It's all over your life tonight. Whoa. I can see I see your promises. It's all over. [Music] All over my life. [Applause] See one more time. I can see. Oh, I see the evidence of your goodness. It's all over my life. It's all over my life. [Music] I see your promises fulfillment. It's all over my life. All over my life. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Oh my. Could we just give him a hand clap of praise of thanksgiving? Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's just go to him in a word of prayer here. Heavenly Father, my how sweet is your presence, Lord. How precious you are, Lord. Oh God, as writers moved by the spirit of God, how that you had touched their lives, Lord, even down through the Old Testament, they would write under that inspiration. Great adjectives, Lord, great descriptives, &gt;&gt; lily of the valley, on and on and on. But it would all speak of the one self-same person. That's you, Lord Jesus. Oh God, how we're so thankful, Father. That Lord, as we find you to be [Music] all things to us, Lord, you're all that we have need of God. No matter the situation, you showed it all the way down through the Old Testament that no matter what situation arose as you would reveal another one of the compound redemptive names that you were God to meet the need in that situation that Lord, as we've gathered here tonight, there's needs, Lord, that we have. We're a needy people, Lord. We're not ashamed to say that we need you Lord. It's not just about Lord different requests that we would have although we have many needs among us Lord but we need more of you and we want more of you Lord. Oh God when Lord you've touched our hearts Lord and you've moved in our lives there just something about it Lord we just can't get enough of you Lord. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We want to be more and more like you, Lord. We want to be, Lord, just just that oneness, Lord, in our lives would grow. More of the grace of God just taking over in our lives. Help us, Lord. Show us, teach us, Lord. Speak to our hearts, Lord God. And I pray tonight that Lord, those things that you have laid upon our hearts, we just ask that God, you would give us the grace to step aside. Lord, if you would see that there's a channel here tonight or something, Lord, that would need to be mentioned or said, Lord, Father, it's not be on you to go off and to move down, Lord, one avenue, Lord, to minister to one need. I love that about you, Lord. So many things. I love you, Lord, but I'm so thankful that you're mindful of, Lord, every need. And you don't weigh it in a balance to say, "This is a big need. This is a little need." That's not how you work, Lord. You come and will minister to every need. Lord, as we'll just look to you, you'll minister to everyone. No matter no matter the size, you'll minister the same, Lord. For you take every need with the same matter of consideration. And you minister to it, Lord. Oh God, help us tonight, Lord. Give us grace, Lord, as we come in here from jobs and Lord, all the walks of life. Would you give us grace for the next few moments Lord that Father we could be lifted from this physical address Lord and just to enter into heavenly places and to receive the strength Lord and the guidance and the leadership what we have need of Lord Father for this life. We love you and we thank you Father for your mercies Lord. Truly, as the song is sung and has been said, we see your goodness all over our life. &gt;&gt; Lord God is a phrase that's common many times among people that could say when they would just try to speak of how that this is something that a certain person has done. They would say it has their fingerprints all over it. Oh Lord God, there's no greater blessing, no greater honor than Lord, our lives might have your fingerprints all over it, Lord. &gt;&gt; Grant it, Lord. I pray, Father, may your mercies, Lord, just move in now, Lord, among us. Just Lord, another wave, Lord, as the waves of your presence is here already. Come, Lord, I pray. Be the speaker, Lord, tonight. Speak through us, hear through us. We need you, Father. We commit this service into your hands in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you musicians. Thank you. Amen. Let's go here in the scriptures if you would tonight in Ephesians chapter 2. We want to invite you there and I say it's so good to be gathered together and &gt;&gt; amen in God's presence and uh Amen. And the Lord has just certainly Amen. just given us grace to be here tonight and and strength and Amen. just want to say we certainly love each one of you and it's just good to be together. Amen. And um just want to remind you tomorrow to have a fire pit fellowship. And I can tell you over here already it when I get over here and I walk out and take take a walk out here sometimes at midday it says 78 degrees some days and I said there ain't no way in the world it's 78 degrees. That coolness that comes right around. I'm talking about at noon time. So many times you'll find when I'm out here I'm in a flannel shirt. I'm walking around. and I've got jackets on and everything else and know the air conditioner is not on in here but I just get chilled. It don't take much. Um but um just when we walk around out there and I think it's probably when we look at it and having a fire. I know some of the other ones we had it was pretty hot. It was already a fire without having a fire. Somebody whistling at me or Amen. I'm just teasing you. Amen. But uh we just so we're so so glad to be gathered here in the house of the Lord. Amen. I know. I figured it out. Amen. Well, hey, we're a family. We can, you know, we can. Amen. So, praise the Lord. Well, that don't mean we're going to pick on one another the rest of service, but u Hebrews chapter 2 and verse 14. Let's I will read just a few verses and let you be seated. In verse 14 it says, "For he is our peace, &gt;&gt; who hath made both one, and hath broken down the middle wall of partition between us, having abolished in his flesh the enmity, even the law of commandments contained in ordinances. for to make in himself of twain one new man, so making peace, and that he might reconcile both unto God in one body by the cross, having slain the enmity thereby, and came and preached peace to you, which were a far off, and to them that were not. Amen. Let me I think I I missed something here. Yeah, we're there. Amen. May God bless you as you're being seated. I want to just speak here tonight, continue on that thought, pursuing the right thing. And I want to just I want to read here a few more scriptures here in just a moment. But I want you to notice in that in that opening scripture where we read that as it expresses that he is our peace. And to think of how that all of this of where you and I are at tonight or to even have the opportunity to be joined in a real union with God as God so desired. God longed for that fellowship. He longed for that to be restored and he's the only one that could make a way that could really restore that fellowship. &gt;&gt; We know that God would actually so desiring fellowship he would actually give man a substitute that he would be able to come and to fellowship through that uh of the blood of the substitute of an innocent one. Yet it would not be fully what God desired because God's desire was that through the shedding of blood that he might actually come and dwell within man once again. That's the way that God that's God's whole plan of oneness. And to think of how that when you see this here in in the opening scripture that it's God who did it all. There's absolutely not one thing in that portion of scripture we read there that you and I had anything to do with. &gt;&gt; You say, "Brother Samuel, we had to surrender, but I'm asking you, what drew you and I to a place of surrender?" &gt;&gt; Not only did he do the work for you and I, and we were certainly unlovable. We might have had no matter what all the differences was, no matter you know, no matter backgrounds, no matter where where it was we were sitting, we were all when it comes down to it, we were all enmity in our minds in the nature. Our nature was contrary to God. But God made a way so that you and I might be one. And then through that oneness with God, with his spirit dwelling in us, there's another part within that that then through that oneness with God in our life. Then as we're assembled as a body of believers together and God has done every bit of this, but it starts with just that. It starts with that unity where God takes a hold of our lives that the Bible would say it's the goodness of God that leads us to repentance. It's not it wasn't us who was seeking after God. The longing that we had within our lives is because that we were a part of God. There was a desire to know God. But that desire did not come from an earthly origin. That's why there's no earthly origin could satisfy it. It had to come. The only thing that could satisfy that is what would come from above. And you would say, well, what do you mean by earthly and heavenly? Because religion, I want you to understand that man is given to religion. Man is driven to worship. They're going to worship something. They'll worship. They'll worship their family. They'll worship their cars. They'll worship and they're driven to worship. We see that even with Cain. Cain himself, he came to worship. But the difference with Cain's worship and Abel's worship is Cain offered God will worship. It was based on his will of what he could do. But Abel's worship was based on a surrendered will to the will of God. And God accepted that and God that God's acceptance of what what it was what it was that he had revealed to Abel. And Abel came with that that acceptable offering. And to see that it is all it's God that has brought all of this together with in our lives. It's God who has drawn us. It's God who who paid the price for us, who came down. It's God who who sent his spirit to seek you and I out to draw us to a place of repentance. It's God who began to deal with our hearts to cleanse our hearts to even cause us to turn from things. It's God that begin to move in our lives and with a longing that Lord I I I want to be one with you. I I I appreciate all you've done for me, but I really want to be one with you. That that that's the objective. And the whole thing is that it's God that is doing the work the whole time. It's God that is actually drawing on our lives and causing us to ask for what he himself wants to do for us. &gt;&gt; And so to think that even that within this that it's God who who has come down and doing this in in in our lives. Now I want to I want to read a little bit further here in in the book of Ephesians chapter 2 going on down in those scriptures there as it speaks. For through him we both have access by one spirit unto the Father. Now therefore, ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with the saints, and of the household of God, and are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief cornerstone, in whom all the building fitly framed together, groweth unto a holy temple in the Lord, in whom ye also are builded together for inhabitation. through the spirit. And notice that as it as it would go on as it would speak of this and know that that how that the the spirit of God bringing us together in a oneness and a unity and and then to see how that God through that is it's a body. So remember you as an individual, me as an individual, we are a temple of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; And yet God is also building a body. Remember he said upon this rock, this revelation, I will build my church. So not only does God impart that revelation of himself to every stone that he has predestinated and brings and gathers from all walks of life. But God will bring those stones together by that revelation, not by man's idea, not by man's uh man's doing, but it's by the spirit of God in every age from Ephesus all the way on down. Those stones have been laying there. And remember this age, this age does not stand alone. But this is the age where the spirit of God as it comes down from that of the capstone is that of the brotherly kindness that will actually seal the entire pyramid together in rapturing grace. &gt;&gt; So God has been working little by little. He's been gathering the stones all the way down from Ephesus all all the way and it's all been under under his guidance and leadership and bringing it together. Now, as we were looking at here before, I'm sure that throughout it with the gathering of those stones, it's just like you and I. No matter the church in Ephesus, the prophet tells us there over and over, he said they only had 12 people among them. And brother Brown will pull from that all through the message and tell us of how that crowds itself is no sign of God's vindication. And yet, how we love, I mean, don't we love to get together? We love when more as more of us would get together. Isn't it wonderful to be a part in a meeting and just to get together with other brothers and sisters? Absolutely. But yet God within himself how that each one of those parts even within the e church at Ephesus with among those 12 people they would be ever so different within their own makeups and temperaments and the way that they are. How in the world could you ever put together a group of people and actually get them into a place of harmony? Well, it all starts with one thing, and that's where they begin to get the focus off of themselves. And you see, God God doesn't come around to lecture you and I. And he's not trying to school us into something. He's not trying to educate us into something. But God has one way that he has of getting our mind off of ourself and other things. And that is when he makes himself known in the promise of his word. That's what begins to get the attention of the believer. Because within that, as the spirit of God will move, it begins to draw by that by that revelation and begins to take our attention off of self and put it on him. Because that's what the real revelation is. It's it's of him of his working within the body. And then as we give ourselves to that, the spirit of God be is making known through the indwelling and that revelation of what God's purpose is that he wants to dwell within every single heart. Think about this. On the road to Emmas, what did he do in the fulfillment of the word? He was gathering stones together. And then those stones having such a certainty about them, they went into the upper room and they went there. The Bible says with joy praising God. No wonder the prophet says at the end of the token message in Jeffersonville, he said as you're coming to receive the Holy Ghost, be thankful. Be thankful and thank God because it is a sure promise. And the message of the hour never has placed it to be a maybe or to be a might or to be a happenstance. But all the way down through the ages, God's desire has been that of the Holy Spirit to dwell within man. And we know it's been given in portion down through the ages as God has been building up his body. But they would now come into that place where the Bible says they were all in one accord. That is a mystery in itself of how that they were able to come in one accord before the Holy Ghost ever came. But let me just go ahead and tell you right now, if the Holy Ghost had not come, that one accord would never have had any lasting value to it. It would have only been a matter of time. You'd have seen the same thing that was taking place where when they were walking behind the Lord Jesus and they begin to say, "Well, I'm the greatest and and I'm the greatest." So they went in there with one accord with a harmony where and that whole phrase one accord it means to actually as you have a note I have a note maybe it's a whole note maybe you've got a 16th note maybe it's an eighth note but it don't matter you're not holding your note back but you're willing to give your note as part of the great music sheet and God knows what he's laid in each of our lives and he's not going to take it from us he's not going to demand it from us that's not how God operates But God works to draw out of our lives in surrender what he's placed in each of our lives. And let me just say this to you. Each and every one of you have a vital part in the economy of God. Let me just tell you when the prophet, if you'll just study that economy of God, you'll find the prophet taking us over and over. Perfect faith, you can search it all the way on back and he'll tie in the economy of God. There's pastors, there's prophets, there's teachers, and brother Brandon will bring back over mechanics. There's housewives. All of that is a part of the economy of God because after all real mature sons and daughters of God coming into a place of adoption in the family of God is actually being under the complete tutorship of the Holy Spirit where Christ is working to bring out every single virtue and bring it to that place to where it we come to a place of reflecting him completely to where he can say here you them. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; They're my voice. &gt;&gt; So, I want you to say God is working and he moves within our lives and he's he's building us. He knows what he's doing. Now, you know, when you think of it that God never asked any one of these stones. He never asked you. He never asked me. He never asked me and said, "Hey, Samuel, let me ask you something. What church would you rather pastor?" &gt;&gt; Well, Lord, let me give you let me give you a criteria what I would like. This is what I would like. He didn't ask me that. &gt;&gt; You see, listen. Choice, choosing of a bride. Choice, the prophet says, is a wonderful thing. It's a great thing. But you see in in it sometimes how the enemy wants to come and try to, you know, work on that of choice. You know, you you you've heard of these things of how that he'll even come around. I mean, young people know it. I I've dealt with it with them on FOMO, fear of missing out. It's like, oh, this is the going thing. and it's just it's just moving along with things. But we we want our choices to be under the influence &gt;&gt; of the Holy Spirit. God doesn't want us operating by fear. He wants us under divine love. &gt;&gt; So, you know that and we see that all around and with all of those things of of fear and how the enemy wants to drive things and and no doubt we've all made decisions or choices or things like that out of fear. You know, you get in a car dealership and here you are buying a brand new car and this is the greatest thing. You know, they are telling you, "Man, this is so wonderful. In this nice, in this nice. In this nice. In this nice. In this nice. In this nice. In this nice. In this nice." And then you can sit down at the desk and they'd say, "Uh, would you want an extended warranty on that?" &gt;&gt; Well, this is so nice. Why do you offer me a extended warranty? And by the way, why is it only this many years? &gt;&gt; Oh, and then that'll just be another, you know, whatever it is now, $3,500, $4,000. That'll just be this and that'll just be that. But you see that within it if we're not careful. Oh my goodness, man. Yeah, this got a lot of electric stuff on it. Yeah, this is a push button here. Yeah, this the and you start looking and we can make decisions sometimes out of fear. Now, I'm not saying every decision we make like that. But you understand what I'm talking about that I I believe that within it that we come back and say, God, give me the leadership and the wisdom and direction that I need in my life for the choices that lay before me. So within these stones, you know, the stones didn't get to choose of of actually uh are you are are you going to be a stone that's right next to this stone or that stone? Or are you going to say, "No, I don't want to be next to that stone. I need this. I need a stone that's a little bit taller. I need one I I want a stone that's like this. I want a stone that's like that." Ain't it funny that a lot of the requests that one stone would make of another has nothing to do with spirituality? It would have everything to do with carnality &gt;&gt; of what fits our temperament. &gt;&gt; Those that we like. Now, I'm not talking about love. I'm talking about like like to where you know everything. It just seems to mesh and go right along. But see, God God knows what he's doing. And you know, you and I would look at it and think, "Oh my, that that you know there just like in the workplace, you know, there's some people in the workplace. It's like oil and water. You don't want to put them together. You already know. Let me just save time for today. I ain't putting those two together. They're not going out on a job together because I already know I've already got too much to do. And I do not want to have to sit here when I get home and have to deal with differences. Now, we do we can do that as managers and bosses. And I did that with teaching school. I went this one over here, this one here, and this one there. Man, it was strategic. It was not pick out your seats where you want to sit. Not for me. I I I already been through that. I lost enough hair with that. It was trying because we're there for one purpose. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. And so it's just trying to avoid certain things. But think about it. God in his infinite mercy, he himself didn't even give us a choice of who we would go to church with. &gt;&gt; Now, I know we can make decisions. I understand that, friends. And and God can lead us. I I understand that just as he's led led you here tonight. But to think about how that God would place everything together because you understand what it is. It's not about the stone on either side of you. It's about the glory of God in your heart that's being veiled. And when that glory is there in our heart, then really that's where we really are in position. And it gives us the grace to be able to look over all the differences in one another. &gt;&gt; And the church said, Woo. Glory. So notice when you know Solomon when he was building this house and they had stones. I like how brother Bam always go through it. He said these stones would come from all of these places and they were made ready before it was brought thither. So they were already you know shaped and and and and everything was so placed within such a way to where it would come together. Now, brother Brandham, as he will go through this over and over, he will speak of this coming together of these stones as likened that to the rapture. But then he also will tie it together with that of a local body and how that God working even through the bride body that's right now as well as the body that has been built all the way through Ephesus to where that every stone when it came there was not going to be a sound of a hammer or an axe or a tool of iron. Now, it didn't mean that there was maybe a little bit of finishing touches here or there, but they were not going to have to take that stone and completely redesign it. It was made ready for where it was to be placed. &gt;&gt; Now, how in the world are we going to know where to place it? Well, first of all, you got to start with the chief cornerstone. &gt;&gt; You do not start with other stones and say, "We got to get these stones together in harmony." No, that's how man would do it. But the chief cornerstone, he's the one. When we seek for the chief cornerstone, which is Christ, the Holy Spirit, the revealed word of God, when the chief cornerstone is first place, then it will give direction for every other cornerstone and every other stone cuz you've got a lot of cornerstones in your life. Your marriage is a cornerstone. Your job cornerstone. There's things that get joined together and things where you'll be at. But what is important is that you know and you have that chief cornerstone and you work from that pattern &gt;&gt; in your life. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So this was made ready before it got there. My goodness. Almost sounds like some of these houses they ship in nowadays, huh? I never forget like right down from us from these houses they started building. I I mean they they threw that they threw that part of the development up and in and literally I'm not exaggerating. It was at least about a year and I watched how they were bringing stuff in there. I thought Lord have mercy don't let the big bad wolf come along there. Some of you get that. But notice this. Brother Bram says, "I uh it's time, I think, in this time that we should be assembling ourselves together and becoming more one, for we are not divided." Now, isn't this incredible? We should be assembling ourselves together. You know, there's things that God will do for you, like he'll open the Red Sea. Some of you are reading ahead of me. Right. &gt;&gt; Just my fault for putting it up there like that. But let me just say it like this. You know, there's things that God will do for us. And there's things he opens a Red Sea cuz we can't do that. He opens a Jordan cuz we can't do that. He takes down He takes down the walls of Jericho cuz we can't do that. &gt;&gt; But there's things that God asked you and I to do. And it might seem like an easier task for us to open the Red Sea, &gt;&gt; but the very thing that he asks is assemble yourselves together. &gt;&gt; You know when Paul would write that forsake not to assemble yourselves together. Oh my. That means where where where stones absolutely have to haul themselves beyond their differences, &gt;&gt; right? and holding to the purpose at hand because if differences is is what becomes the focus and the stone can dwell on that then that it's not going to be a real joining and uniting together. Let me just say this to you. We need the complete unity by the spirit of God in each of our lives. &gt;&gt; We want God to move in every service. Listen friends, I'm just telling you, I don't study any different for Thursday night than I do for Sunday. I don't study any differently for any other service. It doesn't matter what's going on. Just my I give myself to God in the same way. And that's why I'm saying it. We don't have to just wait till Sunday. We don't have to wait till another time. God is God. He's just as much God tonight as he will be on Sunday. And how do you know that what God wants to do and will do in your life today will prepare you for what he will do not only on Sunday but now coming through the oncoming days that are ahead. God is at work within our lives. &gt;&gt; And this this unity that God would bring us to. We have different ideas &gt;&gt; just like our thumbrints are not alike. It's just like we can have all kinds of different ideas. I think it's too cold. I think it's too hot. I think it's too middle. I think it's too this. I think it's too this. I think it's too that. I think the music this. I think this. I think that. I think I think. And if we're not careful, the whole focus becomes differences. &gt;&gt; Well, brother Samuel, why don't we just iron all them out? So, who do we use as the absolute? &gt;&gt; Your ideas? Your ideas? Because if we do it by your ideas, then somebody else's ideas. &gt;&gt; Then somebody else's ideas. than somebody else's is right. So when we have to come to a place that no understand that we're not going to ever have all of our ideas if we think for a moment that everybody itself oh my this is some great utopia I know you know sometimes you know it's just like you know it can have where people oh my just a wonderful beautiful utopia stick around a little while you'll see the differences but our differences are not what we're focusing on &gt;&gt; are you hearing me it doesn't matter where you go matter what assembly you go to there are differences even in that assembly. And this is where it takes the spirit of God to where that those differences don't become clicks, clans, and small little fellowship groups. &gt;&gt; Come on now. &gt;&gt; You see, God purposely sets it in that way. If he wanted us to be in a church that was exactly it, fit our ideas. I mean it was exactly right on that would be about me, you usually have to. You know, brother Ram tells us we make a choice within within our church. But to understand with different ideas that we have, you know, it's just like as we move through this, brother Bram says we have different thumbrints. Our appetites perhaps would not be the same. And the church said &gt;&gt; that's true in principle. We are human beings and that's what it is in Christianity. Our differences of organizations yet one. We are one because we're children of God born of his spirit washed in his blood. &gt;&gt; So we're not one because we all see everything eye to eye. &gt;&gt; That's not why we're one. Brother Samuel, when that's going to be when we are changed. &gt;&gt; When we are changed. There are principles that we do not compromise on. Baptism, the spirit of God, the unity thereof, the faith with those are those are uncompromising principles. But within all of that, there's at times where there can be different ideas or a different perspective. And you know what? God allows that. He permits that. And you know what? God will allow it to see what kind of an attitude that you and I are going to take. &gt;&gt; And if we're not careful, it's very easy for this flesh to get to looking at something and say, "Well, my goodness, how come that person can't see it like that?" Do you understand what that is? That's called an elevated position. Looking down on somebody else instead of maybe they haven't seen or heard or read all of the quotes or heard certain things or been taught certain things. Maybe they haven't. And then again, maybe if they have, just like in time sitting down with brethren and it comes together that you know what, they're not going to relinguish on a certain thing. This is where they stand and so forth and so on. They believe this and believe that. Fine. You know what? You have a choice whether or not you allow your differences to separate you or not. &gt;&gt; Differences. We're always going to have them. Clear to the change of the body. In your own home, you've got differences. You've got preferences. Is that right? &gt;&gt; You didn't get married and interview somebody and say, "Do you like butter on your toast? And how do you like your toast? Do you like it light? Do you like it burnt? Do you like it?" You didn't interview them. When you first got married, you had to realize just keep your opinions to yourself because you burnt. Who likes burnt? Who likes steak? Well done. Oh, well done. O, that's like that's like charcoal. You finally realize, keep your opinions to yourself. &gt;&gt; That's how you feel. Nobody's taking my medium rare away from me. But if I'd say, "Well done, hockey puck city. &gt;&gt; No way. Charcoal biscuit." What happens? What now? What happens by making that uh h announcement? It it just it ruins dinner. &gt;&gt; It already becomes a stumbling block. instead of you like yours medium rare, have a good old time with medium rare. If you like yours well done, have a good old time with that chainsaw, cutting it up and everything else. And we'll see you next year as you're chewing the first piece. I just gave my opinion, didn't I? That's okay. I'm picking on my wife. She's the She's the one. Well done. You know, but notice we are one. Why? Because we're children of God, born of his spirit, washed in his blood. Now watch this. With true unity, let me just let me give just a few examples here. In this Jesus said, neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word, that they all may be one, as thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they also may be one in us, that the world may believe that thou hast sent me. And the glory which thou gavest me, I have given them, that they may be one, even as we are one. I in them, thou in me, that they may be made perfect or complete in one, and that the world may know that thou hast sent me and hast loved them as thou has loved me." Now, brother Brad picks us up and he he quotes that scripture and he says, "Jesus prayed that the church and he would be one like he and the father were one." That the church, we as members of the body of Christ would be one together just like he and the father are one. At that day, he would know that he was in the father, the father in him, he in us, and together we were one. What a union, a oneness that would be to see God in his church. Now notice to see God in his church till every member is just perfectly in harmony with each other and God. Harmony does not require that we all see everything the same way. Amen. &gt;&gt; Harmony is a choice that is made by surrendering to the harmony of the Holy Spirit on the inside that has brought us back into harmony with God. &gt;&gt; Amen. See this is why the chief cornerstone is absolutely important and to be the absolute of our life because through that it's where we have the strength &gt;&gt; hallelujah &gt;&gt; to yield and work in harmony &gt;&gt; when they sing sometimes different ones they sing up here three-part harmony four-part harmony on and on everybody has a part &gt;&gt; if over here when the piano players are playing if they played all bass on the keys. As a matter of fact, a lot of it when it gets arranged within a certain way, you don't even have this instrument pay playing all bass. You you find where you can pull the different tenor and bass from different instruments and let it all blend together. &gt;&gt; And see, God has it in that way. Does this have bass? It does have bass. Does that have bass? It does. But when it begins to blend together, it's not necessarily the bass and the bass and this that's needed, but they'll use the bass guitar. They'll use the bass drum. They'll use that as the bass pulling from different instruments to actually fill all those different parts within it. Now, I want you to think of this here, how God will bring this together perfectly in harmony with each other and with God. That's the church that Jesus is coming for. That's when his prayer will be answered that we will be one. And it is the only grounds of fellowship that God has ever laid down for himself and his church is the oneness of himself in the people. That's the only grounds of fellowship. He goes on. He says, "God's only plan is to bring believers to himself in a true oneness is receiving the Holy Spirit." Let me just say this to you. Without the Holy Spirit coming into our lives, we don't have a fighting chance. &gt;&gt; Not only do we miss the rapture, &gt;&gt; but there we we we do not have even the strength within our lives that is needed because we we're not listen to me. We might be part of a local body, but remember, you're not saved by being a part of a local body. You're kept in fellowship by coming to church, right? As God speaks to your life. But there's only one body and that's the body of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; It has many members. So there's only one place of safety and that's to be under the blood. It's to be in Jesus Christ by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And when that is come into our life then in then from that in our life we have the strength not only to uh subdue our own lives our own will but it gives us and working in our life the same grace that's needed to be expressed &gt;&gt; to one another. &gt;&gt; Why didn't God just save us and say you know what I'm going to put you on an island over here. Put you on an island. Put you on an island. Remember, brother Ram tells us taking sides with Jesus. He tell says it a couple times in that message. He said, you know, faith is accompanied by a law. It's got a season of time. He said, because if it wasn't, every one of you could speak your own world and go live in it. You see, Jesus, he couldn't, the prophet goes on to explain it. He said Jesus could not raise until that third day. He was held behind a barricade of scriptures. &gt;&gt; But when those scriptures were fulfilled, then he could raise. And that's why the prophet said the same Holy Ghost that you have in your life, when that is removed at that junction of time, there will come a rapture in your body from the inside out. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Everything is held in its position for this time until that word is fulfilled in our lives. &gt;&gt; So remember it's that's why the prophet said you're going to find out one of these days heaven isn't some far off place out there &gt;&gt; right would say it over and over. He says it's right here moving in a faster dimension. In another place he would say God let let it be that their glorified bodies talking about the theophony. Let it come near them and give them a charge right here this morning. Because remember, when this message has become evil food to you and you left everything else, you let go of everything else. You have heard from your theophony. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; There is nobody here, nobody that has heard from our local representative. I don't even know who it is. &gt;&gt; I don't even know who it is. Be honest. I don't know who it is. There ain't nobody heard from them. Oh, you might have got flyers in the mail. Let me just tell you something. Your representation in the heavenlies has always been there. &gt;&gt; I'm talking about your inheritance. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And Jesus came in order to bring you back to that inheritance. And when you by God's grace are lifted up, are lifted up to be able to see I come from God. I'm going back to God. It stabilizes you right here in this earthly realm. Let thy will be done in heaven, in earth, even as it is in heaven. &gt;&gt; You become a reflection on earth &gt;&gt; of that heavenly city &gt;&gt; that you've been born into. &gt;&gt; You're a delicate, as the prophet calls it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; How did we get there? So receiving the spirit of God. Now watch how the prophet is is talking about this oneness here. Let's just let's just say it. He asked the people to say it after him. So let's just say it together. Oneness with God is to have God's spirit in you agreeing with the word, all the word, the whole word, and to make it manifested in power. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Brother slowed that down and had the congregation repeat that after him because that was true oneness. Now you listen to the message where you can see where Satan gets his idea in on John 17. Oh, we all got to be one. And it comes under the thought of man. And let me just tell you that thought was not inspired by man. You say they got that from a seminary. I'm going to ask you, what's the source of inspiration that gave it to the seminary? &gt;&gt; What's the inspiration that would cause all of these places to unite together? What is it that would bring about the World Council of Churches? I tell you what would bring that about. The devil. &gt;&gt; That's exactly what would bring that about in a false unity. It's already been shown all the way down in the book of Genesis. It was a false unity. And it was actually providing or purporting to provide another way for the people to be spared from judgment and get to heaven. But there is no other grounds of safety outside of Christ in you, the hope of glory. There's no other oneness and harmony and strength outside of the Holy Spirit in your life. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Stones, yes, stones, but stones that are field stones, stones that are tabernacling, deity, the presence of almighty God. And the prophet says, "There you are." That's oneness with God. When that power works in me, works in you, we are one. So how are we one when that power works in you, works in me? &gt;&gt; Not about the same ideas. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Not enough we all feel the same way about a certain thing. You know, God allows that and he'll allow that all the way to the rapture. And the prophet says, "And God hiding himself and revealing in simplicity," he said, "When we get there to the other side, as we stand there at the rapture, all of our differences will fade away." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Well, God, why don't you just take them away right now? But what God wants to do is allow his love in our life to prove that it's greater than any difference. &gt;&gt; Cuz you know why? It already did in your life. You and I were enemies to God. &gt;&gt; We were as different as different could be. But what did the love of God do? It looked beyond my fault and saw my need. &gt;&gt; He looked beyond the differences. He looked beyond where everything I was at, the sin, the condition. He did not condone it. He did not love my sin. He did not love my habits. He did not love that expression of darkness. But he loved that seed on the inside and he made a way that that seed could come in liberty. &gt;&gt; God said, "That's my stone. Release it." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's my stone. Release it. &gt;&gt; That's my stone. Release it. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Because he's got a purpose. &gt;&gt; And when he speaks, when the king speaks, &gt;&gt; it has to listen. Amen. &gt;&gt; And let me just tell you something. We didn't just become his subjects. We were always his. &gt;&gt; My sheep know my voice. My stones know my voice. &gt;&gt; That portion of revelation that when coming together makes the full revealing of Jesus Christ in a bright body. Once again, what is it? It's God putting himself together in a many membered body. G &gt;&gt; glory be to God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. So why were they one? Because in the beginning, even in that little family in the garden, they were one. Because they had God's life in them, in each of them. They were one with God. And that's what would make them one with one another. Remember the prophet would tell us it's the lack of this revelation, the revelation of Jesus Christ, the new birth. That's the reason there's so many divisions. Can't you see why the enemy &gt;&gt; the enemy is all about division? &gt;&gt; He's all about trying to stir up stink. &gt;&gt; He's all about trying to plant in our minds something. Well, this one don't like you or this or that or this. That that's that's the Satan. You know why? You know why the devil wants to do that? Cuz he knows he can't stop this word. He cannot keep it from coming to pass. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And you know what he wants to do? He wants to try to put different things upon you. He wants to try to put his nervousness upon you. He wants to try to put his anxiety upon you. He wants to try to put thoughts in your mind and put all of these things. You know what he's trying to do? He's trying to disturb the economy of God. But listen now. The prophet said, "When the true church discerns that wrong spirit," &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Even when it wants to come in our mind and withstands it, &gt;&gt; you are not. I refuse to entertain that. That's my brother. &gt;&gt; He might have the goods, but that's my brother. You say, "Brother Samuel, what kind of strength would that come from?" It'll come from the same strength that changed your show. It changed your life. That token, that life took care of the nature in your life. &gt;&gt; That's the kind of strength I'm talking about in our life. It's not by power, not by might, but by my spirit, &gt;&gt; saith the Lord, this mountain shall be moved. &gt;&gt; False unity. this here in Genesis 11. Oh, they all got together. Let us make Let us make brick. They man they went they did some work. They made brick. They they burn it thoroughly. Y'all been probably most of you seen that down in what? New Philadelphia. They got them big. They make them bricks down there in New Philadelphia. Drive through there outside of Sugar Creek. You know, you don't go there for bricks. You go there for pies and cinnamon rolls. &gt;&gt; But but you drive past those those brick kils, &gt;&gt; right? So they had to heat them, &gt;&gt; right? And they also had some slime that they were using for mortal mortar. See, they knew you had to stick things together. &gt;&gt; But you see, when man tries to take God's word and tamper with it, &gt;&gt; and man tries to make it stick together, &gt;&gt; it'll come out in confusion. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; It'll come out leaving people wondering. &gt;&gt; It'll come out where people are no longer saying the same thing. You know why? Cuz they're using a different mortar. &gt;&gt; Now that same word mortar means pitch, means slime. But Noah had a revelation of how to use pitch. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You see, just listen to me now. Christ the mystery. The prophet said, "Janis and Jambre, they have the ability." He said, "Within them to make and build great churches." He said, "But that's not what it's about. It's about the revelation. Because why? It's that revelation that would work and operate within the heart of the individual. As once again, that's why the prophet would stress it's not a group collective revelation. It's an individual revelation. &gt;&gt; It's an individual work in every stone's life. &gt;&gt; Glory be to God. And you know what? God just has a way of just so positionally placed that when God came down, he looked at it and he said, "Man, the people is one." Think about this. I want you to think about this. They were one. They had one purpose and one heart, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; These were people who were not believers. These were under direction of Nimrod. &gt;&gt; But yet, think of this. You say, "How in the world could a people be brought into such a place to where God would say, "Behold, they're one." He wasn't saying they're in one place. He said they're one. It was more. They weren't just in one locality. They were one. He could see them that their heart purpose. How did that happen? It happened by a supernatural element. &gt;&gt; Are you with me now? &gt;&gt; Stay with me just a few more minutes. It happened by a supernatural element. What was that supernatural element? Well, if the Holy Spirit will unite a people together in the true oneness and purpose and plan of almighty God, but as they come individually into Christ dwelling within every heart, then Satan, he will come with his anointing. That's religious. He'll come with his anointing and work to bring everybody together under a false unity. &gt;&gt; And notice how the enemy teaches it. Tolerance. You got to tolerate. &gt;&gt; You know that word tolerance? &gt;&gt; Let me tell you that word tolerance. &gt;&gt; You know, one of the kingdoms that used that word tolerance was Rome. right? &gt;&gt; Every every nation or kingdom, they would take over. They would go in there and they did not disband their gods, but they begin to teach tolerate one another's gods. &gt;&gt; Tolerance. Don't tell me we've got that right here. &gt;&gt; Tolerance. Tolerate this lifestyle. Tolerate that. Well, God loves everybody. God loves this. God loves that. God loves his word. God loves his children. He's watched over his word down through time. Let me just tell you, God is not intimidated by the conditions of somebody's life. He knows if there is a seed beneath that darkness, all you've got to do is get that seed in the presence of God. And God can change that situation and drive back the darkness from their life. Because that spirit, that condition is not who they are. They are a son and daughter of God. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Glory be to God. And if Satan can supernaturally move a people together in unity of purpose under a false system, how much more &gt;&gt; can the Holy Ghost get a hold of a people, &gt;&gt; bride elect, and move his purpose and objective through her life? This is why the real church of the living God is built on the revelation of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; This is let me just let me just try to bring this down here. For our comely parts, Paul dealing with the body have no need. But God hath tempered the body together, having given more abundant honor to that part which lacked. Now, I'm just going to tell you, if you're wearing your shoes on your head, you got problems. You wear shoes on your feet. Well, you say, "I need them." But God gives them more honor to the uncumbly parts. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; That's what what Paul is bringing out. sometimes the of of wear upon the parts that are so uncomly but yet how that part would be you know dressed up or but notice God tempers it together. God does that. Not man. Not man saying, "Let me just say this to you. We're gonna hammer. We're going to hammer this out. Ain't going to work." Wastes a whole lot of energy. I agree. We can talk. We We talk things. Let's just Let's try. But you know what? Within it all, after talking, it should be able to say, "You know what? Disagree." But you know what? We're still brothers, &gt;&gt; still sisters. Right now, if you're not careful, this is why it's got to be the love of God so thick in our life. Because it's not careful, little thing can start to move right in there. &gt;&gt; And on that difference, oo, it'll start growing, growing, growing. &gt;&gt; It may not grow as fast as Jack's beantoalk, but it'll grow. &gt;&gt; It'll grow. And if you're not careful, it'll keep growing. And you'll be taking that as a way of an escape, as an excuse. Let me tell you, if it's not anything that God has planted, and listen, we all are able, don't matter where you're at, you're able, should be able to discern that. You can look at things that come in your life. If it's something, listen to me. If the prophet says, if Satan, I want you to watch how he says this. If Satan presents anything in your mind against one of the others in the assembly, turn it down. Amen. &gt;&gt; For he says, "As soon as you entertain it, &gt;&gt; you mar your experience." &gt;&gt; What a responsibility. And listen friends, you think Satan ain't firing off to try to get thoughts and things in our mind? Cuz let me just tell you, the way things work in our life, it has to come in by way of thought &gt;&gt; and how the enemy would would want to so do that. So there's going to be differences, but God, it's not man. It's God that has tempered us together. &gt;&gt; It's God who tempers us together. &gt;&gt; You know what tempering does? You worked in the steel mill. The others worked in the steel m worked in. You know what tempering does? It don't make things softer. It makes it harder. Now &gt;&gt; isn't it incredible? Paul would tell Timothy, "Endure hardness as a good soldier, not become hard." &gt;&gt; That's the battle within our lives. &gt;&gt; It's not to become hardened &gt;&gt; with the passage of time, disappointments over and over and over and over. But let me just say this to you. You know what? It takes work. It takes labor. It takes something from us to be willing to work through differences. &gt;&gt; You can run from differences all your life. Eventually, you're a child of God. You're going to have to grow in that area of your life. &gt;&gt; Now, maybe it can be something that maybe wasn't taught when we were coming up and and we were kind of pampered a certain way and every time the teacher said this, the teacher was absolutely a devil and our child was the angel and this or that. See what happens is it actually is a setback till now there's things that now has set into their life even after the Holy Ghost has come that's got to be worked through in their life so that they are not subservient to a complex from way back in childhood &gt;&gt; that everybody's against me. You say, "Brother Samuel, can those things exist?" Sure they can. Sure they can. But you know what? Let me just tell you something. Greater is he that's in you &gt;&gt; than he that's in the world. And you know what? God God was not ashamed. God didn't say, "Oh Lord, how did I get into this, my man? I should have called a plumber. I should have called a savior. I should have called a redeemer. I should have called a deliverer. I should He is that. &gt;&gt; Let me just tell you, your situation in his life, he's not ashamed of you. He's not ashamed of the situations, but he takes those situations as opportunities &gt;&gt; to prove the greatness of his grace through your life." Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I say glory be to God. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. If God be for us, who can be against us? &gt;&gt; So God tempers us together, &gt;&gt; not hardening us against one another. And that's not the tempering but through the test and trials even as an assembly that we go through &gt;&gt; individually and then even as an assembly because churches go through seasons. &gt;&gt; Wouldn't it be nice if every season here was spring? Well, brother Samuel, spring is resurrection. I know. I get that. &gt;&gt; I get that. It is the rising of the sun. I get that. But God likes to allow, as the prophet said, an eagle stir at this nest, dry seasons to see what you'll do. &gt;&gt; To see what will transpire in our life. &gt;&gt; See, this is where this is where it comes down to where you as a as a fellow stone realize, wait a minute here. I see a need, Lord. We need more of you. We need more of you. So you know what happens is you take it upon your heart praying for the services, praying for one another, praying you know what God God allows that to do what? Draw us beyond ourselves. &gt;&gt; He's not showing you something. When God shows you something, God's not showing you something to put down what his blood has been shed for. &gt;&gt; He shows it to you that you might go into prayer because why? He made you partners with him in redemption. And it's redeemer anointing that works in your life. &gt;&gt; He's tempering tempering the church together. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Notice Paul would write this here in Colossians 2. That their hearts might be comforted being knit together in love. Knit together. That's where that's where things get sewed together. My mother-in-law does tremendous what a gift with the making all sorts of things. I don't even want to try to list everything she's done. She's made a purse and everything else. She even makes my father-in-law some socks. Have to ask him about them sometime. We We'll leave that alone. But she just working with her hands. You know what? She takes all these different colors and I don't know how in the world she does it. She just sits there. Now, most of the time for her, what she's doing is she's listening to a message in a room and she's doing it and weaving and doing it and doing and doing and she makes these things wonderful. But you know what? Knitting things together is where you take two separate things and you're joining them together. &gt;&gt; Let me just stop here tonight with this. You know what it is that joins you and I together? It's the love of God. Amen. &gt;&gt; That that's what it is, friends. And you know where it's at? When brother Brown will make a statement, he'll talk about the mortar. The love of God is the mortar. It's the cement in the church. He'll use that as types. But then he'll say in another place, he said, "Notice how that capstone and all those things come down. There's no mortar, no no cement between it." You know why? He uses mortar and cement to type that of the spirit of God that would so unite things together. Like when think about this building, wind storms that come through here. Storms that come through. We had that big storm. What was that? What was that last fall? I don't know. Whenever that tree fell, I was over there back there in the office and my wife's saying, "Run to another part of the church." Why? Why? I'm like having to come too. Why? What? What? What do you mean? I mean, I'm, you know, me and my windows right in front of me, but she's like, "Hey, hey, there there tornadoes and everything else over there." Well, there's a tree that fell down. Thank God it missed the the everything, you know. But my point is is that this building, you know, we don't sit here and worry about it. I'm sorry. I don't mean to bring up the three little pigs, but it gets the point across. It's not made out of straw. Remember, they couldn't blow the house made out of brick, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; But I'm just going to tell you something. &gt;&gt; You're you're a stone, but you know, in you as a stone, you got feelings. &gt;&gt; You got needs. &gt;&gt; And there's differences all through the different complexities of life that we come from. And God by his spirit would do such a work in your life, in your life, in your life. And it's him in us that joins us together. That's why our unity, it's not about let me try to get everybody on the right page. Let me try to get this. You know, it's like when you're trying to coach a team, getting everybody on the right page, trying to get everybody on the right, trying to get all this, doing all this, or you're at the job, you got to set the direction, set the vision, what's the mission statement? and they just repeat it like robots and don't believe it. Right? It's like it's just going on and on. But it's that's all it is, just words. But that's what's different with the body of Christ. &gt;&gt; When the spirit of God, that divine love is on the inside, that's what knits us together. &gt;&gt; Amen. You mean to take all these different the different colorations the differences among us? I'm talking about in our ideas everything and God would so knit our hearts together. You notice that scripture didn't say knits our ideas together. &gt;&gt; But God has left that to be proved out that his grace and his love is greater &gt;&gt; than all those differences &gt;&gt; how are we held together? How are we stuck together? &gt;&gt; We're stuck together by the love of God. You love me. &gt;&gt; Do you love him? Amen. We love one another. Ain't God good? &gt;&gt; He tempers us. &gt;&gt; He knits us together. Let's stand. Bram says it like this. He says, "You've made denominations and we have it and the rest of them is not in it. You're leaving out the love of God, the chief cornerstone. I don't care how many miracles you can perform, how many prophets you have, how many works of grace you do, it'll never meet or never do anything because the church, the church of the living God is melted together and cemented by love. How tremendous that is. Let me give you this scripture here. Paul says, "And above all these things, put on or sink into charity, which is the bond of perfectness." Amen. &gt;&gt; And all these in the amplified put on love and infold yourselves with the bond of perfectness which binds everything together completely in ideal harmony. What an achievement. Paul said, "Though I have faith to move all mountains, &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; and have not charity, I'm nothing. Though I understand all mysteries, have all knowledge of scripture. But without charity, it's nothing. Though I could speak with tongues of men and angels, without charity, nothing. I could burn my body, give my goods to feed the poor, but yet without charity, it's nothing. See, Paul was was showing them that really their placement, who they were in the economy of God was not defined on whether they were gifted or not &gt;&gt; or had a gift or have something that would be notable, but what defined them is the love of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because it's God's love. your your life, my life. You know what our lives are to be like it's like how a picture frame you display pictures of your family. Sometimes you'll have a collage and it'll be a memorial memorial memorable events. Do you realize that you are God's picture? Where God himself would so project who he is, his love through your life. What an awesome responsibility. Faith is a wonderful thing. Is that right? Amen. &gt;&gt; That we we have to have faith. The Bible said without faith it's impossible to please God. But let me just say this to you. When brother Brandon went beyond the curtain of time, he said, he never came back and said, "It's going to take faith to get there." He said, "Without perfect love, you'll never get there." Because why? those scriptures I just referenced in 1 Corinthians 13 for many of the different gifts, supernatural in endoomments. Many men that brother Ram described had such not not all of them were off, but there were different ones. They could so take the scriptures and explain divine healing to like brother Ram says it had the devil pinned in a corner. He said that's one of the places or ways of gifts of healing building the people's faith and then working upon that of healing dealing with the certainty of it. And yet that person or that individual [Music] could absolutely be void of the love of God. I think friends within this this moment as the Lord's been speaking to our hearts in in your individual in your own life in your individual way this is what we need to be pursuing is the love of God. Well, brother Samuel, I I believe I have it. I say that's wonderful. But Paul would say follow after charity. Pursue it. &gt;&gt; Look for charity. Where whatever you're you're going to do, can you find charity in it? What do you mean, brother Samuel? What's the motive? What's objective? That's what Paul was dealing with in the opening of 1 Corinthians. If love is not the basis, the prophet would take us in stature of a perfect man and blasphemous names. He said, "If those virtues is not what's laying there behind it and we know that the measure of those virtues, it grows." We don't start out up here and my goodness, I'm just No, God brings us. spirit of God seals away that faith and then as we continue to grow in our virtue grows patience all those things and it's growing all the way on up into him in all things. &gt;&gt; But if we if we have everything else and we don't have that, we've missed it. So I say this, if there's anything, anything within you that would not agree or allow you, let me say it like this, would not allow you to agree with all the word of God. Why don't you just look to him and say, "Lord, you're above that. You're greater than that." Whatever it might be, it might be habit, whatever it might be. If there's anything that's holding you back, anything that's been hindering you, God is greater than that. &gt;&gt; You believe that? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I'm not asking you whether to look at your condition. I'm asking you to look at the at the Lord Jesus Christ that he is greater. He's able and more than willing to break that back. If something has held you back from coming into position, God's grace is greater. Yes, &gt;&gt; the love of God is greater to bring you into that position. &gt;&gt; And once he's got you into that place and and and putting you placing you there within the body, then his grace is sufficient in our lives for us to be able to look beyond differences. grace to grow beyond quarrels, offenses. Friends, let me just say this to you. I've worked when I was there in my classroom. I know this is a natural example, but you know, you learn a little bit after a few years. There's a lot of things that I would do to try to avoid issues like going on field trips. You didn't pick the seats you set in. The groups you were with. No, this is this is not a fun time. It's a fun time, but it's not it's going to be a fun time for everybody. So, we would assign and I would go through all of that. Now, look, don't worry. I want no military man. God asked that a couple times. Was you ever in the military? Nope. [Music] But you know what? I would find over the years, as much as I prepared, there was still always little things that I would find out, open up my folder for that field trip, make a note for next year, and then I would work upon that next year. Of course, you have different temperaments, personalities, right, the following year. You know what? as a body, even you as parents, as a pastor, bringing it on down into here and within our families, we do the best we can to try to do what? So that there's not problems. &gt;&gt; So that there's everything, oh my, everything is just exactly right. We strive for that. If there's if we don't strive for that, I'm talking I'm talking about that everything everybody sees uh uh you know, we all see eye to eye. That's not what I'm talking about. &gt;&gt; As a Christian, you're a lover of peace. &gt;&gt; And you seek that there would be peace. &gt;&gt; But what happens when peace is troubled? What happens when things aren't going just exactly? Just right. What do we do? You say God would permit that. Yeah. Brother Bram said, "You take after a great service," why Christ speak 1963, "After a great service, great meetings." He said, "You watch it in about a few days before Satan is loose to come right among those people and try to knock out every bit of the confidence that God has put in them." Why? God permits it to be tested. Brother Samuel, what what is all this that you're saying? I'm saying as much as we can look at and say, Lord, my heart's desire is there's things we grow and we learn on how to how to take off here, how to prevent this, how to administer that. But in all everything that we do, we and I'm saying me with you, we're still learning and we're still growing. There's certain things that I can just with from my heart that I could tell you, I wish there's certain things that I wish I could take back, certain things I would do differently. Oh, I I know my record's clear before God. But I'm just telling you tonight, but I know within it all, if we'll stay within that place within our hearts, God, give me the grace &gt;&gt; to look beyond the differences, the ideas. Give me that grace that it can be a group of people that as they would say regarding the early Christians, how they love one another. You know, ain't it amazing? They didn't all say, "My, they all have the same ideas how they love one another." I tell you friends, I think that's a real tremendous accomplishment of the Holy Spirit in this hour &gt;&gt; where we're able to look beyond our yourself, &gt;&gt; able to look beyond our differences. That's supernatural. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You may not have walked on water to get here tonight, but that's supernatural. [Music] supernatural home. [Music] I know it's a little bit different, but I'm going to ask you if we all can just kind of come up maybe towards the front. And I just like to pray together. I just fill my heart to do that. Maybe you slip out of your pew. I know maybe not everybody can fit here. Maybe Maybe a few of you may have to step around here up on the platform with me and [Music] but we're a body. &gt;&gt; We may not be big in number but it's according to has God as allotted. Doesn't mean that it'll always be a certain number this or that. We've seen things that fluctuate, but we're a body. We're not a body because we come to the same church. We're a body because he has reconciled &gt;&gt; as individuals unto himself, making one new man. And then from those new creations, he begins to assemble stone by stone by stone by stone. What's he doing? He's putting himself together. If there ever was a time that we needed one another, we need one another right now. &gt;&gt; Satan's guns is aimed to want to try to divide and conquer. But let me just say this, you are more in God's sight than the blood that he shed. The prophet said, "If I had a charger of that literal blood and I would, oh, how I would hold it next to my heart and say, "Thank you, Lord." He said, "But do you realize in his sight I've got that which is of a greater and more precious price? That's the purchase of his ransom. It's what God has done." I wonder if we just couldn't pray together here. Ask God, Lord, let our hearts be so knitted with you, Lord. Because then that supernatural strength, it'll work through one another. I I believe standing right here, the Holy Spirit is right here tonight, right among us. God's more, he's more than able, more than enough to give the Holy Spirit. He's able right here tonight to minister. Maybe it's weariness. God's more than able. Maybe if you got a brother standing next to you, maybe husband and wife or brother to brother or sister to sister. Could we just pray together? Heavenly Father, Lord God, without you we're nothing, Lord. Lord Jesus, it's through your blood that has been shed, Lord God, that you look beyond every one of our differences. You look beyond the conditions, Lord, we were in. That Lord, you would come and draw us under your love, Lord God, and draw us to yourself and change our lives. Lord, you would change our nature, Lord. you would bring about a unity, Lord God, of a new creation. And then Lord God, as you would set us together, Lord, as a people, a body of believers, Lord, oh dear God, that Lord Jesus, where that desire, Lord, and that ferveny of the same Holy Spirit, Lord, that came and sought us out, dear God, is the same Holy Spirit working in our lives, Lord God, even as it works throughout the body, Lord, for those, Lord, that Father, Lord, as that would assemble here, Lord, and hearing your voice, But Lord to know that God your grace Lord goes beyond Lord the circumstances and situations. Lord God your grace Lord is able to change Lord every life and every heart just as you've changed Lord our lives. And Lord God, we ask Lord here tonight, Father, that you would just give us the grace, Lord, that Father, as we stand as a body, Lord, to know that the Holy Spirit, Lord, you've not come here, Lord, to make us to where all of our ideas will be the same. that when we're all think alike, Lord God, but Father, what grace it is, Lord Jesus, that you would so temper us together, &gt;&gt; knit us together, this bond of perfectness that we are called to sink into, Lord. Oh God, I pray, Father, bind us together, Lord. Bind us together, Lord, with cords that cannot be broken. bind our hearts together, Lord God. Oh, Father, we might share a lot of similarities. We might share even certain likes and certain tastes and certain hobbies, but Lord God, how do you want us to go so much deeper than that? Lord, I know you can operate, Lord, and move through those avenues to bring hearts into that place, Lord God, to where, Lord Jesus, that reality, Lord, of what unites us is greater than our our ages. It's greater than our hobbies. It's greater, Lord God, than our likes. Oh God, it's greater Lord than all of that because Lord Jesus, it's the great mortar of the Holy Spirit, the pitch of your atonement of your own life, oh God, operating in our lives, Lord, that unites us with you, Lord, and unites us to the Christ in one another. Oh God granted Lord give strength Lord some of your children Lord are weary Lord from the battles of life Lord pressures Lord and things Lord that Father they've been through or in the midst of Lord I pray tonight God may the spirit of God just go forth Lord here tonight Lord strengthen each one Lord in a special way God may there be God a great renewing Lord I pray of purpose Lord God may the Holy Spirit Lord God move down Lord into hearts and lives. Oh God, that Father, willing and surrendered, Lord, to your purpose, Lord God. Granted, Lord, I pray, Father. Have your way tonight among us, Lord. It's you that we love, Lord. It's you that we want more than anything else, Lord. Oh God, it's in you, Father. Everything that we have need of, Lord, &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus, you are everything, Lord. &gt;&gt; Grant it, Lord God. Bless these musicians, Lord. &gt;&gt; Father God, I know not everyone's up here, Lord, tonight, but would you bless them, Lord, their sacrifice, Lord, Father, Lord, to be vessels, Lord, that are yielded to you, Lord, Father, Lord, to dear God, to play and come under the anointing of the spirit of God, not just here, but in their lives, Lord God, but Father, to enter in to be a blessing. Lord, I pray God for every husband, Lord, for every mama, for every wife, Lord, for every child. Lord God, I pray, heavenly father, may the grace of God, &gt;&gt; Lord Jesus, &gt;&gt; in a great Lord, rededicating of our lives to your purpose. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord, for your mercy. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Jesus. &gt;&gt; Thank you for your mercy, Lord. Thank you for the sweetness Lord of your spirit Lord. &gt;&gt; Thank you Lord for your presence Lord. Oh God how you sweeten us Lord. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord. Bless your name Lord God. &gt;&gt; Bless your name father. &gt;&gt; Grant it Lord. be with your children, Lord, even as we go our separate ways here this evening, Lord. Watch over them, Lord. Every stone, Lord, as they would go back, Lord God. Father, Lord, among their families, among their jobs, Lord God, may the great shakina light, may it shine forth the praise of Almighty God through their lives, Lord. Wherever they go to the grocery store, Lord, Father, to the garage, Lord. Oh, Father, wherever they might go, may the Shakina glory, may it shine, oh God, may it shine like a light, Lord God. Father, is it illuminated their lives. I thank Lord God of this Underground Railroad. We have signs posted all through Oberlin and all the way up through here. Lord, there would be beacons of light in the window to let them know this is a safe house, a place you can take refuge. I pray heavenly father as we were once slaves to sin and unbelief may the great shakana glory of God shine through our light lord god that will point others to you Lord to say no matter your situation no matter your condition I am personally acquainted with the same God who took care of my life he's able to take the shackles off your life Lord God I pray may the kind of glory. Let it shine through in humility and in love, Lord God. &gt;&gt; Granted, Lord, &gt;&gt; thank you for your mercy. I thank you, Lord God, for these people, my brothers and sisters. &gt;&gt; Thank you for each and every one of them. Lord, I know that many are streaming and will stream not able to be here tonight, Lord. But I pray, dear God. Oh, Father, may the Holy Spirit, Lord, I ask according to your word, make us one, Lord. Make us one, Lord, by the spirit of God dwelling on the inside, Lord. Oh God, that's that's the great achievement, Lord, that you bring into our lives. That's the glory that you would give to us, Lord God. And father through that great oneness Lord we have the strength within our lives the tutor the anchor what's needed Lord Father to help us to operate as a body help us Lord I pray forgive us Lord help us Lord I pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. You love him. Amen. Why don't you shake hands with one another? God bless you. God bless you. [Music] &gt;&gt; God bless you. God bless you. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, bind us together. B us together. B us together with love. Yes Lord. Oh Lord, b us together. Lord b us together with cords that that cannot be broken. Oh, bind us. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; This is our prayer. Father, &gt;&gt; bind us together. Oh, bind us together with love. [Music] Oh, bind us together, Lord. Bind us together with that cannot be broken. Oh Lord, b us together, Lord. Lord, b us together. [Music] B us together with &gt;&gt; I'm so glad I'm aart. And I'm so glad that I'm a part of the family of God. Oh, I've been washed in the fountain. I've been cleansed by his blood. Oh, join us [Music] with Jesus as we travel this this time. And I'm so glad that I'm a part of a whole family of God. You may notice. &gt;&gt; Yes. We say brother. &gt;&gt; Oh yes &gt;&gt; and sister around here. &gt;&gt; Oh the prophet said if you love me call me brother &gt;&gt; because we are a family. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And these folk songs so dear. And when one has a heartache. &gt;&gt; Yes Lord God. We all share the tears and rejoice in each victory. Oh, in this family so deep. Oh. &gt;&gt; Oh. I'm so glad that I'm a part of Oh, the family. [Music] &gt;&gt; I have been washed in the fountain and I've been cleansed by his blood. Join us with Jesus as we travel this. I'm so glad that I'm a part of the family of God. Well, from a door of an orphanage. Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; To the house of the king. I am no longer. &gt;&gt; Oh, Jesus. &gt;&gt; And outcast. Oh, a new song I sing. Oh, from race unto riches. From the weak to the strong, I'm not worthy just to be here. Oh, but praise God, I belong. And I'm so glad that I'm a part of the family of God. Well, I've been wash right in this fountain. I've been cleansed by his blood. Joiners with my Jesus as we travel this summer. Well, I'm so glad. Thank God that we are part of the family. Oh, let's sing it just one more time. I'm so glad. I'm so glad that I am a part of the family of God. Oh, I've been washed right in a fountain. I've been cleansed by his own blood. Joining with my Jesus [Music] travel the sun. I'm so glad I'm a part of the family. Oh, I'm joining with my Jesus as I travel this song. Oh, I'm so glad I'm a part of the family. Amen. How many's glad to be a part of that family tonight? Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. You all can be dismissed. Amen. If you still want to worship, you're more than free to. Amen. Oh yes. Oh. See us Sunday, Lord willing. I'm a child and going to fear God. Amen. Oh, his royal blood. did now flow through my veins. And I who was wretched and poor, I now can sing. Oh, praise God. Oh, praise God. I am a child of oh so yes I'm a child I'm a child of a king I know that his role your blood it now flows through my veins And I resurrection and poor I now can sing. Praise God. Praise God. I am. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh yes. I'm a child. I'm a child of the king. Well, I know that his royal blood now through my ve and I who was wretched. Oh well, praise God. [Music] Praise God. Praise God. [Applause] Praise God. Praise God. Oh, praise God. I am much. Where do I go [Music] when there's nobody else to turn to? Who do I talk to? When nobody wants to listen, who do I lean on? When there is no foundation stable, I go to the rock. I know he's able. I go to the rock where I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone that the builders rejected. Running to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. When this earth all around me sinking sand on Christ that solid rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I go to the rock. Well, where do I hide? Until the storms have all passed over, who do I run to? Oh, when the winds of sorrow threaten, is there a reuge [Music] in the time of my triulation? When my soul needs a consolation, I go to the rock. Will I go to the rock of my salvation? I go to the stone that the builders rejected. I run into the mountain and the mountain stands by me. When this earth all around me is sinking sand on Jesus Christ that rock I stand. When I need a shelter, when I need a friend, I will go to the rock. Well, I go to the rock of my salvation. I go to the stone that the builders rejected. Running to the mountain and the mountain stands by me. When this earth all around me sinking sand on Jesus Christ that rock I shall forever stand. When I need shelter when I need a friend. Oh, when the earth all around me sinking sand on Jesus Christ that rock I shall forever stand upon. I need a shelter and I need a friend. I will go to the rock where I go. [Music]
