################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-03 - "Unleashing Heaven's Power" - Bro. Andrew Spencer on May 3rd, 2025 - Andrew Spencer - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-03
Title:   "Unleashing Heaven's Power" - Bro. Andrew Spencer on May 3rd, 2025
Speaker: Andrew Spencer
Church:  Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_am4OFG9NHg
========================================

[Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, the comfort in knowing I'll soon be Oh, I can take the pain. The heartache that life brings the comfort of knowing. I'll soon be called. Tell them for me. I'm going up yonder. I'm going up yonder. I'm going up yonder to be with my Lord. If you want to know, where I'm going, where I'm going, one day soon. If anybody ask you where I'm going where I'm going one day soon. Tell them for me I'm going up yonder. I'm going up yonder. I'm going up yonder to be with my Lord. I'm going in a rapture. I'm going in a rapture. I'm going in a rapure. I'm going in a rapure to be with Oh, let's sing that. I'm going up yonder. I'm going up [Music] yonder. I'm going up yonder. I'm going up yonder to be with my Lord. Amen. Good to be in the house, Lord this evening, isn't it? Amen. See, so mighty you are. Holy you are. Let's go E flat on that maybe. Oh Lord God, Almighty Jes, you are [Music] glorifesty. The heavens declare your wonder for you are great and marvelously. [Music] For you Lord our God, there is no one else like you. Let that nations declare that you have done great things. mighty you are holy you are your mercy and adore forever more righteous you are great you are I praise exalt you oh Lord my God mighty. Oh Lord God Almighty. Oh Lord God Almighty. You are glor with majesty. The heavens declare your wonder. For you are great and do your marvelous [Music] things. For you alone our God. There is no one else like you. Let the nations declare that and you have done great things. Oh mighty you are. Oh holy you are. Your mercy endures forever more. Rightous you are. How great you are. I will exalt you. Oh Lord my God, my king and mighty you are. Oh holy you are your mercy forever more and righteous you are. Oh, great you are. I exalt you, oh Lord, my [Music] God. Amen. Every praise is to our God. Amen. Every praise is to our God. Every word worship one accord. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah to our God. Every praise. Every praise is to our God. Oh God my savior. Oh God my savior. Oh God my king. Oh God my deliverer. Yes he is. Yes he is God my savior. Oh God my he. God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship and wonder. Every praise, every praise to our God. Oh, sing hallelujah. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah to our God. Every praise, every praise to him. Oh God my savior. Oh God my [Music] savior. Oh God my he. God my will. Oh, say yes he is. Oh yes. God my [Music] savior. God my [Music] healer. God my deliverer. Yes he is. Oh yeah. Yes. God my savior. God my savior. Oh, he's my healer. Oh, is he your [Music] deliverer? Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship, one of every praise, every praise is too high. Oh, let's sing. Every praise one more time. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship one accord. Every praise, every praise to our God. Hey, give him a hand clap of praise. He is worthy of every praise. Blessed be your name in the land that is plentiful. Blessed be your name. The land that is plentiful where the streams of abundant days flow. Blessed be your name. And blessed be your name. When I'm bound in the desert place, though I walk through the wilderness, blessed be your name. For every blessing you pour out, I'll turn back to pray. When the darkness closes in Lord will still sing. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be your name. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your glorious name. Blessed be your name. The sun shining down on me with the world as it should be. Blessed be your name. Blessed be your name by [Music] wis your hand. Oh every blessing you pour out I'm turn to rain. Oh, in the darkness will stay and we sing. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your glory. Blessed be blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your glory as you give and take away. You keep and take away my heart. Blessed be all. You give and take away. You give and take away. You give and take away. My heart will choose to say, Lord, oh blessed be your name. Oh, blessed be the name of our Lord. Blessed be your name. Oh, blessed be the name of my Lord. Blessed be your Lord. Oh, blessed be blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. blessing me. Oh, you give and take away. You give and take away. You give and take away. My heart truth say blessed be your you give and take. You give and take away. You keep that away. My heart will choose to say bless be your name. Oh, blessed be the name of my blessed be your name. Blessed be the Lord. Blessed be your glorious name. Amen. Bless the Lord God Almighty. Sing a song. Our God is greater. Water you turn into. We serve a great God, don't we? Water you turned into. Open the eyes in the blind. There's no one like you. None like you. The darkness should shine. Oh, how the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. Oh, none like you. [Music] Oh, our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is he awesome with power. Our God. Oh our God. Into the darkness you shine. Oh, out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you or none like [Music] you. Into the darkness you shine. Oh, out of the ashes we rise. There's no one like you. Oh, none like you. Our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. Oh our God. And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what could stand? And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what can stand? Oh, just tell me what. Oh yes, our God. Oh, our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome power our God. Oh, I one more time. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God, you are lighter than any other. Our God is heer. Awesome power. Our God. Our [Music] God. Amen. We serve an awesome God in healing, power, and all. Amen. Let's go to the prayer requests this evening. We have many needs between our elderly. I want to lift each and every one of them up. The ones that are shut in, that can't get out. I want to continue to lift up our pastor that God would just touch him, strengthen him and his body with upcoming tests and things there. Want to pray for sister Donna Balor, brother Thomas Balor's wife dealing with that cancer as well as well as continue to lift up brother Bill and sister Teresa Delaney and our prayers that God would just touch them. I want to remember at Sister Lorie Snow that God would just continue to strengthen her and touch her as she's there in that hospital room. I want to pray for sister Sarah Hinkle as she's not been feeling well today. Brother Ron, Brother Andrew in church. Please remember Sister Sue that she would be able to get out of the hospital and start feeling better. Love sister Autumn, Sister Adai, and Brother Jonathan Damron. Amen. I just want to be remembering our Sue Lambert right there. That God would just touch her. Please remember my uncle Michael Lamb in prayer. He was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer this week. Thank you, Sister Wanda Hinkle. Brother Ron, Brother Andrew in church, please pray for mama on Tuesday. She is having cataract surgery. Thank you, Sister Barbara Frasier. Amen. How many have an unspoken request? Say, Lord, just pass by my way this evening. Amen. I'm ask brother Matt McCclar if he would just come. Prayer of these needs God would just touch them. Just want to say one thing. We win. [Music] Let your face say we win. It's good to smile, isn't it? You may have been down, but why don't you confound the devil right now and smile? Let's have church. Father, we love you tonight. God, we count it an absolute honor to be in church service tonight, Father. And we're just expecting great things, Lord. There's an anointing in the building, Lord, that all things are possible, Lord. Lord, we may have walked in here one way, but God, I believe we're going to leave here different. Father, God, we love you tonight, God. We pray for a rapture, Lord. Even so, come, Lord Jesus. Come catch this right away, Father. God, we love you, Lord. We ask you to move in a mighty way, Lord. You've heard these prayer requests, Lord. There are people in dire straits, God, that need to hear from you. And father, I pray right now, Lord. May every one of these prayer requests. May they know as surely there answers on the way, God. And may you move in a mighty, mighty way, Lord. We pray for Brother Ron, Lord. God, you just take the angst away, Lord God, and let the peace that passes all understanding, Lord. Let it sweep down the corridors of his heart, Lord God. And we know, Lord, we win. God, we love you tonight, Lord. Move Brother Andrew out of the way, Lord Jesus. Use him, Lord, like you've never used him before. God, I pray take this service into thy hand, Lord. Move throughout the building. Speak to every need, Lord God. Meet every heart, Lord Jesus. Speak to him, Lord, tonight, Lord, that as we left out of here, Lord, we'd be like those on the way to Emmas. Did not he talk to us along the way. Lord, get glory to thyself, Lord. Accept our praise and worship, Lord. We love you tonight. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. We commit this service into thy hands. Amen. And amen. Amen. At this time, we'll receive this evening's offering. You give as God's blessed you. Maybe as they're receiving the offering this evening, sing a song. Lord, we thank you. Lord, we thank you. Oh Lord, we thank you. Oh Lord we thank you. Oh Lord we thank you for you are God. Lord we thank you. Oh Lord we thank you. Oh Lord we thank you. Oh Lord we thank you for you are. Lord, we love you. Oh Lord, we love you. Oh Lord, we love you. Oh Lord, we love you. For you are, oh Lord, we'll praise you. And Lord, we praise you. Oh Lord, we praise you. Oh Lord, we praise you for you are God. Lord, we thank you this evening. Lord, we thank you. Oh Lord, we thank you. Lord, we thank you for you are God. Lord, we love you. Oh Lord, we love you. Don't you just love the Lord? Oh, I love you, Lord. Lord, we love you for you all. Oh, Lord, we praise you. And Lord, we praise [Music] you. Oh Lord, we praise you. Oh Lord, we praise you. You are God. Amen. You can be seated this evening. Ask brother Joel come sing for us. Then after brother Joel will have sister Gabrielle Bor. [Music] You were there for me. You were there for me through it all. When everyone around said that I would fall. And you were my friend. [Music] And you believed in [Music] me. And through the good times and the bad. At times I felt that you were all I had. And you were my friend. And you [Music] believed in me. So you went the extra mile. Oh. To prove your love was true. And you held out your [Music] hands as they drove the nails in you. And when you could have walked away and turned your back to all of my sins, but for me you gave your [Music] life. You chose to be my friend. And like a child so full of fear, you stood by my side. And you held me near. And you were my friend. And you believe in [Music] me. But when my faith grew weak and my strength seemed gone, you took me by my hand and led me on. You were my friend and you believed in me. So you went the extra mile. Oh, to prove your love was true. And you held out your [Music] hands as they drove the nails in you. And when you could have walked [Music] away and turned your back to all of my sins, but for me you gave your life. You chose to be my friend. [Music] And you were there for me through it all when everyone around said that I would fall. You were my friend and you believed in [Music] me. And through the good times and the bad. At times I felt like you were all I had. But you were my friends and you believed. Oh, you believed in me. Oh, thank you, Lord. So, you went the extra mile. Oh, to prove your love was [Music] true. And you held out your [Music] hands. Oh, as they drove the nails in you. And when you could have walked [Music] away and turned your back to all of my sins, but for me you gave your life. Oh, you chose to be my friend. This is my favorite part. And like a child, so full of fear, you stood by my side and you held me near. And you were my friend. And you believed in [Music] me. And when my faith grew weak and my strength seemed gone, oh, you took me by my hand and you led me on. And you were my friend. And you believed. Oh, you believed in me. Oh, thank you, Lord. So, you went the extra mile. Want to prove your love was true. And you held out your hands. Oh, as they drove the nails in you. And when you could have walked [Music] away and turned your back to all of my sins, but for me you gave your life. [Music] You chose to be my friend. And when you could have walked away and turned your back to all of my [Music] sins, but for me you gave your life. You chose to be our friend. [Music] [Applause] [Music] The more I seek [Music] you, the more I find you. [Music] The more I find you, the more I love you. I want to sit at your feet, drink from the cup in your hand, lay back against you, and breathe. Feel your heartbeat. And this love is so deep. It's more than I can stand. I melt in your peace. It's [Music] overwhelming. The more I seek you, the more I find you. The more I find you, the more I love you. I want to sit at your feet, drink from the cup in your hand, lay back against you and breathe. Feel your heartbeat. And this love is so deep. It's more than I can stand. I melt in your peace is [Music] overwhelming. I want to sit at your feet, drink from the cup in your hand, lay back against you and breathe and feel your heartbeat. This love is so deep. It's more than I can stand. I melt in your peace. It's overwhelming. I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand. Lay back against you and breathe and feel your heartbeat. This love is so deep. It's more than I can stand. I melt in your peace. It's overwhelming. [Music] [Applause] Is that your desire? I just love the Lord. Don't you? This is what I was built for. To worship him and I love him. Amen. Let's stand. We prepare to turn to brother Andrew sing a song. This is the air I breathe. This is the daily breath. This is the air I [Music] breathe. This is the air I breathe. Your holy [Music] presence living in me. This is my daily [Music] bread. This is my daily pray. This is my daily prayer. Your very word, spoken to me. And [Music] I I'm desperate for you. [Music] Oh, and [Music] I I'm lost without you. This is the air I [Music] breathe. This is the air I breathe. [Music] This is the air I breathe. Your holy presence living in me. This is my daily bread. This is my daily bread. This is my daily pray. Your every word spoken to [Music] me and [Music] I oh I'm desperate for you. Oh, and [Music] I I'm lost without you. Amen. He's so good to us. to sing a song. Zion, Zion, I'll bring you back home. Oh daughter Zion, oh Abraham son, hear the word of your father. Hear his promise of love. I will make you a [Music] blessing. Count the stars if you can. You will be a great nation. I will give you this land. I will bring back bring back my children. [Music] You will love lost [Music] and there is nothing that could take you away. I will bring you all [Music] again. You wonder my strangers to the ends of the [Music] earth. I will make you a savior. I will finish the You have no other shepherd. You have no other Lord. Greek pastures are waiting. [Music] Oh, I will bring back home. Bring back all my children alone or lost all [Music] in that can take you away once I gather will my wings. I will bring you [Music] all again. You are here working in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. You are [Music] me. I worship you. I worship you. You are here. You are here. [Music] I worship you. I worship you are here. You are here and you're working in this place. I worship you. I worship you. I call you way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness, my God. Oh, that is who you are. I call him way maker. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness, my God. That is who you are. You are here and you're touching every heart. I worship you. I worship you. You are here and you're healing every heart. I worship you. I worship you. Is anybody here that's happy to worship the Lord Jesus? You are here and you're turning lives around. I worship you. I worship you. You are here and commanding every heart. I worship you. I worship. Now let's sing it. Let's sing what he is to us. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see that you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see cancer, even when I don't feel like, you stop. You stop [Music] [Music] working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. But he made miracle work, promise, light in the darkness. My God. That's who we are. [Music] Way made, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. [Music] [Applause] Father, we come before you tonight. And Lord, we realize that you're in the room. We realize, Father, that we have entered into a very sacred moment. A spot that we would call it heavenly places, a place predestination can only put us in. Father, we have come here tonight, Lord, to see you, to see you face to face, to hear your word, and for our lives to be changed. Father, I pray that tonight that every person here under the sound of our voice, Lord Jesus, would feel the impulse of the Holy Ghost moving in this place, transforming lives. Lord, I pray tonight that you would take complete control of this service for your glory. Father, may lives be changed. Lord, you have dealt with me very heavily in this subject matter tonight. And I pray that by the inspiration of the Holy Spirit that we would speak the things that thou hast laid upon our heart. Now God, I'm completely insufficient on my own. But Lord, if I can yield my vessel to you and the people of God can begin to pull the very gift, Lord, that you placed in me, Lord, we will begin to see signs and wonders follow the believer. So Father, we dedicate this service to you and for your glory. So we pray in the name of Jesus Christ these special things. Amen. Amen. God richly bless you tonight. If you have your Bibles, we'd like to look over in the book of Luke, the book of Luke, chapter 11, and then down to Mark, Mark, chapter 12. Amen. Hallelujah. We had a beautiful wedding here today. So thankful our pastor, brother Ron, did a just absolute wonderful job. And we just want to welcome all of our visitors here that were here in for the in for the wedding. We just want to make you feel welcome. Amen. And we just love you with the love of the Lord. Amen. Lukeap 11 verse one. And we just like to uh by the help of the Lord maybe just take a little thought tonight on unleashing unleashing heaven's power. Luke 11:1 says, "And it came to pass that as he was praying in a certain place when he ceased, one of his disciples said unto him, Lord, teach us to pray." As John also taught his disciples, and he said unto them, when ye pray, say, Our Father, which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done, as in heaven so in earth. Give us day by day our daily bread. And forgive us our sins, for we also forgive everyone that is indebted to us, and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. And he said unto them, "Which of you shall have a friend and shall go unto him at midnight, and shall say unto him, Friend, lend me three loaves? For a friend of mine in his journey is come to me, and I have nothing to set before him." And he from within shall answer and say, "Trouble me not. The door is now shut, and my children are with me in bed, and I cannot rise and give thee." And I say unto you, though he will not rise and give him because he is his friend, yet because of his opportunity, he will rise and give him as many as he needeth. And I say unto you, ask and it shall be given you. Seek and you shall find. Knock and it shall be opened unto you. For everyone that askketh receiveth, and he that seeketh findeth, and to him that knockketh it shall be opened. Also, Markap 11 verse 22. Just want to confirm we have that clip ready for later. Okay, just wanted to line up the ending for the service this evening. Amen. Mark 11 and verse 22. And this is a very very familiar scripture to us and we realize that this is the scripture that our prophet was sitting there in the woods and he was contemplating on this scripture. It's very powerful scripture and it has great impact upon the believer today. I truly believe that if you can harness what brother Brandham says in perfect faith and you can capture what Jesus is saying to you right here, I really believe with all of my heart that you can move mountains in your life. Jesus answering saith unto them, have faith in God. That's the answer right there. That's the answer to your mountains. That's the answer to your problems. For verily I say unto you, that whosoever shall say unto this mountain, Be thou removed, and be thou cast into the sea, and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe that those things which he saith shall come to pass, he shall have whatsoever he saith. Therefore, I Jesus say unto Andrew Spencer, what things soever you desire when you pray, believe that you receive them, and you shall have them. How many believes that? Amen. God richly bless you tonight. May you be seated in the presence of the Lord. As we said, we'd like to just take a little thought on unleashing heaven's power. And to me, one of the greatest things about the Bible is to me how personal that our Lord Jesus Christ is to each and every one of us. I believe that no matter where you are in life, no matter how old you are, no matter how young you are, that our Lord Jesus Christ can make himself so personable personable to each and every one of us on our level. He knows how to come and speak with children and he doesn't mind taking time out of his busy journey to be able to stop and minister to our little children. And he isn't too busy to come by the elderly that might feel like they have maybe missed their journey or their days of their days of sojouring and being able to be effective. I believe that our Lord Jesus Christ can come to every one of those believers in their situation and in their needs. And brother Brandham would say this. He said, "I think that the main thing that I'm trying to bring to you is the reality of the presence of Jesus Christ that you might see him and know that it's him by his identified promise for the day." Again, the prophet said, "The greatest pleasure that I know of is to be to be to pray until I can realize that I'm in the presence of God and recognize it." He said, 'I think that ought to thrill be the thrill of the church is the presence of the Holy Spirit seeing the God that made the promise standing amongst us and feel his presence and see his word and see it vindicated. It ought to give faith to make cripples walk, blind see, death hear, and dumb speak. If we can realize that we are in the presence of the almighty God, then we ought to be able to recognize that no matter what we are facing, that every every statistic and every objective that the enemy might put upon our lives, that that presence that we recognize has the ability to change our complete situation. But you and I have got to be able to come in a direct approach and a divine approach to be able to approach him as he truly is. We don't want to approach him as just a janitor, even though God doesn't mind being a janitor. We don't want just to approach him as as the engineer, even though God doesn't mind being an engineer. We don't want just to approach him as a president because God, we realize that God doesn't even mind working in presidents and he doesn't even mind working in kings. But what we have to approach him as, we've got to approach him as the great I am. Because we realize that when we approach him as who he is, that then those blessings that you and I have need of in our life, then those things that we have need of will begin to be be able to release himself to us. So, we don't want to just come before him with some half-hearted loose worship, but we want to come before him as the great I am, realizing that he holds all the power of heaven and earth. He holds the earth by his very fingertips. It is his word that controls all things. And if we approach him in the divine approach that God has set up through the word, then we realize that God will release our desires that we have in him. Is that right? Now, brother Madden would come and he would teach us and tell us many things. And he would say to us that the greatest hindrance that the gospel has ever had has been education. And we realize that that we do not know God by education and we do not know God by intellectualism nor by reasoning or nor by science. But if we're going to know God, we've got to know him in a very personal way. We've got to know him by faith. Brother Marham said that faith is something that is born in you, something that God gives you. He said as he grabs Hebrews 11, it's the substance of things hoped for. It's the evidence of things not reasoned. He said that's where it comes from. Through there, through the unadulterated power of the Lord Jesus Christ that makes a creature a new person. It baptizes him a new in the Holy Spirit. Washes him, hangs him up, and seals him into the kingdom of God. Then he stands there knowing where he's at. All the devils in hell couldn't shake him away from it. He said, "You might even turn a machine gun on him, but that won't shake him away from it." You see, if you have a personal knowledge and a personal experience with the great I am as the God of all of heaven and the God of all the earth, there is no devil in hell. There is no demon spirit that can disrupt the plan of almighty God in your life. I want to say this to you. The message of the hour did not just come to us to prove that William Brandham was Malachi 4. The message of the hour did not come to us just to watch miracles happen in the first and the second pull. But I believe that the message of the hour came to identify us as a third pull people that gives us the same access and the same abilities that you watch William Brandham operate in the opening of the word. The message didn't come just so we could see miracles. The message came so that you and I could realize that we have been released to be sons and daughters of almighty God and that you and I have a representation by predestination and that we are built to withstand all the ws of the devil. Look at your neighbor and say we are built to overcome the pressures of Leoa. We are built to overcome the pressures of Leosa. And I tell you, it's very powerful when you begin to recognize the confidence that God has in his bride. That she can stand in the worst of times, in the worst and the darkest of ages, that you and I have been given an access and an ability to enforce our God-given rights that Almighty God gave you and me. He gave it to the little bitty girl that's got the baptism of the Holy Ghost. He gave it to our grandmas that are 90 years old. He's given you your God-given rights. Well, you say, "I might be small and I might be old." Let me remind you what the prophet said. It's not the size of the dog in the fight. It's the size of the fight that's on the inside of the dog. This message came to put you into astronaut kind of faith to believe that all things are possible and no devil in hell has a right to withstand you. Come on, somebody. He didn't come here just to make you a coward. The message came to give you courage and to be bold and to stand before God like a son. Not like a servant, but like a son and to make every demon recognize that it's got to bow by the name that you operate in. Well, come on now. I believe that we're in the hour where we recognize that we are astronauts and that you and I cannot be fed by by by Wesleyanism and we cannot be fed by we cannot be fed by Lutheranism. I'll say it like this so maybe you understand it just a little bit better. You cannot put hay on the inside of a rocket because you cannot feed you cannot feed this message people what you was feeding back there in days gone by. It might have been good for your horse and buggy but let me say this. You can never put that kind of a hay or that kind of a fuel on the inside of a rocket, but an astronaut has got to have rapturing faith that's been released by the message of the hour. And it was the opening of those seals that made you realize the power that you have in prayer. Brother Manam said, "You watch." He said, "Now the astronaut," he said, "you can watch it on the screen." That astronaut, he doesn't know where he's at. He's simply moving and he's controlled by a radar power. You can look at it. Brother Man said that you got a radar power, too. He said it's prayer. Prayer is the radar power that directs the astronaut. He said, "You ask the father anything in my name and I'll do it." He said, "You can tell the way the astronaut is traveling by the way the churches are praying." You can tell the way that the astronaut is traveling by the way the church is praying. If the church is praying, well, we believe that the days of miracles are passed, then the astronaut is going to go to the ground. If the astronaut, if you get yourself into a church that disbelieves any promise in the Bible, you are going to watch an astronaut come right back down. But if you can put your people and get a church that fully believes in the authority of what God has said and has spoken in his word, you will see a church that'll rise in power go higher and higher. I say this that she is unlimited in her power. She is unlimited in her faith. She is unlimited in what she can do. It isn't just for days gone by. It isn't just for the pastors. It isn't just for the strong ones. It's for every person that is birthed under the kingdom of Almighty God. And I say it's time that you unleash heaven's power in this place. Now, Brother Man Brother Man was asked the question in 1964 after the seals have been released. How can a Christian get deeper in the love of God? Read the word and pray. This is after the seals. And the greatest revelation that has struck the United States and all of the world is read and pray. How will I know God better? It's not to know all the breaking of the seals, but to read and to pray. What does Satan fight you so hard on? Read and pray. Read and pray. Read and pray. Jeremiah 33 and says, "Call unto me and I will answer thee and show thee great and mighty things which thou knowest not." So prayer reveals God's hidden power. Psalms 145 and 18 says, "The Lord is nigh unto all of them that call upon him and all that call upon him in truth. Now brother man said and thou knowest all things. He said it's prayer. It is the most vital force that God ever put in the hand of mankind. The most effective force that is known to man is prayer. Do you believe that it is prayer that changes things? Again he said prayer is the most powerful weapon that was ever put in the hand of mankind. The prayer of faith shall save the sick. Now to me, I'm so glad the prophet did not say it's so the most powerful force in the hand of preachers is the power of prayer. I'm so glad that he did not say in the hand of the strong Christians, the most vital force is prayer. But he said in the hand of all mankind, the most vital force is the power of prayer. So God will hear the old and God will hear the young and God will hear the weak and God will hear the strong. Let me give every mother in this place that feels like they are not being useful and all they're getting done in their daily life is just is just motherhood duties. Let me give you sisters a very powerful quote from your prophet. Will you receive it? And so a good praying wife or mother can do more for the kingdom of God on her knees at home than sometimes the preacher can do on the platform. That's for Sister Abigail. That's for Sister Gabrielle. That's for Sister Sarah. That's for all of these mothers. That's for every one of you here. Sometimes your prayer can be more impactful than a preacher standing behind the platform. The reason why we have service conventions like we are in is because somebody decided to pray. You can be as forceful with praying as I am forceful in my preaching. I say it's high time that we have our mothers. Hallelujah. It's Mother's Day next weekend and some of you are sitting here and your prodals are out there in the world. Mothers, your prayers can be more impactful sometimes than a preacher behind the platform. Well, how do you know? How do you know that he hears you, brother Andrew? First John 5:14 explains it perfectly. And this is the confidence that we have in him that if we ask anything according to his will. It's not asking for a new Jeep. It's not asking for a new Toyota. It's not asking for a new home. But if we ask anything according to his will, he hears us. And if we know that he hears us, That's how you got power in prayer is when you know that he hears you. When you know that you have talked to Almighty God and you didn't ask it in your own humanity and your own vanity but you are asking from the very heart and the word of Almighty God that if we know that he hears us whatsoever we ask we know. Somebody say we know that we have the petitions that we desire of him. Let me say it like this. Prayer is like a very it's a it's like a spiritual sword. Prayer is like a spiritual sword that is handed to a soldier in battle. And without that sword, he stands there before his enemy completely defenseless. He stands there and if he doesn't have a hope of it, he stands there and the enemy will whip him. But brother, when he's got faith in his hands, when he puts when he puts prayer upon his lips and he begins to talk to Almighty God, when he lifts that up in prayer, I say that heaven moves. I say that even sickness has got to go. That's right. I say if you'll start putting the word of God upon your lips, I'll tell you that every mind battle will leave you. I say that every fear has got to leave you. Every condemning spirit, every oppression spirit has got to leave you when you put the word of God upon your lips. Sickness, demons, powers, all the things of the world have got to leave you because God did not give you the spirit of fear. He gave you the spirit of power and of love and a sound mind. You see, just like Arnold Vanerford when he changed the dynamics of the battle for Switzerland that day, just like prayer, you see the tides of war changed that day when he made that decoration that I'm going to liberate my family and I'm going to liberate my home and I'm going to liberate my country. That's the same way that prayer, the sword of faith and prayer in a believer's hand, you ti, you change the tides of war. When you put prayer back up on your lips, I believe one thing for sure that prayer is a lost art today. I believe that people know how to Instagram and Facebook better than they know how to pray. Well, come on, somebody. You can tell me about all your prayer requests, but tell me how much have you prayed. Let me ask you, when's the last time you went through your prayer list and you checked people's names off instead of adding more people's names? That's the kind of power. Now, I'm not condemning you and I'm not whipping you around. I'm challenging you in a positive way because every single one of us have to spend more time in prayer. I read a statistic the other day that made me cry that the average Christian prays 3 to five minutes a day. What are we doing with our time? That's right. What are we doing with our time? Brother Brandham said that if you want to be the greatest indebted to this meeting, he said simply don't pray. He said don't pray. He said you can give all your finances to the meeting. And he said that would do a great thing. He said but the greatest thing that you can do for a meeting like this is to set aside an hour or two before this meeting and come and pray and your prayers will be answered. I wonder how many times have we set aside an hour or two to pray for our Saturday and Sunday services. I'd say that lives would be completely changed. There would be things upon our prayer list. Come on. I'm not condemning you. I'm just preaching the word of God to you because even I need more time in prayer. But if we took this serious and spent an hour before we got into church and prayed, let me say it like this. Prayer is a great communication to God. But let me say it even further. Prayer is activation. Because prayer will activate the Holy Spirit in your life to go after situations and condemn the devils that you have prayed about. Because there are demons that are after our children. But what must we do, brother Andrew? Pray. Come on, somebody. We've got to pray like never before. Now notice what the prophet said in the greatest battle ever fought. He said, you see his attack. He said, watch, listen closely this closing. He said his attack is what? Is to disbelieve God's word, that's his attack. You see, listen, if he can get you to disbelieve or disbelieve that your weapon is equivalent, if he can get you to believe that your weapon is not strong enough, he's got you disarmed. He said, "But when you lay that down, that finishes your fight. You're done." He said, "But hold on to that weapon, brother, and don't you lay it down." What are you saying? I'm saying if I was a devil, if I was a devil, I tell you what I do. I would steal every moment that you have for prayer, I would steal it away from you. Every time that you begin to think about prayer, I would begin to put something else on your mind. If I was a devil and I realized how impactful prayer was, I would make you think that your prayers can never be heard. If I was a devil, I would make you think that you still have so much sin on your life that your prayers cannot be answered by God. If I was a prayer, if I was a devil, I would make you think that only the deacons and the elders had the right to pray. If I was a devil, I tell you young people, don't get down on your knees, find some more entertainment. if I was a devil. But if I was God, I'd say, "Turn it on the devil and start praying and start whipping demons and start calling on God." If I was a devil, I'd try to rob prayer right out of your [Applause] life. Hallelujah. [Applause] You say, "Well, so many times the devil makes you feel like you're a little old insignificant nothing." It's amazing how the enemy likes to go after our little ones and make them think that that make them think that they're not strong enough. But let me remind you young people that Josiah became a king at 8 years old. And he began to pray and he started putting the word back in his rightful place. And he started to see the kingdom of God come back in his place. And I say little babies, I say little bitty boys and little bitty girls, if you will begin to pray, I will say that your mama and daddy will have a greater relationship with you. You might think you might think that your mama don't got time for you. But if you'll get down and pray, it'll bring create an atmosphere in your home that'll make your mama get right back with God again. I say, mamas and daddies, if we see our little ones praying, don't you just walk by. You get down on your knees and get to praying with them little ones. You see, it matters who you yield your vessel to. Brother Brandham picks it up when he starts talking about Mark chapter 5 and he starts looking at Legion. He said when he began to look at Legion, how that them demons had completely taken over Legion's life and completely utterly destroyed his mind. He said when the devil when them demons saw that the Lord Jesus Christ was there, he said the devil recognized who that was. The devil recognized who that was. He said, 'Now don't you say, don't say they don't recognize you. They do. You believe devils recognize Christians. He said, "Certainly they do." So it ain't if I pray, it's if you pray. Certainly they do. Devils tremble when the weakest of saints goes to their knees. What a power and a privilege it has been given to the church of the living God. When you fall on your knees in prayer, even devils tremble to the weakest of them. Think of it. And here we are. We have an open book. The seals have been released to us. We are a restored people. We see the fruit at the top of the tree. It's because the evening light has shone upon us. But it's amazing to me that we are the most forgetful people and we forget how to pray. We forget what God said. Brother Brandham said in the meanest man in Santa Maria, he said, "You think of the modern American people, what is it?" Well, dad's down at the pool room and mother's out with some pet society somewhere on the beach stretched out. Daughter's down at the canteen or down at the rock and roll. Junior's got his hot rod on the street. There you are. One's got a hamburger. One's got a hamburger. He said, "There's no home life and there's no prayer life." Again, he would say in testimony, he said, "Now you Christians, don't stay in that lukewarm condition anymore. Lay aside anything and everything. Just get as close to God as you can. Walk with him. talk with him. Let everything else be secondary but your prayer life. Let everything else be secondary but your prayer life. Stay right with him all the time. He said, "Now, I don't know why I stopped in my speech to say that, but I could prove this to you. I'd be willing to say that that was a spirit of God there that was speaking right now. A warning to you." That's right. Remember, I'm saying that under the anointing of the spirit of God, let everything else be secondary but your prayer life. I I have I have a question before I get into some preaching. We could point back to our prayer warriors a day going by. But where's my prayer warriors today? Again, I'm not condemning. I'm only preaching because God put this on my heart. And I cannot preach it unless he puts it on my heart. Let me ask you, where's my prayer warriors today? Where's my mamas? Where's my daddies that refuse to let the devil come in and steal their children? Where's the young people that refuse to give in? That refuse to give in to Leosa and let Satan come in there and rob from them the greatest time of their life. Where's our young people that decide, you know what, I'm not young enough. I'm not too weak. But I believe in the power of intercessory prayer. Where's our young girls that refuse to give in to Satan and say, "You know what? Instead of having a party, let's have a prayer meeting. Instead of our young boys getting together and having a good time, why not we have some young boys that begin to spend time in prayer together? We say, "You better be careful, Brother Angel. You'll create something." I pray to God we create something. I pray to God we create something in our young people and our young boys and in our mas and daddies to get back to intercessory prayer where we pray heaven down and we Hallelujah and we put hell off of our premises anymore. Let me ask you, what is more powerful than prayer? Nothing. Hallelujah. God has given you and I the most powerful weapon that can ever be placed in the hands of mankind. It's the power of prayer. He said, "It's the power of prayer. It's the power of a committed spirit. It's the power of the Holy Ghost." And he said, "We stand in a corner like a bunch of cowards sometimes." He said, "But God wants men and women who are gallant, who will stand out there and take their place. God wants a hero, but could you be one? He said, "Well, I'm too afraid, Brother Andrew." I'll say, "What fear operates on is feelings. But what faith operates on is the word of God. Fear will make you make hasty decisions and it'll make you abandon the truth. But faith will make you come right back to the word of God again." I'll tell you like King David did it. King David one time he recognized that he could not abandon the word of God and he was out there fighting a battle but he had to stop the battle. He had to stop the battle. And in 2 Samuel 5 and 19 the Bible said that David begin to talk to the Lord and ask the Lord if this was the time to go up and destroy the Philistines. Will you say brother Andrew them are demons? It's my opportunity to run them out of run them out of my family. Run them out of my camp. David first prayed. He knew them Philistines was demons. But he knew that he had to pray first. He knew he had to talk to God that had the ability to run them devils out of there. And if you'll start talking to God before you start talking to them demons, God will show you what time it is. He'll tell you with assurityity that you're going to win the battle. Like brother Matthew stood right here tonight and said, "We're winning." I take that as a sign to you mamas that has spent some time in prayer about somebody talking about prayer again. That a word has spoken unto you, you're going to win. Glory to God. You said, "Well, I I'm just surrounded by fear." Overcoming fear is trusting the word. Fear always brings something with it. It always brings the devil's language. And all of a sudden, fear makes you start talking the devil's language. You know what Satan's arsenal is? Forgetfulness. Hallelujah. To me, it's amazing how that you have been word taught all your life and all of a sudden when the trial comes up, you know, now come on, somebody don't let me preach to myself here. It's amazing that you are been word taught. I'm going to tell you what, I was raised in diapers in this message. But you let something come up and all of a sudden the devil will put forgetfulness on top of you and you'll start forgetting what God said. It's amazing when you start looking back to what what Israel began to forget as soon as they got out of the land of Egypt. They remembered all the nine plagues. They remembered when the 10th one came around. But let them get outside the city and all of a sudden they forgot what happened back there. It's amazing when you go through one victory and you get ready to go into another trial, you begin to forget what God did for you just right back there. But I love what the psalmist said in 119:16 that I will delight myself in thy statutes and I will not forget thy word. Verse 83 said, "For I am become like a bottle in the smoke, yet do I not forget thy statutes." Verse 93 said, "I will never forget thy precepts, for with them thou hast made me alive." 109 says, "My soul is continually in my hand, yet do I not forget thy law." Verse 141, "I am small and despised." I'm hated and rejected, Brother Andrew. Yet do I not forgive thy precepts. Verse 153, "Consider my affliction and deliver me, for I do not forget thy law. Amen. Verse 176. I have gone astray like a lost sheep. Seek thy servant. Come after me. I was gone like a lost sheep. I lost my faith. I lost what I was meant to do. But seek after me for I do not forget thy commandments. He will never leave me and he'll never forsake me. I might have went away. I might have went away, but he never went away. I might have walked away from the message. I might have walked away from my faith, but hallelujah. He never left me. Well, Jesus, I'll never forget what you done for me. Well, Jesus, I'll never forget how you set me free. Jesus, I'll never forget how you brought me [Applause] out. I have gone astray like a lost sheep. Seek thy servant for I do not forget thy commandments. Well, how can I forget? Come on, somebody. How can you forget what he done for you? How can you forget how he brought you out? It is said that a man that is in constant fellowship with the Elohim is invincible. I'm talking about somebody that knows that they've been with Jesus. You remember when brother Bisll was talking about when he was being on the hunting trips with the prophet, he said, "I I was to take the second watch." He said, "Brother Brandham took the first watch." He said, "When brother Brandham came to me and woke me up for the second watch," he said, "I went and sat where the prophet was." He said, "It was like I had entered a lover's bedroom." He said, "Because the prophet had been talking to Elohim. Jesus went aside to pray. Jesus, the great I am, took time to talk to the father." Well, who are you talking to? I'm talking to the father that sealed his life on the inside of me. I'm not talking to the airwaves. I'm not talking to what's around me. I'm not talking to a picture. I'm talking to the one that placed a gene seed on the inside of me. Well, I'm too busy. Susanna Wesley was a mother of a Philadelphiaian church age messenger. She had 19 children. She lost some of them in their infancy. And even in her busyiness of life, she took two hours a day to pray every single day. It was said, I was reading this week that it was said amidst the busyiness of the chaos of a busy household, sometimes Suzanne Wesley got so busy, but she knew she had to pray, she would take her apron and throw it over top of her head so that she could have a private space of prayer time. I'd say it's time for mamas to take their apron and throw it over top of their head. I'd say it's time for brothers to take their head out of the news. Take their head out of what's going on in politics. Take their head of who what Pope is coming in, what Trump is doing. Wow, has Biden fell off the map. Take your head and put it between your knees and talk to Almighty God. Well, what if I can't get on my knees? I'm too old to get down. I have a hard time getting up. It's not the posture of your body. It's the posture of your heart. Let me say this that some of the most powerful prayers are prayed in the car. Some of the most powerful prayers are when you can't get down on your knees. Some of the most powerful prayers is when you brothers are walking through Lowe's or Home Depot working on a job and mamas are working through their school and they just need a minute and all of a sudden they turn back and they realize I've got power over the situations of my life and they start talking to Papa God and they don't realize they know that they're not just communicating with God. They are activating Almighty God. That same pillar fire that was while you're with William Brham has been activated in your life, in your faith, in your home, in your family. I say it's high time that you unleash heaven's power. Hallelujah. Jesus said in Matthew 18:18, "Verily, verily, I say unto you that whatsoever you bind on earth shall be bound in heaven, and whatsoever you loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven." Again, I say unto you, that if two of you agree on earth as touching anything that they shall ask, it shall be done for them of my father which is in heaven. For where two or three are gathered together in my name, there am I in the midst of them. It's more than two or three in here. I'd say if I was you, I'd start passing notes back and forth. Come on, young people. You've been passing notes back and forth in church. You might as well pass some notes back and forth. Let's agree to this that tonight's going to be my night of deliverance. That tonight's going to be my healing. Why don't you pass some faith to this brother and that brother and said if two or three agree with us on this one thing we shall have so whatsoever things we ask in the name of Jesus Christ just like the believers in Mark chapter 2 when they are created enough faith to bring a man and tear off a roof and drop him down they said there's two of us that got the same kind of faith and they activated the faith of the father and all of a sudden a death a man that was on his bed that man Jesus Jesus looked at him and said, "Rise up and walk." I say to you, dead center, rise up and walk. Get out of your paralyzed faith condition. I'm talking about believers that are bold. I'm talking about believers that are strong. Let the weak say, let the weak say, I'm When the weakest of Christians go on their knees, let them say, "I am strong." Elijah was a man like you and I. Elijah had ups and downs like you and I. Elijah had trials like you and I. Elijah had to deal with Leosa, Jezebel's like you and I. But Elijah begin to talk to God. He said, "You know what? It's time that we lock up heaven. Let it not rain for three years." Well, I'll tell you what the rest of James said. Is there any six among you? Let him call for the elders of the church. Let him pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord. And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up. If ye have committed sins, they shall be forgiven you. Confess your faults one to another, and pray for one another that you might be healed. The effectual fervent prayer, that word in the Greek, it is energ. effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man avaleth much. If you read it in the amplified, it shows that the dynamics of God will bring it to pass. A righteous man, now the prophet said, "Now, a righteous man is not a sinless man, but a righteous man is a man that confesses his sins." And Elijah was a man like you. But Elijah was a righteous man. And Elijah locked up the heavens. But when it was time for the harvest rain, Elijah Elijah released a rapturing faith kind of rain that would produce a harvest. the most powerful weapon in your hand. And I know you brothers, y'all got some powerful weapons. And we ain't going to call them out by name. Some of you do not have certificates. And some of them your granddaddy give to you. But I say this to you, what you got in your gun safe is not the most powerful weapon. Come on, somebody. You can have a bazooka gun. You can have a 458 SOCOM. You can have the greatest of the greatest of the weapons. And that will not impress the enemy that you're facing in this hour. But let your home start dropping down to their knees. All of hell starts getting scared. The most powerful weapon in your home is prayer. Can you imagine what it was like for Isaiah when he's up there on the mountain and all of a sudden he comes down and God speaks to him said, "Go down there and speak to the king of Israel. Tell Hezekiah to make yourself ready cuz you're going to die." And as Isaiah starts walking down through the city, he starts going down through there and the people recognized that a prophet was in the streets and they started asking, "What are you here for? What are you condemning us for?" He said, "It's not for you, but it's for your king." your king is going to die. And Isaiah walked into the bedroom where Hezekiah was laying there sick. All of a sudden, when he pronounced judgment that he was going to die, Hezekiah turned his face to the wall and he started praying. I say prayer is the most powerful weapon that you can put back in your family. Prayer changes things. Prayer changes situations. Prayer even changes God's mind because he turned around and he prayed a short little prayer. and said, "God, I need more time to do more for your kingdom. God knows why you're asking. God knows your objective. God knows what you're going to do with more time." And Hezekiah, because of his prayer, changed the mind of God. The prophet said Isaiah was already on the outside of the city. Can you imagine what was running through Isaiah when all of a sudden, thus sayaith the Lord strikes him. I'd say Isaiah wasn't even embarrassed because he knew that he knew the power of thus sayaith the Lord. He walked down there with thus sayaith the Lord and he was going to walk back in there with thus sayaith the Lord. Thus sayaith the Lord will never embarrass a prophet and thus sayaith the Lord will never embarrass the prophet's people. Come on now. You know that William Brandon would say things, but when he said, "Thus sayaith the Lord," you could paint, you could bank all of heaven upon it because it was going to come to pass. Well, thus sayaith the Lord, you're going in a rapture. Thus sayaith the Lord, I see you marching in step onward Christian soldiers marching as to war. You may have not been walking that way, but Hezekiah, it's time to pray. I'd say mamas, daddies, I'd say I'd get myself together. If you're not with your mama, if you're not with your husband, I'd say I'd get a hold of them tonight before we leave this building. And we grabbed together by the union of faith and prayer. It is the most beautiful thing. He's a story. It's just a story, but it proves the power of prayer. But tell you some some black folk that was riding in a in a in a Cadillac and they was going down the road and the grandma was sitting up front and all of a sudden one of her grandsons in the back got deadly sick. And mama was a Christian. Grandma was a Christian. And she went in and they was driving past the home and she went into the home. She says, "Sir, we got a bad situation. My grandson is deathly sick and I need to pray. Do you have a closet because she recognized what Jesus said that when you pray, enter into your closet?" And she walked into that closet and she started talking to God. And before she got out of that closet, that little boy that was deadly sick in the car come knocked on the door. You know, the prophet told us that there is a prayer line. There is a prayer land. Brother Brandham was dealing with a with an elderly man one time in the land of discernment. And he's standing there. He said, "Now, I see an elderly man standing out there before me." He said, "Now," he said, "I see you've got several things wrong." He said, "One of them, you've got a rupture in your life." He said, ' But the other one, he said, 'You've got a cough.' He said, 'You got a bad cough.' He said, 'I see what it is. He said, 'You got tobacco.' And he said, he said, he said, that come that coughing that you got come from smoking. He said, now if you'll just throw that away, he said, God will heal you. He said, now you was just praying just a minute ago, Lord, if you'll let that man turn towards me, I'll believe you and I'll be healed. He said, now brother, I'm not I'm not reading your mind. He said, 'But there is a prayer land and in that prayer land there you was a praying. He said, I seen you just a few moments ago. So, brother, I'm telling you that there is a prayer land. So, all of your prayers that seem like they have gone unanswered, they're there in a land. Some of you have prayed for things that have never happened. I'd say don't you give up on them prayers. This is more than Disney World. Don't give up. This is more than just giving up and don't giving up on your dream. This is talking about prayer, the most powerful weapon. Don't you give up on your prayers. You prayed them prayers in faith and they're sitting there in the land waiting for God to release it. One place, Brother Man is talking with a boy in a line of discernment. He's talking to him. He's got him right in front of him and he starts talking to him. said, "Sir," he said, "now the reason why you're standing here," he said, "is because of mama that's done went on to glory, she had prayed many of prayers for this moment. And the reason why you are here is because that mama prayed. Your grandma prayed a lot of prayers." Hallelujah. You look at these shiflet boys. You look at their grandma, the power of prayer that they put on them boys. And you look at the family that's here. You look at You look at Homer Fraser. You look at him done gone. But God ain't forgot one of his prayers. Some of you are in this room right now because a man of God took the power of prayer seriously. What are you saying, Brother Andrew? I'll just say it like this. That prayer is like a great big river that it's got power behind it. But prayer is like the dam that holds up that river. That dam holds back all of that power all that time. It holds back all that power all that time. But if you by the token of prayer can begin to release and begin to turn those and unlock that dam, you'll begin to watch the very water and the very strength of your prayers and the life that is behind them gates that have been shut up. All that power that's behind them damn walls. They're backed up and they're damned up. I say if you'll start praying the power that is contained behind them walls when you begin to align your faith with the obedience and a s and a complete surrender. I say that prayer will unlock that gate. that prayer will unlock that gate and all of a sudden that power that is behind your prayer will begin to start flowing freely and all of a sudden you'll start seeing life and all of a sudden you'll see momentum behind your prayer and all of a sudden your prayers will be unstoppable forces in everything that it touches. But I say this, there's too many people there's too many people that are beaver damn Christians. They have shut off the floor. Oh my because they forgot how to pray. But Isaiah 41:18 says, "I will open rivers in high places and fountains in the midst of valleys and I will make the wilderness a pool of water and dry land springs of water." I want you to know that the power of God is not absent in your life and it is not obsolete. It is just waiting for you to unleash it. It's waiting on you to unleash it. So the power you need over your life is in this room. All you got to do is pray and ask and believe and it'll come open. Well, how powerful is prayer? Brother Maram was a very personal friend with a man by the name of Dr. Stonewall. And Dr. Stonewall had taken a lie detector and had completely turned it in a way that he could see it when somebody tells the truth if it was true or not. And he stuck it on a believer when they pray. He said that when he stuck it on that believer, he said you could see he said it went so past far farther past when they begin to pray. He said, 'But they took that instrument and they put it on a dying woman and they that dying woman be to pray and brother Brandham said it was not just a power. He said but it was a supernatural power that was coming out of that woman. He said it went completely over on its on its statistics. It completely went over. It was said that out of that woman's prayer, there was enough power to send a radio signal 55 times around the world by a woman that was praying in the supernatural. I'd say that if you would begin to pray in the Holy Ghost and pray in the spirit, then all the powers of heaven will be released right through your faith and through your surrender. That is why Paul said unto us in Ephesians 3:20, "Now unto him that is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that you could ever ask, according to the power, the power that is behind you, according to the power that work within us." Paul said that you got the power. You got the power to do all things. Let me let me put it even more personal. There is somebody in your family that has the key to the power behind the damn. There is somebody on your job that has the power to release heaven on your job. There is somebody in this church that has the power to release God and eluce all of heaven's power. But the key is faith. But your prayer has got to be the one that opens up the rivers that have been trapped behind your prayer life. Do you hear what I'm saying to you? That Satan does not know what to do with a people that know how to pray. Let me say it in the words of Moses through the lips of Almighty God in Deuteronomy 28 and1 that it shall come to pass that if you will open up the rivers and you will unlock the dam that if thou shalt hearken diligently unto the voice of the Lord thy God, and to observe and to do all of his commandments which I command thee this day, that the Lord thy God will set thee on high above all nations of the earth. And all of these blessings shall come down this river and shall come upon you and come on your family and come on your job and come on your church and come on your children and they won't just come on you but they'll overtake you if thou shalt hearken unto the voice of the Lord. These blessings will be unleashed when you obey the voice of the Lord. Amen. Prayer don't just change your situation. It revives your soul. It heals your wounds. It births miracles. God said in sec 2 Coronicles 7:14 that if my people which are called by my name shall humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways then I will hear from heaven. The prophet said that a son of God has got more power than an archangel in heaven does. Prayer from a saint will go a million times higher than an angel. Jesus said men ought to always pray and not faint. So Jesus said don't just visit prayer but live in prayer. But I'll tell you what I really believe that people are afraid to unlock that power. The reason being is because it will change their normal. I wonder if you really prayed for your family. I wonder if you really prayed for the Holy Ghost. I wonder if you really prayed to get rid of your habits. Don't fear the flood. Live in the flow. Don't fear the flood. Don't fear the power. Just live in the flow. Don't you worry about what's going to change your normal. Don't you worry. Don't you worry about if you start really living what the message says at your job. Don't worry about it. Just live in it. Don't just don't get all shook up about what's going to happen if you really pray in front of your up front of your friends at school. Live in the flow. Don't be afraid. If you really get under the uncction of the Holy Ghost, you might dance. I'm scared. What it really might make me do, I tell you what it probably will make you do is shout off your makeup. It'll make you shout out all your bobby pins. It'll make you shout out all of your all of your your second mask and your third mask and your fourth mask. If I was you, I'd stop lying about being a Christian and live in the flow of a Christian. If I was you, if I was you, I wouldn't just take what I'm saying, but I'd find out what God really says about me. I'm coming. to a spot. But you've got to get to a spot where you don't care what happens in prayer. Do you understand what I'm saying? I'm saying you got to get to a spot in your prayer life that you pray through so much that some of you sisters that got more of the Holy Ghost than maybe your boyfriend or your husband that you won't care what happens. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. No, I'm not sorry. That wasn't me. But you got to break through in prayer into such a place that no matter what, kind of like Daniel did. There was going to be people that made fun of him and there was going to be people that was going to put him to death. But Daniel did not change the way that he lived just according to some what Donald Trump was going to sign into. He didn't change because of what king or what pope. Daniel was still going to pray. Daniel didn't care if the king had done signed a decree and he was trapped into it wrongly. Daniel was still going to pray. And when Daniel knew, it's powerful. Daniel knew that these things were going to happen. But the Bible said that Daniel went into his upper room and he got down on his knees and he threw back the curtains and he be to pray three times a day. But to me, the most powerful thing that the scripture depicts to us is that just like he had done a four time The time to pray is not after the decree is made. The time to pray is before. And when it is already in your life, it will not change according to what some man says. I feel like preaching right now. Your prayer life will not change. Your shout life will not change. Your circumstances. Come on, somebody. You getting drunk in the Holy Ghost. You speaking in tongues. You enjoying the moving of the Holy Ghost will not move because of some backsliden preacher that doesn't believe in the moving of the Holy Spirit. But because you have already met the offer, no matter what they say, you have already talked to him. And he says it's all right to dance. He says it's all right to shout. He says it's all right to sing. He says it's all right to pray in the Holy Ghost. [Applause] Jesus said that I give unto you the keys of the kingdom of heaven that whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven. And whatsoever you loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven. Brother Random said this. He said, "If God will make demons here, God can stand here and with one prayer make every devil in this building leave. with one prayer. As you brothers prepare that clip just now, I want you I want to preface this quote and I'd like to invite I'd like to just close this service to me the greatest preacher that's ever walked in shoe leather. But I want to preface this quote. I want you to listen to what the prophet says when he talks about when prayer is made. He talks about Satan and he talks about the pressures trying to keep you from praying. But when prayer is made, I want you to listen close to it before this clip plays. Brother Brandham says this. He said, "Now moving up close to me now comes a spirit of death." He said, "It's black, hideous. The veil is parting back. I see a woman examined. It's a cancer. It's come to take your life. Jesus Christ comes to give you life. Who do you believe that tonight? The Lord Jesus. He said, "Every cancer sufferer in the building, stand to their feet at this time for the defeat of one of the arch enemies of the human race. Will you stand to your feet? Thou demon called cancer. You might hide from the doctor, but you can't hide from God. You're exposed. come out of these people in the name of Jesus Christ, you are defeated. Go on your road. I have never noticed this before, but the pressure that's erasing in the building when prayer is made, the pressure leaves. Amen. Amen. It's it's being healed. I've never seen it like this before. The pressure God bless you, sisters. On the name of Jesus Christ, go and be made well. Amen. Hallelujah. Come believing. You were healed standing right back there just a few moments ago. Now go eat whatever you want to. Jesus Christ. Glory. You believe. All right. Look here at me just a moment. You believe me to be his prophet? There's something strange about you. It's a You've had arthritis. Ever arthritis case in the building? Raise your hand. or if you can't stand. Almighty God, author of life, I now in the name of Jesus Christ by the legal rights of the cross and by the anointing of the Holy Spirit that you're now I condemn every suffering devil of arthritis and ask it to leave this audience at this time in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You're defeated. It's gone. Your ass go across the platform rejoicing. Amen. Everyone that Amen. marvelous. Our Lord Jesus Christ, you believe it. That condition left you standing there in a condition. Do you believe it left you while you were standing there at the believing at that time? In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I condemn the enemy and ask that it goes in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Go rejoicing, sister, thanking God for his goodness and his mercy. Heart trouble means the more to God than nothing else. Every person with heart trouble, stand to your feet at this time and say, "I accept the Lord Jesus Christ as my healer." And a glorious shout, "Almighty God, I condemn the enemy of this woman's body and the enemy of everyone in here. Come out, Satan, in Jesus Christ's name. Something strange happened at that time. Someone who was here at suffering with a heart trouble that was in a wheelchair should have raised at the time and have been healed. Someone is bound in a wheelchair that's crippled up by a devil of heart trouble should have raised. I didn't get the vision of the person just who it was. It looked like a dark complexed person that raised. All right, bring your bring your patient. You believe with all your heart that Jesus Christ, the son of God, will make you well standing here. Oh God, I condemn this enemy and ask that he goes through Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you, sister. Go believing with all your heart. Bow your heads just a moment, will you, Reverend? Almighty God, a deaf spirit moving over this woman. It's the enemy's business to do this. Cause her to be killed. But thou art here to deliver her. Faith cometh by hearing, hearing of the word. She cannot. If she cannot hear, how could faith come? I ask that you deliver the woman. Come out of her, Satan. I adure thee to leave the woman in the name of Jesus Christ. Leave her. You hear me? Can you hear me now? Can you hear me now? I missed a whisper. You're healed. Your nervousness is gone. Go on your road rejoicing and praising God. And you can hear. Let's say thanks be to God. Thanks be to God. You were healed when you come up through the line down there when the heart trouble crew was healed a while ago. You was healed also. will go on your road rejoicing, thanking God and saying, "Praise be to God." Would you come, lady? You believe with all your heart. You believe me to be his servant. If God will reveal to me your trouble, will you accept your healing? It's in your back. Is that right? Jesus Christ can make you whole now. Do you believe that? Father, in the name of thy son, the Lord Jesus, I condemn this devil. It's bound this woman. You laid your hand on one that had been bound for many years and loosed her. And I do likewise tonight to this woman in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Go on your road rejoicing, sister, and be made well for God's glory. All right. You believe, sir, with all your heart. How many in here believe right now for your healing? This will be a marvelous time for everybody to be healed. I'm going to ask you to do something. Oh, here's the lady. Oh sister, you should rise. You should believe on the Lord Jesus Christ. Put your hands over on her while the rest of the audience puts their hands on one another for a prayer just now. Come sir, you believe that Jesus Christ is sure to make you well. Satan, leave the man in Jesus Christ's name. There she is up out of the up out of the chair. The power of God. I seen the woman in a vision going without the chair. There she is. Let's say praise be to God. afflicted, twisted in here or sitting in a wheelchair, she rises in the name of Jesus Christ. There's a there she stands healed and well. Every person in here wants to get healed, stand to your feet right now. Rise up out of the wheelchairs. Throw away your crutches. Almighty God, in the name of thy son, the Lord Jesus Christ, I condemn every devil's spirit. I liberate these people through Jesus Christ's name. Satan, you're a loser. You're defeated. Come out of the people in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. How many wants to receive their healing? You see, what was Satan trying to do? He was to trying to block that woman. He said, you could see, he said, he said, I've never noticed this before. He said, but there's so much pressure in this room. He said, but the pressure leaves when healing comes. That woman was tried to be blocked by Satan. But all of all of a sudden a prophet spoke a vision over top of her life and Satan could not stop that vision because it was thus sayaith the Lord. It's thus sayaith the Lord by his stripes I am healed in the name of Jesus Christ. Every person in here right now under the sound of our voice, Jesus said, "What things soever you desire when you pray, believe that you shall receive them and you shall have them." As a musicians, come let us bow our heads and pray. Heavenly Father, we come before you in the name of the most high God. There is no God like you. Lord, we realize, Lord, that you have come and you have laid this upon our heart for your people's sake. You have spoken unto us directly. It is time to unleash heaven's power. You said when you were standing here right before you left, all power in heaven and earth is given unto me. Father, you told us to go into all the world and to baptize them in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Father, we have done that. We have committed everything that we are under the gospel and the kingdom of Almighty God. And we stand here, Father, as righteous men, men that have confessed our sin, men and women that believe what you have said in your word. And we ask, Father, that you would hear our prayer through the blood of Jesus Christ. And the prophet taught us that when we pray in the name of Jesus Christ, it's as if our Lord is praying that. So, Father, I pray for back pain that it would leave in the name of Jesus Christ. I pray for every person that has suffered with cancer. I pray that that cancer would leave in the name of Jesus Christ. For every person that has dealt with problems in their kidneys, with different infections in their colon, I pray that the name of Jesus Christ would be over top of them and Satan would have to bow and obey the name of Jesus Christ that is here in this room. May every young person that has for that has forgot to call on your name at lunch, that has forgot to whisper a prayer before they go into school. I pray, Father, that you would give them the boldness that you gave the apostles to stand there before the Sanhedrin council and to stand there and proclaim the name of Jesus Christ. I pray that you would give us access to that boldness tonight that we believe that it isn't for days gone by, but we believe right now in this very special spot that the Holy Ghost would come near and you would dispose of the devil in our life. Father, I can hear a prophet say in the breaks that just at that time when the church is going up, then you begin to dispose of the enemy. Father, we realize that we are facing an enemy that is nothing but a bluff. He might have arrow. He might have a bow, but he ain't got no arrows for it. So, he's simply a buff, a bluff. Father, we know that your word is a sharp two-edged sword. So, Father, I pray in the name of Jesus Christ that it would go through this congregation and it would begin to cut off unbelief and it would begin to cut off complexes and it would begin to cut off stigmas and heart problems would be fixed in the name of Jesus Christ and sugar diabetes would be fixed in the name of Jesus Christ. That kidney problems would be fixed in the name of Jesus Christ. There would be feelings of the Holy Ghost in the name of Jesus Christ. fear would leave in the name of Jesus Christ and faith would rise in the name of Jesus Christ. Father, I pray that you would liberate your children, those that are listening on the way of the internet. Father, I pray that you would unleash heaven's power. Father, may you hear our prayer coming through the blood cell and may you release, Father, the things that we speak over our prayer just now. Now, brothers and sisters, I invite you to lay your hands on the brother beside you, the sister beside you and to join your faith together. You got a decision to make right now. Joshua had a decision to make one day and he turned and he said, "Son, stand still." Moses had a decision to make one day and he stretched out a rod. The prophet had a decision to make one day and he said, "I'll speak a squirrel in the existence here and a squirrel there and a squirrel here." But you got a decision to make right now. Will your prayer life change? Will your family be a powerhouse of a family? I say from this night on, Full Gospel Lighthouse will be a powerhouse of a church greater than what she ever has been. I pray for every person that's listening to me by the sound of my voice tonight across them airwaves that prayer would strike them that they would have a faith in their heart to believe that right now the God that William Brandham the will the God that William Brandham sought and the William Brham that preached this message to us and taught us that he's alive he's the same yesterday today and forever that you'll recognize right there where you are that almighty God is hearing your prayer now you Pray now you [Music] pray. Heaven Jesus. [Music] I [Music] pray the same. You can [Music] super bless [Music] Brother Jonathan, Sister Autumn, won't you come pray over his prayer cloth [Music] tonight? [Music] Impossible. You only believe. Oh Lord, I believe. [Music] All things are possible. Oh Lord, I believe. Oh, I believe. Oh Lord, I believe all things are [Music] possible Lord I believe. Oh me. [Music] Holy believe that all things are possible. You hold me feel oh we feel all things are possible. for me. [Music] Believe. Oh Lord, I receive. Lord, receive. All things are possible. You hold me. Receive. Lord, I [Music] receive. I receive. All things are possible. Oh, you [Music] see I need you in the darkness, in the middle of the night. I'm pray for assurance everything going to be all right. Lord, I see another battle. I'll be following. I know be able to go down in me. Oh, said you remember where I brought you from. Just take a look around just far. Every time I ask you tonight, so why would you be thinking that I wouldn't see it through you? Didn't I walk on the water? Did I come the rage sea? I swore to the way. Oh, we hush. I gave you peace. Oh, didn't I run to your rescue? Didn't I hear you when you call? I watch right beside me. Just so you wouldn't call. Oh, didn't I leave all of heaven? Oh, just tonight for your sin. Oh, so right till I found you and I do it all again. Oh, did I walk on the water the rain sea? Oh my [Music] sto I gave peace. Oh, didn't I run to your resue? Didn't I hear you [Music] call right beside you just so you wouldn't fall? Would you not leave on heaven or just die for you? Search till I found you in [Music] my as I knew you in the darkness in the middle of the night. I pray for assurance. Oh, everything going to be all right. And Lord, I see another battle. Oh, in front of me. I'm afraid I won't be able to go down into me. And he said, "Do you remember just where I brought you from? Just take a look behind you. Oh, how far you've come." hoping every time you ask me can I deliver you so why you be thinking oh why would you see me through I walk on the water didn't I the [Music] ang I run to your rescue and I hear you break your call. I'm all right beside you just so you wouldn't fall. Didn't I leave on heaven or just in time for you to [Music] see till I found you and I didn't walk on the water? And I love the rain sea. Oh, the smoke to the wind. Oh, we came. Oh, didn't I run to impress you? Didn't I hear you call? I walk right beside you. Oh, just so you wouldn't fall. Or did I leave all of heaven just to die for you? I searched till I found you. Oh, I do it all again. [Music] I know your father. [Music] Peace of God cover [Music] me. Oh, cover [Music] me. Oh, cover me. [Music] Peace of God cover me and through the storm. Oh, cover me. Peace of [Music] God. Oh, peace of God, cover me. Oh, cover me. Oh, cover me. [Music] Oh peace of God, cover me through the [Music] stor and cover me. Oh, holy you. He [Music] say and only you I'm [Music] secure and only you will I find a peace to cover [Music] Oh, cover [Music] me. Oh, cover me when I am hurting. Oh, cover me when I die strong. Oh, cover me with your glory through the storm. Oh, cover me without seems hopeless. Oh, cover me when my name is gone. Oh my [Music] understand peace of God. Oh peace of God cover me. Oh cover me. Oh cover me. [Music] Oh peace of God cover me and through the [Music] storm. Oh cover me peace of God. Oh peace, son of God, cover [Music] me. Cover [Music] me. Oh, cover me. [Music] Oh peace of God cover me through the sh. Oh cover peace of God. Oh peace for God me. [Music] Oh peace of God, you have heard me. [Music] He's an on time God. Yes, he is. Ooh. Oh, he's an on time God. Yes, he say he may not come when you want him, but he will be there right on time. Oh, he's an on time, is he? Well, you can ask him the children of his room. Trapped at the pra and his army. They had a water all around them and oh they roll on their tribe. Oh out of nowhere I got stepped in and built a highway just like that. Let me tell you he's an on time God. Yes he is. Oh he's an on time God. Yes, he is chosen. He may not come when you walk through, but he will be there right on time. Oh, he's an on God. Yes, he is. [Music] Well, you can ask the 5,000 hungry souls he made on the ps of the river with two vicious five blows of rain. Oh, what a miracle that he performed for that multitude. for what he did way back then. He'll do today for me. And you let me tell you, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, he's an on God. Let's see. Jose may not come when you want him to. He will be there right on time. Well, he's on time God. Yes, he on God. Yes, he is. Oh, he's an Lord of God. Yes, he say come when you want him to, but he will be there right time. He's an on God. Yes, he is. Well, you can ask the children of Israel. Oh, trapped at the Red Sea. Oh, by that mean Pharaoh. Oh, and his army. They have water all around the old tracks. Oh, I don't know where I got st and built a highway just like that. Let me tell you, he's an all time God. Yes, he is. Oh, he's an on God. Yes, he is. Jose may not come when you want him to, but he will be there right on time. Well, he's an on God. Yes, he Let's talk to the 5,000. Well, you can ask the 5,000. Oh hungry souls he f well on the face of the river with two fishes a lo well what a miracle that he [Music] perfor he'll do today for me and you let me tell you He's an on time God. Yes, he [Music] is. For He's an on time God. Yes, he is. Joseph may not come when you want him to, but he will be there right on time. Well, he's in time. God. Yes, he Oh, he's on time for our situation. Oh, he's an on time God. Yes, he is. Oh, he's an on time God. Yes, he said may not come when you want him to, but he will be there at all time. Well, he's a time God. Yes, [Music] he give him praise in the house of the Lord. He's that kind of God that'll show up for your situation every time. Praise the Lord, everybody. Praise the Lord. Praise him. Praise him. He's worthy. Give him praise. [Applause] [Music] Oh, praise the Lord everybody. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord everybody. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord everybody. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, everybody. I to praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord everybody. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord everybody. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, King David was a dancing. Well, on Mount Zion's hill, well, his wife looked down upon him and she told him to be still. Well, he said, "Hey, he warn me." Well, I'm not a corner of James. You didn't give this to me and you came take it away. Oh, praise the Lord everybody. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord everybody. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord everybody. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord, everybody. Oh, praise the Lord. Well, Jesus told the people, "Well, that wouldn't praise out loud." Well, if they wouldn't praise him, then the rocks would cry out. Well, I've never heard a mountain that could sit in my place. There anchor rock. Sing amazing praise. Oh, praise the Lord everybody. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord everybody. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord everybody. Oh, praise the Lord. for everybody. I to praise the Lord. Well, you wonder why I'm happy. Oh, why shout? Where will I be getting in on that in time pouring out? Oh, get rid of your tradition. Lay aside all your doubt and get closer to the glory where the powers come out. Praise the Lord everybody. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord everybody. Praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord everybody. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord everybody. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, King David wasn't dancing well on Mount Zion's hill. Well, his wife looked down upon him and she told him to be still. Well, he said, "Hey, woman. Well, I'm not going to change. You didn't give this to me and you can't take it away. Praise the Lord everybody. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord everybody. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, shout for joy everybody. Oh, shout for joy. Shout for joy everybody. Oh, shout for joy. Well, Jesus told all the people that wouldn't praise out loud. Well, they told him, "Praise him that the rocks would cry out." Well, I would never let a mountain. Oh, shout in my place. Well, there ain't a rock that can sing amazing. Oh, praise the Lord everybody. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord everybody. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, shout for joy everybody. Oh, shout for joy. Shout for joy everybody. Oh, shout. Oh, clap your hands. Clap your hands everybody. Oh, clap your hands. Clap your hands everybody everybody. Clap your hands. Praise the Lord everybody. Oh, praise the Lord. Praise the Lord everybody. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, shout for joy in everybody. Shout for joy. Shout for joy in everybody. Oh, shout. Oh, praise the Lord everybody. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Everybody. Oh, praise the Lord. [Applause] Well, he's got in the pull pit. He's got back at the door. Well, he's got in the amen corner. He's got all over his floor. I know God is God and he don't ever change. I know God is God and my Jesus is his name. He's the God that made Jesus. He's the God that's brought us out. He's the God that rules in heaven. He's the God that makes me shout. Oh, I know God. He's God. And he don't ever change. I know God. He's God. And Jesus is his name. He's the God of the Hebrew children. He's the God of Abraham. He's the God of the fiery furnace. Yes, he is God. I am. I know God is God and he don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. He's God when the lightning flashes. He's God when the thunder rolls. Well, he's not way up in heaven. He's got down in my soul. I know God is God and Jesus is I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he's God if you love him. He's a God if you don't. He's a God if you'll serve him. He's still God. And I know God is God and he don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he's the God that heal the leper. He's the God that raised the dead. You can stand upon his promises cuz he'll do just what he said. I know God is God and he don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he's God in the Father. Well, he's God in the Son. Well, he's God in the Holy Ghost. Got all three in one. And I know God is God and he don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he's God in North Carolina. Well, he's God in Tennessee. Well, he's God in Mississippi. And I got to be I know God is God and he don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he's the God that heals cancer. He's the God that heals TV. He's the God that heals our trouble. And I know he'll heal me. I know God is God and he don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, I have a right to praise him, a right to worship him too because I saw my name revealed by the lamb too. And I know God is God and he don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, they call us Holy Rollers. Well, they're always making fun. Well, I'm glad I've got this Holy Ghost. I'm living in this sun. I know God is God and he don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, he's God in Moses. He's the God in Paul, too. Well, he's the God in William Brandom. Well, he's got me and you. And I know God is God. And he don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Well, a piece of being canon came down the soul. He came up out of that mountain speaking thus sayeth the Lord. I know God is God and he don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus. Let's sing it one more time. I know God is God and he don't ever change. I know God is God and Jesus is his name. Amen. Glory. Give him praise. He's that kind of a God. that he's worthy of all that. Oh, glory hallelujah. Glory hallelujah. What an awesome God we serve. Amen. Let's try this on. There's power in prayer if you believe. There's power in prayer if you believe. He's standing right there for you to receive for problems you face. He's all that you need. There's power in prayer. Sing it again. There's power in prayer. If you believe he's standing right there for you to receive your problems you face. He's all that you need. There's power in prayer. Oh, Daniel bowed his head and he prayed. No answer came for 21 day. Felt God never heard his servants's prayer. There's power in prayer. Let's sing that verse. Oh, there's power in prayer. If you believe he's standing right there for you receive problems you face. He's all that you need is power in prayer. Let's sing it one more time. There's power in prayer if you believe. Standing right there for you to receive. The problems you'll face. It's all that you need. You're dismissed this ceiling. Oh, there's power in prayer. If you believe he's standing right there for you. Receive for problems you face. He's all that you need. The power in prayer. He's the God that can't fail. when friends let you down. So cast all your cares to him cuz I found he can take a heartache and turn it around. There's power in prayer. Oh, there's power in prayer. If you believe he's standing right there for you to receive all the promise indeed power in prayer. Oh, he's the God that can't fail when friends let you down. You cast.
