################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-07 - "We Shall Remain" - Bro. Aaron Oglesby on June 7th, 2025 - Aaron Oglesby - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-07
Title:   "We Shall Remain" - Bro. Aaron Oglesby on June 7th, 2025
Speaker: Aaron Oglesby
Church:  Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-IcF_lz88UY
========================================

Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Our God is healer. Our God is power. got you are higher than any [Music] other. Oh yes. Oh our God. Oh our God. Water you turned into body. You opened the eyes in the blood. There's no one like you or none like you. Oh, into the darkness you [Music] shine. Oh, out of the ashes we rise. No one like [Music] you. Oh, none like you. [Music] Oh, our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome power. Our God. Oh, our God. And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what could stand again? And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what could stand? Oh yes, tell me what. Oh, what could stand? Oh, our God is greater. Our God is stronger. Got you are higher than any brother. Our God is healer. Awesome in power. Our God. Oh. Oh. Our God is greater. Our God is gater. Our God is stronger. God. You are higher than any other. Our God is healer. Awesome. Oh yes. Oh, and if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what can stand? And if our God is for us, then who could ever stop us? And if our God is with us, then what can stand? Oh, tell me what. Ain't nothing can stand against this bride. Oh yes, the saints are now. Oh, our God is greater. Our God is stronger. God, you are higher than any other. Our God is awesome. [Applause] [Music] God. Oh, just give him praise in the house of the Lord this evening. Oh, what could stand against us? If our God is for us, there's nothing that can stop us. Amen. I sing praises to your name. I sing praises to your name. I sing praises to your name. Oh Lord, praises to your name. Oh Lord, for your name is great and greatly to be praised. I sing praises. Oh, I sing praises to your name. Oh Lord, praises to your name. Oh Lord, for your name is praise. and greatly to me. Oh, I give glory to you. Oh, and I give glory to your name. Oh, glory to your name. Oh, for your name is great. Oh, and greatly to be prais glory. Let's sing it to you. Oh, I give gloryy to your name. Oh, glory to your name. [Music] Oh, for your name is great and greatly too deep. Oh, let's sing. I sing praises to your name, oh Lord. Oh, I sing praises to your name. Oh Lord, praises to your name. [Music] Oh, for your name is great and great. Oh, and it's already done. Oh, when it's already done. [Music] Oh, it's already [Music] turned. The battle is over. The victory is won. And it's already done. I'm already [Music] here. Oh, and I'm already here. Oh, well, I'm already here. Oh, the battle is over. The victory is born. Satan, I'm already Oh, can you say it's already done this [Music] evening? Oh, it's already done. [Applause] [Music] And it's already [Music] here. The battle is over. The victory is won. It's all over. [Music] Oh, can't you claim that this evening that it's already done? Amen. Sing it. He made a way. Made a way. Go sing. And you made a way for me. When our pack was a case, the wall and it looked as if it was over. You made a way for me. The empress standing only because I sing it again. for you. They wait for me. When our back was a castle wall and it looked as if it was [Music] over and we're standing here only because you made you move [Music] mountains and you might be with your power for you and there is [Music] nothing ever standing [Music] And you you made me. Aren't you glad that you can claim that this evening? Oh yes. And it looked as if there was you made a way for me. And we're standing here only because you made and you move mountains and you cause walls. Oh, with your power. for you for me. There is nothing that's [Music] impossible. And who's standing only because you made and you move mountains. Oh, you cause Oh, with your power. Oh, you g me and there is nothing. Well, that's impossible. Oh, and standing [Music] here. Oh, let's sing out one more time. And you move back. Oh, aren't you glad that he can roll those things right out of your life to fall with your power? You've gone there. That's impossible for ever standing here only because you made oy. Amen. Let's go to the prayer requests at this time this evening. We know that God can just move all these mountains out of each and every one of these individuals lives. No matter what is standing in their way this evening, our God can move on these requests. Want to continue to lift up our elderly, each and every one of them. Want to pray for our pastor, brother Ron Spencer. He's speaking to Brother Wayne Lawson's this weekend. Probably taking the pullpit at this moment. So I want to pray for him like I would strengthen him and body and let him step out of the way and just use him in a supernatural way this evening. I want to continue to remember sister Teresa Delaney. She is scheduled for surgery June the 9th at UVA. So I want to pray for her. Also want to be remembering Brother Marcus Turner's 2-year-old grandson that has that enlarged lymph node in the stomach and possibly a second one. They believe it is benign. He is scheduled June the 18th for a consult with a pediatric surgeon. Also want to be remembering our brother Marcus as he has injured that foot and wearing that brace for several weeks. I want to pray for him. I want to remember our sister Wanda Hinkle and family. Glad to have her in the house, Lord, with us this evening. God richly bless you. Dear church family, please continue to pray for Scotty Arnold, Elena Kesler, Samantha Nichols. Thank you, Sister Deborah Watson. Please pray for my niece Haley. She has scarlet fever. Please pray for a full recovery. Thank you, brother Randall Griff. Amen. How many would have an unspoken request and say, "Lord, just come pass my way this evening." Amen. I want to pray for brother Aaron Oglesby. Glad to have him here with us this weekend. Want to just pray that God would just use him here in a supernatural way. Amen. I'm going to ask brother Matt McCclard just come pray over these needs. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Father, what an honor to be in your presence, Father. We feel you in the building, Lord. And Lord, we don't take it for granted, Father. We love you. You're welcome, Lord. God, may you have your own way tonight, Father. Lord, I pray for Brother Aaron right now, Lord. Move all the nerves, Father, and this way, that way. But God, may there be just an uncction of the Holy Ghost, Father, that you would just lead him and guide him, Lord. May you move him completely out of the way and speak through him, Lord. We're thankful, Lord, for the traveling mercies. You brought him this way. But God, we're expecting great things today, Lord. God, we're expecting just an awesome service tonight, God, and even better tomorrow, Father. Cuz we know you're a good God, Lord. And you take good, good care of us, Father. God, you see these needs that we've asked for, Lord. And Lord, we're not just asking in hope. We're asking in doubt, Father. We're asking, we're believing, Father, that there's going to be testimonies, Lord, of how you moved and what you've done, Lord. And how you've not only done that, but you blessed every situation, God. We love you, Lord. Lord, we ask you, Lord, just to take this service into thy hands, Lord. May you move in a mighty way, Lord, in each one of our lives, God. And we'll know we've been touched, Father. We know we've heard from the master, Father. Lord, we just ask for a special blessing. Come on, brother right now. Lord, may you just move in a mighty way in that presence, Father. May you help him just now, God. May the wind of the Holy Ghost just sweep down in the depths of his soul, God, and use him like you've never used him before. Lord, we love you tonight, God. May you get praise and worship, God. May you hear our hearts tonight, God, when our words aren't enough, Father. May the depths of our hearts speak glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Thank you, Father. Take this service. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. At this time, we're going to receive this evening's offering. You give as God's blessed you. We'll have sister Abigail Morris come sing for us this evening. And we have Brother Jackson Oglesby as we're receiving the offering this evening. Let's sing a song. I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Can't you say that this evening? I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad that Jesus lifted me. Oh, I'm so glad my Jesus lifted me. Well, I'm so glad that Jesus lifted me. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus lifted me and I'm on my way to heaven. Oh, shouting victory. Well, I'm on my way to heaven. People shouting victory. Well, I'm on my way to heaven. Shouting the victory. Singing glory. Hallelujah. Jesus said, "Oh, Satan had me bound. Satan had me bound, but Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had me bound, but my Jesus set me free. Oh, Satan had me bound. But Jesus set me free. Singing glory, hallelujah. Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad that Jesus set me free. Oh, I'm so glad my Jesus set me free. Well, I'm so glad. Oh Jesus set me free. Singing glory. Hallelu. Jesus set me free. Amen. You be seated this evening. [Music] Who is like you, Lord, in all the earth? [Music] Matchless love and beauty endless worth. Nothing in this world can satisfy. Jesus, you're the cup that won't run dry. Your presence is heaven to [Music] me. Your presence is heaven to me. Treasure of my heart and of my soul. In my weakness, you are merciful, redeemer of my past and present wrongs. [Music] You're the holder of my future days to [Music] come. Your [Applause] presence is heaven to me. [Music] Your presence is heaven to [Music] me. And all my days on earth I will await. For the moment that I see you face to [Music] face, nothing in this world can satisfy. Jesus, you're the cup that won't run dry. [Music] Your presence is heaven to me. Your presence is heaven to me. And who is like you Lord in all the earth? [Music] Matchless love and beauty endless [Music] worth and nothing in this world can [Music] satisfy. Jesus, you're the cup that won't run dry. [Music] [Music] I'm not a warrior. I'm too afraid to lose. I feel unqualified for what you're calling me to do. But Lord, with your strength, I've got no excuse. These broken people are exactly who you use. So give me faith like Daniel and the lion stand. Give me hope like Moses in the wilderness. Give me a heart like David. Lord, be my defense so I can face my giants with confidence. You took a shepherd boy and made him a king. So I'm going to trust you and give you everything. I'll be a conqueror cuz you fight for me. I'll be a champion claiming your victory. So give me faith like Daniel in the lion's den. Give me hope like Moses in the wilderness. Give me a heart like David. Lord, be my defense so I can face my giants with confidence. I'm going to sing and shout and shake the walls. I won't stop until I see them fall. I'm going to stand up, step out when you fall. Jesus. Jesus, I'm going to sing and shout and shake the walls. I won't stop until I see your fall. I'm going to stand up, step out when you call, Jesus. So give me faith like Daniel in the lion's den. Give me hope like Moses in the wildness. Give me a heart like David. Lord, be my defense so I can face my giants with confidence. So give me faith like Daniel in the lion's den. Give me hope like Moses in the wilderness. Give me a heart like David. Lord be my defense so I can face my giants with confidence. I'll face my giants with confidence. [Music] I praise the Lord. I like it when you can you can tell when somebody believes what they're saying. Amen. Amen. What a worshshiper Brother Jackson is. God bless you, buddy. Wonderful, wonderful presence here tonight. Aren't we excited about this weekend? Amen. We're just we're just under great anticipation for what our Lord Jesus Christ is going to do here this weekend. And I believe that God's going to do great things. Amen. God bless you, Sister Wanda. It's good to see you in the house of the Lord. Amen. We love you with all of our heart. And you're not facing your battle alone. We're facing it in confidence together. Amen. Amen. Let's just get ready to change order the service just now and invite our brother Aaron Kia. Amen. Amen. You pull on the gift of God tonight and let the Lord use him in a special way. In peace like a river in my [Applause] way. Oh, when sorrows like she belongs. [Music] Oh, [Music] [Applause] whatever. My love, thou rest on me to say it is well. It is well with my [Music] soul. Oh, it is [Music] well. Oh, with my soul. Oh, it is well. It is well with my soul. Although Satan should [Music] but trial should come. Oh, let this bless control. All that Christ has regarding. My help li and have sh his own blood for my soul my sin. Oh, the lips, oh, of this glory is falling. Oh my sin, oh not in heart over the whole. [Music] Oh, it is nailed to the cross. Oh, and I bear it no more. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh, praise the Lord. Oh my soul. Oh, it is well. It is well. Oh, with my soul. With my soul. Oh, it is well. It is well with my soul. Oh, Lord. Oh, haste the day. Oh, my faith. It shall be [Music] stop the cloud we roll back. Oh well. [Music] Oh, the trump it shall resound. Oh, my Lord. Oh, he shall sing. Oh, we s Oh, it is well with my soul. Oh my Lord, it tears for thee. For thy come we we wait. Oh the sky. Oh not so great is our go. [Music] Oh, the shout of the angels. Oh my. Oh my Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh my soul. Let's sing it one more time. for thee, Lord Jesus. But Lord, oh tears for thee, for thy coming we wait. [Music] Oh, the sky. Oh, not the grave is our [Music] go. Oh, the shout. Oh, the angels. Oh, the voice. Oh my Lord. Oh bless. Oh blessing. As brother Aaron comes. Sing it with all your heart. It is well with my soul. God bless you. [Music] with my [Music] soul. My soul is [Music] well my soul. Do you realize how blessed you are to be able to say it is well in a world that has fallen apart? In a world that's completely lost all morality and is crumbling all around us, there's a people on the face of the earth that can say it is well with my soul. It don't matter what's going out there. It don't matter who's falling away, who's struggling, who I got I got a goal. I got a goal and it ain't the grave, but I'm waiting for his coming. And I'm going to stand till I see it. And I can stand here tonight and say, "Church, it is well with our soul." Hallelujah. What a wonderful savior we serve. Brother Andrew just don't even know what it means to me that he sung that song just with where we're going tonight. I'm just Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Can we pray together? Father, in the name of Jesus, Lord, we thank you for your presence that's already here. Lord, we thank you that once again, you have kept your word and where we've gathered together, you have come to be in the midst, Father. Now, I just pray, Lord Jesus, that as we approach this word that you'll move me out of the way, Lord. Lord, Lord, I've got notes here in front of you of me, Lord, but may not hinder me. May I just be led by you and pulled, Lord, where you'd have me to go. And, Lord, give me the direction and the words to speak that would bless your people, Lord. I'm I'm very aware, Lord Jesus, that I'm speaking to a portion, Lord, of that that that you purchased with your blood. And Lord, I want your word spoke tonight. I want your people encouraged, Lord, exactly how you would have it. I ask you to move me aside now and just speak, Lord. And may you not just anoint my lips, but anoint the listener as well, Lord, so so that the word can have its full effect in this place tonight. Lord, I pray you'll come break every chain, Lord. Every lie of the enemy, may it be broken tonight in the house of God. We commit this time to you. We pray that you'll bless the word that we're about to read. Father, in Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. If if you have your Bibles with with you and you'd like to turn with me to Ephesians 6, verse 13. And I don't want to take too long, but I I tell you what, I I can't express to you uh in the short amount of time that I have right here before we start how how happy I am to be back with you here at Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle. you uh you truly are family to me and I have so many friends here. I count you all as friends. You've you've been there with me from the very very very beginning of my ministry as the very first place I ever preached outside of home and you've always been so loving and so supportive and I I so appreciate you and I love you very much and I me and my family are just so grateful to have the opportunity to be back with you. So God bless you and I just pray that we'll just enjoy a wonderful time in his presence together this weekend. Amen. Amen. And we're going to read here in Ephesians 6. We'll read 13 and 14. Then we're going to look to 1 Thessalonians 4. Ephesians 6 and13 says, "Wherefore take unto you the whole armor of God that you may be able to withstand in the evil day." We're there. Amen. We're there. And having done all to stand, stand therefore, having your loins gird about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness. Amen. If you'll look also with me to 1 Thessalonians 4, verse 14. 1 Thessalonians 4:14. We'll read down through verse 17. says,"For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so them also which sleep in Jesus will God bring with him. For this we say unto you by the word of the Lord, that we which are alive and remain until the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep. For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God, and the dead in Christ shall rise first. Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. And so shall we ever be with the Lord. Amen. I pray that the Lord will add his blessing. Now as you take your seats. Amen. Such a wonderful atmosphere, wonderful presence. I'm just so thankful to be here with you in this. Like to speak to you tonight on a on a little thought. I just pray that the Lord will get in it here and and and speak to you on we shall remain. We shall remain. And as we read here in the scripture, I think it's such a wonderful promise that we're going to be caught up to meet the Lord. Amen. I I I believe that's just as sure today as it's ever been as the day that promise was given. And and I believe that's what we're all living for. And and I don't believe that we're living this life just for for for things here on this earth or for temporal things, but we're living for that promise. We're living for the opportunity to be caught up into the air to to be ever with the Lord. And I don't I I I don't believe that we're going to have to wait too much longer. I I I don't believe we have too much longer to wait for this. Everything is in place. Prophecies being fulfilled around us all the time. You know, it it shocks me the day we live in that you have people that are that that are getting weaker and weaker in the faith. And I look around say every day that we go further, I'm more and more convinced that William Brandon was a prophet to this age. Every day that goes by, I see more fulfilled and more fulfilled and more fulfilled. And people are somehow another they're getting less and less. And I'm going maybe I just got different eyes. Maybe maybe I'm seeing through a different vision than they are because it's getting more and more obvious that we're on the right path. It's getting more and more obvious that that we are following a vindicated and proven messenger. Amen. And prophecies being fulfilled all around us. And it's going to happen. I just want to tell you what we read, what what we're holding out for the the clouds are going to be rolled back and we're going to be caught. It is going to happen. You can book it. I'm telling you. But I just want to make sure tonight that I'm ready when it happens. I don't want to be caught unawares. I don't want to be caught with something in my life. Listen, I'm so thankful that with all that's going on today that God didn't allow us to be caught unawares. He sent us a prophet with perfectly clear vindication and everything that comes to pass, we can say modern events are being made clear once again by prophecy. We knew it was coming. We knew it was coming. If it's caught you unaware, that's not his fault. That's right. It's going to happen. And I just want to be ready for it. Amen. Amen. One one thing I do know is that the devil isn't going to sit down and let us go without a fight. We hadn't got all the way down here and the devil's going to go, "You know what? It it's true. Let me back off. I'm not going to win anyway." He's not going to back off and he's not going to let us go without a fight. Every single day is a constant battle. Can you attest to that? It's a fight. It's a war every single day. We are in an allout war. And it's a war for your soul. It's a war for the souls of men. It's a war for your children. It's a war for your families. It's a war for your joy. It's a war for your peace. It's a war for your health. It is a constant war. But I'd like to say this. It's a war that we are going to win. Amen. I've read the back of the book. I see that we are victorious. Others may have gone down, but there's a bride in this day and she's going up. We are a victorious people. We are an overcoming people. We don't lose this war. We are the winners in this thing. Hallelujah. You might as well get ready for eternity. You might as well get ready for a crown of life. We win. We're going in a rapture. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Satan's Eden has come to a full maturity. is getting worse day by day. It's getting worse hour by hour. Listen, people today have completely given over to a repbate mind. They've completely given over to insanity and and they've become so anointed with a satanic anointing that they they begin to manifest outwardly the works of the spirit and the influences that have taken over their body. That's right. I mean, you don't not not to judge people, so to speak, but you see people walking around, you can see demonic powers on their life. They're manifesting what's living on the inside. But I want to look away from that for a minute and say, if there's a people manifesting that, there is another people on the face of the earth that has reached maturity in this day and they are manifesting the works of the life that is on the inside of them and is living out of them. And they are they are manifesting holiness. They are manifesting overcoming power. They are manifesting a complete Christian life to a dying world. Amen. There's another people in the land that has reached maturity and they are manifesting the works of Jesus Christ. Another people in the land who under their messenger is the final voice to the final age. That's not just a quote. That's identifying you. That's identifying who you are and what your purpose is to manifest to the world. to let your life speak out about a living God. Amen. That people that that that that are on the earth, and I'm talking about you, they haven't come to this place to fall. We haven't come to this place to fall short. We haven't come to this place to be lukewarm. But we have come out in order to conquer. We didn't leave Egypt behind to stay in the wilderness. We didn't leave Egypt behind to look back and say, "I wish I had leaks and garlics. I don't want none of that. I've come out to conquer the land." and the seals have opened and Jericho has fallen and it's open to us tonight. It's time we go in and conquer the land. It's what you've been called to do. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We haven't been called to stop short. We've been called out to take the land. We've been called out for a body change. We've been called out for a rapture. We've been called out for a marriage supper. But in order to do that, we cannot be a stagnant people. We cannot be a people who who've remained in the same place, in the same condition year after year after year, and yet satisfied that we've been called out. We haven't been called out to die in the wilderness. It's two parts. It calls you out, but it also takes you in. Hallelujah. I I appreciate the victories in your past. I appreciate that you can point back to testimonies, but I've often said it before. If you was still on the banks of the Red Sea dancing a week after that happened, you was left behind. You got to move on to your next victory and your next victory and your next victory. Step after step after step after step until you step into the translation of your body. Hallelujah. a people going forward. A people progressing. Hallelujah. And we we have to get it out of our heads that it's going to be easy. That's right. Many times because we're struggling, we think we're failing. Struggle don't mean fail. Struggle means fight. And it's going to be a fight every single day of your life. I'm struggling. Praise God. That means you're taking another step. I'm struggling. I'm barely moving. Praise God. You're still in the fight tonight. Hallelujah. It's not going to be easy. It's going to be a war. It's never been easy. It's something that you have to be willing to fight for. We are told here in Ephesians to put on the whole armor of God so that we're able to stand against the ws of the devil. The scripture identifies our enemy here as the devil. Not flesh and blood. Let's stop for a minute. No matter what, your enemy is not flesh and blood. I don't care how mad you are at your wife. We can go both ways with that. I don't care how mad you are at your husband. I don't care what the preacher said or how mad the deacon made you. Your enemy is not flesh and blood. That's right. Let's take all the effort and the energy that we take holding grudges against people and throwing darts at people and getting upset about this and upset about that and let's turn that energy back towards the one true enemy, the one that's after your soul, the one that's after your children, the one that's trying to keep you here. And if we can get our arrows aimed back where they're supposed to be, we'll get a lot further down the road. That is your brother. That is your sister. They are not your enemy. ever, ever, ever, ever, ever. They are the ones that we are fighting together with to get to eternity. Hallelujah. Flesh and blood is not your enemy, but principalities and powers and rulers of darkness and spiritual wickedness in high places. And the word tells us, "Having done all, to stand." What's that mean? All is pretty self-explanatory. everything you can sold out every single effort you can give. See, this isn't a halfway battle. If you are halfway in, I'm going to tell you, you're going to eventually be all the way out. You are going nowhere with a halfway effort but to the tribulation. This is an allin battle. It's total war for total victory. The enemy isn't coming at you halfway. When's the last time devil gave you a break? When's the last time devil said you get a day off? I tell you what, I wish we'd get the attitude and go on the offensive a little bit and say, "Devil, I ain't giving you a day off. I ain't taking a day off from my Christian walk. I ain't backing off my promises. I ain't backing off my healing. I'mma sit here and pound and pound and pound and beat and knock and knock and plague him." And he says, "I've had enough. Take your rapture. take your healing and get out of my kingdom. I'm not going to give him a day off. Stay on him. Come after him. Take your victory back. Take your healing. Take your family. Hallelujah. No days off for the enemy. Hallelujah. Quit petting him. I say no quarter. Give him no quarter. Hallelujah. He's sending everything he's got at you. Jesus said the gates of hell will not prevail against his church. Brother Brandham comes in and says that shows that the gates of hell would be against it. What does this mean? The gates of hell. Strong's Greek concordance in the Greek lexicon in the New Testament indicates that gates in antiquity was used to indicate authority and power. The word typically refers to the exit that people go out of. And in this sense, the word focuses on what proceeds out of something. So what he's saying is everything that proceeds out of hell will be against you. All power, all demons, all darkness, everything that can come out of hell will be against you. And you better put on the whole armor of God because you aren't winning this on church attendance. You aren't winning this because you believe God sent a prophet. You aren't winning this with head knowledge. You ain't winning this with just the mechanics. You ain't winning this with just the dynamics. You got to put on the whole armor of God. The parts you like, the parts you don't like, the parts you understand, the parts you don't understand. It don't matter. If you want to win this battle, you got to go all the way. That means through justification, through sanctification, you got to go all the way to the upper room. You got to be filled with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And then don't stop there. But say, "Lord, fill me again. Fill me again. Give me more. Wrap me in your love. Wrap me in your safety. And progress daily." Hallelujah. It's the only way to win. Lord, I need a refilling tonight. I need more of your spirit tonight. I need your leadership tonight. I need victory tonight cuz I know in the morning the devil's going to be waiting on me. Hallelujah. We got to take it all. and get it down on the inside of it and allow it to change us. Allow it to fortify us. But once you do that, you can't lose. Amen. The prophet of God says, "And as the battles rage, why, you become a real target." So there's only one thing to do. Put on the whole armor of faith. Stand true to God and march forward. That's all. God's army does not retreat. It goes on. Many of them drop off to the side and start this, that, or the other. But the army of God marches forward. We're going right on and on. He says, "Oh, we have a word for us." And I want us to anchor in on this word tonight. We have a word for us all at this time. It's hold fast, persevere, don't give up, put on the whole armor of God, use every weapon he has given us, use every gift at our disposal, and look ahead with joy because we are going to be crowned by him who is king of kings and lord of lords. I say hallelujah. He said look ahead with joy. He said because you're going to be crowned by him who is king of kings and lord of lords. Amen. We have a word for us at this time. Hold fast and use every gift at our disposal. And having done all to stand, stand. Having done all to stand. Stand. When you feel defeated tonight, stand. When you feel you can't go on, stand. When you feel like you've given it your all, stand when you feel like everybody has forsaken you. Stand tonight and look forward with joy. Hallelujah. And you have this promise. The gates of hell will not prevail against you. Hallelujah. Glory to God. When you got nothing left to give, think about what that scripture says there. Having done all to stand, that means there's nothing left to do. And then it says, stand. Well, how are you going to do it if you got nothing left to give? He's always going to make up for what you lack. Listen, he don't ever ask you for anything that he don't provide. He says there's got to be a lifegiving because the law was broken. He says, "But I got this." And he gave his life. He says, "You got to have the Holy Ghost to overcome, but I got this." And he gives you the Holy Ghost. He says, "You got to stand." And you said, "But I can't." He says, "You just give me your all and I'll make up the difference when you're going to fall. I got you. I'll lead you into battle. I'll lift you up. I'll take you in my arms. I got this. Hallelujah. When you got nothing left to give. You have to forgive me when I get to some of my history stories cuz I tell them so many times. I probably told them here. But it makes me think about some of my I started to say countrymen. That ain't right. Some folks from my state, the Louisiana Tigers when they was fighting there at the second battle of Manasses. They ran out of ammunition. And they're groping frantically for ammunition among the dead and among the wounded and they're barely the Yankees kept coming up there. They're they're defending this railroad cut unfinished. You know, it's built up with rocks and boulders and the Yankees coming up and they they completely run out of ammunition. They they say the the Yankees got so close to the top that the flags of the two units were touching together at the top of the hill. It was in dire situation. They had given all they had to give. They didn't have no more bullets. And finally their commander and officer looks around and he screams out, "Make use of the rocks. Make use of the rocks." And they said, "Such a flying of rocks was never seen before and never seen since." And they start picking up rocks. He says, "By my stripes, you are healed. By my stripes, I am healed. They will be there and their offspring with them. I'm the Lord God that health thee. I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you. When you got nothing left, make use of the rocks around you. Pick something up and go to throwing at the devil. Stand and then stand and then stand some more. Make use of the rocks tonight. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. He says, "Fear not. I'm with thee. Be not dismayed. I am thy God. I will strengthen thee. I will help thee. I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness. You fight with whatever you can grab a hold of. Tonight, I promise you, difference between us and them boys is we won't never run out of ammunition. We ain't never running out. It's an eternal supply. It was good 2,000 years ago, it's good tonight. It was good 50 years ago, it's good tonight. It's an automatic that just keeps firing. Just get it trained on your enemy one time. Just hold the trigger down one time. You just hold it down till there's nothing left of that enemy. Don't back off. Don't lay your weapon down. Get it trained on him tonight. And hold on to that trigger. Hallelujah. [Applause] Halfway fighting ain't going to bring a victory. You got to be determined. I'm not giving up. I'm not backing down. I will remain. Hallelujah. Goodness. Here we go. I can't get out of the old stuff. Back at the start of the Texas Revolution and them boys done took over the Alamo, Colonel Travis there realizing that defeat was almost certain. Y'all know the story. We learned it as kids. He took his saber and he drew a line in the sand. See, the thing is, he'd already made up his mind. I don't care if you come over. I don't care if you leave. Go ahead. He was giving him the opportunity. Go ahead. But I'm going to remain. I'm going to stand here and fight. I'm going to stand here and die like a soldier if I have to. It don't matter if daddy leaves. It don't matter if mama leaves. It don't matter what uncle does. It don't matter what that church says or that church says. I drawing a line in the sand tonight. I say, who's on the Lord's side? Who's willing to remain? Who's willing to fight? But it's darkness all around us. We're surrounded on every side. I'm staying right here. I'm not backing off. I'm not giving you an itch. Come and take it. Come and take it. If you think you can, but I'm standing on the word. Hallelujah. Glory. I'm not going to back off one promise tonight. Hallelujah. I'm not giving one inch to the devil. Travis would write a letter late February 1836 just days before the final stand at the Alamo. I read this letter to help me catch my breath. I ain't done much cardio since last year, so I'm in the same spot I was last time. He says, "Fellow citizens and compatriots," he addressed it to the people of Texas and all Americans. Fellow citizens and compatriots, I am besieged by a thousand or more of the Mexicans under Santana. I have sustained a continual bombardment and canonade for 24 hours and have not lost a man. The enemy has demanded a surrender at discretion. Otherwise, the garrison are to be put to the sword. How many of y'all have heard it? Just lay down your weapon. Back off a little. I'll leave you alone. I'll let your family live. I I'll let that marriage stay together. I'll fix that relationship there with your kids. Just back off some stuff. Just be willing to back off. Otherwise, I'm taking all of you. Otherwise, you're all gonna die. I love Travis's response. I'm not even a big fan of Texas, and I love Travis's response. He says, "I have answered the demand with a cannon shot." And our flag still waves proudly from the walls. I shall never surrender or retreat. I like to tell the devil tonight, I shall never surrender or retreat. I shall never surrender or retreat. I shall never surrender or retreat. It's time we start answering his demands with a cannon shot. Boom. I'm not backing off. If you want this, you're going to have to come and take it. I will not give up. I won't back down because I know how it ends. I know how it ends. My reinforcements ain't coming. My reinforcements are here. They're in the building tonight. The God of angel armies is here to fight your battles. Hallelujah. He says, "I call on you in the name of liberty, of patriotism, and everything dear to the American character. Come to our aid with all dispatch. The enemy is receiving reinforcements daily. Will no doubt increase to three or 4 thousand in four or five days. If this call is neglected, I am determined to sustain myself as long as possible and die like a soldier who never forgets what is due to his own honor and that of his country. Victory or death. Victory or death. This my favorite part of the whole letter. He signs it William Travis and then he says, "PS, the Lord is on our side." Hallelujah. Oh, it's dark, brother Aaron. Leodysia sickness. My family's falling apart. I don't know if I can go on. PS, the Lord is on your side. Oh, glory to God. It's the darkest age. Demons everywhere. 200 million demons. P.S. The Lord is on your side. Oh, there's lies being told. My name's being scandalized. PS, the Lord is on your side. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Travis wrote to all Americans in the world and his words echoed the feelings of many patriots down through the years. I'll never retreat. I'll never surrender. And it so stirred men till they rallied around a cause for victory. Think about it. They rallied for land. They rallied for Texas. I ain't worried about Texas. I'm calling you tonight to rally on this message, to stand on this message and fight for eternity. We will make our stand here or die. We won't back off. The word is true. The message is true. The prophet is vindicated. I'm called to overcome. I'm going in a rapture. And I rally the troops on this tonight that we aren't going to back off. This is the word. This is the truth. And it will change your bodies. Hallelujah. Oh, glory. Take your stand on this message. No matter what the cost your attitude be tonight, I'll fight for my children. I'll fight for my family. I'll fight for my marriage. Hallelujah. I'll fight for the faith as it was once delivered to the saints. Hallelujah. I'll have the dynamics to go with the mechanics. I won't stop short of total victory. I say it's time for a line in the sand moment where we make a decision. There's no more going back. I've made my decision. Hallelujah. You can turn people against me. You can false accuse me. You can surround me. You can attack me. But I won't back off one thing this word promises. Hallelujah. And when I've done all to stand, I'm going to stand. Glory. Because there's a promise given. 1 Thessalonians 4:17. We've already read it. Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. Brother Bram says, "You're always pointing to how wicked the the world's getting, but you fail to see how powerful the church is getting at the same time. She's rising up, standing on her feet. Oh, she's a little flock, but brother, God's with her." P.S. Lord's on our side. He says that she's going to triumph just as certain as Christ rose from the dead. Amen. God's church shall never fail. The gates of hell shall not prevail against it, should they be against it, but they cannot prevail. The church is going to triumph through the blood of Jesus Christ to the victory march. I'm positive of this one thing that God will have a church without spot, wrinkle, or blemished. But you must be determined that I'm going to remain. I'm going to be alive and remain. Somebody's going to be doing more than just breathing. It don't mean alive. There's going to be plenty of people breathing. What's it mean alive? They're going to be quickened by the power of the Holy Ghost. They're going to be alive under the power of the Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. They're going to be quickened with the power. Somebody's going to be remaining true to the word, remaining faithful to the promise. To remain can mean many things. It can be unused. That's not what it means here to those that are alive and unused. It's not what it's talking about. Left over or stay behind. Y'all remain here. Nope, that ain't me. I I don't want to stay behind. But we're looking at remain here in this meaning. Those who endure, those who go on, those who carry on, those who persist, those who stand, those who prevail, we will be alive and prevailing. He's not coming to rapture us because we're getting defeated. He has to come snatch us away. He's coming to rapture us because we've conquered every single devil underneath our feet. And he says, "It's time. I've proven my point. My wife has stood in Satan's Eden and she's conquered every devil and the gates of hell have been against her and they did not prevail. Now I can take her home." Hallelujah. It's not to rescue us. We're winning. We're prevailing. Hallelujah. This battle versus Satan is not a new battle. It's not even a battle that began on earth. It began in heaven. It was a battle of wills. God's will and Satan's will. Battle of plans, God's plan, Satan's plan. And the greatest battle ever fought, Brother Brown says, "This great first battle that was ever fought began in heaven when Michael and his angels fought against Lucifer and his angels. It first started, the first battle was in heaven. So sin did not originate on earth. It originated in heaven. And then it was thrown down from heaven, cast out of heaven to the earth, and it fell on human beings. Then the battle from angels become human battles. And Satan come to destroy God's creation. what God had created to be for himself, Satan come to destroy it. That's what his purpose was, was to destroy it. Then the battle began here on earth and began in us and it's been raging ever since. So, Satan's thrown down out of heaven and immediately he turns his tack onto God's children and he begins to think, how do I stop the plan of God? How do I destroy his sons and daughters? and and he goes to work in the Garden of Eden. And just to sum it up and move quickly, he finds a way back in, so to speak. He finds a way to get back to a position of authority. And it seems as though he's been successful because man falls and and Satan once again has a place to operate from. And he becomes the prince of the power of the air. And man forfeits his God-given rights. And and sickness and death and dying now reigns over all the earth. But we learn very on in this story that we serve a very determined God. And he was determined that his plan would not fail. He was determined that you would not fail. See, we serve a God that's not going to give up on you. People may give up on you. Preachers may give up on you. Family may give up on you. God will never give up on you. Amen. No matter the stain of sin upon your life, no. No matter how far you feel like you've gone, no matter what the devil is whispering in your ear, even tonight, know this. God has not given up on you. God has not given up on you. There's grace for you here tonight. There's mercy for you here tonight. There's deliverance for you here tonight. Listen, that fear and that depression that's been hounding your life, that is not forever. That besetting sin is not forever. That family cycle is not forever. There is a power in the building tonight if you will allow it to deal with your life. That'll break every sin, break every family cycle. It'll replace that joy and that depression with joy and that sadness with gladness. It is here tonight and it's for you. No matter what condition you're in, because God does not give up on his children. Hallelujah. It's time you begin to turn away from the lie of the enemy. That's right. It's time you cast down the doubts that he's been feeding you and and anchor tonight in the work of Calvary. The eternal word of God. Listen, brother Brown says, "If a man once anchors his heart against the heart of Calvary, all devils in hell will never shake him no more. He's there." I'd like to say that again. All devils. What I'm hearing in that quote, brother Andrew, is that he ain't got enough. Because if he sent everything he's got and he can't shake you. If he sent everything he's got and you're still standing. If he has unleashed the gates of hell and yet on a Saturday night here in Elton to Virginia, you're standing on your feet praising the King of Kings and living a Christian life. He don't have enough to stop you. He sent everything. There's nobody else to send. He don't got enough to stop you tonight. All you got to do is keep taking steps and don't lay your weapon down. The only thing he's got is to talk you into quitting because he can't stop you. Hallelujah. Oh, but brother Heron, you don't understand. All these devils coming against me and I just got saved. I just gave my heart to the I'm new to the message. David was in the army five minutes and he killed Goliath. It don't matter how long, how new, how you just came in or what struggle you've been having. All you got to know is that I got a God that goes before me. He said, "I'll never leave you. I'll never forsake you. You may come to me in the name of these gods of the world. You may think you're going to sink me with Leodysa, but I'll come and I serve the the God. Hallelujah. I serve the God of eternity, the God that created the universe, the God that blew dust and created my bodies. He goes before me to fight. Oh, I've only been here a day. But there is an eternal quality on the inside of you. Hallelujah. Oh, you were with him when he won at Calvary. You were with him when he went to the grave. You were with him when he went down to hell. Most importantly, you were in him when he resurrected and rose back to heaven. Hallelujah. and overcame death, hell, and the grave. Leodya cannot stop you. You've already won. Hallelujah. Woo. It doesn't matter if you're a Christian that's failed time after time after time. That's right. You just describe Shamgar and we look at him as a hero. Well, I hadn't done right by my family. I hadn't led him the way I should have. I hadn't done this. I hadn't prayed enough. The devil constantly robs me. Okay, Shamgar. That's him. Year after year after year after year after year, he came to the meetings. He got a touch. He sat there on Sundays and got a touch. He got prayed for by the pastor and got a touch and got robbed and got robbed and got robbed. That's me, brother Aaron. I get robbed. I get robbed. I get robbed. Well, today is a different day. Today is a day of recognition. Today you recognize I am a son of the living God. Today is the day it stops. Today I draw a line in the sand. Today I don't go back anymore. Today I meet my enemy face to face. Today my besetting sin gets his head chopped off. Today is the day I stand and fight. I'm not giving in no more. I will remain on the promises of God. Hallelujah. You are not forsaken. You will not fall. You got to recognize I am a child of God. Boy, the devil loves to beat us up over our mistakes. Listen, Adam and Eve had just sold the whole world into sin and death. Whatever you've done, you didn't do that. You're not there. And in that moment, God came down and wiped them off the face of the earth and said, "I give up on you." Now, in that moment, Brother Brandham says, "I see the letters L O V E come down in a funnel. You know, I'm sure it surprised the devil. He's waiting for a thunderbolt. And here comes love. He's thinking, "It's all over. I've conquered. It's done." But see, it's something he can never understand. Those was his kids. Kind of like, I mean, I get it sometimes, right? You may Yeah. You may look at my kids. I may look at your kids. If that was my I'll tell you what devil's sitting over there going if this is my kids. I tell you what I do. Lightning. God comes down and goes something's got to die. Something's got to die. Satan's going That's right. Something's got to die. He kills a lamb. Wait, what's going on here? I thought they were going to die. No, he says, "No, I'm going to put enmity between your seed and their seed." And in that moment, he promises a redeemer. And Satan don't even realize what's going on. All he knows is they ain't dying. And it's really bothering him. Listen, how many times does Satan say, "Yep, they're going to die." mind. God said, "No, you don't understand. That is bone of my bone. That is flesh of my flesh. That is my offspring. That's a seed gene of God in there. I'm not giving up. I'm not killing them. I'm doing the opposite. I'm giving them eternal life." Oh, but you fall and you fall and you fall and you fall. What do I get? Eternal life, forgiveness, grace, and mercy tonight. Hallelujah. You have not gone too far. You have not sinned away your day of grace. Rise above that line. Recognize I'm an overcomer. How? Why? Because there's a deposit on the inside of you that can't help but make it back to eternity. Hallelujah. He is not giving up on you. He said God made a preparation for you. I can see him going up the hill packing that cross. his little weak body staggering as he went up the hill. The first thing you know it was whirling around him. Death was biting at him hard. He's moving on with a cross on his back, moving towards Calvary yonder. What? Because he had to. Because love drove him to it. He was determined his plan wasn't going to fail. He was determined you wouldn't fail. Why? Cuz he loves you. He loves you so much. Satan loves to come and lie and put lies and fears on people. One of the things he loves to do is tell them that you've gone too far. He'll tell you you've crossed the line, that there's no hope for you in God. I always look at it like this, man. If Legion hadn't gone too far, you're right. I'm not saying stay in that condition. You ain't all right. That's right. I'm saying that there's hope for you. But you don't understand, brother Aaron, the sins that I've committed in my life. If Mary Magdalene hadn't gone too far, you hadn't gone too far. If Rahab not only had not gone too far, but she ended up even being in the lineage of of Christ coming through her. You don't think you can be part of the bride? All you got to do is get that scarlet cord hung out your life. I accept the token, Lord. I'mma live under this token. I'm going to let this change my life. I'm no longer going to try to do it on my own cuz I can't do it on my own, brother. And I'm not good enough. Get in line. You'll never be good enough. I'm not good enough. Nobody's good enough. But your lamb has been accepted. Your lamb was good enough. It was more than good enough. It was perfect. And I see you. I see you through the blood of the lamb. Hallelujah. Don't accept that lie. Don't accept it for your children. You hold on when they can't. You believe for them when they can't. Brother says, "Satan can't keep the revelation down when the spirit wants to give it." Listen, darkness upon darkness upon darkness can't keep the light of God's word from shining when the time is right. All devils in hell can't keep that light from hitting that predestinated seed. It may seem impossible, but how about we stop for a minute and remember where we were when it hit us? How long did it take to find you? Where were you living when it found you? I'll speak from myself. There is no place too low. There is no sin too great. There is no life too torn down and marred by sin that the hand of Almighty God cannot reach down and pick you up and change your life in a moment. How frustrating it must be for the devil to pour decade after decade after decade after decade into a life and go, "This one's mine." And in one moment's time, the Lord Jesus says, "No, sir. He's mine. One moment in his presence changes everything. Hallelujah. You don't got to weep and cry and beg like some Catholic for 30 years. Just give it to him and be done with it. Hallelujah. It's a gift that he's given you. I got to move quicker. I'm sorry. We serve a determined God. He wants a determined people. People with grit, people with backbone and determination. Oh, come on. You know the devil's probing at you constantly, trying to get you to give up, trying to get you to quit, attacking in every way. And his storms are blowing. And he sends all kind of winds, every type of unbelief and every kind of doctrine to to try to shake you and move you off the promises. Brother Brandham calls them giants. He says, "I don't care how much reasoning's in it. If it's against God's word, it's against it's against God's word. If it's against God's word, it's against God's word. That's good. I can even understand that. If an intellectual giant says, "We don't need no Holy Ghost. We don't need divine healing. I don't care how much reasonable it looks. It's contrary to the word. God gave the promise." They say that was just for the apostles. And I love this last sentence. I wonder where they get that. You didn't find in the Bible. You didn't find it in the message, so it came out of your own mind. They're winds of the devil. Winds that question the supernatural. They question the Holy Ghost. They question divine healing. They question deliverance. They question miracles. God don't do those things no more. Just where do they get that? Jude 1:33, "Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you and exhort you that you should earnestly contend for the faith which was once delivered to the saints." In other words, they were already changing it. They're already formalizing it. They're already calling people holy rollers because they were acting like they did in the upper room just 30 years before. They're already saying, "Well, that was just for this group and that group and and Jude saying, "You got to fight for it. People's going to come and tell you. They're going to have good arguments. They're going to try to talk you out of it. But you got to be willing to say, "No, I'll remain right here. I'll be alive and I'll remain right here. This is how it was delivered. This is how I'm going to live it. This is how it was delivered. This is how I'm going to preach it." I'm going to go ahead and tell you right now, too many preachers think they're chefs. And the truth of the matter is preachers are waiters. The chef cooked it up. It's just my job to bring it to you exactly the way the chef prepared it. Quit putting your own seasoning in it. quit changing the the the ingredients in it. And the recipe the recipe works. The recipe works. Just deliver the food the way he wants it delivered to his people. [Applause] No sir, it's cooked just right. Oldfashioned gospel may be looked down on, criticized by others. Our worship may be mocked by others. Gifts may be cast out by others. They want to throw out the word Pentecostal like it's a bad word. I wear it as a badge of honor. I wear it as a badge of honor. That's who I am. That's what I was turned back to. I'm sorry. I caught the revelation of what the message was supposed to do. Don't be mad at me. I'm going where it led me. I'm going back to the original. [Applause] We've embraced the fullness of the word. That's right. That's why I shout. That's why I dance. That's why I rejoice. That's why I'm happy. Cuz I can dance like David when the word come back. But it's winds. But the message came in this day and it took us back to the original. It took us back to Pentecost. That's right. The original book of Acts. That's right. Took us back to the gospel that Paul preached. Not to a partial word and but but to a full word. And in that word there is correct doctrine. In that word is deliverance. In that word is healing. In that word is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Yeah. But what it is is the winds are trying to rob that word of the power of it. And they don't want the supernatural operating. But somebody has to remain. We shall remain true on the word. Amen. Somebody's got to contend for the faith how it was once delivered. Listen, I'll tell you right now, I don't want carnal. I don't want work up. I don't want Isuza. Right. I don't think anybody does, but the word said that we could have these things in our church. And I'm not willing to throw away the move of God and the supernatural because of some scarecrow. That's right. I'm not going to do Did you know that there was this one person who was carnal? Okay. There was like 99 of them that was completely baptized in the spirit and getting deliverance and dancing and praising God and worshiping God. And you want to throw it all out cuz one person was in the flesh. So, did they enjoy themselves? Cuz I think we're allowed to do that in church. I think it's funny to me. Now, now look, once again, please understand that I'm in no way uh promoting getting in the flesh and just acting crazy. Understand that. But I think it's funny how it's okay if we get in the flesh everywhere else. everywhere else. But we don't want it to happen in church. You do it in church. He got in the flesh. I came here in the flesh. I drove here that way. I live that way. Oh, brother. That's not Don't Don't even act like you don't Where are you living? I'll move on. I just know this. We're going to see miracles. We're going to see giants fall. We're going to have the supernatural operating in our midst. We're going to see prodals come back. We're going to see people bound delivered. We're going to see the sick healed. And when we do, we're going to rejoice in it. We're going to shout in it. We're going to dance in it. And if you got a problem with it, that's okay. God bless you. But that's what we're going to do. And I'm going to do it before I see it. I'm going to praise him because I know it's coming. I'm going to do it because I know in this battle there's going to be a victory. And many times your victory is on the other side of your praise. Praise him because he deserves it. Praise him because he's God. Praise him because he is our Lord and Savior. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham says we need the day of old fashioned. God sent St. Paul revival and the Bible Holy Ghost that a lot of this old chicker chocker I don't know what that is but I'm almost positive it's a negative all this old chicker chocker that don't sound good halfway formal religion broke up and Jesus Christ preaching the power of his resurrection where signs and wonders and miracles can take place again in the church before the end time. It's my favorite part of the quote. We are going to have it. And then he says, "Get that. We are going to have it. Get that. All devils out of hell can't stop it. For God said it would be here. It's going to be here." Let me ask you a question. How can you back off the supernatural when you're following the most supernatural message that ever hit the face of the earth? It's a strong wind blowing. But I'd like to declare tonight, it's going to take a stronger wind than this. cuz I ain't backing up. I'm going to remain right here on the promises he said I could have. I'm going to see the gifts in operation. I'm going to see the word. I'm going to see discernment. I'm going to see lives changed because he said we could. Prophet of God says, "Oh, we have a word." I've already read this, but I'm reading it again. It's hold fast, persevere, don't give up, put on the whole armor of God, use every weapon he's given us, use every gift at our disposal, and look ahead with joy. We remain and I'm just going to try to close this down. So hold on with me for just a minute. We remain. Of course it's hard. Of course the devil tells you to quit. But you can't. Man has hurt you. Satan has hurt you. Family has hurt you. But you're still here. You are called to be standing and living right now. This is your time. This is your hour. It's going to take a stronger wind. There ain't no wind that can do it because it's a seed gene of God that's down on the inside of you. And we've seen it with the elect down through the ages that they had something within them that cause them to stand against all the odds in their day. Time after time, when everyone quits, when it's the darkest of moments, there's always somebody that says, "I will remain." Because God's purpose will be fulfilled every single time. That seed gene of God that he put down on you is driven to manifestation. It's driven when you want to quit. When you don't know why you're still here. Come on. Why am I still going to that church? I know it's not here. That's other places though. It's just because you're driven. Amen. When you don't want to be here, you're here because you're driven. It's driven to overcome. It's being drawn back to eternity. I'd like to tell you all that stuff Satan's been telling you, all the plans he has for you, they don't matter. Satan's plans do not matter. The lies he tells you does not matter. He says you're going to give in. He says that you're going to take your own life. He says you aren't going to make it in. But listen, he doesn't get a vote. This is not a democracy. This is a monarchy. And the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords says, "He's making it. He's making it. She's making it. They're coming. They're coming back." Devil says, "No, they're not. No, they're not." He says, "Shut up. This is my kingdom. They're going to make it. They're my children. And the only thing that matters is what he says about you. You're going to stand true. You're going to overcome. You're going to be victorious because the Lord has declared it. The Lord has thoughts of you. They're going to remain. They're going to stand. From the very day of Pentecost, Satan began his attacks by trying to destroy the church of God. And I'm going as fast as I can here. False doctrines began to be preached. Trinity doctrines and false baptisms. And the church got formalized. And yet, the true seed would remain. The false vine would try to defile it, but the saints stood the test and they kept the word. We could go down through each age here and show how Satan would attack. And yet, there was always someone that God could put his hand on. There was always someone. Those that have gone before us, they've stood the test. They fought the battle and they have a great reward. There's a quote here where brother says, "What difference does it make if I'm living here or if I'm buried out yonder?" Amen. For I am already paid the penalty of death. I'll be there before any man that's living. That's right. It says in second Thessalonians 5th chapter, I say this to you in the commandments of the Lord. We which are alive and remain. The coming of the Lord shall not hinder or prevent those that are asleep. For the trumpet of God shall sound, and the dead of Christ shall rise first. So what difference does it make if I died in the time of Noah? If I died in the time of Abraham, if I died in the time of the apostles, if I died two weeks ago or right now, he says, I'll be there in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. But that's talking about them. Now it's our turn. And I know we've reached the height of Satan's kingdom. And I know that the odds don't look good when you look around you. 200 million. I always get that number mixed up. There's a lot of demons released from the river Euphrates. But it doesn't really matter how evil it is. He said, "I will have a church without spider wrinkle." He said there would be someone who would be alive and remain. The odds don't matter. The odds don't matter. He spoke it. He said it. Because against all odds, you stand here today. Against all odds, think about your life. Think about the Lord protecting your seed, Jean, down through. Against all odds, you stand here today. You've seen others come and go. You've been attacked on every side. You've had trials and tribulations. And yet, you remain. You're still here, still standing, and you're just as determined today as you've ever been. Satan tells you you're not going to make it. He tells you that you're going to quit. Listen, he's been telling some of y'all you was going to quit for 30 years. Here you are. When are we just going to quit listening and turn our attention back to the one who's never told us a lie, who's never let us down, who's healed us, who's delivered us, who's fought for us, who's seen us through every situation and begin to remain true to that. One of the lies that he loves to tell people is that you're not a very strong Christian and you don't have very strong faith. Then can you explain to me how in the darkest of all ages, in the midst of Satan's Eden, in the hardest age to stand that there's ever been, you're still standing. So, let's have a little honest moment tonight. You are an incredible Christian. You have strong faith. You are an overcomer. You are the cream of the crop. God sent his very best down to Satan's Eden. Not only are you a good Christian, you are the best of the best of the best of the best. How can it be? I don't know. I know he put you here for a reason. I know he put you here to manifest the life of Christ in the darkest of age. And he said, "They can do it. They can do it cuz they're called for it. They're chosen for it. They're the best that I've got. They'll remain when all else falls away. They'll stand when everybody else falls. They are my best unit. I'm putting you in Leoa. That's the truth of the matter. You are a good Christian. You do have strong faith. Hallelujah. You will remain. Why? You're predestinated to it. Hallelujah. You've been anointed to remain. He says, 'Now, here we are in this little handful of people, but the resurrected Jesus Christ, who represents Christianity, is here tonight to prove that our thoughts, all of you Christians, you're on the right side. Absolutely. You can't fail. Let that sink in. You can't fail. When death is no more, you're gonna remain. When hell is no more, you will remain. When sickness is no more, you will remain. When Satan is cast into the lake of fire, you will remain. It's your hour. It's your time. We who are alive and remain. Musicians, will you come? having done all to stand. Stand, therefore, you're called for this time. You're chosen for this time. That besetting sin does not define you. That family cycle does not define you. The failures of your past do not define you. The thoughts you've had in this service do not define you. The word of God defines you. The word of God says, "You are mine. I knew you before you were formed in your mother's womb. I have called you by name. You are mine. And because you belong to him, you cannot fail. When everybody else has fallen, you will remain. Hallelujah. Satan don't have enough to stop you. Hallelujah. Politics are filthy. The world's falling apart. But it is well with my soul. It is well with my soul. Hallelujah. Day of Satan. He's going on his final ride and he's saying, "I can't be stopped. I can't be stopped. I'm taking everybody with me. I'm going about like a roaring line." He says, "Give up your birthight. Give up your promises." I'm drawing a line in the sand tonight. I'm drawing a line in the sand and I'm asking you, who will remain with me? who will remain with me in the final days of the darkest age and say, "I ain't backing up one inch. I ain't giving up one promise. He's still my healer. I've been sick 15 years and he's my healer. He's still bringing my son back. He's been out 20 years, but he's still coming back. I still got the Holy Ghost despite what the devil said. I'm going to stand for the promises. I'm going to stand for the moving of the spirit. I'm drawing a line in the sand and I'm crossing over and I'm not going back tonight." We shall remain. Hallelujah. We shall remain. [Applause] Oh my. Before I give him the microphone, I'm going to tell a little story. You've heard it. Francis Scott Key, Battle of Fort Mckenry. He was a 35-year-old American lawyer. He boarded a flagship of the British fleet on the Chesapeake Bay in hopes of persuading the British to release a friend of his who had been arrested. And actually his tactics worked. They released his friend, but that because they had knowledge of the impending attack, they let them go back to their own ship, but they had to stay there under guard until the battle was over. They wouldn't let him leave. And so he's standing there on his ship that night, and you know, he pinned some very famous words. as we call it, the Star Spangled Banner. And he would write, "On September 13th, as the barrage of Fort Henry began 8 miles away, it seemed as though Mother Earth had opened up and was vomiting shot and shell in a sheet of fire and brimstone," Key wrote. But when darkness arrived, Key saw only red erupting in the night sky. Given the scale of the attack, he was certain the British would win. The hours passed slowly but in the clearing smoke of dawn's early light. But I read that and I got to thinking about the saints down through the ages. And it's just my imagination. Just allow me to run with it for a minute. And all the saints from past ages gathered on they're there in the grand stands looking over the banister looking down at earth. [Music] And every once in a while, Brother Brandon would describe it as like a when light came forth like a Roman candle. And every once in a while, they'd see and they go, "Oh, there's light. Oh, there's still people standing. Do y'all see that? They were there. They were there." And it get dark for a while. Look. Look. Do you see that? They're still standing. There was light. There was light. Luther's age. Oh, they're coming out. They're coming out. Martin Wesley Luther and then in Leoa. Biggest flash yet. Did you see that? Oh, it lit up everything. Everything was illuminated. We got to be close now. We got to be close now. But then darkness and darkness and we're some 47 years past 1977. And I caught the hour of darkness past where even a prophet could see beyond. It was so dark. Darkness. And they're looking. They're looking. Did they hold on? Did they make it? Is there anybody still there? But on that bright and cloudless morning in dawn's early light, when the sun comes up, I come here. Come look. There's a people still standing. They remained. They held on. They didn't surrender. They stood the test in the darkest of time. They stood true. We didn't give up. We didn't back up. But we remain today on the word of God. We remain on the promises. And we have won the victory in Jesus' name. Stand and remain tonight. Hallelujah. [Music] I told you it's time that you quit. But my car says wait. It ain't over yet. And I don't know who told you that you would not make it. And I won't told you that you could not take it. And I don't know who told you. It's time that you quit. for my God's way. It ain't [Music] no needs an answer to the question, the fears and the wise. Somebody here is desperate for [Music] freom from the past, the chains and the [Music] lies. Feel like you wasted so much time. [Music] You want to move ahead. You're still lasting life. Feel like you're running will [Music] never told you that you would not make it. And I don't know who told you that you could not take it. And I don't know who told you it's time that [Music] he got his way. It ain't hallelujah. And I don't know who told you that you would not make it. And I told you that you could not take it. And I don't told you it's time that you qu my God says way he [Music] [Applause] had it ain't over till God says it's over. And I say that this thing it ain't over yet. It ain't over till I say it's over. And I say that this thing it ain't over yet. Oh, I don't know who told you that you would not make it. And I don't know who told you that you would not take it. And I know told you it's time that you quit. But my God says wait. It ain't over yet. It ain't over till God says it's over. And I say that this thing. It ain't over yet. God says it's over. And I say that this thing it ain't over yet. And I don't know. It's time that Oh, I don't know. I don't know. Told you you could not take and I don't know who told you it's time that you But my God, my God says wait. It ain't over yet. Somebody here needs an answer. the fears and the lies. Somebody here is desperate for [Music] freom. Hallelujah. It feels like you wasted. Feel like you wasted. Come on, move ahead. [Music] Have you heard God speaking to you tonight? feel like your body will [Music] never and you will never win. And I don't know who told you that you would not make it. And I don't know who told you that you could not take it. And I don't know who told you it's time that you quit, but my God says wait. I don't know who told you, but the message didn't tell you that. I don't know who told you that, but God didn't tell you that. But God says, you just wait a minute. Just wait a minute. You are going to be a part of them that are alive and shall remain. I'm still standing. That's what God told me. I'm going to win. That's what God told me. I'm bloodwashed. That's what God told me. I'm bloodbought. That's what God told me. I'm an overcomer. That's what God told me. I'm going to make it. I'm going to run the last mile of KF. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We've been made more than [Music] conquerors. Oh comers in this life. Oh, we've been made victorious. Oh, through the blood of Jesus Christ. We've been made. Oh, we've been made more than conquerors. [Music] overcomers in this life. We've been made more. Oh, thank you, Lord Jesus. Through the blood through the blood of Jesus Christ. [Music] Lord, I want to love you [Music] more than I ever have before. Come on, young people, help me out. You're so easy to adore. Oh Lord, I want to love you more. Let's sing it to him. Lord, I want to Oh Lord, I want to love you [Music] more than I ever have before. There you go. Oh, you're so easy to adore. Oh Lord, I want to love you more. Oh Lord, I want to love you [Music] more than I ever have [Music] before. You're so easy to adore. Oh Lord, I want to love you more. Oh Lord, I want to love you more than I ever have before. [Music] You're so easy to adore. Oh Lord, I want to love you more. And you are awesome in this place, mighty God. And you are awesome in this place of a father. You are worthy of our praise. To you are life's praise. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. And you are awesome in this place, mighty God. And you are awesome in this place of a father. You are worthy of our praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. And you are awesome in this place, mighty God. You are awesome in this place. Am father, you are worthy of our praise. To you our lives we raise. You are awesome in this place, mighty God. And I keep falling in love again. Over and over and over and over again. I keep falling in love with him. Over and over and over and over again. Oh, it gets sweeter and sweeter as the days go by. Oh, what a love between the Lord and I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. And I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. I keep falling in love with him over and over. Over and over again, he gets sweeter and sweeter. The days go by. Oh, what a love between my Lord and I. I keep falling in love with him over and over and over and over again. When I first fell in love with Jesus, I gave him all my heart. I thought I could love him more than I did right at the start. But now I look back over the mountains and the valleyies where we've been. And it makes me know that I love him so much more than I did this. And I keep falling in love with him over and over, over and over again. I keep falling in love with him. Over and over, over and over again, it gets sweeter and sweeter. So days go by. Oh, what a love between the Lord and I. Over and over, over and over again. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Hallelujah. Are you thankful for the word of the Lord tonight? Amen. Go ahead and give God praise tonight if God blessed you. Amen. Hallelujah. It shall be light in the evening time. The path of glory you will surely find. It is the waterway. Oh, it's the light today. Baptize in Jesus name. Oh, young and old, repent of all your sins. Oh, the holy ghost will enter in. Oh, the evening light has come. It is a fact that God and Christ are one. It shall be light. There shall be light in the evening time. The path of glory you will surely find. Oh, is the water way. Oh, it's the life today. [Music] Biz in Jesus name. Young and old, young and old, repent of all your sins. Open the [Music] whole life has come. It is a fact that God made my heart. There's not but one. One, one. Oh, one way to God. There's not but one. One, one. Oh, one way to God. There's not but one. One, one. Oh, one way to God baptize in Jesus name. There's not but one. One. One. Oh, one way to God. There's not but one. One. One. Oh, one way to God. There's not but one. One. One. Oh, one way to God. Baptizing Jesus. There shall be light. There shall be light in the evening time. The path of glory. The path of glory you will surely find. It is the water way. It is the light today. Baptized in my Jesus name. Young repent of all your sins and my whole willing has come. It is all that God and Christ are one. There's not but one one. Oh, one way to God. There's not but one. One, one. Oh, one way to God. There's not but one. One, one, one way to God. Baptized in Jesus name. Hallelujah. Glory be to God. What are you talking about, brother Angel? Just read the book of Acts. We're just exactly like them. That's why we're still standing in the midst of this evil day is because we are a continuation of the book of Acts. My the word of the Lord was so rich tonight, wasn't it? How many's coming in the morning expecting more? Amen. God richly bless you. We'll let you be dismissed tonight as you go in the name of the Lord. God bless you. Be praying for brother Aaron that God uses him and restores his strength to him in the morning. God richly bless you. You're dismissed in the name of the Lord. Draw me. Draw me and I'll come running after you. Amen. Oh, draw [Music] me. Oh, draw me, Lord. And I'll come running after. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
