################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2022-10-28 - Josh Bennett Keeping The Victory - Bethel Youth Camp 22 - Thursday - Josh Bennett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2022-10-28
Title:   Josh Bennett: Keeping The Victory - Bethel Youth Camp 22 - Thursday
Speaker: Josh Bennett
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Youth Camp
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MVKmjkhhiko
========================================

[Music] I believe your rain is [Music] coming. Yeah. Hopes you're making dry bones. You're the light I put my trust in. [Music] Every word you say is going to come true. You will lead me to the promised land. Everything you say is going to happen even though I haven't seen it yet. I will build a boat in the sand where they say it never rains. I'll stand up in faith. I'll do anything it takes with your wind, my sails. Your love never fails or fades. I'll build the boats in the desert place. And when the flood and the water start to rise, I'll ride the storm cuz I've got you by my side with your wind and my sails. Your love fails or fades. I'll build a boat so it rain. You're my map. You're my compass. You help me navigate the currents underneath. Take the lead. I [Music] surrender. Everything you say is going to come true. You will lead me to the promised land. Everything you say is going to happen, even though I haven't seen it yet. I will build a boat in the sand where they say it never rains. I will stand up in faith. Do anything it takes with your wind and my sails. Your love never fails or fades. I'll build a boat in the desert place. And when the flood and the waters start to rise, I'll ride the storm cuz I've got you by my side with your wind and my sails. Your love never fails your face. I'll build a boat, so let it rain. [Music] Oh, I'll build a boat, so let it rain. Oh, I will build a boat in the sand where they say it rains. I will stand up in faith, do anything. it takes with your wind and my sails. Your love never fails or fades. I'll build a boat in the desert place. And when the flood and the water start to rise, I'll ride the storm cuz I've got you by my side with your wind and my sails. Your love never fails or fades. I'll build a boat in the desert place. And when the flood and the waters start to rise, I'll ride the storm cuz I've got you by my side. With your wind and my sails, your love never fails or fades. I'll build a boat, so let it rain. Oh, I'll build a boat, so let it rain. Oh. Oh. I build a boat, so let it [Music] [Applause] rain. Amen. We had one other request for Sister Gabby Leontaine to give us a special. Let's give her a hand. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. It's good to be at camp, isn't it? Amen. We sang this one at True Word not too long ago. So, if you guys know what, help us out with it. Amen. That's what I believe specials are for. Amen. Not to draw attention to yourself, but to worship. Amen. Just a part of the worship. Amen. So, join in with us as we sing this. The story I tell. Amen. [Music] The hour is dark and it's hard to see what you were doing here in the ruins and where this will lead. Oh, but I know that down through the years, I look on this moment and see your hand on it and know you were here. Now testify of the battles you've won, the waters you've parted, the ways that I've walked. And I'll testify of the seas that we've crossed. The waters you parted, the waves that I walked, singing, oh my God did nothing. Oh, it's a story I'll tell. I'll sing it all. I know it is well. Oh, that's the story of believing gets home. Lord, when our sins are for you, when I can see what you're doing, I know that you're proving you're the God who comes through. How would I know that over the years I look back on this moment and see your hand on it and know you were here and I'll testify of the battles you won. how you were my portion when there wasn't enough. Oh, and I'll testify of the seas that we've crossed, the waters you parted, the ways that I've walked. Oh, I'm singing. Oh my God did not fail. You believe that he was always there. That's the story I tell when I could see what he was doing. He was working. Oh, I know it is well. [Music] Oh, that's a story of tell [Music] and all that is Oh yes, Lord is highest praises. Highest praises. So sing hallelujah to rock of aes and all that is left his highest praises. So I sing hallelujah to the rock of aes highest [Music] praises. So sing hallelujah to the rock to the rockes. [Music] All that is all that [Applause] is highest [Applause] [Music] praises. So sing hallelujah to the rock of [Music] aes you believe that tonight he's never failed you one time. Oh. Oh. That's the story I [Music] tell. I know it is. I know it is [Music] well. That's the [Applause] [Music] story. Thank you, Lord Jesus. [Music] [Applause] Amen. How many ready for the word? Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's stand. Amen. As brother Josh Bennett comes. Amen. How many of Dan and say my chains are gone. Amen. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that saves a wretched like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. was blind, but now I see. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my savior reign on me. Like a fl his mercy reigns. Unending love. Amazing grace the Lord has promised good to me. His word my home. took you. He will my [Music] sh my chains are gone and I've been set free. [Music] My God, save your [Music] ris unending love. Amazing grace. My chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my [Music] s and like the blood his mercy reaches unending. Amazing grace. My chains are gone. I've been set free. God, my [Music] ransome mercy reigns unending love. It's amazing [Music] grace. How many's thankful for the grace of God? Amen. Amen. How many knows that you are what you are by God's grace? Amen. You know, I I think it's uh it ought to be a a reality to every every one of us when we look around in the world that we're living in and we see uh the condition and we see the condition of the people and you know, but when we look, we we must always remember this. If not for God's grace, there we be. If it wasn't for the grace of God tonight, just think of where you might be. Amen. But God rich in mercy. Amen. I'm glad that I serve a God that by nature is merciful. Amen. By nature, you know. So when you when you're asking God to show you mercy, you're not asking him to do something that's against his nature to do because by nature, he is a merciful God. Amen. And and I'm glad that that's the kind of God that we serve tonight. Could we just all bow our heads and look to the Lord in a word of prayer? If you got a special need tonight, why don't you just lift it up to him? And make it known. And how many knows that God sees every heart? He knows every every need. And and let's just lift that up before the throne of grace tonight. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're so thankful, Lord. We count it such an honor and a privilege, Lord, as we stand here tonight and we look at this this audience of of young people, Lord, and realizing, God, that it's not just another group of young people, Lord, that's not another group of teenagers. And Lord, but there this is the the purchase of the blood, Lord. We know, God, that what's standing before us tonight is a is a part of the bride of Jesus Christ. And Lord, when we realize that God, it it just puts such a a burden of responsibility upon us, Lord, that we want to be so careful, Lord, how we would approach, Lord, and how we would speak. And Lord, the things that we would say, God, because we realize, Lord, that we're speaking to a special group of people. And Lord, we just want, Lord, that you would be pleased in all things that are said and done. And we're asking, God, that you would hide us behind the cross. Lord, that you would just put in our mouth, Lord, the very words of life. And Lord, I pray, God, that the things that shouldn't be said, that you would just seal our lips, Lord. But Lord, the things that you desire to be spoken, Lord, I pray, God, that you would speak. And Lord, may it be, God, that your word would be as a flaming fire. And Lord, I pray that the hearts of your children would be as kindling tonight. And Lord, may the fire of the word of God strike the heart of every believer. And Lord, may it set our souls a flame. And Lord, may we all leave here burning, Lord, with the fire of the Holy Spirit in our hearts. Lord, I pray that you'd meet every need. Lord, every request, God, you saw every heart, every hand. Lord, you know the unspoken things. And Lord, we're just praying God that even not just in this service, but in these meetings, Lord, that you would just have your way among us. Lord, I pray God that you'd have preeminence, Lord. We're inviting you to come not to be an onlooker, Lord, or just to sit in the corner, Lord, as a recording angel, but Lord, we want you to be active in the service, Lord. Take an active part in every service, in every meeting, God. Lord, we want you to be the supreme one and we want to recognize your presence, Lord. Just have your way among us now. As we commit ourselves into your hands, we surrender our lives to you. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. If you'd take your Bibles tonight, we'll just try to get right into the word. And I want you to turn with me to the book of Matthew in the 12th chapter. And while you're turning there, I do want to thank brother Jason, brother Matt, and all the uh minister brothers and you know the local assembly and their invitation to come and be a part of this meeting. We certainly are honored to be able to stand before you and and uh also uh the other minister brothers that are here. Amen. Brother John and and which will be speaking as well and and then uh brother Andrew come and you know just uh take in a service or or two and and uh appreciate that the support and all the minister brothers. We just appreciate each one and uh we're we're we're certainly honored uh to um to be numbered among great men of God and and just you know consider ourselves to be the least uh of all but but nevertheless I I I just pray that God can use us and and uh you know I I'm a I'm the kind of preacher I don't know most of you probably know me. I know I've preached to a bunch of you but uh I'm not scared of any man. So you you don't be scared to say it and and it ain't going it ain't going to bother me a bit. So Amen. matter of fact uh you know I'd be a little bothered if you don't. So Amen. So you just find your liberty tonight. I know what you can do. And I've always said this. You ain't You don't have to beg the bride of Jesus Christ to amen the word. Just preach the word and they'll amen. You don't have to beg her to worship. Just give her a place to do it. That's how you get it. So you got an opportunity tonight. This is your service. Amen. Matthew 12 and verse 43. When the unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walketh through dry places, seeking rest, and findeth none. Then he saith, I will return into my house from whence I came. And when he is come, he findeth it empty, swept, and garnished. Then he go then goeth he and taketh with himself seven other spirits more wicked than himself. And they enter in and dwell there. And the last state of that man is worse than the first. Even so it will be also unto this wicked generation. May God just add his blessing to the reading of the word. And you can have your seats tonight. It's all right. I'm going to take this off. Just get it right out of the way. Thank you, brother. Amen. I want to speak to you this evening by the help of the Lord for the next few minutes on the strong man of the house. And if I could um maybe have a a little bit of a a point I would like to make is keeping the victory. How many like to have the victory? Amen. You know, but but the thing about it is is is is getting the victory is one thing, but keeping it see that's something else. Amen. You can get a you can get a touch from God, but but we want it to be something that goes beyond just a youth camp. I I want you to be able to leave this youth camp and take something home with you and it lasts not from just camp to camp or revival to revival, but something that's going to stay with you and you're going to keep it. And and so that's what we want to look at tonight. Now, in the message, why some people can't keep the victory. The prophet said, "Now, now the church doesn't need a polishing. It doesn't need a faceelifting. It needs a birth. It needs a conversion." And let me just start by saying this. You ain't never going to keep the victory without being born again. And Jesus come in John chapter 3 and he spoke to Nicodemus and he said, he told Nicodemus, "Except a man is born again, he shall not see the kingdom of God. He cannot enter into the kingdom of God." And then he goes on to say, "Marvel not that I've said unto you that you must be born again." And so we know by that that the that Jesus himself, brother Brown would even say it's the first doctrine that Jesus ever taught. You must be born again. And we know by that that Jesus is saying you must. He didn't say, you know, this is a good idea. This is something that if you' do it, you'd be better off. Or you know, if if you'd be born again, then it would really help you in your life. No, he said you must be born again. In other words, it is absolutely necessary. Amen. And essential. Amen. You've got to do it. You must be born again. Amen. So, just bear that in mind tonight. And the prophet of God said, he said, "That's what the church needs." Now, look as he goes on to say, he said, "The Bible said that when an unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walks in dry places. And when he comes back, he finds it different." Now, here's what's the matter. When an unclean spirit comes back to the old place, the reason that you have your ups and downs is when the unclean spirit goes out, that's just as far as you go. See, you go and you get a new heart or something. Now, what's he talking about there? He's taking it from the scripture, Ezekiel 36, and and how that Ezekiel spoke there uh and and how he laid out the new birth. Brother B would tie it with the new birth and he said that's uh even in that same message, he said it this way. He said, "That's what we need today is an experience of the new birth." And now I want you to watch the order that Ezekiel brought it in. He said, "I'll give you a new heart. I'll give you a new spirit and then I'll put my spirit in you." Now, many times there's been the terrible mistake. The people has thought sometimes that the new spirit was the Holy Spirit, but it isn't. It's a new spirit. And why? You couldn't even get along with yourself with your old spirit. Amen. How you going to get along with the Holy Spirit? Amen. But God gave you a new spirit that you could get along with his spirit. Amen. And we can see in this, brother Bam is showing. He said, watch the order of it. How Ezekiel would lay it out. And watch the order of it. He puts it in three. He said, "God will give you a new heart." Now, Brother B said, "That was the grace of God. It was God's grace to you. He gave you a new heart. He took out the stony heart and gave you a heart of flesh." Why would God do that? because he has to get give you a a new heart so that you can have a heart to receive the word. Amen. Because you got a stony heart. You you were born Amen. Let me just say it to you this way. I don't care what family was born in. I don't care if you're raised in the message. You were born in sin. Amen. You were you were shapen in iniquity. Amen. Amen. You were all born under that same curse. And Amen. And therefore, you must be born again there. That's why, Amen. Jesus would come along and say, "You have to be born again because you were born wrong the first time." Amen. And by nature, you were a sinner. Amen. And you come here with a stony heart. So the first place that God has to start is with your heart. Amen. And so we can see it's the grace of God. He gives you a new heart and then he gives you a new spirit so that you you would have a spirit that would get along with his spirit. The prophet said, he said, "But the mistake that people make is they think that the new spirit is the Holy Spirit." Amen. And that's just as far as they go. But let me just say that we don't we're not here tonight so you can get a new spirit. Amen. But we're here that you can get the Holy Spirit. Amen. Because let me just go on to say this. The the prophet taught us also that we can pick up one another's spirit and you can even get the pastor's spirit and you can get a church spirit and you can Amen. But listen friends, we're not here tonight so you can pick up one another's spirit or that you can Amen. pick up a preacher spirit. Amen. But we're here so that you can get the Holy Spirit. Hallelujah. Because only the Holy Spirit can change your life. Amen. That's just the truth. Now watch. Because Amen. The prophet would go on to say, he said, "Amen, there's three works of of grace. There's justification, sanctification, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, three works of grace. We know that's the three stages or parts of a birth. And then he would say in the message of contest, he said when an unclean spirit is gone out of a man, he walks in dry places. Returning back then, bringing seven other devils with him. And now that goes to show that if the man was clean of the devil. See, then there was something that was in him that now has gone out. A devil has gone out. Amen. Now, when the devil moved out, that gives God an opportunity to move in. Amen. So, when he goes out, let the Holy Spirit come in. Don't just leave it there. See, because if you do, you just repent of your sins and go on, then you're going to be worse off than ever. Now, I mean, you you you're hearing what the prophet is saying. He's saying you be worse off than ever. If you just come to a place of repentance, and that's as far as you go, and you don't Amen. get that place because you can come here tonight and we could cast the devil out of you. The preaching of the word can do that just by the preaching of the word. Amen. You you there can be a work of justification. There can be a work of even sanctification in your life. Amen. And you can be cleaned and a a a and the devil be cast out. But the prophet said if you don't let the Holy Spirit come in and fill that place, he said, see, you'll be worse off than you ever was. I just say this tonight. I believe that's why. Amen. Brother Bannon was against man-made altar calls. Amen. Now, let me make that clear. The prophet was not against altter calls, but he was against man-made altar costs where me just pulled and pulled on on people to come. Amen. Because listen, if if God is not dealing with a heart and I get you up here, Brother Bam would just say it plain and he just said it like he said, you will make them 10 times harder to win to Christ. You know why? Because they'll you'll come to the altar. Amen. And you'll leave, Amen, with the same desire that you came with. And you're always going to be disappointed. You might as well say, "Amen." You come to a place, amen, but you don't get, Amen, that that place, Amen, in you that's cleaned out is not filled with the spirit of God and occupied by the Holy Ghost. Amen. So you just go out and only to fail. Amen. Only to Amen. make another mistake, fall right back in the very thing that you just got out of. Amen. And it just leaves you disappointed. But watch because there's got to be a a a truth of this. He said, "You'll be worse off than ever." But get that place where Satan once lived occupied. Get it filled with the Holy Spirit of God, and then you'll have the strength of God's word in you. How many of you wants to be overcomers? Amen. I I'm asking you, how many desires to be an overcomer? First John 5 and chap uh uh chapter 5 verse4. For whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world. And this is the victory that overcomemeth the world, even our faith. Who is he that overcomemeth the world? But he that believeth that Jesus is the son of God, and this is he that came by water and blood, even Jesus Christ, not by water only, but by water and blood. And it's the Spirit that beareth witness, because the Spirit is truth. For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost. And these three are one. And there are three that bear witness in earth, the Spirit, and the water, and the blood. And these three agree in one. Now watch this. says a prophet would pick up that scripture and he says there's three that bear record in heaven. The father, the word which is the son, the word is the son. The father, the word, and the holy ghost. These three are one. There are three that bear record on the earth. The water, the blood, and the spirit. They agree. Amen. In one. They're not one, but they agree in one. Watch. Because you cannot have the father without having the son. And you cannot have the son without having the Holy Ghost because they are one. In other words, can I just say it to you this way tonight? You cannot have Amen. You can't have God without having the word because he said the word is the son. Amen. That's where a lot of people today, everybody says they love Jesus, but they don't love the word. Amen. But I've got some bad news for you. You can say you love Jesus all you want to. If you don't love the word, you don't love him. Because in the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. If you love Jesus, you love his word. Can you say amen? Amen. And you cannot amen have God without having the word. Amen. Listen friends. How did this Leodysian age put Jesus out of the church? They did not put the nail scarred man. Amen. The man Jesus Christ, they did not run him out of the church. Amen. But they put him out by rejecting the word. And when they rejected the word, they rejected Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. But you, how many can see that on the negative side? To reject the word is to reject Christ. If it's that way in the negative, Amen. then to believe this. To receive the word is to receive Christ. [Applause] Hallelujah. Say, "Brother, how can I receive Christ?" Receive the word. Amen. Can I quote a prophet to you? You are becoming the word as you receive the word. Hallelujah. Amen. How many wants Jesus? Amen. How are you going to receive him? Amen. By receiving his word. Because he is the word. Are you with me so far? Amen. But let me take a little a step further. You can't have God, you can't have the word and not have the spirit. Are are are you understand what I'm saying? You cannot you can't separate it, friends. And that's the problem we have many times. We got some on this side and all they want is the spirit. Oh, they just want the spirit. They they love the move. They love the feeling. They love the all this. Amen. But they don't want the word. Amen. But then on the other side, we got it's just word only. Word only. Word only. But they don't want the spirit. But friends, let me just say this. Jesus said, "My word is spirit and life." You cannot separate the word from the spirit. Or the spirit from the word. Listen friends, we are not here to try to work up emotion. We're not here trying to work up a a sensation. Amen. That's not what it's about. Amen. But we are here to lift up the word. Hallelujah. Amen. And where the word is, there'll be the spirit. There'll be a power because a word comes with power. It comes with demonstration. It's not dead lettering. It's a power. Amen. And the and he's saying these three, these that bear record in heaven, the father, the the the the word, and the spirit, these three are one. And then you have the water, blood, and the spirit. These three agree in one. You can't have the father without having the word. Can't have the word without having the spirit. But brother Brown said, you can be justified and not be sanctified. And you can be sanctified and not have the Holy Ghost. Are are you following me? You can come through a work of grace. Amen. You can come to a place of repentance. You can you can even be uh uh you know you can the word can speak to your heart and you can walk in obedience and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. And and accept that and come to a justified state. But if you stop there, you ain't went far enough. And let me tell you, amen, you will never keep the victory. living in a justified state. You will never keep the victory. Living in a sanctified state, I just feel like preaching tonight and saying this. We are not here for partial births. We not come to see a bunch of stillborn babies. Amen. But we want real true bornag again sons and daughters of God that are quickened to life by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Hallelujah. That'll put a power in you. That'll make the word [Applause] live. Hallelujah. I tell you what it'll do. It'll bring the words off the Bible. Amen. And make it walk. Hallelujah. Not in your pastor's life. Not in the evangelist's life. Not in the deacon's life. I'm talking about in you. Hallelujah. This message is not just books and tapes. It's not just quotes that we post on our refrigerator. Amen. This message is alive. It's a living reality. The message is Christ. It's got to be Christ in you, a hope of glory which can only come through a birth. Amen. It can only come Amen. Amen. The spirit of God has to come and indwell in you as an individual. Watch what the prophet said. He said, "There's where you Nazarene people failed. You just went far. You went that far." He sum out sanctification. You went that far and you didn't go no further. I just say this. I'm afraid some didn't get that far because sanctification will clean you up. Come on, church. Amen. And and and while I'm right here, I might as well just stay there a minute and tell you Jesus will not live in a dirty house. Come on, church. Jesus will not live in a dirty house. Amen. He's not going to come and live Amen. in a in a in a house full of sin. Amen. The house must be clean. There's got to be a work of sanctification in your life. But the prophet said, "See, the Nazarines come to that place. Many people come to a place of of sanctification." He said, "But see where they made their mistake is they didn't go no further. The vessel is sanctified and on the altar ready for service but not in service. But the Bible says, "Blessed are they that hunger and thirst." Let me just stop here and ask you the qu. How many of you are hungry and thirsty? How many wants Amen. How many of you desire righteousness? Amen. How many of you want the life of Christ living through you? How many have that desire tonight? Amen. Well, I got good news. I got a promise to give you. Blessed are they that hunger and thirst after righteous. They shall be filled. Hallelujah. Amen. They shall. That word shall is not they might be. It might happen. Maybe. Amen. But you shall. If you're hungry tonight, if you're thirsty tonight, there's a promise. Hallelujah. If there's a deep calling, there's got to be a deep to respond to that call. They shall be filled. See the water, the blood, and the spirit. Jesus come to wash and cleanse and sanctify a church that he might come and live in it. He gave his own god-born blood that he might cleanse it from a from our first birth and give us, amen, a sanctified holy vessel that he himself might come. See, a little while the world seeth of me no more, yet ye shall see me because I, amen, and I, as a personal pronoun, will be with you, even in you, even to the end of the consummation. Amen. The works that I do shall you do also, and these signs shall follow them that believe. Amen. God in the church. Oh my deity. Amen. There you are. Amen. There's three that bear record in heaven. The father, the word, and the son. Amen. The father, uh, the word rather, and the holy ghost, they are one. Hallelujah. Amen. There's three that bear record in the earth. Amen. The water, the blood, and the spirit. These three agree in one. Now, watch this. And let me show you. Let me show you a principle. A principle in the word. You can see it clearly in divine healing. Because you know how many uh you know the prophet come and he taught us he taught on demonology and he taught in the physical realm and then there's demonology in the spiritual realm right amen and he would use the physical side to show you amen principles in the spiritual realm and watch this because dealing with uh brother B would talk about cancers and and how that they would attack a body and he would say how that he said the devil is not a creator. How many knows that's true? Amen. Satan only can pervert. Amen. He cannot create. See, only God can do that. But see, then brother B would talk about how do these things come and attack the body like a cancer or so forth. It would be a a cell that would be bruised. In other words, Amen. something there's an injury in the body or something takes place and and and and and then Satan because let me just say this Satan is an opportunist and if Satan's going to hit you, he's going to hit you in the weakest place. Amen. And he's going to we hit you in the weakest time. Come on, church. Amen. And that's when he's going to come and that's where he's going to hit. And brother Brown would even call that sail that sale that's been injured. He would call it a backslid sail. And then amen now life will come and attach itself and then sail upon sail it will begin to build. Is that right? He said what is it doing? He said that br cell alive comes amen of cancer and comes into that and begins to multiply cells and the cancer amen gets bigger and bigger. Amen. What's it doing? Sucking your bloodstream killing you poisoning you and finally it'll get you. He said, "Now, if a doctor can catch it early enough, see, if a doctor can catch it early enough, then he can go in and do a surgery and he can cut the thing out." And he said, "If he can cut all of it and get it all out," he said, "then you're free of it." He said, "But if one little bit of it remains, see, it'll just be it'll just begin to grow again." Amen. And and and I thought about that how that even the in medical science and doctors and so forth they can have such a great success in in in treating amen these diseases if they can catch it in an early stage. And that's why they're constantly, you know, telling people to do self-examinations, you know, uh uh don't wait till you till you're feeling the symptom. Amen. But but you need to be doing self-examinations looking for the problem before it takes root or before it grows to a place amen that it gets out of control. If it's that way in the physical realm, what about in the spiritual realm? I believe we need to constantly do self-examination. Amen. And catch the thing in early stages and then the spirit of God can come and cut the thing out. Are you with me tonight? Let me tell you something. You know how Satan attacks a church the same way he attacks a body. He'll come to somebody in the church that's got their feelings hurt. It's a bruise sale. Amen. Which becomes backslid and that's where he starts. And if you ain't careful, it'll build sail upon sale. Say, how's it do that? Because that backsliding sail will start telling the Amen. you know, go to another sale. Amen. And and what's it doing? It's drawing more strength and growing greater and greater. So you see that the tactics of Satan and now brother Brown said now a doctor if he can catch an early stage, he can cut the thing out. And God can perform a miracle. How many believes God our God is a miracle working God? God can perform a miracle. And if God performs a miracle, the tumor will completely just fall off or disappear. Amen. But but then God also Amen. There's also such a thing as divine healing. Now divine healing is a process. Now that's where the part I want to deal with and show you this principle because brother Brown said somebody will come up and get prayed for. He said, "And God, Amen, will heal them. And you know what'll happen? He'll that Amen. the spirit of God will will will curse the life that is in that tumor." Now, Brother Brown said the tumor is still there. But the life has left it. Amen. But the thing about it is and the person feels better. They feel better. But then in about 72 hours, see three days, what's going to happen? Because a life has left it. Brother Brandon said, "Now corruption is going to set in. But corruption not in the body, but in that cancer because it's dead." And he said, "When it does, it'll begin to swell and the person will feel sick." You can see it clearly. But somebody had a tumor on their eyes. They come up in the prayer line, brother. You know, they'd be prayed for. They're healed. They can see. Amen. They can see. They feel better. They can see. But then three days later, that thing begins to swell. Amen. Their eyesight begins to and and watch. Amen. The prophet of God said, "Amen. When them symptoms begin to come back and they begin to feel bad again." Amen. You know what they do? Satan is right there. He's right there to say you you didn't get your healing. You never was healed. It didn't really happen. And he said if you ain't careful, unbelief will resurrect. The life that was in that cancer. Listen friends, think about it in the spiritual realm now. Because you'll come to a a a youth camp like this or you'll come, you go in a service and you know, you have a good powerful service and spirit of God's moving on you and you come to the altar. Somebody prays over you. You're desiring deliverance. You're desiring uh uh you know, God to help you with a certain thing, whatever it might be. Amen. You come up for prayer. Amen. Somebody agrees with you in prayer. Amen. And you leave there feeling good. You leave there delivered. You leave there, amen, with a victory. But you watch about three days later. Let me tell you, I'm I'm laying something out to you, a principle. Amen. Because a devil's coming back. Amen. I just read it to you right out of the Bible. Amen. When an unclean spirit is cast out of a man, he walketh in dry places. Amen. But he's coming back because, Amen. That spirit that left you, Amen, is looking for a body to inhabit. When and and and that and when Satan comes back, this is the this is the point. If the good man, the strong man, if the good man, brother Ben, we caught the good man of the house is not there. If there's not somebody there to say, "Hey, wait a minute, buddy. You ain't coming back in this house." Amen. No, we you cast we were you were cast out of this house and you ain't coming back in this house. Amen. No, this you're not welcome here no more. You understand what I'm saying? There's got to be a a good man of the house has got to be standing there. Amen. To guard the door of the house. Hallelujah. Amen. Watch this. Because Amen. You can see it in in divine healing. You can see this principle. Amen. Uh because brother Brown says, "See, cuz faith killed it." He said, "But unbelief will resurrect it." Amen. I say this tonight. Amen. Don't let one speck of unbelief drop in your heart. [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. And when Amen. it returns back, Amen. Let the good man of the house which is faith stand there and say, "Amen. I don't care what it looks like. I don't care what I feel like." Hallelujah. If God touched your body and healed you, I don't care what the symptoms say. Say, "By his stripe, I am healed." I'm not going by what I feel. Not going by the circumstances, not going by what I see. I'm going by God's word. And his word says, "I'm healed." Hallelujah. What about if you're delivered? Amen. Let me just tell you, because you're going to walk out of here and the first little funny feeling that comes, the devil's going to be right there and he's going to say, "Oh, I told I knew you knew it was just there's nothing to that. It was just a workup. You just got a a little sensation. Somebody just got you excited. Somebody talked you into it." Amen. I tell you what you need to do is stand right up toe to toe of that devil and say, "Devil, I don't care what I look like. I don't care how I feel. I know it's real. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. God touch me. I've been delivered. Say, "But brother Josh, what am I going to do when I fall?" Get back up. Are you hearing me tonight? You're going to fall. You're going to stumble. You're going to trip. But what are you going to do? Lay there and wallow in it and let the devil put his foot on your neck? I say no. Stand back up. [Applause] Hallelujah. And tell the devil, I'm I'm saved. I'm justified. I'm sanctified. I've been filled with the Holy Ghost. Some of you sitting there thinking, "Preacher, you're trying to tell me to be a hypocrite." I ain't trying to tell you to be a hypocrite, but I am telling you this. You have a positive confession. And some of you saying, "Well, I ain't sure if I got the Holy Ghost or not." Well, I tell you what I do. I start confessing it right now. And I keep confessing [Applause] it until God makes your body. Obey your confession. Hallelujah. Confess you're an overcomer until you are an overcomer. Confess. Hallelujah. That you're delivered until you are delivered. Hallelujah. I ain't talking about a fairy tale. I'm talking about reality. Hallelujah. Let me tell you something. Amen. There's a power of God in this building tonight. Amen. There's a power of God. You don't have to leave the way you came. No, sir. You don't have to leave this camp the way you came. Amen. You can leave. Amen. If I was you, I'd make my mind up right now. Every one of you young people, I'd make my mind up right now. Amen. I am going to leave different. I am going to leave delivered. I am going to leave on fire. I'm going to leave filled. Hallelujah. I will be an overcomer. [Applause] Amen. Watch this. In Mark chapter 11. Amen. Because Jesus now he's coming and he and he and he sees a fig tree. And when Jesus sees this fig tree, he's he's hungry. A and he desired that he eat fruit of this tree, but there was no fruit on it. And Jesus cursed the tree. And and then the next day as they were passing by his his disciples were they marveled how how quickly that the tree had died and withered and and they marveled at this and and that's where Jesus told him said have faith in God. He said if you say this mountain be and believe in your heart if you Amen. This is Mark 11 I'm talking about. And the and the events preceding Mark 11:22 was Jesus coming to this fig tree and desiring to eat fruit off of there's no fruit on he cursed the tree. But but watch this because brother Brandham takes that scripture and he shows something. It's so powerful because brother Bam would show he said Jesus cursed that tree from the roots. He said an hour later he said when Jesus spoke them words nothing changed on that tree. The leaves were still on the tree. The bark was still on the tree. Nothing happened to the tree that they could see visibly. None. The leaves didn't fall off immediately. Brother said, "Lightning didn't strike the tree and burn it up. The earth didn't open up and swallow it up." He said, "God could have done all that, but he didn't." Jesus just cursed. And he said, "What did he do? He cursed the life that was in the tree and the tree started dying from the roots." Amen. But let me just say this. That tree was dead the minute Jesus spoke them words. That tree was absolutely dead as soon words come out of Jesus's mouth. And he cursed that tree. That tree was dead. Let me tell you, let me show you the the difference between God and Satan. Because Satan's trying to destroy the bride tree, but he's doing it from the outside in. And he's trying to destroy the tree by eating the fruit and eating the leaves and eating the bark. But brother Brown said he forgot that life was in the roots. Hallelujah. He shows a type in Christ. He said they that Roman bug got on the tree and he ate it down to nothing but a stump. But there was life in the roots and God said, "I will restore." Hallelujah. Let me encourage you with this tonight. Amen. Amen. Satan might been gnawing on your fruit, gnawing on your leaves, gnawing on your bark, and he might have you eat down to next to nothing. But if you belong to Jesus Christ, if there is a seed of life in you tonight, then there is a hope of [Applause] restoration. All you need is to get in the right atmosphere. Hallelujah. And watch the light begin to grow up in that tree. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. But watch this. Amen. Jesus, his tactics was completely opposite of Satan's. When he got ready to destroy the tree, he didn't do it from the outside in. He did it from the inside out. And when Jesus gets ready to change your life, he don't do it from the outside in. He does it from the inside out. Glory to God. Hallelujah. That's why we're not here tonight to try to reform a group of young people. We're here to get you to Christ and let a work of restoration come in your life. Quicking power, transforming power, not from the outside in, from the inside out. Glory to God. You ought to leave this camp singing. It's Jesus on the inside. He's working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. It's the Holy Ghost on the [Applause] inside. Hallelujah. Friends, I'm telling you this tonight. I want you to understand this. Amen. This is why people can't keep the victory because we got a lot of people trying to live a Christian life and they don't have the Holy Ghost. They don't have the lifegiver on the inside. Amen. They do not have listen. They never been born again. And you will never live a victorious Christian life. You can't do it, but he can. Hallelujah. I might as well say it [Applause] tonight. These people walk away from this message because they say, "You can't live it. I can't live it. It's too many It's too many dos and don'ts in the message. It's too many rules and I can't live it." And you know what? You can't live it. But he can. And this message ain't dos and don'ts. It's a living reality of a living God. Hallelujah. I just say this. I say it to the critics. I say it to every critic tonight. Amen. You take any group of young people on this planet. Amen. I challenge you to do it. Amen. Amen. And bring them along aside. Amen. what this message will produce. Come on, church. Amen. They can say what they want to about our message. Oh, the message is this and the message is that and it failed here and it failed there. I tell you what this message will do. It'll take Amen. young ladies and have them dress like Christians looking like oh come on in modest apparel. Amen. Boys actually look like [Applause] boys and girls actually look like girls. Right in the middle of Satan's eating in the most perverted age in the most perverted time. Hallelujah. I tell you what, I hate to be standing there in that day. Amen. I can hear the words of Jesus ringing in my ear tonight. Amen. Amen. Because he talked about the queen, amen, of the south and how she had rise up in the judgment against that generation. Amen. Because she heard, amen, of the wisdom of Solomon, amen. And he said, "And a greater than Solomon is hit." And I think about in the judgment, a bunch of Amen. Uhhuh. self-righteous church members stand in the judgment. Amen. standing there and say, "Amen, but you don't understand the age I lived in and you don't understand the pressures of the time and you don't understand." Everybody was doing it and all the women was cutting their hair and they all was wearing makeup and they all was wear amen wearing them high heels and they was all Amen. dressing in that kind of way. Amen. And I can just see God say, "Come here." Amen. Come here. One of you young people, come here. Amen. Come stand up right here. Amen. And God say, "Amen. Look right here. Here was a boy." Amen. Just a teenager. He lived in the same age you lived in. Hallelujah. He did it. Now, where's your excuse? Hallelujah. One of you young sisters, come up here right quick. Somebody you that's all right. Right here. Amen. Could you imagine? Amen. So, and God says, "Come here, young lady." Amen. Let me just show Amen. Listen. She did it. Where's your excuse? She did it. Amen. She She lived an overcoming life in the middle of Leosa, right in the middle of Satan. She did [Applause] it. Hallelujah. You want to know how? Not cuz she was raised in a better family. Not because he was raised in a better family. Not because of your last name. is because greater is he that is in [Applause] you than he that is in the world. Hallelujah. It's the power of the Holy Ghost. I ain't talking about a shout. I ain't talking about a dance, brother. I believe in shouting. I believe in destin. I believe in all those things. But I tell you what I'm talking about. I'm talking about an overcoming life. I'm talking about a power that'll change you. It'll save you. And brother, it's not just that. It'll keep you. It'll hold you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's Jesus. He's working on the inside. Amen. Watch what he done. He cursed that tree. Amen. And watch. Amen. He killed it from the roots. Brother, as soon as he spoke, brother John, as soon as he spoke, it was over. And brother, he said even an hour later, the leaves looked the same. But brother diggs. Amen. Eventually the outside was going to catch up with the inside. Come on, church. Amen. You can't be changed on the inside and not affect the outside. Amen. You ever get a change in your soul, I tell you what it'll do. It'll reach out to your spirit and it'll reach out to the flesh and it'll begin to conquer the flesh. [Applause] Hallelujah. Amen. And you will become an overcomer. Amen. Because the outside, amen, will begin to manifest. Amen. what is on the inside. By the next day, they walked back by that tree and it was withered and the leaves were falling off. You know, I feel I I want to stop right here and just say something because brother Brandon said he talked about an oak tree because I want you to understand something. Everybody's process ain't exactly the same. Amen. And sometimes some of y'all, I mean, it could all happen in one night. And others, amen, it's a process and you're growing in grace from from grace to grace. Amen. And God is working and dealing and and changing you and Amen. And and and the thing about it is, but brother Brown taught about that old oak tree. He said he said, "You know, them oaks will hold on to the leaves all winter long. Them old dead leaves, they dead as they can be." But he said that tree will hold on to it. He said, you know, but come the spring of the year, you don't have to go out there and pick them dead leaves off. You ain't got to go get you a ladder and climb up there and pull all the dead leaves off so new leaves can come on. He said, just let new life, just let new life come. And when that life begins to come up from the roots of that tree, it begins to push out in the limbs. It begins to push out and them green leaves be and brother when that new life begins to push out all them dead things begin to fall off. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's what'll change you. Let the new life of the Holy Ghost begin to flow through you. All the dead things of the world will begin to fall off. Hallelujah. It's transforming power. [Applause] Glory to God. I asked that brother how long I should preach and and so I'm trying to I'm I got a long ways to go. Praise God. Amen. But watch this because the prophet says he says remember he said I've warned every one of you in 72 hours what would take place. The Bible says the unclean spirit going out of a mount he walks in dry places returns again. Is that right? Seven other devils worse than he was. See be careful there and let the good man of the house be standing there. Amen. with faith waring him away, telling him he can't come. See, refuse to see it. Refuse to have it or anything else. You just stay right there with it. Now, let me just put this scripture in because James said, "Submit yourself therefore to God. Resist the devil and he'll flee from you. Well, watch that scripture. Submit yourself, therefore, to God. There's two parts of it. That's right. You got to submit yourself to God. Submit yourself to his word. Yield to the to the to the spirit of God. Amen. Come under the authority of the word of God. Amen. Allow amen that word to Amen. have preeminence in your life. Submit yourself to God. Resist the devil and he'll flee from you. How many believe this Bible is the infallible word of God? How many believe that heaven and earth will pass away but this word will never fail? How many believe it's full of promises? How many will say them promises belong to me? Amen. How many of you can receive the promise of salvation? How many receive the promise of healing? Amen. All these great promises. Well, that's a promise too. Resist the devil and he will flee. I'm just going to tell you this tonight. The trouble with too many of us is we're not resisting the devil. That word resist means to set yourself against. Amen. Set yourself against. Listen. What are you going to do tomorrow when the devil comes to you and he starts trying to talk in your ear? You're going to sit there and listen. Yes, sir. I'm ask you, are you going to just accept it? Are you just going to say, "Well, that's just the way things are." Listen, friends, that's the problem we got. Too many people are sitting in the church and they're just saying, "That's just the way things are." You know, it's just the age we live in. It's just the spirit of the age. It's just the time we're living in. Amen. And if you keep going down that road, floating down the stream, ain't no telling where you're going to end up. and every spirit out of hell will attach itself to you. But I tell you what to do. Stand up in faith and resist the devil. Set yourself against it. Hallelujah. And my Bible says he will flee. Hallelujah. Let me try to hit another scripture here before we close. Luke chapter 11 verse 21. When a strong man armed keepeth his palace, his goods are in peace. But when a stronger than he shall come upon him and overcome him, he taketh from him all his armor, wherein he has trusted and divideth his fools. Now watch this because here again, we have a principle set in the word of God because here's a strong man and and there's different ways we could apply this tonight, but I'm going I got a quote here and and and and I'm going to make a I'm going to show you something as a principle because now here, Amen. The Bible is speaking of a strong man. Now, I'm just going to say this. Satan is a strong man. And Satan has a lot of strongholds. And even some of you sitting here tonight, Satan may have a stronghold in your life. And he's sitting there as a strong man and and and in your in your life. He's got a stronghold in your life. But now watch the Bible because when when when the strong man is armed and and he keepeth his palace, his goods are in peace. But when a stronger, when a stronger than he shall come, Hallelujah. I'm just going to use the scripture in this way tonight and show you this because there's one stronger than the devil. Amen. Let me just use a quote to back up what I'm saying. Anointed ones at the end time. He said, "God alone can cast out the devil." We know that. God alone. For the strong man has to be stronger than the one that is in the house. Hallelujah. So if the devil is in your house as a strong man, the only way that you can be free of that is somebody stronger has got to come by. But I got good news for you. God is stronger than the devil. The power of God is greater than the power of the devil. Hallelujah. Amen. Can you believe that tonight? Let me do Let me put it in another way that maybe can help you understand, you know, because the only Let's just say this. Let's just say there's a man and he's setting traps and and and and let's say he's after raccoons. We'll just use that. And he and and he's setting traps, you know, and he's got traps and and this and this animal gets caught in a trap. Now, the only hope that that animal has because see that animal is caught in a trap that he cannot free himself from. I mean, you know, some of them gnaw their legs off and things like that and you know, but but but they don't have the ability to set themselves free. You are you following me? And see, the devil's setting traps for you. A and and and you don't have the ability to free yourself. And the only hope that animal has is a higher species. Amen. A greater intelligence. Somebody of a Amen. can come along and and see them in their in their desperate need. Amen. and and set them free. See, that's what it takes. Amen. There's got to be something greater, amen, to come along and set them free. Amen. And if the strong man is in your house and the devil has a stronghold in your house, the only hope you have is that a stronger one can come. Hallelujah. Amen. But as I said, Amen. God is stronger than the devil. Yes, sir. Can I prove it to you by the word of God? Can I just prove it to you by the Bible? Because how many knows that the battle actually started in heaven? The battle started in heaven. And Michael and his angels fought against Lucifer and his angels. Amen. But the Bible says, Amen, that Michael kicked him out of heaven. Can you say amen? And brother Brown said the battle that was in heaven which was a battle of angels came down to the earth and now the battle of angels become human battles. And he says it come in the in the battleground your mind's been raging ever since. Is that right? Is everybody following me so far? Amen. But but the principle I want you to see is this that Jesus met Satan on the battlegrounds or I should say Michael met Satan on the battlegrounds in heaven. God and Satan come and met in a battle. Who won? I'm asking you the question. Who won? This ain't a trick question. You can answer it. Who won? God. Amen. Watch now because let's bring it down to the earth. Now Jesus comes to the earth and takes on flesh. The Bible says that he was led away in the wilderness to be tempted of Satan. Right here they met again on the battlegrounds, not in heaven, on the earth. Who won? Now I'm going to show you something real powerful. Because brother Brown said on that battleground, he didn't even use supernatural power to defeat the enemy. He used the word alone to show you that you [Applause] also. Hallelujah. Let me say this with the authority. Amen. The word of God will defeat Satan on any grounds, [Applause] anywhere, anytime. Hallelujah. And that ain't the end of the story. Jesus died on Calvary. They laid his body in the grave. Amen. His He Amen. descended down into hell. Amen. He went right down into hell. And when he got there, Amen. he met Satan again. Who won? Hallelujah. Who won? He jerked the door off of hell. He ripped the keys off of Satan's neck. And he rose on the third day for your justification. Hallelujah. As a mighty conqueror. My God defeated Satan in heaven. He defeated Satan on earth. He defeated Satan in hell. And that God will defeat Satan in your heart, in your life, in your home. Hallelujah. I don't care where God meets Satan on any battleground. He always comes out on top. [Applause] Hallelujah. I want you to understand something tonight. Amen. How many I asked you earlier. I'm going to ask you again. How many wants to be an overcomer? How many wants to be an overcomer? This is overcoming. Recognizing Satan and all of his tactics. Brother Ram said, "You must first realize that Satan is real and he is against you." Come on, church. Young people, I want you to understand. Amen. Don't you listen to this world out here. They'll tell you there ain't no real devil and there ain't no real hell and there ain't no real God and there ain't no real Let me tell you something. There is a real devil. Amen. He is real and he is not your friend. He is your enemy. He is against you. And you got to recognize Satan and know that he's real and know he's against you. But that's only half of it. And then realize that greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. Let me tell you this tonight. You by yourself are not able. You're no match for the devil. You cannot defeat the devil by yourself. Amen. But that's why greater is he. That's Listen. God did not ask you to fight this battle alone. Let me let me bring this to a close. I I got I got pages upon pages. But but let me just end it with this. Brother Bam, in the message, How can I overcome? Brother Bam actually takes a the scripture that I use as a text tonight. And and he begins to say, watch. He said, because we're living in the age of the literal life of Jesus Christ. Listen to me. Listen to me, church. You're living in the token age that you you you can't Amen. Listen. Amen. Luther's age, they had their message. They were sealed under their message. Wesley's age, they had their message. It was a And what did that message do? Listen, friends. Justification was not a doctrine in Luther Luther's age. It was it was a Amen. When justification be to be preached and the revelation of the word of God began to be released, Amen. What did it do? It produced a justified life in the people. Sanctification was not just a doctrine. Amen. Wesley begin to preach the the revelation, the message of the hour. Amen. Of power was released and it produced sanctification in the lives of the people, restoration of the gifts, same thing on down. But now we're living in the token age. And friends, it's not a doctrine. It's not it's not just something, you know, uh some kind of some kind of uh theory or a new thing or some kind of doctrine we're trying to get you to come to. Amen. But when the message of the hour is preached, what's it going to do? It's going to produce a life in a people. And brother B says, see, this is the age we're living in. It's the age of the literal life of Jesus Christ. and watch because he starts laying out a principle and he says see Luther's age justifications Wesley's age sanctification he said he said but see he said that come now we've come to the place he said because sanctification don't put you in service it only cleans you and sets you aside for service he said the Holy Spirit puts you in service he said and and and he said justification didn't put him in sanctification didn't put him in he said it come now to where now the that Christ is coming into his church and then brother Brown said watch it was in that leodysian age the only age that now he's put out of the church and and he's making a point he had to be in to be be put out he said and it come to the to the literal life the age of the Holy Ghost itself coming into the people and now they have rejected because he's shown himself Jesus Christ the same yesterday today and forever and he said because he said they don't want to be identified with it. He said, "Watch." He said, "They're so scared of it, they won't even say Holy Ghost." They'll say, "Holy Spirit." They won't say Holy Ghost because they're so afraid they'll be identified with Pentecost. They're so afraid they're going to be ident. Amen. People are afraid to even even be worshiping in the house of God or be, you know, afraid of things like somebody's going to label me. I'm Pentecostal. Let me just tell you right now, I am Pentecost. Somebody Somebody, you know, man, you you shouldn't say that. And amen. I Let me just tell you, I'll say it again. I am Pentecostal. Not Isuzu Street, not Pentecostal age, not I ain't talking about Pentecostalism. I'm talking about hacks to the original. [Applause] Hallelujah. And I ain't ashamed of it. Can I just quote a prophet of God 1965 invisible union? He says she don't want talking about the church, the modern church. She don't want none of them miserable creatures that she thinks they are screaming, hollering, tongue talking. Amen. Acts 2:38, children, but it's the only kind that the word can produce. Hallelujah. And I am glad to say tonight, I am one of them. Hallelujah. Is anybody want to join me in that? I said, I am one of them. Say, brother, what are you talking about? I'm talking about one of them. saved, justified, sanctified, Holy Ghost filled, devil stomping, fire breathing, children of the most high God. Hallelujah. That's who you are. That's overcoming power. Hallelujah. And when the strong man is in the house, Amen. Greater is he that is in you. Hallelujah. When the devil comes back, I got bad news for the devil. Another king has occupied the throne of my heart. The sea ain't empty. The house is not empty. But the house is occupied. You know what that's telling the devil? I'm sorry, devil. There ain't no room for you here. Hallelujah. Friends, I'm telling you this tonight. Amen. You ought to tell the devil, devil, ain't no room for you in my house. Ain't no room in my in my bedroom. Ain't no room, Amen. in our church. Come on, y'all. Help me tonight. Let's tell the devil right now. Devil, you ain't welcome in this camp. You ain't welcome in these services. No, devil. There ain't no room for you here. Because in this camp, Christ is here. The Holy Ghost is here. The angels of God are here. Healing is here. Deliverance is here. The power of change is here [Applause] tonight. And devil, there ain't no room. Hallelujah. As a musicians, we come tonight. Amen. Because brother Brown's bringing that down. How can I overcome? He's bringing it down and he's showing. He said, see, he said, but when Christ begins to show himself alive, he begins to come in, he said, watch. He said, he said they put him out. If y'all don't mind, I I I'm having to I'll have to find it, but I'm going to try to find it. And the and the prophet says he says see he says come down that le ought to see an age after he had received the Holy Ghost with the knowledge of the spirit of God within it and then deny the very works of God and call it an evil work. And brother Brown said they put Christ on the outside of the church. He said, "Now we see these hours that we're living in this state and and we see what it was and the Holy Ghost is rebuking the age that put him out." But in all that, did you notice to him that overcometh even in that worldly wicked age to him that overcometh you know what brother Brown's saying, brother Jason? saying even in that age even in that Christ rejecting lukewarm in that age where the church would be naked and miserable blind don't even know it the most wicked of all the ages he said even today to him that overcometh you know what God saying there's going to be overcomersmen how many say how many can say tonight Lord let that be me let me end in saying is they put him out. They actually put Christ out of the church. And in Revelations, we see him standing at the door knocking. Remember brother Brown talking about the artist painting a picture. They come, the critics come, they said, said you made a mistake. Said you didn't put no latch on that door. You didn't. He painted that picture. Christ standing on the outside the door. He's knocking. Said, "You made a mistake." Why? What was the mistake he made? Said you didn't put a latch on that door. He said, "No." He said, "See." He said, "It's on the inside." Amen. Cuz you have to let him in now. They put him out of the church. But is there anybody in this building tonight saying, "Yes, Lord." Lord, they might not want you, but I do. Yes. Yes, Lord. Lord, this world might reject you, but I want you. Amen. I got a promise for you, friends. Whosoever will open that door and let him come in. He said, "I'll come in and I will s with you." Friends, if you'll let him in your heart tonight, Jesus will come in. The strong man, the stronger man, the good man. Let him in your house tonight. Let him in. That's how you'll keep the victory. As we just bow our heads tonight, I want to just invite you. You do the praying, friends. I I can't I can't invite Jesus into your heart. You have to do it. You do the praying now. If you want him to come in, ask him. He's a gentleman. The Holy Spirit's a gentleman. You have to invite him. How many say that tonight? Say, "Lord, come in and listen. It's doors indoors. Don't just let him in the outer room in the just inside to stand in the forer. But how many say Lord come in the secret places. I don't want to hold nothing back tonight. Lord I want to open every door in my life. Just come in Lord just begin to ask him tonight. Heavenly Father, Lord, you see these young hearts and Lord Jesus, we just try to be obedient to your spirit and Lord, there's so many things, Lord, that we would perhaps love to say and things we've studied and thoughts, Lord, and things that were omitted and left out and but God, that's not what is what's important and that's not what I come to do tonight. And I ask you, Lord, in coming here, I said, Lord, you have your way. You speak the things that need to be spoken, oh Lord God. Lord, you know the needs. Lord, I don't know what they are. I don't But Lord, you know you're the omnisient God. Oh God, you're the omnipotent God. Lord Jesus, I I pray tonight, God, as a word has went forth that it's pricricked the hearts. Oh God, may it be Lord, even as it was, Lord, there on the day of Pentecost, Lord, when Peter begin to stand up and he be to speak the words of life. Oh God, and their hearts begin to be pricricked by that word and they begin to say, "What must we do? What must we do?" And now I can hear a prophet at the opening of the seals and he stands there and he says, "If you've not been baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I command thee, run to the water quickly. If you've not received the spirit of God in your life, I command you, receive ye the Holy Ghost. Oh God, I feel the urgency of the hour. I feel the closing out of the time. The Gentile days are coming to an end. Oh God, I stand before this audience tonight. And Lord, I want to repeat the words of our prophet. Receive ye the Holy Ghost. Receive you the Holy Ghost. Be born again of the spirit of God. Receive Jesus Christ. It's the token or perish. Accept it tonight. Receive it tonight. Oh God, hear the cries of these hearts. Hear the cries of these these young people tonight as they lifted up their hands and their you hear their hearts crying out to you. Doors are opening up. Oh God, come and abide. Come, Holy Spirit, abide. Take up your residence now. Occupy the house. Let the good man come. Let the stronger man come. Oh, have your way, Lord. Have your way. We commit our lives in this service and all this this camp, Lord. Everything that'll be said and done, we commit into your hands in the name of Jesus Christ. Little girl was lying there. People were weeping. They just laughed at Jesus when he said she's only sleeping. But as he took her by the hand, well, she began to live again. Some began to praise the Lord. Tom began to say, "He's in the house." And death has to flee. And now there is light where darkness used to be. And now there is hope. There's no more doubt. [Music] Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the [Music] house. And we were like that little girl dead in all our sins. But Jesus touched this heart of mine and he gave me life again. [Applause] And I am just a house of a rain ever since that blessed day. Well, there's a light that shines in me for all the world to see. And he's in my house. Oh death pass. Oh, and now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There is [Music] no praise name. I'm going to praise his name. in the house. You got to see. Oh, this is your moment. Now there is no dark right now. right now. Oh, praise. Praise his [Music] name. Mercy. Oh, my little girl was lying there. My people were think about that now. That's a true story. We just laugh at Jesus when he said now she's only seen that's just as real as your life. As he took her by the hand, watch it now. She began to live. Here it is. Praise the Lord. He's in my house. [Music] Hallelujah. Now used to be there is there's no praise. Praise his name. [Music] We were like that little girl. Lift it up now. We were like that little girl. Dead in all our sins. But Jesus touched this heart of mine. Wow. Gave me life again. Is that true? I am just the house of Yes, sir. This blessed day, there's a light that shines from. I want all this world to see. Come on. There he is in my house. Come on, spirit. You got to let me hear you. Let me hear you. There is light. Where darkness used to be, there is hope. And there's no one else. Oh yeah. Oh, praise him. Oh yeah. Praise the Lord. He is. Hallelujah. Glory to God. Glory. Hallelujah. Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord. You relate to that song? You relate to the sermon you heard tonight? That's real life, friends. What you heard tonight was preaching that deals with real life. The devil didn't want you to hear any of that. And you heard all of it. Now, you know, I don't know how long maybe you come here tonight and you know, I I believe that everybody that comes to these events comes to grow in Christ. Is that fair? Maybe you come here, you say, "This is my year. This is I'm not I'm not not going to need another camp after this one. I'm going to be free completely. I'm going to live where I want to live in Christ." Well, I want you to know something. You don't even got to wait till the end of this camp. Amen. You don't even got to wait till the end of this service. No, not at all. You know, when when you when you when you think about, you know, how long does it take God to do something? I mean, think about you say, "Man, I've had this thing a long time, Brother Jason." Well, the Antichrist worked for 2,000 years and set up to a point you find in Revelation 18. It was a beast in control of the world for 2,000 years in the Gentile ages. And God took it down in one hour. God only needs one hour to accomplish anything in your life. He undid 2,000 years of hard work of the devil and he undid it in one hour. The Bible says in in one day so great a thou so so great a destruction and then it went on from there it said in one hour and they cried and said alas alas such a great city oh my all of this for in one hour in one hour it was made desolate God don't need long in one hour you know I I I was standing I was sitting there thinking as brother Josh was preaching that and I thought about brother Brandham you know telling I I was reading here some time ago in a discussion with another minister and we were talking about where brother Brandham I forget the exact details of the story but he was speaking to an audience and and they had somebody had been through a hard trial and and it was a church and it struggled and and brother Brandham said and it took six years and he said but finally after six years six years they got the victory and brother Brandham said they didn't need to wait six minutes right I got They didn't need to wait six minutes. I thought about I thought about brother Brandham talking about 6 seconds smith. You ever hear brother talk about 6 seconds smith? 6 seconds smmith because he put you on the floor in 6 seconds. He put a three-piece on you and now lights out you're gone. One shot sometimes. 6 seconds. I'm going to tell you something. I think the real 6 seconds might be here in the building tonight. I ain't talking about some boxer from back in the day of brother Brandham's boxing days. I'm talking about a Holy Spirit who don't need 2,000 years to set you free. He don't need 6 hours. He don't need 6 years. He don't need six minutes. He don't need six seconds. You can have that deliverance right now. You don't need to wait six more seconds. You don't need three more services. You can have it right now. [Applause] Brother Josh talking about how that quoting there when brother Brandham is quoting and saying my goodness said here comes a situation and and and and people sometimes they they become so distraught with what God can do and and he says you know God can can do a miracle and God can come and and he can you might have something some disease some affliction and God can just disappear it. I thought about that. Wow. God can disappear. And brother Josh goes on to say, "Now look, you're if you're not careful when the when the devil comes back around and he says, now that same faith that took it away, that unbelief will resurrect it." I mean, did you know you had resurrection power? Resurrection power is God power. That's God power. So, let me say to you tonight, don't use your God power to resurrect the devil. Don't use your God power to make a treaty with the devil. Use your Don't help him. Use your God power. How many say tonight, I'd like for the power of God to disappear my affliction. Disappear this weakness. How many would say, "Tonight, I want to have this weakness. I want to have this trouble. I want to have this problem. I want the Holy Spirit to disappear it in my life tonight." Oh, I'm here to tell you something, friends. You don't need to wait any time at all right now. God can disappear whatever is troubling you with the power of the resurrection. I'm a believer of that, friends. I appreciate Brother Josh declaring. He said, I'm I'm a Pentecostal. Me, too. I'm here to tell you the message of the hour will identify you. The world has a trouble with that these days. They can't identify gender. They can't identify anything. The message will identify your gender. It'll it'll tell you whether you're a boy or a girl. It'll make a girl act like a lady and a boy act like a gentleman. The message will do more than that. It'll do more than identify your gender. It'll identify your origin. It'll identify your heritage. It'll identify your lineage. It'll tell you your name was in the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. And there's not enough devils in all of hell to keep you out of it. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah, friends. My If the enemy has taken such a beating tonight, what is in store in the next three services? I He's probably running for the hills. Amen. The power of God and the preaching of the gospel. You know what it does, Brother Brandham said? It said it drives back spirits of unbelief. and allows the Holy Spirit to deal with you. So, you're at a good place. You're at a place where the word is going forward. How many appreciate that tonight? How many appreciate our brother Josh laboring like that? Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, we're so grateful to have you all here. God is moving. The Bible says in the last days that those people who know their God will do great exploits. My my my. Let's sing, son, before we go. Amen. Come on, let's worship just a little bit. Find their way [Music] where of your name. Oh, come on friends. Sing it. Feel no shame at the sound at the sound of your name. Let's go. [Music] Every oh yes has no place inside your enemy. Oh yes. Come on. Come on. He has come on. Oh yes Lord. Sing it Jesus. Worthy is worthy. Worthy are God for us. The son of God. Amen. You are high lifted up. Oh my. And all the world will praise your great name. Oh, all the weak. Oh my strength. That's where I found mine at the side. I found strength there. Your hallelujah. Hungry soul. Oh my hungry soul. Oh, so true. Receive. So true. Lord. Everybody in the building. Your great name. Sing it. of your great name. The [Music] sing [Music] Jesus. Yes. Oh, that was for us. The sun you are and all the world [Music] you're redeemer. Yes sir. My hear [Music] lord my savior you are my king redeemer redeemer and my healer lord my king my savior defender you are my King. See your king tonight. Is he your king? Is this your king? Worthy is the Lord. Do you love your kingdom? Are you willing to follow your king, friends? Are you willing to give him your whole heart and your whole life? Say, "Tonight, Lord, my king." Hallelujah. All the world will praise your great name. Your great [Music] name. We love you, Lord God. How we love you in this building tonight. Father, what a word. What a life comes forth from this word. What a faith, Lord, in the hearts of these young men and young women. It was obvious, Lord, from the from the minute go that they wanted to be here. They assembled, Lord, think of it, Father, when the whole world is running after a false system and Satan's got all control. It's a complete takeover. His He has his full Eden. He's got all the politics, all the pullpits, all the science, all the education. He's got the families, the homes, the social fabric of the whole nation, all the entertainment industry. Lord, it just burns him that he doesn't have this little bride. She just keeps marching for Zion. Oh, she won't be distracted. She won't be set aside. She won't be denied. Oh lamb of God, help us to march more towards Zion. Father, what a service tonight. What a word that came forth. What a courage puts in our heart. I sit there, Lord, thinking, "Oh, lamb of God. Build faith and build courage in the hearts of these young men and young women. And build it in mine, Lord. Build it in all of us. Father, we're at a great hour, tremendous hour. Oh God, we need to see you so clearly. You have manifest yourself in this day. What a privileged people we are. We thank you for it. Lord, I pray you will go with these young men and young women. Lord, give them good rest tonight. What other what other activities maybe uh are planned? I don't even know what the schedule is, Lord. But I pray from from the moment they walk out of this building, they won't walk out of your presence. That your presence, your abiding presence, you told Lord, you told a prophet when a evil spirit stood there in his room and and hissing and spitting at him said, "You're an impostor. You're a fake." They those devils still try to say that today. And brother Brandham just set up not a bit of he just looked right at him and said, "Satan, you're an offense to me." And that devil vanished. And right down in that same corner where he had stood, that pillar of fire dropped down. And you said to your prophet, "Don't ever fear to do anything, for the never failing presence of Jesus Christ goes with you always." Lord, that's a promise to this entire bride. your neverfailing presence, the realities of the living God to live in our lives. It's more than a saying, Lord. It's more than a cliche. It's more than a doctrine, as the preacher was preaching tonight. It's a person. This message is a person. And this person, this this mystery, as the Apostle Paul shows us, the fellowship of the mystery. And people are saying, "Oh, it's a mystery. It's a mystery." No, no, no. This mystery wants to have fellowship with you. This mystery wants to have fellowship with you. It's a person. It's a presence of almighty God. We thank you. We commit everything now into your hands. May the balance of our evening be spent glorifying you. Lord, when we lay our head at last on our pillow tonight and we're just alone there with you and our thoughts, may we raise a hand and one last salute before slumber takes us and just say, "Lord, thank you. Thank you. Thank you." We thank you for all these things, Lord, in Jesus wonderful name. We're happy to have had you here tonight. You have any other announcements? Come, Brother Jay. Amen. We got a few announcements for you. I didn't get a chance to speak to you before we started, but I'm so happy to see you all. God bless you. A lot of the faces, almost all of you from last year. Amen. You must have booked early. So, we're happy to have you here again this year. Amen. God bless you. God bless you, everyone. Go ahead and have your seats. We're going to make some announcements. What would youth camp be without announcements, right? And so we want to we'll do that and then we'll uh continue worship uh after I'm done. Welcome. We love you all. Very excited you're here. Um I just want to repeat my appreciation to the counselors that have come to help us. Without them, uh none of this would be possible. So, thank you all much. Yes. Amen. Just a few reminders. I hope you'll love me after I'm done with the reminders still. Um, service seating is for counselors and campers only. So, um, make sure that that's reserved for that. And I see we have counselors that are having to stand up. So, um, uh, just make sure that if you're a camp, not a camper or a counselor, you check before you get a seat with brother Brad in the back. Brother Brad's back there. Raise his hand if you don't know who he is. Um, he also requested that we not uh have seats saved for service. Makes their job very difficult. So, if you're here, sit down and and take your spot and uh don't save it for a bunch of different people. Um, regarding lunch and the meals down there, I know we had some problems with some people has had some confusion. If you do have some food allergies, please let the servers know right away that you do what what allergies you have. They've made accommodations for all of that. Um, also the main office last, if you were here last year, you know the main office was in the main lodge there just as you came in. Our main office where our medical uh team is going to be and our admin staff is the concessions building. So, if you have any needs of anything, go to that spot, the concessions building. They're right in the middle. um administration. Lost and found will be in that as well. Um there's going to be t-shirts and hoodies for sale there if you didn't order one before camp. They're in the concessions building. Um practice time for choirs and specials will be tech texted out to all of you individually when your time will be. Um, everybody see the schedule and the rules and regulations posted up in your cabins. They're there. Um, I'm going to read through a couple of them just to to to be sure. I know some of you some of the young people will uh just go right past those because you got more important things to do. So, want to make sure everybody is aware just of the basic ones. So some obvious ones, boys are not allowed in girls dorms and vice versa. And there's no zero tolerance tolerance for that. As we say in that, we're trying to operate our camp with clear expectations and clear consequences. So if if you hear me say zero tolerance for that, that means that we have to immediately uh send you send you home. So we don't want to do that. the very very very last thing we want to have to do. But let's let's remember that consequences are clear. So if we say there's zero tolerance, don't do it. Uh leaving your cabin before rise and shine and after lights out is not allowed. And again, zero tolerance for it. Also, if you if you think you can get out and you you escape, you're not going to be escaping anywhere because there's cameras all over the property and we're going to be aware that you're out and someone's going to find you and then you're going to have to call your parents and have them come get you. So, no one is allowed on the lake trails, the back lake trails, the one along the front is fine, but the back um non-paved lake trails after dark. Campers are not allowed to drive any golf carts or jump on them when they're in motion. If you remember last year, uh once campers are checked in, not allowed to leave to leave the camp at all. You have to stay here. So if you've driven your vehicle, it's in place. Don't move it. Don't go anywhere. You're here. You're stuck. If you do have if you do have a need, something that you've forgotten, please let your counselor know. We'll do our best to try to make accommodations for you. So, I'm going to leave it off there. It gets way more boring from that. Please read them. If you break a rule and you say, "I didn't know." I'm sorry. You don't have an excuse. It's posted everywhere. You got a text with it. Make sure you sign up for that text. You'll see the different places up front where it is. when we need to send you updates, timing updates, or even if there's an emergency on the camp and we need to alert you, if you have your cell phone with you on camp, make sure to to text that number and click join now. So, let's see. Sunday afternoon, we'll have baptisms uh in the lake for anyone that would like to. Just be sure to verify with your local pastor before you do that. Um, concessions are going to be open every day at 9:00 a.m. and they will close at 10:30 p.m. Um, hot food is going to be available for purchase at concessions after the service tonight. There's going to be bonfire devotions. If you were here last year, you know how epic they were with with Brother Diggs. and we're excited to have him back with us and minister to you tonight. So that will the bonfire part of the or the devotions part of it will start at 1000 p.m. sharp. So after we dismiss, make sure you get down there, get in, get through concessions and get your get your place there around the Lakeside uh bonfire. And so I think that is everything. Brad, did I forget something? We're good. All right, let's let's stand and worship the Lord together in Christ [Music] alone. I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. [Music] In every [Music] victory, let it be said of me. My source of strength, my source of hope is Christ alone. Oh, in Christ alone I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory, let it be said of me, my source of streng. Yes, you are Lord. My source of hope is Christ alone. First verse. In Christ, in Christ alone will I though I could pride myself. Though I could pride myself in battles won. For I've been blessed. For I've been blessed beyond measure. And by his strength alone I overcome. Oh yes. Oh, I could stop and count. Oh, I could stop and count. Successes like diamonds in my hand. Sing it now. But the trophies, oh, but the trophies could not equal to the grace. Hallelujah. to which I stand. Oh, in Christ alone, I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. in every victory. Oh, let it be said of me. My source of strength. Hallelujah. My source of hope is Christ alone. Can we take it up one seat? In Christ alone. Oh, in Christ alone do I glory. For only by his grace I am redeemed. Oh yes. Oh for only his tender mercy could reach beyond my weakness to my need. Hallelujah. Oh, and now I seek no gater on. Hallelujah. Than just to know him more and to count those gains as losses to the glory of the Lord in Christ the Lord. for you, Lord. I place my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. In every victory, let it be said to me, my source of strength, my source of hope. One more time. In Christ the Lord. I praise my trust and find my glory in the power of the cross. in every victory for let it be said of me. My source of strength, my source of hope is Christ alone. Hallelujah. Yes, Lord. Amen. Give F. Amen. We can sing this one. How many knows falling in love with Jesus? Amen. Let's sing this one. Falling in love with Jesus. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus is the best thing I've ever Yes. ever done. Oh, falling in love, falling in love with Jesus. Oh, yes. Falling in love with [Music] Jesus. Falling in love with [Music] Jesus is the best thing I've ever ever done. His arms. Oh, in his arms I feel protected. Oh yes, in his arms never disconnected. In his arms I feel protected. There's no place I'd rather rather be. I'm falling in love. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. Oh, falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Oh, falling in love with Jesus is the best thing I've ever ever done. Amen. Bring it up one and can sing this one. It is so sweet to trust in Jesus just to take him at his word. Oh, and just to rest upon his for all. Oh yes.
