################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2022-05-15 - A Reason to Live Different (Distinguished Faith) - Aaron McGeary - Aaron McGeary.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2022-05-15
Title:   A Reason to Live Different (Distinguished Faith) - Aaron McGeary
Speaker: Aaron McGeary
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GOvxjzh02b0
========================================

[Music] I I love you Lord [Music] and I lift my voice to worship you. Oh my soul, rejoice. Take joy my king in what you hear. May be a sweet sweet sound in your ear. Let's sing again. Yes, I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice to worship you, oh my soul, rejoice. Take joy my king in what you hear. May be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. your brother Luther if you calling say I love you Lord and I lift my voice to worship you oh my soul Oh, rejoice. Take joy, my king, in what you hear. [Music] May be a sweet sweet sound in your your [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Let's pray. Father, we love you this morning. How our hearts desire and long that what you would hear would be a sweet sound in your ear. I pray that you bless this congregation, those that are streaming. Lord, we had wonderful services, but this is the day. Yesterday's gone. Let us add to Father, what you've done to us, for us, and in us. Help us to have a heart to receive your word, receive your spirit today. Father, we pray for each and every need that we have. I just lift up the allsufficient name of Jesus Christ over them. I love you this morning. I thank you for what you've done in my life and I pray and ask that you would continue to do that work. Help me to become what you saw before the foundation of the world. As we gather the tithes and offerings, I pray that you bless the cheerful giver. Bless her to the magnification of your kingdom. Father, bless the song service and Lord, that word that's so precious to our hearts, magnify it today. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Sing again. I love you, Lord, and I lift my voice [Music] to worship you, oh my soul, rejoice. Take joy my king in what you hear. May it be a sweet, sweet sound in your ear. Let me hear you sing it now. Say, "I love you, Lord. [Music] And I give my voice to worship. [Music] Rejoice. Take your [Music] What you hear may be a sweet [Applause] in your ear. May it be a sweet sound. May it be a sweet, sweet sound. in your Amen. I think the Lord deserve a hand this morning. Amen. Amen. He'll be flat. Amen. Amen. I'm a friend of God. Amen. Amen. [Music] Let's put our hands together for the Lord. Who am I that you are mindful of me? How you hear me when I call? Is it true that you are thinking of me? How you love me? [Music] It's amazing. It's amazing. Say, I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. He called me friend. Say I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. He called me friend. One more time. I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. He call me friend. [Music] Who am I? That you are mindful of me that you hear me when I call. Is it true that you are thinking of me? How you love me? [Music] It's amazing. It's amazing. I am a friend of God. Say I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of God. He called me great. Oh, say I am a friend. Say I am. Yes, I am. Oh, I am a friend of God. He calls me great. See, I am a friend of God. Yeah, I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. He calls me friend. [Music] God Almighty, Lord of glory, you have all great God Almighty, Lord of glory, you have come one more time God Almighty, Lord of glory, you have me. Who am I? That you are mindful of me that you hear me when I call. Is it true? Is it true that you are thinking of me? How you love me is amazing. It's amazing. I am afraid. See, [Music] I'm afraid Lord. He calls me free one day. I am a friend of God. Oh, I am a friend of God. I am a friend of God. He calls me great. Oh, I am a friend. See, I am a friend. Oh, I am a friend of God. He calls me free. [Music] Amen. You may be seated. Amen. We're going to get brother Steven Short to give us a song this morning. Amen. Let's give him a hand. Amen. [Applause] [Music] Where were you, Joe, when the sons of God shouted for joy? joy and the morning stars sang their happy song. Do you recall at all before the world was home? The feeling of being home where you belong. Well, I'm sure Job must have wondered how he'd forgotten such a place. But with the father's sweet reminder, his soul begin to say, "I remember the joy. I remember the peace. I remember the worship there. Oh, what a sweet release. I remember the love. I was in the mind of God. I remember some way, somehow it's all coming back to me now. [Music] What is it here where we live our lives when we've accepted Christ that makes his children feel so set apart? Why is it so here below? We just don't feel at home though. like someone somewhere else still holds our hearts. There is a higher calling to where a bride will take her flight. And there ain't no way I'm going to miss it because his memory serves me right. I remember the joy. I remember the peace. I remember the worship there. Oh, what a complete relief. I remember the love. I was in the mind of God. I remember some way somehow. It's coming back to me now. I remember the joy. I remember the peace. I remember the worship there. Oh, what a sweet relief. I remember the love. I was in the mind of God. I remember [Music] some way, somehow. I remember the joy. I remember the peace. I remember the worship there. Oh, what a sweet release. I remember the love. [Music] I was in the mind of God. I remember some way somehow it's all coming back to me now. I remember the joy. I remember peace. I remember the words there. Oh, what a sweet dream. I remember the love I was in the mind of God. I remember some way somehow. It's all coming back to me now. [Applause] Amen. Sister Sarah, Amen, if you come and give us a song. Amen. This was a special request. We love when she sang this song. So, I think she deserve another hand. [Music] Are you past the point of weary? Is your burden weighing heavy? Is it all too much to carry? Let me tell you about my Jesus. Do you feel that empty feeling? Cuz pain chains done all stealing and you're desperate for some healing. Let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes a way where there ain't no way. rises up from an empty grave. There ain't no sinner that he can't save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good thing is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. And let my Jesus change your life. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Who can wipe away the tears from broken dreams and wasted years and tell the past to disappear? Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus and all the wrong turns that you would go and undo if you could. He can work it all for your good. Let me tell you about my Jesus. He makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. There ain't no sinner that he can't save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he will do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. And let my Jesus change your life. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Amen. Who could take my cross to Calvary? Pay the price for all my guilty. Who would care that much about me? Let me tell you about my Jesus. Oh, he makes a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. There ain't no sinner that he can't save. Oh, let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you just what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. And let my Jesus change your life. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Oh, [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. He can make a way where there ain't no way. Rises up from an empty grave. There ain't no sinner that he can't save. Let me tell you about my Jesus. His love is strong and his grace is free. And the good news is I know that he can do for you what he's done for me. Let me tell you about my Jesus. And let my Jesus change your life. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let my Jesus change your life. [Music] Glory. Amen. Get Brother Jiren Brown to come and give us a special this morning. Amen. Amen. Let's give him a hand also for all the talent God's placed on this platform. Amen. Be a different service without them. And then just want to give you greetings from Hickory Bible Tabernacle. Brother Barry Coffee, our pastor. It's just so good to see you all once again. I'm just so encouraged to see all the youth. I see some new faces, but also see many that I saw at the last time we were here. Feels like just a month ago that we were here uh at the last service with brother John Andes. and we're just thankful to hear brother Aaron. Um, and we just uh just been so blessed by all the singing and the ministering of the word. So, I pray this song is a blessing to you. It's helped me many times through the years. [Music] So many times I've questioned the certain circumstances of things I could not understand. And many times in trials my weakness blurs my vision and my frustration gets so out of hand. But it's then I am reminded I've never been forsaken and I've never had to stand one test alone. Oh no. I look at all the victories. Then the spirit rises up in me. Cuz it's through the fire my weakness is made strong. Oh, he never promised that the cross would not get heavy or the hill would not be hard to climb. Oh no, he never offered high victories without fighting. But he said a help would always come in time. So just remember when you're standing in that valley of decision and the adversary say yes give in. Just hold on. Our Lord will show. Yes. And he will take you through the fire again. Listen now. I know within myself I would surely perish. Oh, but if I trust the hand of my God, he'll shield those flames again. [Music] Again. Wo. ever offer for the human beard to climb. He never offered or victories without fighting. But he said help would always come in town. Yes. when you're oh in that valley of decision and the adversary says give in just hold on our Lord will show yes and he will take you through the fire again. So just hold on. Our Lord will show. Oh, and he will take you through the fire again. Yes, he will again. [Music] Amen. Amen. We're going to have this huge sisters come and give us our final selection for the morning. Amen. Let's give them a hand. [Applause] [Music] That's my [Music] I will lift up my eyes to the hills from which cometh my help. My help cometh from the Lord. [Music] The Lord which made heaven and earth. He said he would not suffer thy foots thy foot to be moved. The Lord which keepeth thee, he will not slumber nor sleep. Oh, the Lord is thy keeper. The Lord is thy shame. Upon thy right hand, upon thy right hand. Oh, the sun shall not smite thee by day, nor the moon by night. He shall preserve thy soul, even forever more. My [Music] help. My help. All of my help coming from the Lord. [Music] They will lift up mine eyes to the hills from which cometh my help. My help cometh from the Lord. The Lord which made heaven and earth. He said he would not suffer thy foot thy foot to be moved. The Lord which keepeth thee. He will not s nor sleep. [Music] Oh the Lord is thy keeper. The Lord is thy shame [Music] upon thy right hand. Upon thy right hand. [Music] Oh the sun shall not smite thee thy day, nor the moon thy night. He shall preserve thy soul even forever more. [Music] All of my come. [Music] Oh, the Lord is thy keeper. The Lord is my thy right hand. Oh God shall not sight thee by day nor by night. He shall preserve the soul even forever more. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] I think it'd be all right to prostite a little bit. That's what I told Deborah. say, "You think it's bad if we post light?" I really appreciate them. Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord another hand. Amen. How many hearts and mind ready for the word this morning? Amen. Let us stand. Amen. Let's just worship the Lord a bit as we sing. The more that I surrender, the lighter my load. The more that I surrender, the lighter my load. The more that I release my care, the more he takes control. The more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. And every day I live. Lord, I love you more. As brother Aaron comes, let's sing. The more that I surrender, the lighter my load. The more that I release my care, the more he takes control. The more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. And every day I live. Lord, I love you more. Let's get the Lord a way offering. And it gets easier to understand the road I'm traveling down. No more wondering or wavering. I'm standing on solid ground. Now I know I'm headed to my future home. The voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. more that I surrender, Lord, the light of my load, more that I release my cares, the more you take control, the more that I humble myself. Lord, the more you lift me up, say in every day I live, Lord, I love you more. [Music] The problems I had on yesterday are mere stepping stones to a higher place. the trials that seem so awesome to me. And now my battle of victory. Now I know I'm headed to my home. Voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. The more that I surrender, Lord, the light of my Lord, the more that I release my cares. [Applause] The more you take control, the more that I humble myself, [Music] Lord, the more you take me. day and every day I live. Lord I love [Music] that I surrender the light of my Lord. Come on now. I release my release my [Music] Yes, Lord. You lift me up and every day I Lord, I love you more. Hallelujah. Wow. Wow. Wow. Somebody say it backwards. Amen. My, what a wonderful Sunday morning. What a wonderful time that we've had. It's just been splendid all the way around. The Lord has blessed magnificently. Every time I'm coming to the service, I'm praying, "All right, Lord, that was great, but I'm expecting even more." Amen. And how many are ready for the conclusion of the matter today? I thought last night was such profound material. So valuable, friends. You take that and you you leave take all of the material you're hearing and take it home with you. Ponder it. Think about it because I'm telling you, there's life in it. Brother Brandon one time puts his chair, his Bible on a chair and he starts walking around it. Tells us on tape. And he said, "As I was walking around, that Bible just sitting there open." He said, "I thought to myself, oh there." And he points and he said, "There's life in there." Oh, just get people to believe it. Just receive it. How many receive it today? Say, "His words are life to me." Hallelujah. Brother Jack, they let you in here with these teenagers. Praise the Lord. Y'all going to have to amen loud to keep up ahead of that fella. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. And so we're happy to have you all here in the house of God today. It's been a spectacular weekend. We always in no time just I heard brother Luther talking Friday or Saturday night. You know, it's it's it starts and it's on and then it's over. And uh aren't you aren't you glad for a world where nothing will be over? Oh my, I won't have to worry uh about time anymore and time and distance become relative. Wow, what a what an hour. I want to say how much I appreciate all of you senior youth who have come spent your money uh put gas in your car vehicles parents who made it helped you make it possible. You know, we're uh our our heart here has always we've always had a theme here that is that is dominant when it comes to our senior youth and all of our youth, even our little guys, that I care deeply, very deeply, anyone, any young person that knows me knows, Brother Jason cares very deeply uh about the youth. Amen. I've I tell my youth all the time, if all the adults leave me, if y'all stick with me, we'll still have church. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, I just want to thank you for coming. I want to invite you to our fall camp. That'll be coming up in the fall. Many of you uh indicated Friday night you had been to our first one last year. And boy, what a what a success that was. We just give all the glory to the Lord. And I want to thank all of my teams that made all this possible. Amen. Brother Matt heads these things up for us. But all anything to do with our our youth weekend and our youth camp, brother Jason Demars assist him very directly and and very closely. And then and then under that tier is hosts of of teams, teams for this and teams for that and teams for this and uh the camaraderie among those teams is astonishing to me. I just want to give them a hand this morning. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother Matthew, Brother Jason, your your labors are not in vain. And all you team members, God bless you richly. Well, we're ready for the word. I am so ready. Happy to have all the visitors. If I'd start naming even one name, I'd forget half of them. And I'm bad for that. My church laughs at me because I can have somebody right here looking at me. I'll go, "Where's so and so?" They're looking right at me. Amen. But we love the Lord. I appreciate all of the singing, all of the wonderful atmosphere, but most of all the word. Amen. Amen. That's what God is using to perfect his bride. That he he his promise is that it would be spirit and truth. Amen. And so we want the spirit to anoint the word and anoint your hearts. How many will say today, Lord, give me a hearing heart. Amen. Not just in my mind, my human nature, but in my heart. Lord, give me hearing hearts. Amen. Praise the Lord. Lead us in something, brother Tony, as we get ready to turn it over to brother. The more that I surrender, brother Aaron can comment. Amen. at this time. Lord, the light of my Lord. More that I release my hand. More that I release my control. Lord, how true. How true. More that I humble my that I can hle. Think about that. Glory. Lift me up. And every day I live, Lord, I love the more that I surrender. Now raise up those hands. I surrender all the Lord to my Lord. Lord, I release my release my take control. Lord, you take control. more than I humble myself. I can humble myself. Lord, more you lift me up. Every day I live, Lord, I love you more. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So happy to be together again this morning. It's been a wonderful privilege to be with you the last uh two nights and just a precious time together in fellowship with one another and then around the word. I trust you've really enjoyed yourself. You know, there's a lot of sacrifice that goes into uh meetings like this. You may think, oh, it's not a camp, but there's many times just as much preparation as you're not relying upon somebody else's facilities. And uh so there's just a lot of efforts that been put into this. And so we echo the sentiments of brother Jason and thanking all the teams and the support and the families that have opened up their homes to host visitors and you all the meal preparation, everything that's gone into this weekend. And a special thank you to brother Matthew and brother Jason Demars for the burden they carry and the labor they put in to see something like this happen. It's you don't notice it because they do it so well. And it's not until maybe something's not done right that we notice. But we just really want to express uh together with what brother Jason said, our personal gratitude uh for all that they've done. And we're grateful for the invitation that we had to be here. I believe it was brother Jason Demar that reached out to me and asked if we would come and speak uh this youth weekend. And since we had started a church in Phoenix, uh we've been saying no. We've been doing really really good at saying no. We've said no to them all. And but there was something about that this invitation that caught me off guard and because it was for young people um that was why I offered to pray about it and so I said I'll pray about it and then I just kept putting it off and putting it off and he gave me like a drop dead date like if you don't let me know by the end of the year we're moving on. So they they asked me last year to do this and uh it was that first beginning of the year that we just said yes, we'll come and it was immediately after I said yes, the Lord just put my put it in my heart what we're preaching this weekend and uh and so we're just grateful for that invitation. It's meant a lot to me and my family. And so we bring greetings to you from Arizona Believers Church in Phoenix, Arizona uh in September of 2020. We moved there the first week of September and held our first service. Um and uh we've been having full-time services there ever since then. And so we bring greetings to you from the believers there at Arizona Believers Church. There's many that you know uh that were at one time part of this fellowship here. The Alderson send their greetings. The Schuades, Sister Nicole Jackson, Brother John Failen specifically text me this weekend, please say hi to everybody for me. Uh, so I feel like we're family and um, if there's a sister church, I know that we have this real close relationship with your pastor and uh, him and his wife, Sister Debbie, have me a lot to Elizabeth and I. And so we just feel at home this morning. So glad that you're uh, we had this opportunity. And we have six of our own young people from our church here participating as uh, youth, senior youth. And so there's six of them that are here. Uh, and there's also, I think, 11 of us um, from Arizona Believers Church here. So, I don't know if we traveled the furthest to be here. Um, but we're all here. If you're from Arizona Believers Church, raise your hand. Get it up high. Preston, you might have to reach it up. So, we got I think I I think I've gained some converts cuz I've seen some faces I don't recognize raising. God bless you. Thank you so much for raising your hands and for choosing to be a part of our assembly in Phoenix. Got some new hands up. Amen. If you could turn in your Bibles to Exodus chapter 11. [Music] Exodus chapter 11 uh verse 1 and read to verse 7. I'll just begin reading Exodus 11 verse one. Read verse 7. And the Lord said unto Moses, "Yet will I bring one plague more upon Pharaoh and upon Egypt. Afterwards he will let you go hence. When he shall let you go, he shall surely thrust you out hence altogether. Speak now in the ears of the people, and let every man borrow of his neighbor, and every woman of her neighbor, jewels of silver and jewels of gold." And the Lord gave the people favor in the sight of Egyptians. Moreover, the man Moses was very great in the land of Egypt, in the sight of Pharaoh's servants, and in the sight of the people. And Moses said, "Thus sayeth the Lord, about midnight I will go out into the midst of, and all the firstborn in the land of Egypt shall die, from the firstborn of Pharaoh that siteth upon his throne, even under the firstborn of the maid servant that is behind the mill, and all the firstborn of beast. And there shall be great a great cry throughout all the land of Egypt, such as there was none like it, nor shall be like it anymore. But against any of the children of Israel shall not a dog move his tongue against man or beast, that ye may know how that the Lord doth put a difference between the Egyptians and Israel. Isn't that a remarkable sentence? But against any of the children of Israel shall not a dog move his tongue against man or beast, that ye may know how that the Lord doth put a difference between the Egyptians and Israel. Let's pray. Our gracious heavenly father, we just commit this time to you now, Lord, in the middle of the day after the a long weekend. I just trust that there's a readiness of mind to receive yet again from you. And Lord, I just purpose to follow in your way and to share the things that would be pertinent today. I commit myself to you, Lord. I know I have a lot of things maybe before me that are quickened and and inspired to me. But even now, Lord, I believe that you could just uh uh focus it even more, narrow it just so that it could hit the mark, Lord, and we could just leave it where you would want it to be. So, we commit all things to you now, Lord, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You can be seated. In case I forget, I do want to just say to the young people how much I appreciate your attentiveness and the pull that you have put on the word of God and just the blessing it is to the minister to experience that. And I expressed it last night and I do want to repeat it that I do sincerely love each one of you and have a great desire to help. If there's any way that we could ever be of help to you or service to you, just let us know. We've been reading from 1 Peter chapter 3:15. I think we did it Friday night, last night. But it says, "But sanctify the Lord God in your hearts and be ready always to give an answer to every man that askketh you a reason of the hope that is in you with meekness and fear." And so you're asked to give a reason or motivation of your hope or your purpose. So there's your reason and purpose kind of coming together, motive and objective. And an answer is a reasoned statement. As brother said, come with all the intelligence you've got. There's a a thought process. It's a contemplation. You you have an understanding. You have a reason. It's not just letting your mind go blank. And so you have a the question I even was pondering it this way of the reason that askketh you give an answer to every man that ask you a reason of the hope. What is what is your motivation for your objective? And so we have to have an answer to this. And so it it speaks to me to say that we must in our own lives have motive and objective. We must have reason and purpose. And this mirrors and matches uh God's nature as brother Bram said, God being a savior. It was necessary that he predestinated a man who would require salvation in order to give himself reason and purpose of being. So God even himself wants has a reason and purpose. He has a motivation and an objective. He has a something he's trying to accomplish. And so we mirror God in that sense that God has to have a reason to live. God has a reason to exist and likewise we will never truly achieve satisfaction or happiness until likewise we find our purpose and our reason in him. Reason is a motive or a cause for acting or thinking in a particular way. We may call it a motivation or our motive purpose is an object to be reached an intended result. So there's where motive and objective are coming together and we recognize brother Brandham emphasizes that quite often and how important it is. So God himself had reason and purpose of being, a reason to live, a reason to exist. And one thing that we hope that we have touched on and it's it's in your minds is how that Satan and society try to rob us of our sense of purpose, tries to take away from us, our rationale, our reasoning, our conviction, our contemplation, our emphasis on things that are important. And so we we kind of Friday night was a reason and it was dot dot dot and it was that way for a purpose just to kind of hold you that suspense. Then last night it was a reason to live. And so that was uh what we focused on. And it's the word, a reason to live. We're going to find that in the word. It's the word that's going to resolve your anxieties. Amen. There's a lot of things out there we may try to pursue to make sense of things, but at the end of the day, it's only going to be Christ that's going to resolve these anxieties. Amen. And we used a statement, brother Brandham in the church age book said, "We got to follow the leader of the li life. There's only one thing that's necessary and and flee to Christ and follow the leader of life." And he says, "We ought to take this Bible and cry, I believe what God has revealed in this book." Yes, I will obediently keep his commands. I hope for that which he has promised. Now, that's this is uh this could form the the backbone for a very lengthy series, right? Or at least a lengthy sermon if anybody's on board. But it this I believe what God has revealed in this book. That's a mouthful. And then I will obediently keep his commands. So there's this belief in what is written. It may it may almost in a sense be backwardlooking. Then I will obediently keep his commands. This is presently my my my conviction. But then I hope for that which he has promised. There's something forward-looking. I hope for that which is promised. And a hope is a in the Christian sense is a joyful and confident expectation. We're not talking about a hope so that is a carnal hope that is an enemy to faith, but a scriptural hope that is actually translated to faith in the Bible that there in one instance that this is a joyful and confident expectation. And so my sermon to this um wait hold on. My sermon this afternoon, it's 12:01. My sermon this afternoon, you blame that on the song service because I'm just now looking at my watch. We're just now starting at 12:01. And and my title today is a reason to live different. Amen. Amen. And my subtitle is distinguished faith. A reason to live different. Distinguished faith. Now, if I could speak maybe very relevantly to the young people uh about kind of what the and this may be more relevant to youth camps and when we go away and we have youth camps, we spend maybe a little bit longer time and have more services and it feels less like home meetings. But one of the most common outcomes or the most common products of youth meetings are youthful promises. We have uh Thank you parents. I appreciate that. We have youth meetings and the the most uh common maybe thing that is takes place afterwards is young people making promises and resolving certain things and and this is not a bad thing at all, but this is just in the enthusiasm of the weekend in the the cleanness that you feel as you've been washed from influences and you get around a different atmosphere and it starts bringing some clarity of mind. Yeah, you get away from school. You get away from work. You get away from worldly influences. You get away from your devices and the things that you can binge on, the things that you watch, and it kind of sanctifies your spirit. And all a sudden, this real desire for God, it starts to get freed up a little bit. You start thinking, "Yeah, this is this is right. This is the way that I want to live. And I I want to I want to make some changes when I get home." And so, what happens is we start to make many different resolutions about what we're going to do when we get back home, we get back to normal life. And it's I'm going to to do this and I'm going to do that and I'm going to take care of this and I'm going to take care of that. I'm going to stop doing this. I'm going to stop doing that. We got all sorts of plans as to how things are going to change and and I would say that there's no disparaging that making promises is not a bad thing. It's not wrong. But let's come back to the uh the point of this weekend is what's my reason? All right. What's my purpose? Because my motive and objective must be right. If I I may say I'm wanting to do this and my objective may be right, but the motive's not right. if the motivation is not right and brother says it's not going to work and that might seem awkward in the sense that well how can I be wrong to want to go clean my life up but I'll say this if you know that you ought to be doing something and you're just going to use your own mental fortitude and your own mental discipline and your own fleshly desire to somehow go and fulfill that you might be leaving out a very critical component to overcoming in this last age and it's that without him we are nothing amen sir And so our purpose then must be according to the word. We must have word desires when we go word objectives. Our objective must be according to the word. But then also our reason or our motivation must be by the word. Bible tells us both him in us to will and to do of his good pleasure. So we want it to be Christ in us willing to do the right thing but then also doing the right thing. So our motivation comes from the word. In Colossians 3 1 and2 it says if you then be risen with Christ seek those things which are above where Christ siteth on the right hand of God. So we are to seek those things which are above. That bringing that dichotomy between earthly things, fleshly things, carnal things and things that are spiritual. So we seek spiritual things. And he says verse two, set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth. to set your affection, to direct your mind on a thing, to seek those things which are before. You're going to seek after, you're going to strive for. This is something that's purposed in your heart. And I'm I'm speaking on this a reason to live different uh this morning and and wanting to use something that I could just uh emphasize to you that your faith can reach out and grab and say, I'm going to this is going to become my objective. I'm going to be seeking the right things. There's a lot of natural things that I got to take care of. There's a lot of natural things I got to do. I got to go to school. I maybe got need to get a job. I need to take care of this and take care of that. And you're going to have to do all those. But beyond that, there should be something that you're striving for, something that puts everything in perspective, something that motivates you. So, we want to set even this morning, I want to challenge you to take your affections, your ambitions, and your desires, and your wants, and set them on things above. Amen. Brother Van in the sermon thinking on our way and he's and he's asking somebody about kind of in a counseling he says I said when did that you start this he said about 20 years ago. I said where are you going? He said nowhere. I said then where did you come from? He said nowhere. I said how long do you expect to keep this up? He said oh I don't know what a conversation you know where are you going? Nowhere. And if you and if you don't know where you're going, any road will get you there. And he says, "Then where'd you come from?" "Nohere. How do you long how long do you expect to keep this up?" "Oh, I don't know." And brother says, "No ambitions." Why? And he and this is the part I I want you to catch here. He says, "Why the Christian ought to be the most ambitious person in the world." I think there may be a way that we could preach the the word, and it almost kind of beats us down to where we feel like we don't we shouldn't have any ambition. We shouldn't desire to achieve. And that's certainly not correct. He says Christians ought to be the most ambitious. A Christian ought to be the most ambitious person in the world. He says bring this glorious gospel of eternal life to a dying and perishing world. We should be up and at it right now. That's what we should be. We should be up and at it. We should be up and doing. And so our ambition isn't to figure out some way where we can all end up in Jackson, Wyoming on a in a ranch as a cult and isolating ourselves, but we know we all have and it would be a nice place to be, but uh but we all have obligations and responsibilities in this life. We have callings, we have uh occupations, we have education, we have extended family relationships, and God wants all of those to see the Christ that's in you. So, it's not a matter of withdrawing ourselves and becoming insular, but it's a matter of finding some bedrock, finding a face-to-face meeting with Christ and not being afraid to return back to the places we associate, not being afraid to go back to work, back to school, back among the people in our neighborhood and stand for the things of the gospel and be up and at the things of Christ. Brother Brandon in the sermon as the eagle stirs her nest. He said that's the way God builds his church for his eagllets. High above the ambitions of this world, she's got a high ambition not to please men, but to please God, she's built high and safe. Amen. High ambitions are safety. If you can seek those things which are above and set your affections on things above and not on the earth, that there's a safety in that. If I'm aiming for those things, if my objective is those things, he said, "This is a high ambition to please God, that's it's part of your being built high and safe." So, as you leave, going back and maybe so the the senior youth here and those here aren't necessarily leaving, but as we just return back uh to our regular lives, base your hope, as he says, I hope for that which he has promised. Based your hope and your expectation upon God's promise, not your own. Amen. Find something in the word of God. I'm going to set my affections on things above. Find something in the word of God to base your expectation upon. In Psalm 16:8-9, it says, "I have set the Lord always before me because he is at my right hand. I shall not be moved because he's at my right hand. Because he's by my side, because he's upholding me, I will not be moved." So, I've set the Lord always before me. You could do this in your heart. Lord, I don't even know what it looks like. I don't know what it means, but I want you to be before me. I want to be pursuing you. I I want I want to have you present in my life. I set the Lord always before me. Therefore, my heart is glad and my glory rejoiceth. My flesh also shall rest in hope. This is this is the the the the balm to a melancholy heart. This is the this is the the encouragement and the praise to somebody who's cast down. I'm going to put the Lord before me. He is my joy. He is my encouragement. He is my strength. And therefore, my heart will be glad. My glory will rejoice. And my flesh also shall rest in hope. It's eating soothes the spirit. Yeah. Setting the word before us. I'll set the Lord always before me. That's our goal. I'm looking to God to fulfill his word. This is this becomes part of my his promise becomes my purpose. And I can be confident in saying this and the Lord dealt with my heart maybe just through a number of uh uh years. Maybe it was part partly in ministry and just maturing and growing up a little bit that when I when I minister to young people, there's zero fear. I I'm not afraid that that you're going to fail. I'm not afraid that you're not going to get it. I'm not afraid uh that you know that so that somehow I got to get more aggressive in my tactic and I got to shake you and and scare you into something. And so if you if all of you testified this weekend and even at this very moment said, "Brother Aaron, I know you're preaching about the new birth, but none of us got it. We didn't really get it." I that wouldn't scare me one bit because I would just say, "Well, you're coming to it." And I did my part just to move you along and at least got you thinking about it and you you can tell me you don't have it. And I would say this that if you didn't get what you needed this weekend, and this is the point I want to make about my confidence. And then just keep seeking it because you're coming to it. Do not be discouraged whatsoever at all. If for some reason expectations weren't met or something didn't quite click, then you just purpose in your heart. I'm still coming to it. When I leave, I'm not going to look forward to the next youth camp. I'm going to look forward to Christ on Monday morning. I'm going to set the Lord always before me. I'm not worried about this camp or that camp or the next meeting. I need him before me right now. He's imminent. He's here. His promise is before me. And have this kind of confession. I may not have got what I needed, but I'm coming to what I need. I'm gonna get it. I'm going to receive it. And believe that 100%. As if anything, what you did this weekend is you declared yourself. And in doing so, when you declared yourself, you didn't that that that little baby laying there in the Nick ICU is completely unable to to say what it needs. It's not able to help itself. All it does is it does something that triggers the aid of heaven. does something to trigger the aid of those doctors and those nurses and everyone begins to give it what it needs. When you declared yourself last night, all of heaven has come to your rescue. And God is about you. He's near you. He's interested in you. And what you've done by declaring yourself is you've invited his help. So, you can leave with this confidence. Lord, I know that you're with me. I know you're walking beside me. And if I didn't get what I needed last night, then I'm still keeping my eyes on you and trusting you because I said help. And I know you're my help. Amen. Amen. Amen. In the message perseverant, brother Ram says, "Man of all ages that has had faith in what they're trying to achieve have been perseverant." No man can be perseverant unless first he knows what he's trying to achieve. So really, there's some tremendous components there that if you're going to achieve anything, you have to be persevering. But you can't be persevering until you know what you're trying to achieve. Right. That's right. We could drill in. You You got to be determined. You got to be purpose. You got to You got to be and you leave and go. I'm determined. I'm determined for what like I didn't we didn't we didn't talk about that, right? We didn't talk about what I should be be determined about. Well, you got you got to know what you're trying to achieve. This goes back to a reason. You got to have some faith has to have a reason. It has to have some reason. You can't just put your faith in a fence post. It's got to be it's got to be anchored in something. First, you must know what you're trying to achieve and then have faith that you're going to get what you're trying for. And that makes you persistent. Something that you know is real. He says faith is based that way. Faith is not based upon a myth and upon something that well just say go do this or do that on the words of some man. But faith takes its eternal resting place upon the word of the Lord, upon God's word which is the Bible. With this Bible in my hand, I believe what God has revealed in this book. I will obediently keep his commands and I hope for that which he has promised. But faith takes its eternal resting place upon the word of the Lord, upon God's word, which is the Bible. And I skipping a little bit here. He says nothing's going to stop a man when he's perseverant. When he knows what he is doing and got faith in what he's trying to achieve. Amen. Uh let there be some let your faith reach out upon some promise today that you can look to and say this is this is my deliberation. This is what I'm contemplating. This is what I'm coming to. This is what I'm putting my faith on. And I'm going to be perseverant to that. Yeah. I hope for that which he has promised. Now I want to u I hope that kind of can form some foundation there. I know it may be there's a lot there that would be worthy to expound upon and and and we'll just I hope that that can be uh concrete to you to now that you think that I I can make that relevant even if we just stopped maybe at this moment and uh and they were asking me I think the kids are asking me what we're having later and I just by faith claimed shrimp and grits. Is that by chance a possibility? I can make it happen. We can make it happen. I like to hear that. Can you get the old Mama Jeans recipe? Woo. That was a good shrimp and grizz. Where are we right now? Okay, great. Let's get back. I hope that that's something that that can be useful. Even if we just left it on that or even if we just kept mentioning that over and over again, it could be useful. But now I want to take a step further in this because I believe there's something that is very important for our our our paradigm and what we're how we view things. I hope for that which he has promised. We have to be we have to be oriented on the promise for our day. And the promised hope of this hour is a rapture. That that's the promised hope for this hour. So the rapture must be in view and it must become part of our objective. And if you look back even in Paul's day, and I think they're going to maybe be reading a statement I if I kept some of these scriptures in there, where Paul spoke as if these things and the believers spoke as if these things are very imminent. So this is part of the success of a Christian life is you're not just living for what's immediately in front of you, but you're living out into something that's in the future. Amen. Brother Bham tells the story about the young man who won the the I think it the in the contest. It was a Schwin bicycle contest and I had all these excellent riders that had these really, really good bikes and whoever got to the other side was going to win this big prize of a bike. And all these skilled riders tried to ride across this narrow thing without falling down. And they all fell down, but then just some kid with no skill and not even a good bike was able to get to the other side. And they all they asked him, "How in the world did you get to the other side?" He said, "I just set my eyes to the end and I just kept looking at the end and I held that steady." Amen. And that's what if and if I just got you thinking about tomorrow, if I just got you thinking about this afternoon, if I got you thinking about your the choice where you're going to go to college and where you might be get your degree in and who you're going to marry, there's more anxiety would be cropping up right now. A and we could say, "Whatever you do, don't get the wrong one. If you marry the wrong one, it's going to be hell on earth." And and whatever you do, don't make a mistake. And whatever you don't go to college where there's not a church and all you do is get more anxious, more anxious, more anxious, more anxious. I could talk to you about the future of this and the future of that. And there's going to come a day when all of us are going to be sitting in our rooms with VR headsets on and all the work's going to be done in India and you're going to be like what are we going to do? What are we what are we doing? Could talk about supply chain issues and everything else and all it would do is create anxiety. So a believer can't just think about this week, the next week and can't even think about the next month and the next year. We've got to have our eyes on the end. [Applause] Amen. Lord the word for today is not a word of reformation. Certainly not a word of uh um confirmation where we're just conforming ourselves to the image of the pastor, the image of the church, the image of the message. As a matter of fact, there's been too much culture building. That's good. But the message of this hour is for the purpose of translation. Amen. And if I could just share in my heart maybe kind of what was in the one thing I felt was going to be accomplished through these services and the way that the emphasis is there going to be a little bit of a reset of our focus that at the very least maybe something could happen just kind of checks you a little bit and you start thinking well all right I'm thinking about this a little bit differently now I I'm pondering these things and we start to recalibrate our motive we start to rethink what our objectives are we start asking ourselves do I have a re am I living with purpose am Am I living a meaningful life? Am I am I am I pursuing things that are that are real and going to have weight? Yes, sir. And so, we're wanting to look forward. Brother Bam says in the message, "Shalom, we're not we're not going to have a rearview mirror affair." A rearview mirror only looks back and sees where you have been. Young people, you're young, so you haven't lived a long life. Uh and and so maybe you don't have a lot of regrets and or maybe you don't have a lot of things you can brag about. Uh, and brother Tim Dodd was sharing a testimony how cute it is when his 2-year-old girl sings, "All my life you have been faithful." Just belts it out. It's like, "Yeah, okay. Even if it's just two years, he's been faithful." And and so that we can we can even now look back. We can look back with regret. We can look back with some sort of hope. You show me where I've done something good. Show me what has meaning. But we're not to look back. Even from this moment on, you should declare to yourself, your past does not define who you are. Your future defines who you are. We're the we're the only class of people where our future is a memory. Where where we're going and what we're headed to and what we have to look forward to is something is already set and established and permanent and real. And so it's our future that means more to us than our past. And we're looking forward, but it says we are looking forward to see where we are going. Don't look back, but look forward. Yes. Hallelujah. So this is my So then if this is the promise of the hour is a rapture. This is what begins to orient us on a reason to live different. This is why our faith in this hour is distinguished faith. Different is means not the same. Dissimilar in nature or quality. To be different is to set apart. And to be dissimilar in nature or quality doesn't mean to be entirely different. But it's just there is some difference. But when Paul says when I prophesy in part, I know in part, but when that which is perfect is come, which Brother Bam identified as an end time prophecy which is fulfilled at the open of the word, we do have today that which is perfect. The divine the perfect word by divine interpretation, we have that today. And Paul says that which is part is done away with. Now what some people think that means is you take the parts and trash them. But the parts are assumed into the whole. Correct? So now the parts are made perfect and complete. They have their purpose. They see their meaning. That they really mean something now because they've all worked to this perfect picture. So the parts are part of the perfection. And so when we say that we have a different faith, it doesn't mean it is completely and entirely different than what has been. But it is the perfection of what was they without us could not be made perfect. So if we we bring the perfection, then if they without us could not be perfect, then the inverse is true as well. Where's the capstone without the rest? It need it. It's they join together and unite. There's this mutual dependency where no one's looking down at the other person. Nobody's pointing fingers. But now when that which is perfect has come. The parts are assumed into the whole and it makes up one great big body of the Lord Jesus Christ for us to go in the rapture. Very good. But this difference it means there is something different in nature quality and in spiritual food and due season. And I found myself kind of getting lost in this last week of wanting to just read all the statements that Brother Man makes that zeros in on this particular thought, but this is probably the one that's the most uh well known. He says, "I want you to get built up now in the holy oracles of God in the faith." And he says, "The faith of this hour." Amen. The faith. It's going to take more faith than ever was in any age. For this has to be rapturing faith be taken up. So he uses that phrase, a rapturing grace, a rapturing faith. and and that the church doesn't have it yet and we don't have what it's going to take but it's going to take something a manifestation of God to stir the bride something that's going to be revealed and give the bride rapture faith going to get the bride together for rapturing faith why it was a need in this hour and God will give it and reveal it when you have need of it so it's coming to this time in this moment where this is the faith that we must have he says it's a rapturing faith and it's more faith if I could say a different faith than there's been in any age for this is has to be rapturing faith to be taken up and so we want you to believe tonight and and notice how beautiful this is in all that you have seen and heard, the word that you have heard preached, the signs and wonders that you have seen done. So now there's a momentum to everything that's been done. There's no disparaging it. There's no, oh, there was nothing to it. There's no, oh, we're so different. We we want to disassociate ourselves from. No, when we come to rapture faith, it's the product of what has been. Even when you look at the ministry of brother Brandham and from 47 to 63, I know there's always a um this debate and maybe sometimes we joke about it like when did brother Brandham say it? Was it before 63 or after 63? And for a number of years I I' I've been saying well the year in which he was a prophet is when he said it. And that kind of always, you know, kind of puts an end to that. But when you if you think of it in terms of 47 to 63, uh there's no there's nothing wasted in this because these were the years of preparation and groundwork for the capstone to settle upon. This these were the things that would that are are key to the blending and the union of the present Christ with the individual. The union of of that seventh seal which is Christ and the bride in this age. This is the union. these things that he preached beforehand were critical to come to that place. And so he's saying, "Let everything that's been said and preached," he says, "and all the signs and wonders you've seen." I love it how he says this, "We want you to accumulate all that together in your heart and consider it whether it be of God or not. Let everything that's been done accumulate in your heart. young people, even at your tender age, whatever God has done for you in your life through the prior uh youth weekend last year, the subsequent youth camp that came, even this youth weekend and all the other camps we have the privilege of being a part of and the special meetings and services and the times that God moves and all the testimonies we have. Let it accumulate in your heart. Let it build momentum. Let let it be increasing and growing because in this hour, we've got to have a greater faith. Amen. Got to have a supreme faith. Amen. a distinguished faith. And that's what we recognize here in Exodus 11. We'll start with verse four. And Moses said, "Thus sayeth the Lord, about midnight will I go out into the midst of Egypt, and all the firstborn in the land of Egypt shall die. From the firstborn of Pharaoh that siteth upon his throne, even unto the firstborn of the maid servants that is behind the mill, and all the firstborn of the beast, and there shall be a great cry throughout all the land, such as there not was none like it, nor shall be like it anymore." Death. Brother said, "The last plague that hits the earth is spiritual death. Amen. And there is a there's a spiritual death that the the whole world is going to succumb to, but it's the one thing the bride's immune to is spiritual death. That's the only plague we have to worry uh that we that's the one plague we don't have to worry about because we're not we we can't be touched by it. But in this there is a type of just death itself. And so in this moment where in God said that you are surely going to go out hence altogether. you're going to be thrust out. I'm going to bring this one plague and afterwards he will let you go. So, it's this plague now that's going to bring death upon every other household. Death is going to visit Egypt. But God wants to in this in this he wants to do something. And he says in verse 7, "But against any of the children of Israel shall not a dog move his tongue against man or beast." There's going to be no reproach, no offense, nothing taken from, no intimidation, nothing to fear astra. And so I'm going to preserve you holy. I'm going to distinguish you from everyone else. I'm going to protect you. I'm going to uphold you. I'm going to preserve you. I'm going to keep you from this this imminent death. Why? Why are you going to do that ye may know how that the Lord doth put a difference between the Egyptians and Israel? God wanted to put a difference between Israel and everyone else. That's right. And God, the same God today in this third Exodus desires to put a difference between the bride and the world. I going to put a difference. Those who are not going to succumb to death, he's saying here in Exodus, I want them to know that there's a difference between the Egyptians and Israel. And in this third Exodus, once again, there is a difference that God wants to put between you and the world. Amen. Difference. When he says, "I lord uh put a difference in the Hebrew means to be distinct and marked out to be separated." It means to be distinguished. And when something is distinguished, even in our vernacular and even the more uh modern etmology of this word, distinguished means to separate from others by superior abilities. When a distinguished person, a distinguished gentleman, someone distinguished is someone who is separated by superior character or superior achievements. Re said the faith in this hour is going to have to be more than there was in any other age. It's going to be a superior faith. So something in character and achievement. Many different scriptures we could use how the many women have done virtuously but thou excelst them all. How expounded a a more excellent way in the scripture. And unless your righteousness exceed the righteousness of the scribes and Pharisees, you'll find that there's a principle of something's good and something can be better, and then something can be the best. Amen. Right. Amen. An excellent way, a more excellent way. That that there can be a a virtuous but an excelling them all. And Hebrews 11:4 says, "By faith, Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain." Maybe it could be said that Cain had an excellent sacrifice, but excellent sacrifice wasn't what was needed. A more excellent sacrifice is what was needed. He offered a more excellent, it means greater in quality. It means superior. He offered a superior sacrifice than Cain. And it was by faith that he did it. So he had a superior revelation which brought about a superior manifestation. He had a superior faith. So it brought a superior sacrifice. A superior revelation brought brought something that was superior. It was distinguished from Cain. Amen. So we've got to have a different faith in this hour. That's right. Brother Bam was talking about this isn't Pentecost. This isn't that. This isn't this. He said this is for the bride going home of the bride. What we've received in this hour is for the bride. It's for the bride's going home. He says we got something different. It's important. I know this might just be rehearsing some cliches to you, but these things are real. And if they've kind of lost their distinction through repetition, let it kind of let the Lord just come and reset your mind so you can hear how clear this is and you can say shibth to it. You can actually hear what's being said that we have something different. Amen. And the message Balman Gilead and and I think this will kind of bring it down to relevancy for us. He says the one thing that we have to move up to now is a supreme faith to what we have had. Again, this is in harmony with brother Brandham in his prophetic vision to see that we've got to come to this capstone. We've got to come to this climax. We're in this age and this time that his coming will be in. So, there's got to be a rapturing faith. And so, he calls it that what we have to move up into is a supreme faith. He says, "Then what we've had." Yeah. And he makes the statement maybe in other places and I'm just not recalling the word. So this is just clearly my um summation of it that we can hardly have enough faith for a toothache. But we're going to have to have faith to change our bodies. A and so it's kind of put in that vein that you he says in one place, you will have to have power to change your body. Listen, it's not brother Brandon will have the power to change our bodies and we're all just going to kind of get in the line. A and and he's going to sprinkle fairy dust on us and we're going to change into a new body. No, you're going to have to have faith. You're going to have to have the power to change your body. Amen. And so he says, "And you cannot have that faith, supreme faith, until you know perfectly what you are doing." All right, that kind of makes it a little I mean that that uh that could be a little bit discouraging to know perfectly what you're doing. I mean, we can go to school for 12 years and get out and still not per know perfectly what we're doing. I mean, just think about the doctors. Just I think there's some uh doctors in the church and maybe some PAs and what do they call what they do? Practice. I mean, at least I'm just drafting a contract. It's not like I'm performing a surgery. I mean, I can practice on a will, right? What's the worst thing? I'm sorry you lost your house, right? But I mean, they're practicing and they've been in school for all this time. We're talking about practice. I know it has a different meaning, but you cannot have that faith until you know perfectly what you were doing. Now stay with me here. When you with me here, when you understand, he goes like you walk. Okay, now that's different. He says, you just say, well, I'm going home. I'm going out and going to start the car. That's all an act of faith. Tomorrow I'll meet you at a certain place. That's all an act of faith. Now, catch this, young people. This is what I want you to get into this this mode because you've just done it so much because it's a regular routine with you. Remember how we read a moment ago, brother says, just let it all accumulate together in your heart. So, we're wanting things, we're wanting these things to accumulate. He says, when you go walk home, he says, you've just done it so much, it's a regular routine. Well, that's the way the things of God are. I I'm wanting to introduce a new routine to you. Not in a bad way, but in a positive good way. That's the way the things of God are. after you've trusted him and watched him do so many things until it becomes just like a regular routine. Yeah. And that's the condition I think the church will be in just before the coming of the Lord. Listen, so the rapture will just go right on that way. Wow. I know we can get in our minds that I know I know the rapture is going to be on Saturday night in Dry Creek, Louisiana. Right. We just know that's where we're going to all have to get there one day. And that's where it's going to happen because that's the dynamic. That's the power. That's the move. That's the That's the one that really gets us. But he's saying, "No, it's going to it's going to happen. The rapture will go on right that way." He says, "It'll just be a regular routine of following the scriptures and the plans of God." The rapture is going to come to pass in your life as you follow the regular routine of following the scriptures and the plans of God. How is the rapture going to be relevant in your life? How are you going to achieve a rapture in your life? I've got to get in the regular routine of following God. I've got to follow the plan of God for my life, not somebody else's plan, but the plan of God for my life. And that's where this change is going to come. [Applause] And that's the mystery of supreme faith. That's right. Amen. Just the regular routine of following the scriptures. You can you and I I I can say this because having grown up in Texas so near and some of my precious memories in my youth of being of the of Louisiana youth camp, that's that's where births take place. I can remember I I remember different ones. That's where they're first introduced to the supernatural. And you want that accum to accumulate in your heart. Yeah, you want that to be added in your to your faith bank to say, "Now look at how God can meet me there." And then we don't get in this cycle of the uh the the cycle of camp meeting cramps and that cycle brother talks about to where we're just moving from one meeting to the next, one meeting to the next. We want to get into the regular routine of the scripture day by day by day. What can get me in that pattern is things like this weekend, things like the camps we have. It wants to usher us into a different flow and we start to move within the regular routine of the scriptures because that's supreme faith. Supreme faith is evident in these daily acts after you trust him and washed and do so many things till it becomes regular routine and that's how the rapture will go. A regular routine of following the scriptures in the plan of God. No religious routine, not a routine of going to church, not tradition or impersonation, but the regular routine of following the scriptures. Amen. finding the heartbeat of God, the purpose of God, and then walking in its rhythm. Brother Bram says, "And does God change his mind?" Enoch had enough faith that he didn't have to die. He just took an afternoon stroll and got tired here on earth and just walked on up to heaven. Yeah, that that's what we've got to do. We got to get sick and tired of this world. And really, a true perfect revelation of justification is what's going to produce the rapture. Because when you realize, as brother Ram said, invisible union, I don't have to die for that sin. He says, I certainly like to have faith like that. Enoch had enough faith not to die. He just took a walk, got sick of this earth, walked up. He says, I would certainly like to have faith like that, but I hope that we do get that faith someday. Amen. So, this is an objective. This is a goal as we grow on into him. So, we will get that faith as we grow. Yes, as we grow on into him. So, this is the this is where I'm wanting to bring this distinguished faith. It's a rapturing faith. It's a faith that has its eyes. It's a supreme faith that's looking out into the future. Saying, I want to get into this regular routine of the scripture. Not just so that I can be a good message believer, not just so I can make my parents happy. Not so that I can be a deacon one day or I could be a preacher. We could get everything in order in church order. Everything that's being done in churches and in family in this hour is for the purpose of a rapture. Our family autos must be rapture or bust. Our church motto is rapture or bust. We are not trying to leave a legacy of a church. We're not trying to leave a leave a legacy of a ministry. We're trying to lead. Period. This message by default is a rapture message. And so this is our distinguished faith. This is our this is our difference. Now in John chapter 14:es 1-3 he says let not your heart be troubled that's inward commotion that's the chaos of the mind really I hope you can relate to this is to be restless let not your heart be troubled don't be anxious struck with fear this dread some of us can experience this for no known reason we just feel anxious and we feel uh uh we we feel it physically we're gripped the loss of appetite and the the fear the or boating. You're just constantly looking over your shoulder. You think something's going to catch you. He's saying, "Don't let your heart be troubled, chaos of mind, restlessness. It's an anxiety, a feeling of worry or nervousness." And and typically this fear, which says, "Let not your heart be troubled." The word he's using is typically about some imminent event or something with some uncertain outcome to let not your heart be troubled. It's excessive apprehension. And it's these apprehensions and these anxieties that result in compulsive compulsive behaviors that cause us to do things in a nature that hurts ourselves or harms ourselves or we try to numb ourselves. There's ways it it's even this uh excessive apprehension that leads to panic attacks. Yes. Amen. And so when he says let not your heart be troubled, this is quite a statement. And he says ye believe in God believe also in me. And so there has to be even some zero in over faith. We're not just believing in a divine. We're not just believing in the deity. We're not just believing in something greater, but we're leaving in a God who has a purpose and an intent. And then he says this, and this is directly connected to his desire to ease their anxiety. In my father's house are many mansions. These are bodies. If it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and receive you unto myself, that where I am, there you may be also. I don't know if you caught Christ's prescription for anxiety. He has a prescription for it. He wants to prescribe you something that you can take that'll remedy and ease your anxiety. And his remedy for anxiety, his remedy for mental distress was to begin to talk to them about the future. to begin to get their hopes and set their affections on something beyond what was immediately in front of them. Let not your hearts be troubled. Don't be anxious about this life. Don't be uh so bowed down and concerned about what even awaits you with in these imminent days. But know that there in my father's house are many mansions and I'm going to go and prepare a place that where I am you may be also. And I'm going to come again to receive you. So, it caused them to kind of just leap over all the trials of this life and realize that just beyond this, there's a place that's prepared. Just beyond this life that we see now, there's a new body. Beyond this flesh that gets hurted, hurt and pained and broken a and and bowed down. That just beyond this, there's a perfect body. Just beyond tomorrow, there there's going to be a future. There's an eternity. Just beyond the seven days of this week, there's going to be an eighth day, an eternal day that'll never end. Amen. Hallelujah. And brother Brandham says he was telling them that after death there is life and this is in things that are to be because I go and prepare a place that is to receive them. Shows that there he's speaking to them that there was a life after this life is ended. And he says what a consolation that ought to give us all. To know that after this life is over there is a life that we go into. Amen. This is the consolation. Maybe you want there to be some sort of prophecy over your life that you'll you will get that degree that you're so hungry for. You will get that coding job that'll be six figures. You will that that uh altcoin that you've put all your savings in is going to take off and you're going to make millions of dollars and this downward trend of all the cryptocurrency and all the stocks, that ETF you put all in on, it's not going to be down 100%. You're going to get it all back. And that's what we're waiting. You're wanting me to prognosticate that there's signs are looking up for the oil, signs up looking good for this stock, and it's looking good for Bitcoin. everything's going to steady itself out. No, our promises aren't in that. Our hope isn't in that. The consolation isn't the turn of economic events. The consolation isn't that we'll finally get a Republican back in the presidency. None of that's going to console anything. Our consolation is I've gone to prepare a place for you. And that's your place, too. It's for the going home of the bride. This world is not my home. I have an eternal destiny. Amen. When this life is over, there's a life that we go into. That's the consolation. Paul writes in 2 Corinthians 5:1, "For we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were dissolved, we have a building of God, a house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens." Amen. Amen. It was eternal in the heavens. So if it was, they say that's where we're going. But if it was eternal in the heavens, that's where we were. And let's just do the math. If I was if I was perfect then and I'll be perfect. If I was perfect back there and I'll be perfect over here. You're perfect now. Amen. This is the real hope. That's right. Amen. This must be part of our reason and purpose of being. This has to be part of your goal. I I there's and I I want to emphasize this to you young people. I know it might seem kind of lofty or brother, this would be better for a ministers meeting. No, we only get together as ministers so that we can be encouraging one another to minister to the bride. We are servants to the bride. You are the objective. You're the goal. It's your faith that is that issue. Not our reputations, not our testimonies, not our resumes. Amen. Amen. This has got to be your goal. Notice how it says in Colossians 1:5, for the hope which is laid up for you in heaven. So this hope which is laid up for you in heaven, this is your expectation. This is your confident joy. Your he says it's laid up for you in heaven. And he says, "Whereof have you heard before in the word of truth of the gospel." What inspires your hope? The word. So you have a hope laid up for you in heaven. You have a hope that has been quicken and birth. Even what the baptism of the Holy Ghost is, what is it? An earnest. It's the guarantee of full redemption. Amen. So even the seal of God, I sealed. I'm sealed and I've made it. No. No. That's just a reminder. Yeah. That's the down payment of the fullness of redemption that's given to you to give you this confidence that you are going to come up in a resurrection and that if you're alive and remaining, you will not taste death, but you'll be changed in a moment, in a twinkle of an eye. That's what the seal of God is for. That's what the Holy Ghost is for. It's for the rapture of the bride and the resurrection of all saints. Amen. He says, "So that when you have this hope by the word, the word is what spires our hopes. confident hope. The the way the scripture strikes me is the the word of God is preached and we know that we have a hope in heaven. So this confident hope that we have is born from experiencing heavenly things. Amen. This confident hope is born by experiencing what heaven holds for us. These services is a taste of eternity. The move of God, divine healing is what? A type of the change of our body. Everything that God can do in the natural, in the spiritual sense, of healing us and delivering us and quickening things to us, has got to get our minds thinking an eternal way, there's a heaven to come. There's an eternity to come. Everything he's doing ought to be reminding us that heaven awaits us. This is what heaven holds for us. God. So, when brother Brand's preaching things that are to be, he said, I want to preach, he refers to, he says, I think as Christians, we kind of ought to be notified ahead of time. Amen. He says, "So we're notified what our destination will be." Now, have you ever thought about why he told us what the things that are to be, the reason for it? And because one one thing that's remarkable, I'll share this and this this may this may put push lunch off a little bit. So pull as hard as you can because I'll I'll say it, but I'll just go faster the harder you pull. And the world, what has been makes you what you are. you are today in from a worldly sense a product of your your nature from your parents and the nurture from the environment that you're raised in. And so if you want to understand somebody, you begin to look back in terms of what has happened. And either that's a approach when you're trying to figure out why someone is a certain way. You ask them, "What's happened to you? What have you been through? What have you experienced?" Because it'll give you context for the way they're thinking and acting in the present. That's the world. For the bride and the children, it's the complete opposite. Right? Right? The things that are to be change things now that it's not your past that has defined you, but it's what you're going to be that defines you. It works in the inverse where it's like what I'm going to be is imposing itself on who I am now. And what I'm going to be in the future is work into my life to change who I am now. So that it interrupts what has been. And now as I go forward, I'm not a reflection and a accumulation of what has happened in the natural, but I am a manifestation of what will be in the supernatural. And the things that will be have changed the things that are. So he says we ought we are notified of how what our destination will be. Now why does he tell us what our destination will be? Because destination determines preparation. Amen. Amen. If you ever say we're going to go on a vacation, we want let's check the weather, right? When we we want to know where we're where we're traveling to because based upon where we're going, we pack and we prepare based on where we're going. You don't you don't pack based upon the point of departure. Amen. Amen. That's right. If you're going to go skiing, you don't take Buford weather and pack your bags and dress and get all ready to go skiing. Uh uh uh and then fly out to Aspen and then you're you're caught up in the cold and like, "Oh, I should have planned better. Should have thought more about where I was going." So, when you know where you're going and you're notified ahead of time of what your destination will be, you begin to prepare yourself and get yourself ready for the destination. You can go to the airport in some of these colder climates and you could be there in Edmonton in the dead of winter in June and you could be there uh uh at the airport and you're all bundled up and you're cold. The coldest winter I ever spent was a summer in Grand Prairie, Alberta and and and you're you're there in the airport and you're all bundled up and you've even made it through security. and you still got all your layers on and it's in the dead of winter and you look over there and there's some guy in a Hawaiian shirt and sandals in the dead of winter in Edmonton. It has a check stub from his northern living allowance that he just collected made it down to Edmonton and he's completely dressed for the tropics and he why in the world is this guy dressed this way? Because of where he's going, not because of where he came from and where he is. He dressed the for to prepare himself for where he's going. I hope you're catching the revelation, young people. Where you're going is a holy place. Where you're going is a pure place. Where you're going is a happy place. So, I'm gonna prepare myself for where I'm going. You prepare based upon what will be. Amen. Brother says, "Every man that has the spiritual revealed truth of the will of God makes preparation for the fulfilling." Amen. If you've had a spiritual revealed truth of the will of God, you make preparation for the fulfilling. You're living to leave. That's what this is all about. I I'm not I'm not living I'm not living for a funeral. I I'm not living for accolades. You know, there's something to be written on my gravestone. I I I'm living for a rapture. I could say this that as a husband that if I can live with a rapture in view, I can have a testimony of a good husband. If I live as a father with the rapture in view and I can commit myself to that and I could prepare myself based upon my destiny and not my family history and not my DNA and not what has been. Listen, a lot of us use the excuse of trauma to continue to act and live the way that we're living. And I'll say this, your trauma explains why you are the way you are. It is not an excuse to stay the way you are because there'll be no trauma there. Thank God there'll be no drama there. And we're going to a place that's pure, that's clean, that's holy. And if I could prepare myself for that destiny, then I know I'll be the right kind of father to my children. Hallelujah. Powerful. Amen. I am believing. So, I will be leaving. All right. Amen. That's right. Because I've had a spiritual revealed truth of the will of God and I'm making preparation for the fulfillment. And the message hearing and receiving acting. This was what crystallized this entire thought. A reason to live different. Brother says the believer has something to live for. We ought to live like it. Reaching every day for everything that we can get a hold of from God. Leaving the world behind. Burning your ships every day. Burning the track behind you. Keep on moving. Reaching. Pulling. Seeking. Hungering. Thirsting for God. Amen. He says, "Be real fanatically about it." That's right. Just move on. That's right. I remember when brother Sammy Kenzer, the first time I ever met him, and um I'd went up to preach with brother or I didn't preach. I don't even know if I was a preacher then. We went with Brother Juwel up to uh Gayelax, Virginia, and he preached a Sunday evening service. I'll never forget after he was done preaching, he carried like a bath towel from a Hampton Inn or something at his hanky. And uh and I remember after he was done preaching, he went in the back and changed into a t-shirt that said statue of a perfect man. And and he must have got it when he was a teenager and he was like the statue of a perfect man. And I'll never forget I was like, "Yes, that's the confession right there. That's we're believing in a statue of a perfect man." And and brother Sammy met me after service. He said, "God bless you, but son, you know, what's your name?" Was talking to him and he looked at me. He said, "Don't ever let anybody's take your fire away. Don't ever." He said, "Don't let any of these ministers, any of these men, don't let any of these old men try to take your fire away." And I experienced it time and time again, the envy and the jealousy and and the animosity that others can have towards fire. And I say, young people, don't ever let the the world or man take your fire away. If as as as brother Jason has for decades labored a and and you see the work of God and the tremendous work of God that is taking place here and then other ministries coming behind him. If for some reason that this would terry the greatest privilege we could have even as generations brother Jason myself brother Matthew brother Jason de Mars as we almost kind of stairstepped down if God's to the greatest privilege we could have is taking you as a generation and pushing you further than we are. The greatest privilege we could have would just be launching you into greater depth than we've experienced. Lifting you up higher than we were lifted. We would take greater joy in seeing your revelation exceed ours. Your ferveny exceed ours. Your joy exceed ours. The power of God be excessive in your life. I'd rather see you be more fanatical than me than to see your fires go out. Preaching, pulling, seeking, hungering. Be fanatic about it. He said, just move on. A fanatic is an overenthused person. He says, I'm really a fanatic. I'm overenthused about my Lord. How did he ever save me? How do you ever give me the Holy Ghost? Why do you ever let me preach? How do you ever let me love people and people love me? Oh, I'm so thrilled over him. I just keep reaching with all that's in me. Stretching my skin to try to get him. Just moving with everything that I've got. He's already got the Holy Ghost. And what is he doing? Reaching with all that's in him. Stretching my skin to try to get to him. Just moving with everything I've got. That's what we should do. He says, "It reminds me of the story I heard some time ago. Bunch of American artists went down into Rome to study art." Skipping some commentary about Americans. He says, "These artists, a bunch of artists, went to Rome to study art. All them go out at night time. Most of them get on a big drunk. Boys and girls lay out together just as some these modern Americans do. And these people would go out and drink and carry on. But one young man, they noticed that young man, he didn't carry on like that. He lived clean. At night time, he'd come home and went to bed. Lived like a gentleman should live. And one day, the old caretaker said, "I'd like to take a walk with you, son." He said, "All right, young fella. You come over here with a bunch of Americans, didn't you? Yes, sir, I did. I want to ask you something. All right. Why is it that you don't go out and drink and carry on and lay out with the girls and things and all through the night and come in the next morning the way they do? He said, he stopped, put his arm around the old man. He said, "You see the sun that's setting yonder in the west?" Yes, sir, I do. Beyond that setting of the sun, there's a certain state in New England. In that certain state is a certain city. In that certain city is a certain house. And in that certain house is a girl. And that girl, I vowed before I came here to be true to her when I return. And we're going to be married. She made a vow to me a promise. Therefore, sir, all my attention is attracted as far as it comes to women, towards the girl at that place. Amen. I live today for the tomorrow to come. And brother says, what a testimony. What a Christian can say, why don't you smoke? Why don't you have a little fun? Why don't you do this like the rest of them are doing? Oh, you can say beyond a certain store there's a certain city and that certain city is a certain person. Oh, I live for him who died for me and some days he coming. I live for that life that is to come. Oh, I would that there could be a revelation today to you young people that you're living this life for the one that is to come. All your decisions, all your breath, all your ambitions, all your struggles, all your trials, everything you've ever been through, it'll make sense over there. Hallelujah. Every sacrifice, every no, every restraint, everything you do, it'll make sense in that eternal life. Hallelujah. I live today for the tomorrow to come. I'm going to be pro proactive. I'll make sacrifices now. I'll say no now. I will assue the things of the world now. I won't enjoy the pleasures of sin for a season because I know my payoff is coming. I live for that life that is to come. Yes, sir. Paul said, "If in this life only," 1 Corinthians 15:19, "if in this life only we have hope in Christ." This is Paul saying this for all every believer. If our hope is only in this life in Christ, if our hope in Christ is only related to this world and what he can bring, he he can bring divine healing. He can bring joy. He can bring peace. He can bring satisfaction. He can bring deliverance of drugs and alcohol and all sort of things. But if in this life only we have hope in Christ, we are of all men most miserable. Isn't that a remarkable statement? Yes. If in this life only we have hope in Christ, we are of all men most miserable. The lack of a future produces present misery. No matter what's happening now through Christ, if it was only the promise of this life, he said, then we are miserable. Of all men most miserable. Brother said, I'd be a miserable person tonight if I looked around now and seen what was going on. But I'm looking for him, the author and finisher of the faith. Amen. Said, "I'd be discouraged tonight if it wasn't for that. I'm watching the end. Just keeping steady. Move on no matter what takes place. Just keep Don't look at that. Just keep looking at the end." Amen. He said, "If I had looked at what was going on around me all the time, I might stray off the road, too. But I look what's at the end. I keep my eye there. I have to be steady. I can be say, let friends forsake everything else go wrong. And people like this, that, or the other." I'm looking to the end down there. Why? Because I'm not a miserable person. Because I'm not just living for this life. Even my hope in Christ does not have any end in this life, but I have a life to come. Our vision is beyond this life. We have a reason to live that is different than all others. Brother Brandham summarizing this story about this young man, this Rome in Rome, this artist, and the preaches it again and hearing, recognizing, and acting on the word of God. Uh just earlier that same year, he says that's what makes a Christian live different. He is different because he's got something to live different for. You've got something different to live for. I know you might rationalize your mind. Why do they preach a gospel of holiness? Why do they preach a gospel of sanctification? Why can't young men do this? And why can't young ladies do that? Because it's not expedient to the goal. It's not going to get us to a rapture. It's not going to get us into rapturing faith. God knows exactly what he's doing. Do you realize in the time of the Exodus there in Exodus 11, the death angel's going to be passing through? And it wasn't just, hey, everything's going to be fine. Just go on living how you are. But no, they had to prepare themselves. They had to dress themselves. They had to take a lamb of a certain age and they had to draw it out and had to kill it. They had to cook it a particular way. They had to eat all of it. And then they had to get all the leaven out of the house and they had to take the blood applied upon the doorpost and all these things were done so that they could bypass death and go in an exodus. And we might think, well, what's the big deal? Why do we have to do this and do that? Because there's a consequence to not following God's prescription. God wants to make a difference. God does not want anyone to sit back and say, "Well, it was just coincidence they didn't get it. It was just coincidence they didn't die." You can look and say, "They did everything that their Bible told them to do and they lived it. Now, where are they? What happened? Where'd they go? Oh, they must be in the Smoky Mountain somewhere. They must be in a cult. They must have went down into uh Guyana and drunk the Kool-Aid or something. Come on. Uh cuz they're going to look at your life and what you've done and God says, "I'm going to put a difference." So you walk by an Israelite's house, you say, "Yep, that stinks. That smells. Look at all that blood. Look, they're in there eating with their shoes on. They boiled that lamb. That's gross, right? They they look at everything that's being done. There's a difference being made. There's a distinction. And even to think, you might think, well, why why would we have to do this? Why is it we have to do this? It's for expediency. Amen. Because we have to put the last enemy under our feet which is death. That's what makes a Christian live different. He is different because he's got something to live for. In the message perseverance he brother says now to achieve anything you've got to set a goal and say this I believe. Amen. I want this to be in your heart today. This I believe. and tie yourself to it and keep drawing, moving up closer to it, knowing that it's there. Something's there that you're coming to. Tie yourself to a scripture today and say, "This I believe." If you're going to achieve anything, you've got to set a goal. You have to have an objective and say, "This I believe." Then tie yourself to it. Keep drawing, moving up closer to it. Scripture says, "We shall not all sleep, but we shall all be changed." Amen. This I believe. Amen. Jesus told her, "Believest thou this? He that believeth in his dead shall shall shall be raised up, but he that believeth in me shall not die." And he's talking about a resurrection. He's talking about those who will not taste death. He says, "Believest thou this?" And we should say, "This I believe." Amen. He said, he says it like a little boy with the kite that held a string in his hand. Old man said, "What are you holding, son?" He said, "My kite." The old man said, "I don't see nothing but a string." That's all they see in this message, right? Just bondage. I don't see nothing but a string. He said, "But there's a kite on the end of it." The man looked up and said, "I don't see no kite." Little boy said, "Neither do I." Well, how do you know you got a kite? I can feel it tugging at the end. Amen. Well, that's the way faith is. Hallelujah. All they see is a string. Come on. And you may not even see the kite, but you feel it tugging. You know there's something beyond that veil. You know it's something real. Why? You feel it tugging. Just like that little dude dropped there quivering in the morning. It knows that that sunlight's declaring it's going back where it came from. I could feel it tugging at the end. Well, that's the way faith is. Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. As long as you set your faith on it and then anchor it, you are coming to it. No matter if you can't see it or not, you know it's there anyhow. You're tugging at it and it's pulling you. And any man that's ever done anything worthwhile has set a goal and then been persistent, persevering to make that young people, you don't just have a reason to live. You've got a reason to live different. You can be different than the teenagers. You can be different than the adults. You can be different than the youth of today. Not just for no reason. Not just to be eclectic. Not just to fit in. Come on. This world is getting so weird that, you know, anybody can get fit into something. Yeah. We're not doing it for a following. We're not doing it for views. We're not doing it so we can monetize our accounts. We live different because we got a we got a reason. Yes. Amen. I'll say I want to close. Whatever your whatever your need is, find your answer in the word and tie yourself to it. On the day of Pentecost, Peter said, they said, "What can we do to be saved?" He said, "Repent. Be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." If you've never been born again, tie yourself to that scripture. Yeah. Amen. Tie yourself to it. You've never repented, repent. If you can repent knowing your sins are forgiven, get baptized in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. I said if you know it, if you've repented and you have a clean heart and even this week and you poured your heart out to God and you've repented and you've changed your mind, don't delay the water. According to the Bible, it was immediate. I I think it's hot enough in here that if there's a baptismal, the water's got to be 80 degrees, right? No, it's not going to be it shouldn't be cold there. You should be do walk keep the word of God. Walk in it. Tie yourself to it. I read in the beginning, nothing is going to stop a man when he's perseverant. When he knows what he is doing and got faith in what he's trying to achieve. Young people, you have a reason. That's what makes Christians live different. He's different because he's got something to live different for. And brother Bham says that when he talks about the land beyond the river, you're not living different for your pastor. You're not living different for your church. You're not living different for the message. You're not living different for prestige. You're living different because where you're going. I have a reason to live different because I have a painful desire for a new body. I have a reason to live different because I don't want this life to be my ultimate. I'm living for a life to come. Therefore, you can have deliberate faith. And with a deliberate faith, it's declared faith. And through the declaration of faith, it becomes a distinguished faith. Amen. A reason to live different. Yes. Let's stand. Hallelujah. A reason to live different. God help us today. Trust the musicians could come now. Can you set a goal, young people? Amen. Is there a goal you can set in your heart? Now, set the rapture as your goal. There's consequences. Sell out to it. I just love the domino effect. If you really mean it in your heart right now, the rapture is my goal. And just let that reverberate. Let that just strike your heart to open up to you the consequence of a decision such as that. Say, Lord, I want my heart right. How am I going to make a rapture? Lord, just walk with me daily. Daily in the scripture, daily in the word, and that's how the change will come with your heads bowed. I'd like to sing the song. I think it's in the key of G the potter's hand. Beautiful Lord, wonderful Savior. Set a goal, young people. Let's bow our heads as you search your heart. Maybe there's a scripture that comes to mind. Maybe there's a need that comes to mind. And you could just say, "I'm going to set this goal. I'm going to tie myself to it, pull at it, and see if it doesn't pull back." And maybe you could now just as a response to the word of God. If you have a a promise that you want to bring before the Lord that you're tying yourself to and you just lift your hand and declare your faith. Lord, I believe this. I believe I tie myself to it. I'm coming to it. Lord, set a goal. I have a reason to live different. Our gracious heavenly father, as we've raised our hands in response to your word, Lord, it's us tugging, tugging at that string. Lord, I pray that these young people would know beyond a shadow of a doubt that there is a land beyond the river. Just as that young man could go over to Rome and live a clean life, sanctified in the presence of all the filth and temptations. Lord, we realize that young ladies don't have to go out to the street corner to sell their bodies. They can give their virtue away in the privacy of their room. Young men don't have to go out to the markets to find the filth. They can do it in the privacy of their room. There's so many ways we can defile our spirits and erode our confidence and cause our minds to be encumbered with so many vile things. Lord, we're here in our Rome. We're in the Babylon. But the reason why we can live different is because there's one who died for me. There's a one that purchased my salvation. It's become real to me. It's become evident to me. And I will live as a Christian will live. I'll live as a gentleman ought to live. I'll live like a lady ought to live. Not just because these are rules and of dos and don'ts, but because you want to put a difference between me and the world. And that difference isn't just for this life. It's for the life which is to come. Because there is going to come a moment when I shall be changed. Lord, I'm living for the day that will come when we'll meet you in the air. Lord, I'm living for the time when this body will be changed and death will be placed under my feet. immortality will be swallowed up by immortality. Lord, I'm not living for a grave. I'm living for a a graduation. Lord, I'm living for this translation. Lord, with that goal in mind and view, I realize, Lord, if I'm ever going to taste the rapture, I've got to taste salvation. And Lord, I commit my heart to you. I pledge my life to you. I turn my eyes away from all these evil things, Lord. Even these innocent things that just dominate my thoughts and my time, Lord. I want to sanctify my mind. Sanctify my heart. I want to be more diligent to pursue truth and get into the word of God and pray and read my Bible. Make myself available to serve in our my church. Lord, I want to give myself to these things because I'm living to leave, Lord. And I pray Lord my prayer as a minister through the length of this, the breadth of it, maybe the density of it, Lord, may they just leave with a reason to live different. [Music] And may they may it become real to them. I pray in Jesus name. Amen. and beautiful Lord, wonderful Savior, I know for sure all of my days are held in your hands, crafted into your perfect plan. and you gently call me into your presence. Guide me by your Holy Spirit. [Applause] Teach me, dear Lord, to live all of my life through your eyes. and I'm captured by your holy calling. Set me aart. I'm lowing me to yourself. Lead me, Lord, I pray. [Music] Oh, and take me, hold me, give me, fill me. I give my life to the potter's hand. Call me. Guide me. Oh, lead me. Walk beside me. I give my life to the potter's hand. You gently call me. Oh, and you gently call. He's a gentleman. He's just wooing you now. Guiding me by your Holy Spirit. [Applause] Teach me, dear Lord, to live all of my life through your I'm captured by your holy gra. Oh, set me aart. I know you're drawing me to yourself. Oh, lead me Lord I pray. [Music] Oh, and take me for me. Give me, fill me. I give my life to the potter's hand. Call me. Guide me. Oh, lead me. Walk beside me. I give my life to the potters and take me, hold me, use me, fill me. Oh, and take me, take me, hold me, use me, build me. I give my life to the father's hand. Call me. Call me. Guide me and lead me. Walk beside me. I give my life to the heart. [Music] Let the worippers arise. [Music] Let the suns and the dark. [Music] I surrendering my all. [Music] I surrender to the king. Oh, let the worippers arise. Let your son see. Oh, I'm surrendering my I surrender to the king. Oh, and the woripper. The bright is risen. Let the darkness I surrender my I a little bit louder now. Let the worippers rise. Oh, I'm surrendering my heart. I surrender to the king. Let's sing that first verse. Father, I see that you are drawing the line. I want to be stand by your side. Holding your hand, your kingom come in. This is my way. This is my [Music] surrender. [Music] I sing it again. Hallelujah. Let the worst. [Music] I'm surrendering my own. [Applause] I surrender to the king. Father, I see the bride adorning. Father, I see the bride adorning in the word of King. Jesus rising down power. She's anointed for the season now. The last is our song. Heat. Heat. [Music] I surrender my [Music] surrender to let the worship. Hallelujah. [Applause] The sound [Music] I'm surrendering my surrender to the king. All right, I want to sing this that that I see the bride adorning. Who wrote that? We don't know who wrote it. Okay, I I wrote it. I mean, nobody going to take credit for it. I didn't invent it. I just discovered it. But this is the true song of the redeemed in this hour. This seventh seal that brings Christ back down to earth. This invisible union with the bride of Christ. But everybody says and under that seal everything is worship. This is when there's worship in spirit and truth. This is this is you. This is a time when you recognize these things. This is where there's true jubilee. There's true worship in the light of this. Not a glare of another age. Not trying to pump something up. But when you see yourself in the word of God, that relieves the anxiety. John wept a depressed soul when the book was sealed. But once it was open, he saw himself in it and he got all happy and everyone heard him. John, I John declaring and crying out. I said, "Leave this meeting with a distinguished faith, a declared faith, a deliberate faith. I see the bride I see the bride adorning in the word of her king rising now in power. She's anointed to sing for the seals of heaven open great mysteries. This is our song. Let the woring. [Applause] Let's put our hands up and sing it. Just lift your hands and sing it. Come on, worship him. Oh, [Music] [Applause] [Music] I surrender. Father, I hear it growing louder. Let's sing that verse now. Oh father, I hear it growing louder. The song of your redeemer as the bride of every nation is awakening to sing. And from my heart there comes an anthem. Oh, hear the praises ring. This is our song. A song to the king. Let the worshippers arise. Oh, let the sons and the daughter see. Oh, I'm surrendering my own my surrender to the king. Oh, and the worippers arrive only now. Let the sons and the daughters see. I'm surrendering my own. My own. I surrender to Oh, that sounds good. Let's sing that first verse now. Father, I see that you're drawing. Father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing on your side. Is that your prayer? Say, Lord, that's where I want to be. Let your kingom come. Let it live. This is my prayer. Oh, lift those hands as you sing it. Raise those hands up and sing. Arise. Let the sons and the daughters see. Oh, I'm surrendering my own. Oh, I surrender to the king. Let the woripper. Oh, let the worippers arise. [Music] Oh, let the sons and the daughters see. Oh, yeah. I'm surrendering my own. I'm surrender to the king. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, give him a praise offering. Say, Lord, you're worthy. This is my song. Hallelujah. It's the song of the redeemed. Oh, young people. How many can say, I want to be. I want to identify. I'm going to identify myself. This is my song. Give me that last verse, brother George. One, Brother Aaron. Did you write that, brother? And you said or no, you just found it. That last one. Father, I see the bride adorning. Are you Is that what you're doing? You heard the word of God. It didn't just go in your ear and out the other, but you wore it. You You heard that message. I'm going to take that mantle. Oh, how many can say that? Say, "Lord, I I'm accepting that mantle that's came upon me. Yeah. I'm rising now in power. I'm anointed. Do you know you're anointed? Whether you feel like it or not, there's an anointing upon a supernatural anointing upon your life. For the seals have now been opened. The last great mysteries. This is our song. And it's a different song than the rest of the world is singing. Listen, young people. The song that you sing is not the same song that they're singing down at the Baptist church. It's not the same song they're singing at the non-denominational church. That church has their place, but it's a different calling that you're called to. I hope you heard the message to today. I heard you heard it through the entire re the entire weekend. I wish I had brother Aaron's titles here to to read all all three of them that he spoke on, but it was a deliberate a reason, a purpose. a purpose that you have, a specific message that God has given you in this generation. And boy, I identify so much with what you said, brother Aaron. If there's anything we could accomplish, there's anything we could accomplish is to push you further than we've ever gone to get to let you come under a stronger anointing than we've ever experienced, a greater revelation. Oh, how many hearts could say, "I want that today. want that for myself. I I've I'm I'm called to be different. You know, brother Brandon made that statement in the token and he said the token is what made the difference. God put a difference and he said the token is what made the difference. Not a doctrine. Remember, a doctrine didn't die for you. not a teaching or just a mental intellectual understanding of we got better doctrine. Is that why we're different? We just understand things better than somebody else. It's not what it's about at all. It's a completely different calling in your life. When you're called, the bride is the highest calling you could receive. Higher than any prophet calling, higher than a minister's calling, higher than any other calling. to be called the bride of Jesus Christ. Friends, let me just ask you and invite you here to bow your heads with me. Every head bowed, every eye closed, nobody looking around. Felt led to do this. I know it's Sunday. We had a powerful service Friday. We had a powerful service Saturday. Believe lives were changed. believe hearts were made whole. But here we are now at the conclusion, the last service, last moment. Here we are in this atmosphere. The presence that you felt while we're singing that song, while the preaching of the word was going forth, there's something pulling you, young person. There's a kite on the other end of that string. And maybe you recognize it here tonight. I'm called to be different, not the same. God's called me to walk differently. Called Enoch to walk differently. And God's called you to that walk. I I want to just close conclude this this meeting with a an invitation to this altar. felt led of the Holy Spirit to do it. I know the Lord was moving on hearts and moving on lives. But I want to give you an opportunity. I would be remiss if I didn't take this moment, this opportunity as God was pricking hearts and God was speaking to you, coming right down to your aisle. Now listen, Brother Aaron spoke last night and he you you'll recall he began to tell the story of that little baby. in ICU and those doctors crying out saying, "Declare yourself." You know, brother Aaron said he had written that down in his notes years ago. Years ago, he'd written that down in his notes and and and just didn't have an uncction to minister it. Ministered and preached it for the first time in the pullpit here last night. Declare yourself. This morning, he looked at his notes back when the Lord inspired him with that. It was six years ago on May 13th. Six years to the day God inspired brother Aaron and now he stood in the pull pit. And I believe it was an anointed word. And I just want to invite you here today. Listen, I don't care if you got a boy that likes you here, a girl that likes you here, and you got a boyfriend, a girlfriend, there's mom and dad here, parents looking around. Listen, don't let anything hinder you or stop you. This is your moment. This is your chance. Brother Barham tells the story of a girl and he he comes to that girl in the service and the Lord had revealed to him and said, "Sister, tonight God's calling you tonight." That means there was a specific moment, a specific time the Lord came knocking on her heart. And brother Brandham says, "Sister, God's calling you tonight, but because of shame, because of embarrassment, because of maybe awkwardness or pressure, you know, there's something powerful when you leave your seat. It's wonderful to raise your hands and accept it at your seat. There's something when you defy and you when you defy embarrassment and awkwardness and you you come out here and you step out from your seat and you stand at this altar and you have a specific request, you want to be prayed for. I can tell you what, God honors that. Satan hates it. The kingdom of hell fights against it, but God still uses it to fill people with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And that sister refused to prophet said, "No." And and left the building, Brother Brandham Caesar, years later, drunk, alcoholic, offering him offering offering him a cigarette. And she said, she said, "Brother Brandham, since that day that I rejected that call, my life been my life has been so dark, so black." He said, she said, "I've been so distant from God. I can see my mother's hell frying and he says, I could see my mother's soul frying in hell like a pancake, and I would laugh at it. Her soul had became so dark." Friend, don't miss this opportunity that God's given you right now. I want you to every head bowed, every eye closed. Healing is here. I believe it. I want you to play that for me, Sister Deborah. Brother Baron ends that service and he says, "Let's go home on the wings of a dove. Let's be the bride. Raise up from your seat now. If you're wrong, come here and stand here at the altar and say, "I've been wrong, Brother Brandon. I'm I've got a temper. I've lived ungodly. I've done things I shouldn't have done. I've lived I'm guilty of this. I'm I I haven't served God the way that I should, and I'm ashamed of myself, and I want my life made right. Won't you pray for me here, Brother Brandham? I'll be glad to do it." I want you to invite you now. Here, if you're going to come to this altar, stand in a line. will make a line going all the way out the door. And get Brother Aaron if you could. He says, "I want my life to be made right. Won't you pray for me?" If God will answer my prayer to heal the sick, blind, and afflicted, he'll certainly hear a prayer for the sinner. Won't you come and be part of the bride tonight? I invite you to come as these that are coming. Brother Brandham says, "Thank you. I admire that kind of courage that'll walk out and admit you're wrong. God bless you. Stand right here. Oh, you those of you that have hand raised and you're raising your hand. Brother Brandham says, "You mean to tell me you could raise up your hand and not be sincere? What's happened? What's the matter with our people in this day? You mean you'd raise up your hand and say that you were wrong and you won't come to this altar? He that knoweth to do good and doeth it not to him it's evil. Won't you come while the pianist sister is playing? I'm inviting you. I want to ask you. I'm inviting you to come. Now, don't turn down. That's a special invitation God makes. We're going to baptize. We got a baptismal pool. They're going to fill up. There's already one person, sister, wanting to be baptized. We'll make that invitation. We'll have the water. You can come and make a difference. God God can come and make a difference in your life. You heard about it today, young people, a deliberate faith, a deliberate purpose. So be deliberate about it tonight. I want to invite you as brother Aaron was inspired. Let me just repreach it here today. Declare yourself this morning. You can you declare that there's a desire, something inside of you that could say, "Lord, I want to be changed from the inside out. I want to be a new creature in Christ Jesus. I came to this weekend with an expectation. And you came with the word and met that expectation. And now I'm going to respond and declare myself. I'm going to walk out of this my seat, stand in this altar. I'm going to raise my hand and say, "Lord, I'm declaring myself. I want to live. I want to live for you, Lord Jesus. I want to be pulled. I want my life to be in I want the life on the other side to impose itself upon me here today in my life. Healing is here. As you come sing it now, healing is he. Oh, healing is he. I receive and I receive it. Oh, healing is here. [Music] Healing is he. Oh, don't let nothing stop you. Healing is here. I believe it and I believe it. [Applause] I reach my hands to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you, my rock, my healer. I trust in you. So I reach my hands, sing it now. Oh, I reach my hands to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my health comes from. I look to you, my rock, my healer. I trust in you. Freedom is here. Freedom is here. Freedom is here. It's here for you, young person. Oh, freedom. You want to be free tonight? You want to be free today? Say, Lord, set me free. You come out of your seat. Come up here to this altar. God can change your life. Walk out and never be the same. Oh, freedom is here. Oh, freedom is here. Oh, freedom is here. I believe it. And I believe it. I reach I reach my heads. Oh, lift them up. Oh, reach your hands to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. Look to you, my rock, my healer. I trust in you. [Music] [Applause] So I reach my hands. So I reach my hands. Yes, Lord. Oh, I lift my eyes. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you, my rock, my healer. I trust in you. I reach my hands. Oh, I reach my hands to the heavens. I lift my eyes. Yes, Lord. [Music] Oh, I look to you. I look to you, my rock, my heal. I trust in you. [Applause] Sickness can't stay any longer. Your perfect love is casting out fear. You are the God. Oh, you are the God of the brother Brad. And it is your will that my life is healed. Sickness can't stay. Sickness can't stay any longer. Your perfect love, your perfect love is casting out fear. You are the God and you. Oh, and it is your will that my life sickness can't stay. Oh, sickness can't stay any longer. You got to go, Satan. Your perfect love is casting out fear. When you are the God of all power and it is your will. Sing that again now. Sing this. Come on, sing it. Oh, sickness can't stay any longer. For your perfect love is casting. Oh, you got to go, Satan. Oh, and you are the God of all power and it is your will that my life is. I reach my hand to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you, [Music] trust in you. So I reach my hands. Oh, I reach my hand to the heavens. I lift my eyes where my help comes from. I look to you, my rock, my hand. I trust in you. I trust in you. Amazing [Music] grace, how sweet the sound that saved a rich like me. I was lost, but now I'm found. was blind, but now I see. My chains, my chains are gone. I've been set free. My God, my savior, your strength me. And like a fl his mercy reigns. Unending love. Oh amazing grace. It was grace that told my heart to fear and grace my fears relieve. Oh, how precious dear that your grace appear. The hour I first believe my chains for my chains are gone and I've been set free. My God, my s your strength me. Like your blood, your mercy reigns, unending love. Oh, lift your hands and sing it now. My chains and my chains are gone. Oh, I've been set free. I live. Oh my God, my God, my surrendering [Music] love. Amazing grace. My chains are gone. Yes, I've been set free. Thank you, Lord, my God, my savior. Yours ransom me. And like a flood, your mercy reigns. unending love. Amazing. When I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he healed me for the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turned me around. How he placed my feet on solid ground. It makes me want to shout. Halleluah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. It makes me It makes me want to shout, "Hallelu. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. When I think about you, Lord, oh, make it personal. How you raised me, how you filled me with the Holy Ghost, how you healed me to the uttermost when I think about you. Oh, how you picked me up. Thank you, Lord, that turn me around. How you place my feet on solid ground, it makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Yes, Lord. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise it makes. It makes me want to shout hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Yes, you are, Lord. And all the honor and all the praise. One more time. It makes me want to shout. Halleluah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. There is none like you. Nobody like you, Lord. And no one else can touch my heart like you do. I could search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. Raise those hands and sing it now. There is none. There is none like you. Nobody like you, Lord. No one else can touch my heart like you do. [Music] I could search for all eternity long and find. There is none like you. There is none. singing now. And there is none like you. Nobody like you, Lord. No one else can touch my heart like you do. [Applause] I could search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. [Music] Nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. [Music] And I stand in all it your amazing ways. Oh, I worship you as long as I am breathing. God, you are faithful and true. And nobody loves me like you. Sing it now. Nobody loves me like you love me glory and I stand in all your amazing ways. I worship you as long as I am breathing. God, you are God. You are faithful and true and nobody loves me like you do. Sing it now. Morning. Sing that first. Verse. Morning. I see you in the sunrise. Oh morning. I see you in the sunrise every morning. It's like a picture that you've painted for me. Love letter. A love letter in the sky. Story. Oh, [Music] story. Oh, yes. I could have had a really different story, but you came from heaven to restore me forever. Forever change my life. Oh, and nobody loves me like you love me, Jesus. And I stand in all in your amazing way. Oh, I worship you as long as I am breathing. God, you God, you are faithful and true. And nobody loves me like you do. [Music] Oh, mountains, you're breaking down the weight of all my mouth. Oh, raise those hands and testify. And even though it feels like I'm surrounded, here's a promise. You never leave. You never leave my side. Oh, nobody loves me and nobody loves me like you love me. I stand it all and I stand it all in your amazing way. I worship you as long as I am. God, you are faithful and true and nobody loves me like you. Give him a praise offering and clap of praise. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] You love him. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise, oh every praise is to our God. Oh, every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Oh, every praise, every praise is to our God. God my savior. Oh God my healer. God my deliverer. Yes he is. Yes, he is. God, my savior, God, my healer, [Music] God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship in one accord. Every praise, every praise. Oh yes. Every praise is to our God. [Music] Give him a hand. Another hand clap of praise. He's worthy. Hallelujah. [Applause] You love the Lord Jesus. My hasn't he been good? How many can raise a hand and testify and say, "Lord, thank you for being so good." Amen. You came with your word. You came and healed your people. That's what he promised he would do. He sent his word and he healed his people. And I'm one of those recipients. I'm going to testify. Amen. In this meeting, I'm going to raise up my hand. How many young person would not be ashamed to say, "Lord, I've been a recipient of your healing grace through the ministering of your word, through the atmosphere of the songs, through the fellowship of believers. I've been touched this weekend." And I want to give you praise. How many want to give him praise for that? Oh, give him a hand clap of praise to Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. He's been good. He never disappoints. The Lord never disappoints. Amen. I disappoint people a lot. Amen. You know, we disappoint each other, but the Lord never disappoints us. Bible says it this way. Even in all the times we've been unfaithful, yet he remainth faithful to us. Even though you might have done nothing this weekend, you might have done no preparation. Maybe you were caught up in something and just caught up in the moment of another youth meeting. But God was faithful. He came to your seat. He came to your heart and he spoke to you. Now, it's up to you to receive what he said. And I just want to say, Lord, I receive everything that was said this weekend. You burdened the heart of a minister and he delivered his heart. And I receive it today, Lord Jesus. I'm going to take these things that I've heard. There's been substance, real substance that you could take home and fight the devil with on Monday. Amen. Fight him with on Tuesday. Not just to the next youth meeting. You could take what you heard this weekend and stand as a different person today. You might lose some battles. I was hear brother Brandham say it this morning. He said, "I might lose some battles, but I'll win the war." Might have lose some battles, friends, but we're going to win this war. We've been called to it. Amen. We're going to let you go. Be dismissed. Amen. Just want to say again how wonderful it's been. Thank you for all of those that traveled here and came and been part of these meetings. My I certainly just was enjoying the day we had yesterday fellowship, getting to meet some of you. Amen. Some of you that we've known for years, some maybe your first time here and never didn't get a chance to shake your hand. Well, I just want to say God bless you. Amen. And thank you for coming. If the Lord carries, we'll be having our youth camp same weekend uh this year uh Halloween weekend. And so, we'll be looking forward in prayer for that. Amen. Are you are you just so grateful that it just gets better and better and better and better? You know, the word doesn't get stale. It doesn't get stagnant. It just gets better and better and better. And I want to say, Lord, I want more of it. Keep filling me up till I'm overflowing. Keep filling me up, Lord Jesus. Keep pouring it in my soul. Keep dumping it in, Lord. I'll receive it. Hallelujah. Let my life overflow. Glory. Amen. We're going to have a baptism. It's going to be at 3:30. If you would like to be baptized and take the names, take the name of the Lord in Christian baptism. We have a pool right here, right under this stage. Little trap door. If I hit a button here, they'll all fall in it. But we use it also for a baptismal. So, uh, so that'll be at 3:30 and the water will be nice and warm for you. It won't be cold. I don't think we even got to warm it with this weather outside, but at 3:30, there's already one I know of that wants to be baptized. You want to be baptized, go see one of the ministers, Brother Brad Y, there in the back. Just let him know. He'll make sure of that. At 3:30, we'll be doing that. There is a meal and things afterwards and fellowship that we'll we have ready and waiting for you. So, let's just bow our heads as we just close the service, these meetings. Lord, we just stand in awe in all of you, Lord. Our hearts are captured by this holy calling. We feel that drawing power, Lord, and we respond. We hear the word of God that says, "Declare yourself." And we've responded to your call, Lord Jesus. There's been hearts that responded to that call. And we say by uplifted hands, "Call me, draw me, lead me, guide me, fill me, use me, Lord Jesus. That's my prayer, oh God. I pray that every person here, every young and old that's in this building, that's outside in the fellowship hall that's walking around the grounds. I pray there'd be a surrendered heart to say, "Lord, would you call me and lead me and guide me and fill me and use me, Lord? I want to be caught up in this holy calling that's taking place where a a groom is calling to her to his bride." And we're making ourselves ready, Lord, by the preparation of the gospel that we heard this weekend. We take it into our hearts. We raise our hands. We say we receive it. We surrender to it, Lord God. Let it not just be seed that falls amongst wayside and falls amongst thorny and stony ground, Lord. But I raise my hand and say, let the word fall into the good ground of my heart and let it bring forth a harvest. Grant it, Lord, to each person, each mother and each father, each young person and old. I pray that you would just answer every request and every heart that's been put forth here and the burdens that have been brought this weekend. We give you thanks for it, Lord Jesus, for your worthy of our praise. Take us from here, Lord, but not from your presence. I pray that you would bless Brother Aaron, Sister Elizabeth. We just lift our voices now and say, "God, would you bless Brother Aaron? Would you pour out a blessing upon his entire family, his church back home? May you refill, may you refresh, may you rejuvenate, God. May a strength come upon Brother Aaron, Sister Elizabeth, and their whole family for pouring out their hearts this weekend. I pray God a special blessing upon them and all those that have worked and gathered and labored in this meeting. We give you thanks for a family, the body of Christ. Where would we be, Lord, without each other? But Lord, most of all, where would we be without you? Thank you for your divine presence that came and met us here in every service. I pray God that you would take us, keep us, Lord, until the next time that we gather again. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. And the church says, "I sing praises to your name, [Music] oh Lord. Praises to your name, [Music] oh Lord.
