################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2022-10-12 - 221012 - Brother Jason Watkins The Word Made Alive - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2022-10-12
Title:   221012 - Brother Jason Watkins: The Word Made Alive
Speaker: Jason Watkins
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fWQaevbbWMw
========================================

do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are grace. You do mirales of grace. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Let us stand and sing. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, I lift my hands in worship as I praise your holy name. You deserve the glory, sing, and the honor. Lord, I lift my hands in worship as I praise your holy name. You deserve glory. You are grace, [Music] Lord. You deserve all the glory. You are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracle so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Hallelujah. I love the Lord. I was corrected Sunday. Forgot to say I love you after I made an announcement. I love you guys. That's all on you guys right there. Amen. Praise the Lord. Sometimes you want to break the routine. I had a funny humorous thing I was going to say, but you know, I u I'm going to say it. We all want to be depicted in the Bible, someone that we can look at and say, "That's me. I'm like that." This is a joke from my wife. But uh Joo who driveth his chariot furiously. I can relate with that. All right. You're all smiling. That's good. Praise the Lord. If you have a request upon your heart, you want to make it known to the one the master of humor. Tell that old fox. Amen. I love the Lord. I'm happy to be a Christian. This is the best place to be tonight. There is no other place to be. Now, let's pray. Father, I love you this morning, this evening. Lord, you are so great, Father, that you could condescend down, take upon you our sin. And Lord, you nailed it to the cross. Went to hell and took the keys of death, hell, and the grave. You are our victor. You are our banner. You are our shield. You are all that we have need of today and every day. Bless your people, Father. Help us draw closer to you this evening. May we when we leave, may we be closer. Bless the word this evening, the greatest form of worship. Bless the song service. Father, I thank you for your presence, Lord. Lord, I come up to pray for the tithes and offerings. Father, the request upon the heart this evening, just in simple faith, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ, I bring each and every request, every burden, every care, every sin, every spot of unbelief. May your presence sweep through the building this evening. Comfort your people, Lord, with joy unspeakable, full of glory. Bless the cheerful giver. Bless those streaming. Father, Lord, every morning I wake up, I commit myself to you. You committed yourself to me, Lord. All I can do is commit myself to you 100%. Bless your people, Father. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Sing a little bit more of that. You deserve the glory and the honor. Lord, I lift my hands in worship as I praise your holy name. You deserve the gloryy [Music] and the honor. Lord, I lift my hands in worship as I praise your holy name. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. For you are great. You do miracles so great. There is no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Sing a little bit of Everybody will be happy over there. Amen. Amen. How How many going to be happy now and be even happier when we get over there? Amen. Amen. Everybody will be happy. Will be happy over there. Oh, we will shout and sing our praise and everybody will be happy over there. Said everybody will be happy. Will be happy over there. Oh, we will shout and sing our praises. Everybody will be happy over there. One more time. [Music] Oh, we'll be happy. Oh, will we will shout and sing God's praises everybody will be happy over there. Where there's a happy land of promise over on the great beyond where the savior shall soon get re of men shall answer and live forever more. Everybody will be happy for what I hear. Oh, every will be happy. Oh, we'll be happy over there. Well, we will shout and sing our praise. And everybody will be happy over there. Everybody will be happy. will be happy over there. Well, we will shout and sing God's praises. Everybody will be happy over there. There's a ransom of all ages. We'll be singing round the throne in the land where no one knows and cares. The Christians of all nations will join the trumpet song. Everybody will be happy over there. Oh, we'll be happy. Sing over there. Oh, we will sing his praises. Everybody will be happy over there. Sing everybody. [Music] We'll be happy. Oh yes, we'll be happy. Oh, we will shout and sing God's praise. Everybody will be Let me hear everybody singing. Everybody [Music] will be happy. We'll be happy. And we will shout and sing our praise and everybody will be happy over there. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. We're going to get brother Aaron and his family to give us a song this evening. Amen. Amen. Brother Aaron, if you come. Let's give him a hand. Amen. [Music] When he rolls up his sleeves, the angels putting on the rest. Our God is an awesome God. There's thunder in his footsteps and lightning in his fist. Our God is an awesome God. And the Lord wasn't joking when he kicked him out of Eden. It wasn't for no reason that he shed his blood. His return is very close. And so you better be believing that our God is an awesome God. Our God is an awesome God. He reigns from heaven above power love. Our God is an awesome God. Our God is an awesome God. He reigns from heaven above. The power and love our God is an awesome God. And the sun was starless in the void of the night. Our God is an awesome God. He spoke into the darkness and created the light. Our God is an awesome God. Judgment and Randy poured out on sorrow. Mercy and grace he gave us at the cross. A hope that we have not too quickly forgotten. That our God is an awesome God. Our God is an awesome God. from [Music] power in love. Our God is an awesome God. Our God is awesome. God is from heaven above the power in love. Our God is an awesome God. Our God is an awesome God. He reigns from heaven above with the power and love. Our God is an awesome God. Our God is an awesome God. [Music] [Music] Amen. Let's give him another hand. Amen. I had on my heart for brother Joe how hotter to give us a song. Amen. But I'm going to sing a little song. Get him ready because I didn't tell him. So I won't sing a little worship song unless you you good. Come on. you. All right. Come on. Amen. Let's sing a little bit of We're Standing on Holy Ground. I think it was [Music] When I walked through the door, I sense his presence. And I knew this was the place where love abounds. [Music] This is the place Jehovah God. He abides here. We are standing in his presence on holy ground. [Music] We are standing [Music] on holy ground. [Applause] [Music] And I know there are angels all around. [Music] Let us praise Jesus now. We are standing in his presence on holy ground. In his presence there is joy beyond all measure. [Music] at his feet. Peace of mind can still be found. [Applause] If there's a need, I know he has the answer. Reach out and claim it. We are standing on holy ground in worship. Now we are standing. [Music] We are standing holy ground. And I know there are angels all around. All around. Let us pray. Praise Jesus. Now we are standing in his presence on holy ground. Let's sing again. We are s standing [Music] on holy ground. [Music] And I know that there are angels [Music] all around. All around. Let the free. Let us praise Jesus. Now [Music] we are standing in his presence on holy ground. [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. You appreciate the spirit of the Lord this evening. I believe if we're just hungry for him, there's just more of him for us. Don't Don't you? Amen. Whatever you're expecting tonight. I I just my that was good, brother. I just could have sat there and just bask in that presence of the Holy Spirit. Amen. Just thinking about when he was on the cross, I was on his mind. Yeah. I'm not on an ego trip. I'm nothing on my own. I make mistakes and often sl just common flesh and bone. [Music] Oh, but he'll prove someday just what I say. I'm of a special kind. Cuz when he was on the cross, oh, I was on his mind. He knew me. [Music] Yet he loved me. [Music] Oh, he whose glory makes all of heaven shine. [Music] So unworthy [Music] of such mercy. [Music] When he was on the cross, I was on his mind. And [Music] a look of love was on his face, the thorns on his head. Oh, the blood ran down that scarlet rose and stained he crimmed sun. [Music] Though his eyes were on the crowd that day, he looked ahead in time. Cuz when he was on the cross that day, you and I were on his mind. Oh, he knew me yet he loved me. [Music] Oh, he whose glory makes all of heaven shine. So unworthy of such mercy. When he was on the cross that day, you and I were on his mind. Yes. When he was on the cross that day, you and I were on his mind. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. Let's just stand and worship the Lord a little bit. Amen. Before the ministry comes. Amen. to be like Jesus. [Music] To be like Jesus [Music] on earth I long to be like him. All through life journey from earth to glory. I only ask [Applause] to be like him. [Music] to be like Jesus. To be like Jesus [Music] on earth. I long to be like him. [Music] Provere [Music] from to glory. [Music] I only ask [Applause] [Music] to be like him. [Music] Amen. How many is ready for the word? Amen. Amen. Let's sing a little bit of Because He lives can face tomorrow. Amen. We'll start off with that verse. Amen. God sent his son. [Music] They called him Jesus. [Music] He came to love, heal, and forive. He lived and died to by my heart. and empty gra to prove my savior lives because he lives. I can face tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone [Music] because I know [Music] he holds my future and life is worth the living angels because he And because he lives, I can face tomorrow. Let's give the Lord some praise. Because he lives all fear [Applause] [Music] [Applause] because I know [Music] he holds my future [Music] and life is worth the living because he lives and because he lives I can because he lives. Oh yes, he lives. All fear is gone because I know I know he holds my future. [Music] I like his words of living because he lives. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a hand this evening. [Applause] Amen. He lives. Praise God. I'm glad. Aren't you glad? My Praise the Lord. We're happy to have you in the house of God tonight. Amen. and looking for what the Lord has. Praise God. I'm happy to be back. Amen. We had a wonderful time. I say we, me and the Lord. I left such sweetheart here. And um but me and the Lord went to Florida and we had a wonderful time with brother Jack as I'm sure you can imagine. Uh then we got to go over to the Haitian church, be with brother Luis Jean there. My goodness, what a wow. I love I wish I kept thinking I wish I had the whole church. I wish I had everybody here. The uh it's it's all it's like you've left uh and went into a different world. It's um that's the only way I know how to describe it. Those Haitian believers, they are just full of zeal and my goodness, they they worship and they sing. And I was I was sitting there thinking, "Wow, if Brother Anthony was here, this place would just go crazy." because they had Jack there and and then we'd have Anthony there and then they have another brother there who I had never met and uh my goodness I I I just thought they'd make a trio unstoppable. But uh we had such a such a wonderful time and I ministered there and couple of services Saturday and Sunday for brother Jack in West Palm and then across to Boon Beach about 25 minutes away there to be with brother um Luis. I'd been there once before, but it had been quite a little while. So, uh, we were looking for the Lord, and he didn't disappoint. The Lord never disappoints. Praise God. Going to invite you to the, uh, scripture this evening. I want to take a, a title, uh, get in. Sorry, I didn't get it to you. I want to take a title, the living word. And, um, want to invite you to Matthew chapter 3. Amen. You love him. Amen. My it's just a wonderful when you when you sit back and realize how God moves and and and sometimes you try to stay a breast of it and you just you you you suddenly look around and go, Lord, you've been busier than I would have ever imagined. So, you know, we're we're just trusting him uh this evening. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, um um no, no, no, no. I'm sorry. John chapter 1, not Matthew chapter 3. Uh, my mind is on another sermon. Amen. Praise the Lord. John chapter 1. Yes. Now, we had we had read over some of this, I think, the last time I was ministering uh here. And um and I and I I didn't get to continue uh everything that was on my heart. I I got to everything that the Lord wanted for that service, but I didn't get to go all the way to my heart's desire. So, we're going to do that tonight. Brother Jack, good to see you and Sister Kathy out here. Uh I got half of mine to let you give that testimony tonight, but you'd almost need the whole service. Amen. Brother Jack is uh got a testimony that'll blow your mind. And uh we I might I might I might cut it off early, Brother Jack, and give you a chance. We'll see how the anointing of the Lord goes um on that. All right. So, St. John chapter 1 and I want to read um from verse 35. Amen. You have it? Say amen. Amen. Again, the next day after John stood and two of his disciples and looked upon Jesus as he walked, he saith, "Behold the lamb of God." And the two disciples heard him speak, and they followed Jesus. Then Jesus turned and saw them following, and saith unto them, "What seek ye?" They said unto him, "Rabbi," which is to say, being interpreted, "Master, where dwellest thou?" He saith unto them, "Come and see." They came and saw where he dwelt, and abodeed with him that day, for it was about the 10th hour. Amen. Let's pray. Father, we com we commit ourselves now into your hands, Lord. And you see the burden of the word that's upon my heart, Master, and how you've moved strangely, Lord, for me to be standing here to preach this sermon tonight. And Father, events that happened earlier, Lord, uh inform my thinking, Father, that you've been busy since early this morning, Lord, and moving to this moment. Now, I pray you'll capture our hearts and our minds, Lord, and focus us on your word as we are completely positive. We have your mind for your direction now. Commit it to you and commit myself into your hands in Jesus' name. Amen. You can be seated, friends. Now, you'll recognize if you heard um my previous sermon, we we talked about this where uh we actually started quite a bit before where Jesus, you know, was coming and John said, "Behold the lamb of God that takes away the sin of the world." And we made a reference how that if you'll remember that John actually said that two or three times. And so it was pretty incredible uh when John ends up in in prison and his eagle eyes get filmed over and he says, you know, he sends his own disciples to say, "Can you go ask him, are you he or do we look for another?" And that that I you know if you remember in our last time in our last lesson it was shocking because he was so absolutely positive that when he saw him when he was looking at him there was no question you know when he was in when he was in church there was no question when he's surrounded by his brothers there's no question when the anointing was falling there's no question but then you're not at church you're not around the brothers and sisters the anointing you don't feel all that much and now you're what what what you thought you were seeing at at first. Now, maybe you're not quite so sure. And so, we found that it could happen to John, it could happen to the best of us because there is never a man born of a woman greater than John except uh those least in the kingdom. And so, so we find that it was pretty incredible statement and it and it and it really comes down to uh my thought that I wanted to kind of carry on and I I and even even as I would carry on with it tonight, normally I already know the Lord is moving me uh to to go into some different areas. So now when I take this sermon, I want to take this title tonight uh the living word. And it incidentally that's the exact title I took for Saturday night uh in West Palm Beach. However, I'm not preaching that sermon. So if you go online at brother Jack's church and you hear that sermon, you're going to go, "Wait, what happened?" Uh but you're just going to have to trust me. I'm being led of the Holy Spirit. So we find that the emphasis that I want to bring to you tonight is this term come and see. Now that that goes back to what we were saying that as long as John could see something as long as he could experience something. So there's something to be said about an experience. There's something to be said about uh having the word on display. I'm here to tell you something friends. It is tre of tremendous importance. Uh, brother Connie, is that you? Praise the Lord. Sister Moa, praise God. Happy to have you. I got a message from Sisterh Suzanne for you. Sister Mo, so don't don't forget it. Happy to have them from Switzerland here. Stand up so everybody can stare at you real quick. Amen. Come on, Sister Mo. Stand up. All right. Sweden. Yeah, Sweden. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Praise the Lord. From Sweden. Yeah. Let's get that straight. Happy to have them here. So, journeying with us for a little while. You're in for a few weeks. Okay. Yeah, good deal. So, I've been trying to figure out how we could put him to work at the camp. So, we'll have to talk to the team about that. But I I want to really now come in on this idea of a living word because I'm going to tell you something, friends. The word of God in all of its value, you know, has its has its greatest impact when it's actually on display. You remember the that Paul taught us that the letter actually kills. But it's the spirit that gives life. Now, if this body doesn't have a spirit in it, it's it's it's not animated. It lays down. And and there's really nothing that that my body without its spirit, there's nothing it can do for you. See? And so if I'm going to give you any help at all, I need to have the spirit of life in me animating my body and speaking through my body and and giving you the words of life. That's how I can benefit you tonight. So it's better for you if I'm a living word. Amen. See, now we'll go another step. Now we're going to say more than just a living human taking a written word into a brain, you know, going through the reasoning, coming out sending air over the vocal cords and now just preaching the word. So now it's off the page and now it's it's words you're coming that that you're hearing come. But now what what's a better way than that is if actually my life is actually these these words and I might not even need to say any actual words or read you any actual words. Right? So, so when he says to them, "Come and see." This is exactly what's been going on the whole time. John has been seeing him. The disciples have been seeing him. The he said said to the people, "This is he." And so now the people are seeing him. I'm trying to move this away because it keeps keeps popping. Excuse me. And so now the people are seeing him. And this is what's having the greatest effect. The absence of that is what I was emphasizing when John no longer sees that. Amen. So now, how important is it for you in your homes or in this church or as fellowship one among another for your brothers and sisters to see the word on display? What about your children? What about your neighbors? What about your where you work? What about in the school? What about in the market? You will never be a more powerful witness than when when when you can actually can say to the people they say what do you believe and you can say come and see come and see not even come and hear but come and see I'm here to tell you something friends God has so ordained prophecy at the last day that the thing that is going to the world is a visible living word. Amen. And in fact is if you're going to do this world any good or your loved ones any good, I'm here to tell you the greatest point where you're going to be obeying the commission is when your spouse can see the word. Your children can see the word. Your congregation can see the word. Your family can see the word. That's right. Amen. It's not lost on me that this is exactly when John in the book of Revelation and he comes into chapter six and the very first seal is going to be opened and he says, you know, one of the living creatures said, I saw when he opened one of the first seal and it begins to describe how he sees a white horse go forward and and that's what he sees and and a and the voice of the of of the beast says to him, "Come and see." Yes. Amen. You'll find it when you keep going on through all four of those first four seals, which are the relevant seals to us because the fourth seal is the time where the seventh sealed mysteries unfolded. And and that's the time the bride goes in a rapture. That's the eagle anointing. Amen. Amen. And so from the first seal to the second seal to the third seal to the fourth seal to the entire church age, here's the message. Come and see. Not come and go to school. Not come and get a theology degree. Not come and memorize. See, not come and have a form, but actually come and see the word. John was invited. You need to come and see this. John. This is going to be the angle that God is going to use down through the ages. He's going to be on display. This why Paul would talk about the letter kleth, the spirit giveth life. John Paul knew that if it's only a letter and now listen when I look at this Bible I'm glad that it had apostles and prophets that wrote it because there's things that are said in here that I would never have the courage to say. I would never have the courage to say to you. You know the the letter kill you will kill you. Yeah, but I can say it because Paul said it. And I can say, "Okay, we're good." The latter will kill you. Say, "Wow, but I thought it's the word of God." Sure, friends, but if you listen, every I I've made this statement before for years. You come to the house of God where the fresh kill of the word is. It is the most glorious place and the most deadly place you can be simultaneously because it's the place of life and death because that's where God took Israel in the Old Testament and he took this many priests and he stuck them on Mount Gerism and he took this many priests and stuck them on Mount Ebal and he made all the millions of people walk but in the valley between the two mountains and on this mountain these priests shouted the blessings and the glories and the promises of God. All they had to do is keep the word and go forward. And on this mountain over here, the other priest shouted, "Cursings and death and destruction. If you break it and God will destroy you." And and they literally had to walk through the valley and hear the blessings and the cursings. Hear the promises and the warnings at the same time. And whichever one, whichever one that they allowed to affect their life, that's the end they got. And I'm here to tell you, they got their own end. Amen. As I as I've said, Chris and I were uh on our walk this morning and we were talking about that very thing. How that, you know, God is not some evil, you know, illtempered, you know, wake up on the wrong side of the bed deity that's going to burn the world. You know, they've hurt his feelings, so he's going to burn them in a tribulation. That's not God. God is simply, he cries out to man and has cried out to man for millennia. You know, why will you die? you know, why will you not come to me and live? I I don't I don't value the death of anyone, not even the sinner. And but but when we come back to it, we find that Jesus goes back and quotes the Old Testament prophet saying their eyes they have closed. Lest the glorious light should shine to them and they should believe and be converted and I should heal them. See, so their eyes they have closed. So, you know, the fact of the matter is God is not going to destroy the world. He doesn't God loves the world. He's not going to annihilate this world. He's simply going to pull out the stops and man is going to annihilate himself. He's going to take the bride home. And when the bride leaves, the blood leaves and then grace is over. And then there's nothing left for the Gentiles. Then the then the blood ring is gone. The blood ring is gone. And now the now God actually sees. He's not looking at red through red. He's looking straight at red sin and then the tribulation. What else is he going to do but pour out the tribulation period? I'm here to tell you something, friends. If there was ever a time for the living word to be on display in our lives, it's got to be right now. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Brother Brandon makes some astonishing statements and I just want to perhaps catch two of them. Uh one of them in the second seal and this is this has been so much on my heart and mind for days and talking to another minister about it actually early this morning and and making some comments back and forth. That's why it was still on my heart when uh Chris and I, of course, we do that anyway. We preach to each other on our walk. I don't know how we get any walking done. We preach to each other the whole time. But I love the word and I love people who love the word. Amen. Want to talk about the word. And so now, Brother Brandon makes this statement. I' I've struggled which one to read first. And let me just I'm going to read you this one because I want to set my thought in your heart and kind of augment what I've said to this point. So we I'm pretty sure that I went into the word incarnation here uh last time or the time before I even if I didn't it's not important. Incarnation is um is the is the embodiment of a deity in in flesh. Yeah. That's incarnation. And it's either it it can and in fact is the the definition says the a deity embodied either in human flesh and when it's capitalized it's God Almighty in incarnate in the Lord Jesus Christ but just generally speaking it is a deity uh who has taken up form taken up and is now expressing himself in the form of flesh of a human or an animal. And that's an interesting little tail end of that. It's it's or an animal. And that makes perfect sense to me because if you think about that, but you're going to see here in this quote in a minute where brother Brandham talks about Satan incarnating himself and he's in in a in Revelation symbolism, he's incarnating himself as a beast. Amen. But in reality form, it's in human beings. Now watch. Second seal. Satan is going has incarnated himself. Now I don't remember if I read this. If I have, I'm going to read it again. Anyway, Satan has incarnated himself from antichrist to false prophet. And he starts talking about down through the ages in the days of the Jew and is antichrist and is among the early church. see in the early church and then in the dark ages and then he become a false prophet and you know your your Bible he the fourth age they crowned him as a false prophet. Remember it started out as just a saying and then it became a doctrine and then it became an actual person and they crowned him as a false prophet. And so, so we find then, but but we also know that that false prophet has demons in him that are just placeholders until Satan himself comes. Which he's not coming down to incarnate the false prophet until the bride goes up. Now, here's where brother Brandham is teaching that second seal. So, he says, now you've got the early church and you've got the dark ages. He become a false prophet to the world. See here with and this is so strong with her cup of iniquity. Now now that's to the church age. Now but in the age after the church goes home. So the brideg goes up. Satan comes down in the age after the church goes home. He becomes a beast. He becomes the devil incarnate. The red dragon himself. He says, "Can you see what I mean? He is incarnate in his people then. So now this is Lucifer personified. Yeah. Amen. He's incarnate in people. Yeah. Now catch it. You say, "I thought I thought only God could be inside of people." Multiple. I thought only God could divide himself into his church. How can one how can one, you know, former archangel divide himself into all the people of the world? You're going to find out. Watch this. He says, he says he becomes a beast. He becomes a devil incarnate. Can't you see what I mean? He is incarnate in his people. Then he's got his people bound by his power. The false prophet has, this is a big point. The false prophet has prophesied them right into it. See, give them over to strong delusions. This is what we're talking about today, Chris. strong delusions to believe a lie and be damned by it, denying the word with a form of godliness. See, so now so now you're you're catching something here that he has prophesied them into it. So it's it's it's not it's not the the same. He has no power of creation. But watch what he does have. His power is is the controlling influence over human beings who were born with free agency who don't have it anymore. You understand that people run away from Christ saying, "I want to be free." And they don't realize they're headed right to bondage. The only one who will make you free is the son. He's the only form of freedom there is. Because now when you have the son living inside you, like brother Jason said that time, now now you actually are able to live the kind of life God designed you for as a son of God. And you're free to live that. And you can do it cuz you want to. Amen. Amen. Oh my. Whom the son is made free. If you don't know the Lord Jesus Christ tonight, let me blow a freedom trumpet. Let me blow a jubilee trumpet. You can be free tonight to live after the image of God's word to become yourself, the living word. Amen. See, the false prophet has prophesied them right into it. So, how did how did you get how did you become the word? Did a did did God wave a magic wand over your head? [Music] Did Did somebody sprinkle pixie dust over you? No. God sent not a false prophet, but a true prophet. and he has prophesied you right into it. Say, "What do you mean prophesying?" Preaching. That's the That's the term prophesying. Prophesy to preachers. Prophesying is one of the gifts in the church, the gift of prophecy. And it's amazing that you have movements today wanting to take away the gift of prophecy and they just want you to take an electronic device and push play. Nonsense. You need prophesying, too. You need the word to come forth. It transforms your life. Hallelujah, friends. It's it's the most powerful weapon in the world. It's God's word if it's believed. Now, it's not just to you because the whole m remember the thing is the living word. So, it's come and see. So, now the whole the whole world should should be able to hear that from us. Come and see. Amen. See, so now it goes into you to go out further. And that's why brother Brandon would say any any son or daughter of God who takes the word of God with faith now with faith and places it upon their lips. Brother Brandham says that's the same as deity speaking. See, because why? You've been preached right into it. You've been fed the diet of the word until you've become the word because you are what you eat. This is why we have to watch what what this leotal world offers us. We have to think about what our eyes look at and our ears here and our our and our life connects to and our activities and places we go. I'm here to tell you say it doesn't matter. Oh, it matters. Oh, it matters. I'm here to tell you it matters a lot. See, so he says he has become the beast. He's become the devil incarnate. the false prophet has prophesied them right into it. Give them over to strong delusions to believe a lie. God, he says, now God works his place in a trinity. See, here's here's the beauty of the trinity. And this is why, you know, I said to the to our noble, highly esteemed, you know, mega church radio preacher who won't sell airtime to anyone else and and declared to the whole community erroneously, by the way, that William Brandham didn't believe in the Trinity. And I, it's more than I could take, brother Joe. I called him up and I said, "Who told you William Brandham didn't believe in the Trinity?" And he said, "Well," he said, "I I was uh" I said, "You ever listen to his messages?" Well, no, but I was told, you know, by by wellestablished colleagues. I said, 'Well, your colleagues were wrong. I said, 'I've been raised under his teaching. I've been preaching it for for more than 30 years. I can tell you right now, he most certainly did believe the Trinity. And my goodness, you never heard somebody get so nervous. I Well, I I thought so. I mean, I I thought I now he's got now he said it on the air. And so, I kind of waited because that's my sneaky way. And I I just kind of waited for, you know, a little bit of drama, a little bit of effect. And I said, "Now, he didn't believe in the Catholic version of the Trinity, but he certainly believed in the Bible version of the Trinity." He said, "What what's the difference?" I said, "Well, Catholic has three three different gods." I said, "He saw it as three different offices." And then, no need to carry on the conversation. It didn't it didn't uh go too far after that. Watch this. Now God works his place in a trinity justification, sanctification and incarnate himself. Amen. Amen. Now I want you just to absorb that for a minute and say I thought justification sanctification baptism of the Holy Ghost. Yeah, it is exactly right. Amen. Justification because he's got to he's got to erase all your previous old sins. Now justification don't do a thing for your future sins. It's only takes everything you've ever done and justifies you of it. But then there's sanctification that comes in and takes over your life and you start going to church and you stop lying. You start loving the Lord. Brother Brandham says it's it's God getting a hold of your spirit so he can so he can talk to you. So he's trying to get you to the full new birth. And if you keep going on, you say, "Oh, I want to be born again." Do you know what that means? Is the Is the new birth just something some emotion that you felt or some words that you said? The new birth is God incarnating himself in his people. This isn't just a movement or some religion or some doctrine. This is an event. This is a happening. This is a reality. This message, you've been prophesied right into the literal life of God. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Justification, sanctification, and incarnate himself in his people with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. That's what the Holy Ghost is given for. That's what it is. That's what it does. And that's why it came. So now, see, so now he's he's exposing the the the low down copycat, Lucifer. Yeah. He says, "See, same thing. The devil is is just in type after Christ." See, Satan incarnates himself. Now, watch. When Jesus incarnates himself in his people, the very life that was in Christ is in the person. Amen. So if you're wondering why the world is so evil, wonder no longer because the he has incarnated himself in his people. And when God incarnates himself in them, they live the very life that was in Christ is in is now in me is now in you. So absent of that, then there's only two powers. You're either incarnated by Christ or you're incarnated by Satan. And I'm here to tell you that's the age you have arrived at. When you hear us talk about the end of the world, the end time, the last days, this is what's being accomplished. Amen. Amen. There's a church. There's a world becoming more and more and more wicked and evil until it gets to the point where it can't get any worse. until it does. Amen. It can't possibly get more perverted and than it does, right? Until it can't get worse until it does. And every um listen friends, on almost a a monthly basis, you know as well as I know, on nearly a monthly basis, we have to recalibrate what evil is. the the goalposts keep getting moved because you think, my this this is as bad as it can get. No, it's going to get much worse than it is right now. But it's also going to get much better than it is right now for a group of people who are the incarnated word. I'm here to tell you, it's going to get way better for people who are the incarnated word. Oh, I'm so glad that I believed a word. I've been prophesied right into it. It's took over my life. It's It's shaped and molded my goals, my dreams. It's changed everything. It caused me, as I've said to you before, once I met Jesus, I didn't want to be me anymore. Amen. I was like Jacob when he come down there after a life of you know just such a shyer and a gambler and a liar and a cheater and and cheating everybody and you know and and and here he comes to wrestle it with the angel and I I just I when I look at that whenever I go read that chapter I just say Jacob oh boy you are really tired of being Jacob aren't you? Amen. And then I hear Jacob answer, "Yes." And then I realize I'm the one talking. Yes. I'm done with Jacob. I don't want nothing to do with Jacob. He is such an enemy to me, brother Jack. Oh, if I wish I could shed him. I wish I could get rid of him. I wish the real me it will. I want to be free. You will be. Hallelujah. Oh, you're going to sing on that beautiful shore. As brother Brandham said, I'll sing on that beautiful shore. I remind the devil, I don't care what's happened yesterday or what might happen tomorrow. I'm going to sing on that beautiful shore. When Jesus incarnates himself and his people, the very life that was in Christ is in the person. Come and see. That's the message of the fourth seal. That's the message of the first, second, third, and fourth. From the lion to the ox to the man to the flying eagle, they all had a common message. Come and see. Not come and be persuaded. Come and get a revelation. See, so then the the second quote that's been burning on me is from the Invisible Union, very near the end of Brother's life and ministry. November 25, 1965. Look at the elected Abraham church pulled out. Big difference, isn't it? Not joining up. Pulled out. Look what kind of sign. Now, now just stay with me cuz I know what I'm about to say. You're like me. You've heard it a bunch of times over the years to where it's been, yeah, okay, I can almost quote it. I I know the point you're already about to make. And this is where Brother Brandham constantly went to. Now watch. He says, "Look what kind of sign that Jesus himself, the incarnated God standing there in human flesh." Now he's talking about Abraham. This is Melzdc, right? This is when Melzdc came to Abraham to confirm the promise and he was it's not like when he met him at the slaughter of the kings as as a theophony that which is why he didn't eat. He served Abraham communion. He didn't eat anything cuz thees don't eat. So that's why in the upper that's why when he came into the room with the disciples he said do you have any any meat here? Cuz now he's in a glorified state. He's not theophony and glorified. And so now he's actually going to eat. And Abraham is going to serve a meal and he's going to eat a calf sandwich and drink buttermilk and sit down like he's a human and yet he's God. Completely God. and and say how did he become a human? Was he born of a woman? No. Only Jesus. Jesus was the only begotten of the father because he was born of a woman. Melzdc he just was a God created a body took pot pash calcium cosmic light all these things the 16 elements that make up a body and blew himself a body and then just stepped into it and he came to meet Abraham and he has two messengers with him. and he blew them into bodies and brought them along and they're going to go on down to Sodom because they're not to Abraham. The one who's God in flesh is to Abraham. Hallelujah. See, and that's why you have G R A G R A H A M six letters. Graham, but Abraham is seven letters. See? And so so you find and then and then you find that the messenger to Sodom is six letters and the messenger to the bride is seven letters both ending in hamm. Amen. See, so so you find him coming and brother Brandham says, watch this now. He calls him Jesus, which is true. Although don't get confused. Brother Ram says, "Now we don't hear of Melzdc no more because he later became Jesus. That's the incarnated man born of a woman." Matthew 1:18. All right. So, but remember that the one born in Matthew chapter 1, that human man when when when the that's when he's born as a human. But the Bible, Paul told the church that that all things were made that Jesus Christ made everything that that everything was made by Jesus Christ. It's why Mary was told you will call his name Jesus. That was an important point because that was his name. Make sure you call him Jesus because that's been his name now for a long time. See, and it's his name under redemption. And so we find that he says here, he goes on now watch. He says that Jesus himself, here's the sign. Here's the sign that the elected called out Abraham group Saul, the incarnated God standing there in human flesh. You say because it's a modern theological debate. You say that was an angel. That's what many theologians say. Or is just a just a man, you know, as our again our local megaurch super preacher. He's just a man. He was born and he's die and he has mom and dad and he's going to die. You know, he's long ago dead. And I'm like, well, how how why does the Bible say that he abideth continually and he has no beginning of life, no beginning or ending of life, and abideth forever. And and I go right back to Brother Brad's hillbilly common sense. Whoever he was, he's still alive. I love Hillbilly common sense. Whoever he was, he's still alive. Yes. And as you and you're about to see why he's still alive. That's not just a little thing to say. There's a big big thing behind why he's still alive. Why he abideth a priest continually. See? And and so watch. So he says here, the incarnated God standing there in human flesh. You say that was an angel. The Bible said it was God, which bears out. The Old Testament word that Abraham called him in the Hebrew is never ever ever used except in a connotation of the Almighty. It's always referring to the Almighty God. He says, "The Bible said it was God, Lord God, Elohim, standing there in human flesh, showing, watch now, showing that he would so anoint his church in the last days." Amen. Amen. Now, here he is 2,000 years before he's even going to incarnate himself in a in a and a a child born of a woman. 2,000 years prior to that, he's already looking 2,000 years to that and 2,000 years past that to the last day, aka your day. Yes. Amen. So, here is 4,000 years ago and he's standing there as God in human flesh to do what? To do what? To so showing He's showing. So, it's come and see. He's showing that he would so anoint his church in the last days. It be God working in human flesh again. as it was in the days of Sodom, so shall it be at the coming of the son of man. Same kind of thing. See, they see it right there in the scriptures. So, this this is why the question, the epic question. This is why a prophet comes and he's going to preach a sermon. Who is this Melzdc? Now, I want you to think about this for a minute. Here's a prophet with a limited amount of time in the earth. He's only got so many days allotted to him. He's not going to make it to the rapture. No one knows that at the time. Even he don't know it at the time. But he's he he's got a he's got a a fixed amount of time to be in the earth. And he's and he's going as hard as he can. And he's only got so many sermons he can preach. And his ser his his preaching and his sermons are are what God is going to use to perfect a bride down through 2,000 years. I mean, am I building an important case in your mind? This is This is all the marbles. This is everything. This is God. This is 6,000 years of God working to restore Eden. And while he's doing that, he's letting Satan build his Eden so there can be this titanic clash of titans at the end between Christ and Antichrist. and a people who are being incarnated by Satan and a people who are called out and incarnated by God and he's 4,000 years ago. And so that's why they can argue all they want. You know, he was a man. He lived. He died. No, he was an angel. No, he was a phantom. No, he was this. No, he was that. But God had to settle the question and actually take a prophet with limited time and say, "You need to go to a pullpit and preach and answer this question. What question, Lord? Who is this Melzdc? Say, why is it so important? Because in Melchazdc, he's going to show you and me, the people of the end time. He's going to show you what he's what the plan is that God is going to incarnate himself by a people who have believed every word of God, who have taken it as their as their very life, and it's more important to them than life. I'm here to tell you friends, this thing isn't something we play around with. This isn't doctrine memorization. This isn't about camps or arguments. This is life. [Applause] This is God's remedy to give you life. Hallelujah. Everlasting. That's right. I mean, we were Chris and I were talking about it today. You know, you get people who just and there's an epidemic of it. People, you know, committing suicide. They've even glamorized it. It's among among teens. It's almost like a cool thing. And and I I think it's because that we've stopped preaching hell, Fire, and Brimstone. Somebody needs to tell them that if you if you end your life here, it doesn't end here. The bottom line is you don't have that power. You can stop this biological thing from working. But you can't end your life. Your life just picks up in another form. And you either have a word body theophony to step into or an anti-word body to step into. And you're either going up or you're going down. You're either going into the paradise of God or you're going into the worst horror. Horror. The worst nightmare. You've never had a nightmare like this. That's right. Amen. And people do that to escape the pain. As if this life has the ability to equal in pain and misery what that's going to be. This life in its worst condition and on your worst day is not even to be compared to the existence beyond this realm. See, people say, "Do you you don't believe in purgatory?" I do. I'm in it. Amen. If you're referring to that which is between heaven and hell, I'm in it. And I don't need a priest to pray me out of here. I'm being prophesied out of here. Hallelujah. Oh, glory to God. My faith. I got eagle wings to lift me up out of here. Oh friends, that's what this whole that's what the that's why the question had to be answered by a prophet so that there would be it's not going to be left ambiguous it's not going to be left in any kind of a question it will be God working in human flesh again when at the last day what's the sign I'm looking for as it was in the days of Sodom see so shall it be in the coming of the son of Man, so this is why brother Brandham would even, you know, he would say, "Now look at that sign. Look at he with his back turned to the tent. He discerned the thoughts in the heart of Sarah behind him." Amen. And then brother Brandham's wheel around, turn his back to the audience and start discerning hearts. A sign that hasn't been seen since the days of Jesus. Amen. That's the sign of the son of man. since you you could probably find that in in in in some form working in the early church cuz that was the ministry of the son of man as well. That was continuation of the of the ministry of the son of man. But we find that once once the light of the word started to go out and you get past Ireneius and then you don't even have a correct interpretation of the godhead anymore. And so now that that whole thing is now returning at the end time. And brother Brandham, brother Brandham is not up there trying to show he's the prophet of the age. He didn't even want to be the prophet of anything. He wanted to be a hunter and a trapper and leave people alone. But and so it's so it's not it's not even about his own human choice. It's not about your human choice. Say, "Oh, I just wish I could fit in." You're never going to fit in. You weren't put here to fit in. You're put here to so that so that you can say to the world, somebody can say, "Where is life?" You can say, "Come and see. How do I escape misery?" Come and see. What do I do about my depression? Come and see. Oh, I feel oppressed and I got all kinds of problems. What do I do? Come and see. And people are have glamorized suicide, jumping out of windows and and and and taking their own life. a life they didn't even give, life they can't control, and somehow thinking that that they're entitled to take it. So, it's going to show the bride of the last day, God's plan of restoration. He's going to bring the full token back to his family at the end time. Amen. And he's going to incarnate himself in a bride through preaching. Y through prophesying the message of the hour, you're lit. You know what it's going to produce? It's producing a called out people with the mind of Christ. Amen. And the other, which is everything outside of that, is Satan uh copying God, incarnating himself. And you know what it's doing? It's making a a beast right into people, making the mark of the beast right into people. Yeah. Amen. And instead of having the mind of Christ, total insanity. Amen. So this is the plan of God to counter the days of Lot and the days of Noah. That is this is how God's going to do it. This is how God is bringing the strength that we need for for the the day and hour that we live in where where the ma because now the madness is global. I mean, let's face it, the madness is global. Amen. You know, I I we hear and I and I and I'm I don't want to go too far into this because it's probably where I'm going to be someday, but you know, if if I wanted to convince the world of some statement and I said, "Man, I need some really highprofile who's the highest profile person I could get." If it's really imperative that the world catch a certain thing that they need to hear who who's the most powerful man in the world, it's obviously and has been for some number of decades, the office of the presidency of the United States and he's considered the most powerful man in the world. Now, we know he's not. We know that the the one in the Vatican is much more powerful. Amen. See, but but it but but as far as the world is concerned, if you've got to get a message that's got to resound and people have got to have some confidence in it, you're going to use uh pus to do it. And so here you've got pus coming up to say that we haven't faced the chance of Armageddon. And he's actually using a biblical word. We haven't faced Armageddon. and like since the day of the the Cuban missile crisis. And I thought that was amazing because when you go back to the Cuban missile crisis, they were needlessly caught offguard. If you go back into the history, you've got a prophet starting all the way back at the beginning that that happened in late late 1962. a prophet almost two years ahead of that starts talking about the threat that Russia poses. I'm gonna read the quotes tonight. Maybe get to them someday. The threat that Russia poses and brother Brandon just blows it off to say Cuba could do it right now. And he says, "Here they are worried about Cuba. And did you hear the president say he's going to make an example out of Berlin?" And and he said and here's Cuba right in their backyard. And he said and he's like two or three different places years before the becomes a crisis but nobody's listening to the prophet. That's who POTUS should have been lift listening to. JFK should have been listening to William Brandham. He said wow did you guys hey let's gather the Pentagon. There's a prophet in Indiana who said we better worry about Cuba and they wouldn't have got caught flatfooted like that. See and so now now you've got uh the president of the United States today. He's going back to that missile crisis and saying, "Now, we haven't been this close to Armageddon." And I'm going to tell you something, friends. I love when Brother Brandham, he comes in 1956 and he preaches a sermon that went right over the heads of of America because it was their last year to accept grace. And and they're coming right down to the end and they're not going to take it. The prophet can see it. He's warned them. The Jubilee is passing. It came in 1906. Here it is 50 years later. It's a Jubilee. And he says, "This year, you'll either accept it this year or from here you'll go down, down." And historically, they have. It has went down, down, down, down. And he preaches a sermon titled the invasion of the USA. And here they're worried about bomb shelters in Russia. They're not even thinking about Cuba and they've got this going on and that going and they're trying they're trying to hold the world together. I understand that. I understand that. I'm not ridiculing them. I mean, that's what I would be doing. I'd be trying to do everything I could. I'd just have to, you know, nobody really knows how to do it. They're just having to figure it out as they go. The experts say that out in the open. All they can do is think about history and well, this worked, this didn't work. It's like the economy. You You want to have something make you nervous? here hear Greenspan literally say, you know, well, we're we're supposed to keep the economy going, but the problem is nobody really knows how to do it, right? And and the interviewer said, "You got to be kidding. You're supposed to know how to do it." He goes, "No, no one actually knows how." He said, "We're just trying to all we can ever do is give it our best educated guess based on history and based on numbers and models, but the models move and the, you know, the future's always moving. We don't know." And and that's how uncertain the world is. And yet here is solid rock and they won't stand on it. Think of how privileged you are. The fact that God has given you the ability to believe every word. No wonder your hearts aren't failing for fear. No wonder you wake up every day and you love the Lord and you look you're still looking for Mount Zion. And there's nothing not enough devils in this world to throw you off track. I'm here to tell you something, friends. There's nothing going to throw me off track. The world is unaware. They say, "America, were we ever going to get invaded?" They were invaded. Brother, a prophet preached the invasion of the USA. And it was an invasion of demons taking over the nation because the nation rejected God for the last time. I'm here to tell you something, friends. One of these times they're going to give a speech for the last time. One of these times, they're going to have an election for the last time. One of these times you're going to come to a Wednesday night for the last time and you're not going to need to come back here on Sunday because every day is going to be an eternal day. Hallelujah. That's what that's why he had to answer the question. Who is this Melzdc? And only the called out catch it. When the two messengers went down to Sodom, Lords plural, they're not even catching the oneness between Christ and his bride. Hallelujah. Oh, let's stand up, friends. I got to stop here. I'm going to end up in my Sunday notes. Oh, what a glorious revelation of the word of God for this hour. to imagine to try to get your mind around the fact of what God has done and what God has called you to. It's a serious time. This is God's plan, as I was saying, to counter the days of Lot and Noah because the madness is now global and the beast's mind has literally well, it's permeated into every level of society. with Satan incarnating himself throughout humanity in his perfect Eden. You know that he said 6,000 years he's incarnating himself and has incarnated himself throughout humanity coming to his perfect Eden. And it's just that it's just at this time that God perfects a bride right under his nose. And I say praise be to God. God right right at the time right at the time he's perfecting his bride Christ is perfecting his he's marrying her in invisible union so the world don't believe it that's cuz it's invisible they're going to find out one of these days they're going to look around brother said they're going to say well I thought Elijah was supposed to come I thought this was supposed to happen and he said they'll hear a voice say it's already come and you didn't know it. Oh my my my my. Let's bow our heads now. Father, we thank you for your word tonight. Thank you, Lord. It thrills me so much. It just means so much to me when I start to think of it, Lord, and we begin to break it down and the reality of it be it be we we start to absorb it and I realize, my goodness, I I this is happening and I'm in the big middle of it. Hallelujah. It's happening all around me. It's like I'm being caught in a vortex of prophecy and it's just wrapping up lifting a bride right off the earth. Oh, master, we pray tonight for all of our loved ones. We pray for our families tonight. This is such a serious time. I pray for parents to have wisdom, Lord, for their children, for their teenagers. I pray for teenagers, Lord, that they be filled with your spirit. Oh God, I pray for the single. I pray for the married. I pray for the young. I pray for the elderly. Lord, I pray for the ministers. I pray for the leoty. I one and all. All in one. Oh God, we must see you clearly. We must. We must see you. No wonder Satan fills up our lives with every kind of distraction. That's not new. That's not novel. He's been doing that for a long time. What it's not even alarming that he's doing that. What's alarming is that he's has too much success in those who are your family who ought to be that ingrained in the world. Ought to be. They oughtn't to be that that far out that they can't feel that movement of the Holy Spirit looking to incarnate itself within their lives. I pray Lord God for your family. I pray for the strong. I pray for the weak. I pray for those who are strong in faith, those who are weak in faith, those with a strong commitment and those who need a strong commitment. I pray, oh God, for our homes. This is a treacherous time and the enemy has incarnated himself and it's permeated society at every level. There is no clean place. I pray Lord God that you will help us in these closing scenes of history. We don't know how many days we have left but we know the last day is approaching rapidly. We're up against a fixed we're up against a fixed date. a fixed date that Jesus said the father had it in his head when he was going to restore Israel. You're going to restore Israel. They ask you, "Will you at this time restore Israel?" And and Jesus said the father has that to himself. There is a time when he's going to send Moses and Elijah and restore Israel. That's a fixed time. That's on the calendar now. We don't know how close we are to it, but we know we're being backed up against a an unmovable line. And you're going to have to exodus your bride before before you can do that. So, master, prophetically speaking, time can't just keep going on. I know it can seem like that. The devil gets people thinking that way. Oh, where is the promise of his coming? For since the fathers fell asleep, all things are the same and nothing changes. Oh, it does. It's changing. Every day that calendar changes. it comes nearer to that fixed date that the father knows we're coming up against a fixed a fixed wall and we're going to have to be ready. And once it reaches that wall, whoever's not ready will will be left behind to face a world of tribulation. Don't let that be me, oh God. Don't let that be any of my loved ones. Don't let that be anybody in this church. Oh master, help us tonight. Lord God, help us to be serious minded to see the the hour that we've arrived at. Your coming is soon. It has to be very soon. So, we thank you. We see the world falling to pieces all around us. I pray that you will move on our hearts, Lord God, to to to desire to pull close to you at this hour. Pull away from the world. Pull close to you. May you grant it, Lord. We love you for this service tonight. I thank you for your great grace and your great mercy to us. I commit it to you in Jesus name. Amen. Let me look at prayer requests. Brother Anthony, sing for us. Blessed be blessed be blessed be your name. Blessed be [Music] blessed be your name. Let the people proclaim holy. Come on, lift it up now. You are holy God. As we lift up your name [Music] and give glory so much glory, glory to your name. Sing it again now. Blessed be blessed be blessed be your name your name. Blessed be blessed be blessed be your name. Let the people proclaim. You are holy. You are holy God. as we lift up your name and give glory. Glory to your name. Have a number of requests that have come in. Let me just make sure I'm not missing any. I don't think I am. I think I got them all here. [Music] Okay. So, here's what um here's what I have. We had an internet uh request come in. Where did this go? Oh, here we go. Pray for Lorraine Chavez to be healed of memory loss and hearing loss. All health problems and be restored to excellent health and all things restored back to her. Lorraine Chavez. Um, Sister Becca says, "Uh, can you pray for Uncle Chuck? Uh, he's not good healthwise. On full oxygen." Wow. Full oxygen. Wow. How old is he now? Be back. Wow. Most of y'all know um this is the one that comes and visits, right? Yeah. And your mother's brother, right? So, we want to be remembering Sister Rebecca's uncle, Chuck. Um, [Music] who who sent me this? Okay, here is um, excuse me. I I realized I just got this and I didn't write who it's from. [Music] Okay, so here is uh Oh, so here's one from Sister Chidity. I'm having to stream tonight as I'm struggling with a sinus infection. My devil just battles our sister so much with that sinuses and I I get it's rainy and I get, you know, the season maybe, but let's just be praying for our sister Chassity tonight. Um, I'd appreciate the church's prayer. Brother George writes, "Good evening, Brother Jason. God bless. Prayer requests for my mother, Sister Dorothy Buckman. doctors said unless uh the doctor said results on her biopsy of the small mass in her lung was positive for cancer. The good news is they caught it early and are recommending surgery to remove it with no other treatments needed. Just u join us in prayer and believing this tumor will shrink between now and when the surgery is scheduled. So it won't even be necessary. Amen. I'll pray for that. Praise the Lord that God will absolutely move for these needs. Uh so if you sent me something, I'm sorry I didn't see it. Uh I think I've got everything that was sent to me. Hopefully haven't overlooked anything. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's bow our heads again. Father, we thank you tonight. And Lord, I I say as I I love those soothing words, Lord, that our deacon is fond of saying, "Lord, I love you." Lord, I love you. I love to hear that said and I love saying it. Lord, I love you. Father, we love you tonight. Master, we love you tonight. Oh Lord Jesus, our our king, our our maker, our oh father, the bridegroom of the bride, Lord, the giver of eternal life and all good things and you've give us your word and give us your spirit. We love you for this, Lord. Help us tonight, Lord, to absorb the words that we heard. May there be a manifestation, Lord. May you demonstrate your word as you as the Bible says in the book of Acts, he showed himself alive after his passion. You love to show yourself alive, oh God. And we thank you for that. We ask for these requests, Lord God. We're asking for Sister Chassity. We're asking for Sister Rebecca's uncle. We're asking for Brother George's mother. We're asking for this internet requests that come in. Lord, you heard those requests read. And father, you know what the need is there. And I pray, Lord God, that you will move supernaturally. Come here, Mason. Come here. Come here. Put your arms around me. Father, in the name of Jesus, cursed be the enemy, Lord, that's trying to torment. Demons are tormentors. They're tormentors, Lord. and I condemn Satan in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Father, I deliver him in the name of the son of God. Lord, with the anointing upon me, I lay my arms and put my arms around him. He wraps his arms around me and I condemn the work of the enemy. On behalf of the kingdom of heaven, I speak deliverance and freedom on behalf of the family of God. I speak freedom and deliverance in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. That name above all names. We condemn the enemy. Satan, you are defeated. You are exposed. You have no rights. You are a trespassor. This is a young man who loves the Lord and loves the word. And you have no rights. No rights whatsoever. Christ has removed them from you. And I condemn you from this very hour. You will take your hands off of God's property. We adjure you by Jesus Christ, the son of God, who defeated you at Calvary, stripped you of every power, and you have no power left. All power and authority is given unto Christ and he has given it unto his church and he has ordained me as a shepherd over this young man and I condemn you. I stand as a prophet said you hear me Satan. A prophet said I am commissioned to stand in the steps of Jesus Christ and to perform his works. You're a liar. Christ is true and you're condemned now. Leave him. I pray master in the name of Jesus Christ that the Holy Ghost who is the enforcer of God's word will see him to complete freedom and deliverance. Let it be so from this very hour in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Go believing it, Mace. God bless you. It's going to be all right. Amen. Praise the Lord. Sing for us, Brother Anthony. Amen. Amen. Blessed be. [Music] Blessed be blessed be your name. [Music] Blessed be blessed be blessed be your name. Let the people proclaim [Music] you are holy. You are holy as we lift up your name [Applause] and give glory. Glory to your name. Let the people proclaim you are holy. You are holy God. As we lift up your name and give glory, say gloryy to your name. Let the people you are holy. You are all we are as we lift your name and give glory. [Music] [Applause] Glory to your blessing. [Music] Bless me. Blessed be blessed be your name your name. Blessed be God bless you friend. Blessed in Jesus name. Blessed be Godless. Let the people holy. You are holy. You are holy, God. As we lift up your name and give gloryy. Glory to your name. Let the people proclaim you are holy. You are holy God. We lift up your name and give you glory. Glory to your name. [Music] Blessed be [Music] blessed be. [Music] Blessed be. [Applause] Blessed be me. [Music] Oh, blessed be your name. Let the people proclaim [Music] you are holy. You are holy God as we lift up your name and give glory. Oh Lord, your name. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Let the people proclaim [Music] you are holy. You are holy God. as we lift up your name and give gloryy. Gloryy to your name. Let the people proclaim [Applause] you. Holy, [Music] you are holy, God. As we lift up your name and give glory, glory to your name. Lift up your name. and give gloryy, gloryy to your name. I have a maker. He formed my heart. Before even time began, my life was in his hand. [Music] He knows my name. [Music] He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and he hears me when I come. [Music] He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and he hears me where I go. [Music] I have a father. [Music] He calls me his own. [Music] He'll never leave me. No matter where I go, he knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees his cheer that falls and he hears me where I call. [Music] [Applause] He knows my name.
