################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2022-09-18 - 220918 - Jason Watkins: The Time Of All Things - Jason Watkins - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2022-09-18
Title:   220918 - Jason Watkins: The Time Of All Things
Speaker: Jason Watkins
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kYX3ZJQ81Ww
========================================

And our spirits shall sorrow no more. Not a sigh for the blessing of rest. Not a sign for the blessing of rest. My goodness. My goodness. My goodness. Uh 1 Peter chapter 4. Let's read and we'll let you be seated. Going to catch verses 3-7. Yes. For the time passed of our earthly life may suffice us to have wrought the will of the Gentiles when we walked in lasciviousness, lust, excess of wine, rellings, banquetings, and abominable idolatries. Boy, we had a pretty rough past, didn't we? Amen. None none of us good. Not one. Amen. Amen. We ought to just say, "Thank God for grace and mercy. Amen. Cuz we were all stinkers. Amen. Verse four. Wherein they think it strange that you run not with them to the same excess excessive riot, speaking evil of you. Who shall give account to him that is ready to judge the quick and the dead? For for this cause, for for this cause was the gospel preached also to them that are dead, that they might be judged according to men in the flesh, but live according to God in the spirit. I love this next verse, the seventh verse. But the end of all things is at hand. Be you therefore sober and watch unto prayer. I want to take a title today, the time of all things. The time of all things. Let's pray. Father, we thank you for your word this morning, Lord. And we are humbled to be here and master, I've just felt such a nearness to you this morning. Such an anointing upon the word and such the the word that has already gone forth, Lord, and the songs that have gone forth. how I could how I heard confirmation after confirmation after confirmation, Lord, even even to the degree that I I I was forced to uh to literally turn the Sunday school class off in my office because it it was just so so right in in step, Lord God. And I just thought, my goodness, the anointing of the Lord is is here today to bring this word to the church. Oh God, help us today, master, to be believers of your word. Bless us one and all as we do our best now, Lord, in service to you in Jesus name. Amen. God bless. You can be seated. Happy to still have brother Anton uh with us this this morning. And uh I I would try his last name, but it's Lithuanian, and I'd butcher it sure as anything. But I know that you've enjoyed his fellowship. We had him yesterday. A number of the brothers got to meet him there. Really good in the uh Saturday morning men's breakfast Bible study. Had a good time in the word yesterday. My sure appreciate all the brothers who are able to make it out on that uh on those Saturdays. We do that every other every other week or we try to anyway best we can. So I want you now to uh let's go to second Thessalonians. You'll put that up for me. May I please? and uh 2 Thessalonians chapter 2. And I want to continue on now. And I I just want to say that, you know, you're you just to kind of give you a little bit of background, you know, the the the church there in that early uh Ephesian age, that that alpha church, they certainly believed that the coming the second coming of Christ was imminent upon them. Now, it was imminent in the mind of God when Jesus said to John, "Behold, I'm coming. I'm coming quickly. I'm coming soon." That he was not being facitious. That wasn't a joke. You have to understand that that a thousand of your earth years is just a day to him. Sister, happy to have you here. God bless you. See you too also. See, I'm still seeing visitors. So happy to have these different ones here with us. And uh and so we we find that it was just, you know, to to to God saying, you know, I'm coming. Now, we've looked at it as 2,000 years. We've had 20 centuries. We've had seven church ages. But God the Father always knew he was going to have seven church ages. And yet would still say, "I'm I behold, I come quickly and my reward is with me." He knew it would be 2,000 years in earth time, but he would still say, "I'm coming soon." And and that was constantly the message. And another apostle in another place says, "The one who who's coming will not tarry." See? And so so you have to understand, you've got your perspective, and you've got God's perspective. when God is giving that promise out using his his prophet from the future who's John's tour guide through the day of the Lord and the events leading up to it. You know, he said, you know, take this message to them. Behold, I'm coming quickly. Behold, I'm coming soon. Have everybody get ready and in in the mind of the Lord. It was only a couple days. I'll be there in just a couple days. Tell them everybody to get ready. Now, in our time, sure, it's taken 20 centuries. And brother Brandham alludes to the fact that, you know, he's not going to let the church know that. They didn't realize that because because every age he's wanted them to believe the eminency of his coming that it's immediate. And so he, brother Brandham talks about that. I don't remember the exact language. I don't have it in front of me, but he alludes to that how that it would have I think the word he used it may have discouraged them that to know that no, he's not coming in my lifetime. and and and so we realized that that that that that many were running around. There was a lot of, you know, confusion as the as the early church began to slip and began to recede and began to backslide. You say, "My goodness, you shouldn't talk about the early church like that." I'm not talking about the elected family. The elected family has always stayed true to what God has revealed. I'm talking about the age, the age of the church. it began to backslide and as a whole began to backslide and the age with it. And so remember that in in in every age you had the true church and the false church. All right? So but even we find that the that the the gatherings of the true church that we find that the mysteries begin to fade and they begin to lose their understanding and that came from a relaxing. That's what that's what Ephesus, you know, uh goes goes on to if we start breaking down those words. And so we find that they begin to relax and they begin to backslide and Paul warned them about that. And Paul talks about, you know, that I I fear after my departure. You know, grievous wolves will come in among you, not sparing the flock. And you know, you you find you find John having to write and say, you know, anyone who will not confess that Jesus Christ has come in the flesh, that's Antichrist. Cuz the spirit of Antichrist, everybody in the modern day is worried about the Antichrist in the tribulation. They're totally unaware the Antichrist has been here for 2,000 years working in the Christian church. The spirit of Antichrist, the Bible says, which already doth work in the churches. So you you had him you had you know you you hadnosticism and the gnostics rising up and they they wanted to deny the physical incarnation of God in Christ. Now they had a reason for that. It wasn't just you know that that they were ignorant of the word. What the reason they were teaching that is because they did not want to um believe that God came in the flesh. Because if they believed that God came in the flesh, then that was an example of how they should live as men in the flesh, that Jesus was a prototype. He was the beginning of a brand new type of human, the beginning of the creation of God. And and if and if they could disassociate God from actually living as a human, then they did not need to practice holiness. They could live however they wanted and they could still claim to believe in the Lord Jesus Christ. So they're doing it today and I want to tell you that's not a new doctrine. It's not new to say I'm a Christian but I still want to live how I want to live. And and that's why you know John begins writing letters. If you won't confess that he came in the flesh then you're antichrist. It proves that you don't want the life you don't want to live the lifestyle he lived. So you you do that uh in a slick way by just saying, "Oh, he was an angel. He was not a human or he was an apparition or he was some form, but he was not actually a human man." Ianius tore them to pieces over that his militant way. Brother Brandham said he didn't mince words at all. If you go into his writings, uh he literally just called them the sons of Satan. He didn't play. And uh that's why brother Brandham chose him as that second messenger. Fact is he was the last messenger to have a clear understanding of the godhead. Brother Brandham teaches us and so it began to slip away during those times and you have apostles writing letters to the churches saying hey listen you need to earnestly contend for the faith once delivered. We're starting to slip here. Things are starting to go sideways. uh you know, apostles are starting to get martyed and killed and you know, James was put to the sword and Paul's been taken prisoner and John got sent to a prison camp and you know, and all of these different things and Thomas, we understand, was murdered, you know, in in Asia and and so so you're you're starting to see these things happen and and the church is saying, "But isn't he coming? Isn't he coming?" Yeah, he was coming. Yeah. Amen. But we know that that men men begin during that time where it's starting to, you know, the apostles are starting to die off. Confusion is starting to come in. False church is starting to make its way. The nostnostics are starting to invade. And people like Ananas and Safh who are make believers are sitting in true churches. Amen. See, so so then you you find that many of them begin to preach strange heresies and strange doctrines and they begin to lead whole households. The Bible says lead whole households and and and silly women and and and and and saying and then some of them were saying, you know, attacking Paul and saying, "Oh, he's an impostor." And they were attacking John. And John writes a letter saying, you know, there's a pastor up here in another church and he doesn't even receive me anymore. And and he as far as he's concerned, I'm anathema, but I'm going to go up there and I'm going to deal with him. And John did, you read the history and and Paul, you know, he's falsely accused of all these things. And th this was a time when the church was starting to slip away from that those early years of purity and men were starting to rise up saying the resurrection must already be passed because we know that he should have already been here. He he promised us he would be here. And so here here's the new doctrine. The resurrection is passed already because they're looking at Peter, right? The end of all things is at hand. They're looking at at at at another apostle saying he won't tarry. And now there's So now they conclude, "Wow, it must already be passed. We there now we we're going to have to have a new doctrine and figure out, you know, how are we going to get in? It must not be a corporal coming. It must be some kind of spiritual thing." See, so these things aren't new. You see these doctrines surface today. They're not new. the these are just these are just microwaved and reheated uhnosticism. I hate to burst their bubble. I just, you know, but I get, well, I I don't get pleasure in what they're doing, but I I I I do enjoy uh, you know, see men who are so puffed up in their knowledge and all of their false teaching and I just say, "Look, what you're saying isn't novel or new and and you know, because I I study the history and I go back to the original writings and that's what I do. It's what I love." And so, I've been doing it for years. So, it's it's hard to get those things past me because I'm I'm always correlating prophecy not to scripture, not to just prophecy, but into the past. And I think any student of the Bible is good to do that, a student of the of the word. So, so we we find that that th this was what was going on. And Paul has to come along here now and start to correct some of this teaching. He says, "Now in 2 Thessalonians chapter 2, referring to the day of the Lord, now we beseech you, brethren, by the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by the gathering together unto him, that ye be not soon shaken in mind." See, so why did he have to say that? It was obviously happening. See, he's not just making, you know, there's no nothing in the Bible that's that's that's pointless. All right? that you be not soon shaken in mind or be troubled, neither by spirit, nor by word, nor by letter as from us, as that the day of Christ is at hand. Let no man deceive you by any means, for that day shall not. Now, he's not arguing against Peter. He's not saying, "Hey, Peter was wrong and I got to fix it." That's not what's happening here. He's attacking these men who are saying, you know, it's all passed into something spiritual now. Paul's trying to bring everybody back to re to common sense and say listen let no man deceive you by any means for that day shall not come except there come a falling away first and that man of sin be revealed the son of predition. Now there there's there's no way they could have known what this was going to look like in 2022. Amen. Did Paul Well, I don't know. We'll find out someday. I do know that he was caught up to the third heaven and saw it and heard things he couldn't even wasn't even allowed to say. And brother Brandham says God doesn't tell his prophets everything, but neither does his prophets tell the people everything. See, so he says, "For that day shall not come except there come a falling away first, and that man of sin be revealed, the son of predition, who opposeth and exaltth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped, so that he is God, siteth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God." In other words, it the the it's it the the the resurrection, the rapture can't come until Satan fulfills his desire that Isaiah prophesied where said, you have said in your heart, I will ascend. I will be like the most high. And Paul is saying until Satan is able to accomplish that, God's not going to, you know, do an end around or sucker punch him and pull us out of the way. God's going to let him fulfill. God's going to give him 6,000 years to complete his Eden. Amen. Just like God had 6,000 years. And so th this is why brother Brandon would come into scriptures like this and others and talk about that that day of darkness. And brother Brandon would take sermons, you know, like the God of this evil age, or he would take something like Satan's Eden, and he would go back to Paul's letters, and he would prove to say the day Paul was talking about is now. That what you're looking at in the modern 20th and 21st century is you are now looking at modern events made clear in prophecy. Because it had to go through seven ages. that had to complete 6,000 years. Satan, it took him that long to get his to get Satan's Eden ready. And and guess what? Here you are. So, I'm here to tell you today, you are living in the time of all things. We're not standing back waiting for years and years and decades of prophecy. You are now living in the time of all things. Well, let me give you some good news. This is the time of the overcomer. This is the time of total victory. This is the time of perfect faith. And you're living in it and you have access to it. It's here. Amen. Verse four, who opposeth and exaltth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshiped, so that he as God sitth in the temple of God, showing himself that he is God. Verse 5, remember you not, that when I was yet with you, I told you these things, and now you know what withholdeth, that he might be revealed in his time. For the mystery of iniquity doth already work, only he who now letth will let until he, that's Christ, and the bride, be taken out of the way. Amen. And then and then now now you're coming over into chapter 11 and they kill two prophets. And and as brother Matt was talk teaching this morning, I literally had to turn his class off because I couldn't believe what I was hearing. He was literally using lines out of my notes verbatim. And I wrote to him and I said, "Did you break into my house last night? Did you hack my computer? What in the world? You thief." So I just turned him off. That was got rid of him. I've never had to do that. And so, so, so we find that, you know, he he says this is what withholdeth. And and there's where brother Brandham interprets how that the the gent the Jews brought the gospel to the Gentiles and the Gentiles take it back to the Jews. And he'll do and brother Brandham interprets that. He said he'll he'll have Moses and Elijah to go forth and take this very message that you Gentiles are loving and it's changing your life and he's going to take the same message which is going to produce the same faith in those elected Jews and that's going to that Amen. that's going to bring a perfect faith that's going to bring the same token, the same Holy Ghost and they're going to be born again. Amen. See, and this explains why when you come to the 14th and 15th chapter, you find, you know, especially chapter 15, you find the the 144,000 and the foolish virgin, the remnant of the woman's seed. You find them all singing and one's got the song of Moses and another's got the song of the lamb and the ones who have the song of Moses identifies them as 144,000 and they're in the millennium. The ones who have the song of the lamb, which is Christ, don't go in the millennium because that's the foolish virgin. And they have to abide under the altar of God in a paradise waiting out the thousand years. You say, "Well, why they're both there together? Why does some get to go and others don't?" Well, they're all leaving this realm. Thank God. They're going they're they're entering into a realm of paradise. And so, but you find it's because that the 144,000, they're in the millennium with us because they're born again like you are. Amen. See, he that letth will let until he, Christ in the bride, be taken out of the way. And then the eagle anointing lifts up, flies east, picks up Moses and Elijah, and the gospel goes to the Jews. And then they they murder them, and they martyr them. The 144,000 are martyed. The prophets are martyed. The f the foolish virgin are all martyed. And then grace is completely gone. There's no more blood in the earth. All the redeemed are now dead and killed. And then the Bible says, "And the the end of the second woe, behold, the third woe cometh quickly." Amen. See, and it wraps up very fast. And so so so you you you find that prophecy moving at a at a perfect pace. Now, I'm I'm I'm dropping these nuggets to you, and it's it's it's definitely augmenting what you heard this morning if you were here in the Sunday school class. Hope you were. And and and and the reason that these things are so important is because it strengthens the reality of my title, the time of all things. Which means there's no more time for playing church. There's no more time for you to stay bound. This is the time of victory. This is the time of total freedom. This is the hour when the power of the word is so strong, if you'll take it, it'll change everything about you. This is the time when sickness can will lose its hold and even your body at the molecular level will be changed. Oh, I'm here to tell you something, friends. If you're sitting a long time sick in your body, you are to stand up and claim victory today. If you've got an oppression, if you've got a trial, if you've got some plague, I say I'd stand to my feet and say, "Today, I am free from that." And I declare it in the presence of God. Hallelujah. Doesn't matter what it is. Doesn't matter what the need is. This is the time of all things. This is the time when every child I have is claimed under the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ. This is a time when Satan can't hold us any longer. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. This is the time of supreme power invested in the bride. That's right. See? And then verse eight, then shall that wicked be revealed whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth. And I I don't want to go into all this breakdown. shall destroy um how much do I want to shall let's not let and destroy with the brightness of his coming even him whose coming is after the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders with all deceivleness of unrighteousness in them that perish sad story isn't it because they received not the love of the truth that they might be saved Receiving doctrinal teaching alone, even correct doctrinal teaching alone, is not in and of itself what gives you eternal life. Amen. Because that's the secret Satan knows. He doesn't care how religious you are. You need to go to church, but that doesn't bother him. See, you you you need correct teaching. But he doesn't care how right you are in your doctrine. Because here's what he know. If you don't have a love for that truth, if that truth isn't everything to you, if that word isn't a person of Christ who you love and whom you adore and whom you want to give your whole life to, oh, you're still sitting in your sins, my friend. And I'm offering you today to say, "This is the time of all things. This is the time of perfect love. This is the time of the token. This is the time when you can when you can reach out by faith because you've recognized your day and its message and you recognize who you are and your position in the word. And you have a right to make a claim. And I want to tell you in the time of all things, you have all rights. It's in your inheritance. You have a right to the power of God. You don't need anyone's permission. I'm here to tell you, they've had all kinds of camps of this and camps of that and and and emotional this and emotional that. And all they did, all they did was when you got into their camps, they told you what you could believe and what you couldn't believe. And they told you, you know, whether they were very emotional or didn't believe in emotion, they told you you could have this and all you got to do is name it and claim it or over here, no, it's gone. It's a day's past. You can't have that thing. I don't need anyone's permission to believe every word. I don't need anyone's permission to believe in the power of God. I don't need anyone's permission to operate the gifts of the spirit. It's my inheritance. And I'm in the day of all things. It's all revealed to me. It's all open to me. Amen. Verse 10. Oh, I'm sorry. Verse uh yeah, verse 10. Verse 11. For and for this cause God shall send them strong delusion that they should believe a lie that they might all be damned who believed not the truth but had pleasure. So it shows where their love was. Right. Yeah. Their love wasn't in the truth. They had pleasure in unrighteousness. Amen. So you can see it's not about believing or disbelieving teaching. It's a love for God's word or a pleasure in unrighteousness. And and and you know so so so th this is how these how these things become identified. See, and and we don't judge uh motives. We're not supposed to do that because you don't know what's in a man's heart. I get that. We we can judge behavior. We certainly can judge behavior, but I don't I don't try to judge motives. I don't know what's in a person's heart. All I can do is read the scripture and say to myself, "Oh, when he appeared, I loved him." As Paul said, not only for me also, but for them who love his appearing. And when he has appeared in this day, I'm sorry if you don't, but I love his appearing. It's my life. Hallelujah. Is it your life today? And God has moved down in among us. Amen. Amen. Amen. God has moved among us. And we can see it. We We know his presence is here. That they all might be damned who believe not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness. Now, Revelation chapter 1 1:3, the revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him to show unto his servants things which must shortly come to pass, shortly. And he sent and signified by his angel unto his servant John. Now, this same signifying angel, John tried to worship him two or three times because he was so much like Christ that John had been around Christ. And when he saw that spirit so manifested in this prophet from the future that he tried to fall down and worship him and the prophet kept having to stand him up and say, "Don't worship me. I'm just your brother. I'm just a fellow servant. I'm one of the prophets." So this signifying angel, this tour guide, this prophet from the future. He's giving him this message and and he says verse two, who bear record of the word of God and the testimony of Jesus Christ and of all things that he saw. Blessed is he that readeth and they that hear the words of this prophecy and keep those things which are written therein. Here it is again. For the time is at hand. Now John, understand this. John has been transported to the day of the Lord. Yeah. To the judgment day. That's the day of the Lord is the day of judgment. Go back all through the Old Testament. That's what it it's referring to. The great day of the Lord, the great day of God when he's going to come with and take vengeance and set up his family in a millennial world. So now John is going to be given a tour of 2,000 years where God's going to show him and write it in a book full of symbols how he how he did it. Say, "You mean how he's going to do it?" No. No. No, no, no. How he did it? Remember, John's already called all the He's transported all the way to that time. He's standing there. Don't think of time linearly like you do. You get trapped up. God's not bound by that. A prophet could stand here and look at your life and go into your past and stand and and tell you what you prayed in a prayer or what a doctor said to you in a hospital room or the color of clothing you were wearing. And then he can come right here and go in on into your future and say you'll be in a car and you'll call it this way and this this very thing will happen. So, so don't don't get trapped by the classical models of space and time. You understand? God's not bound by any of that stuff. He built it. He moves in and out of it. Moves forward and backwards of it. And it's all re it's all right now to God. There is no yesterday or tomorrow. It's all now. And so John is is brought forward. And there's where he shows him the ages. Yes, it's going to be the future of the ages, but then he goes immediately from chapter 3 into chapter four and five. And brother Brandham shows now John is being showed. The church went up at the end of chapter 3. Now John is going to be showed in chapters four and five and onward how God did it. How he pulled it off. This is how he did it. And he sent a messenger. He had stars in his right hand and sent them to each age and they caught it and ran with it. And then and then you're going to see how that the there were seals operating and there was a white horse and and there was a lion and you got all these symbolism and it's going to show how that it was Christ and the antichrist fighting all the way along until it gets down to the to the time of the end. And at the time of the end he would visit the earth with a prophet who would catch the last remaining message and that would gather a bride from around the world and form her into the living image of the living God. Oh my So he says, "For the time is at hand." Then we then we let's look at that's the first of it of that of that prophetic book. Then we go to the last chapter, chapter 22, verse 6. And he said unto me, "These things are faithful and true. And the Lord God of the holy prophet sent his angel to show unto his servants the things which must shortly be done. Behold, I come quickly. Blessed is he that keepeth the saying of the prophecy of this book. So now, not only did he assure the church that it would he would come quickly and come soon at the beginning, but now he's standing in chapter 22 at the end of it all. And he's saying, I mean, it's going to represent 20 centuries. And he's standing at the end of it going, "Behold, I come quickly." From that perspective. Yeah. Amen. Amen. So don't be weary and welloing. You'll reap if you faint not. Don't faint. Don't faint. Be strong in the Lord. He who you look for will suddenly come to his temple. Oh my. Here's the important part of that verse. Verse seven. Behold, I come quickly. Blessed is he that keepeth the saying of the prophecy of this book. Keep the saying of it. See, and I, John, saw these things and heard them. And when I heard them, when I heard and seen, I fell down to worship before the feet of the angel, which show me these things. So, here's this prophet from the future. Then said he unto me, "See thou do it not, for I am thy fellow servant, and of thy brethren the prophets, and of them which keep the sayings of this book, worship God." And he saith unto me, "Seal not the sayings of the prophecy of this book, for the time is at hand. The time is at hand. Now we go on because now you watch. Now watch how the tribulation period starts to set in. Verse 11. He that is unjust, let him be unjust still. This is the scripture brother Brandon would go to every time when the bride is gone. Now let he that is filthy be filthy still. No one is saved. No Gentiles are saved in the millennium. They already have in the in the tribulation. They already have salvation in Christ. Now, they're not redeemed. They're not born again. Matthew 25 proves that. They've got to come there and be granted eternal life. But they do have a saving faith in Christ. And they're they're they're righteous. And that you say, "How do we know who that is?" It's not hard. They're righteous. The Bible calls them saints, which means sanctified ones. Amen. It's not church people who don't live sanctified lives. That's not foolish virgin. Amen. It's never been. It never will be. It is saints. It is righteous. And the king said unto the righteous, and the righteous said unto the king. And these were saints. These were sanctified ones. See? So, so we find that he says, "He that is unjust, let him be unjust still. And he which is filthy, let him be filthy still. And he that is righteous, let him be righteous still. And he that is holy, let him be holy still. And behold, here it is again. I come quickly, and my reward is with me to give every man according to his work shall be. I, Jesus, have sent mine angel to testify. Verse 16, I'm sorry, Jeremiah. Verse 16. I, Jesus, have sent mine angel to testify unto you these things in the churches. I am, who are you? I am the root and the offspring of David and the bright and morning star. And the spirit and the bride say come. And let him that heareth say come. And let him that is a thirst come. And whosoever will let him take the water of life freely. This is the time of all things when a bride is seated in authority speaking in the voice of the king. The spirit and the bride say come. This is the bride being the final voice to the final age saying, "Whoever wants some of this water, [Applause] come freely." See, you're the one who you are the only ones that the the the bride seated here scripturally speaking is the only ones with authority to to dispense eternal life. Amen. for redemption. I'm not talking about people who can get saved with a saving grace in the in the works of Calvary. You you have to separate that be because it some of them are well I'll get to it in a minute. I don't want to get ahead of myself. But but we find that that that's why when some years ago I think maybe uh see I was ministering in oh where was I at? uh in in Ontario and the Pope Pope Francis, you know, with all of his superstardom, he had just sent out a decree and uh he you know, he was he was going to I forget the word Jubilee with Jubilee meant freedom. It meant you can go free. Now, this is this is the Jubilee and the and the and basically it was a it was just a a sales pitch to get everybody to come back to the mother. Yeah. Yeah. Amen. But it was a jubilee and he pronounced a jubilee to the world. And I was at that minister and the minister's meeting and the brothers asked me said, "Brother Jason, what do you think about the pope's jubilee announcement?" I said, "It's illegitimate." Amen. They said, "Wow, that's a strong word." I said, "Of course." I said, "Only the bride of Christ is authorized to offer Jubilee. She's the only one with authority to to to give you a word that'll set you free from every sin and and wipe out everything in your old past and make you a brand new creation in Jesus Christ. I'm here to tell you today, I'm offering you a jubilee. Hallelujah. All right, let's go. Um, Brother Caleb, oh, thank you. Title screen, please. Back one back. All right, let me power up here. So, the time of all things. All right, now watch and I'm I'm trying to watch my uh watch the clock there. So, just stay with me. All right, you good? So, um brother Brandham comes along here. The seven church ages. Now, the book of Revelation, how it's made up, and Daniel ties in with it. Isaiah ties in with it. uh all the Old Testament ties in with it. Let me make a quick adjustment. All the Old Testament uh ties in with it and it's the book of of the revelation of Jesus Christ. See the book of the revelation of Jesus Christ. And then in there there is seven churches, seven plagues, seven seals, seven trumpets. Now, a trumpet represents war, a seal, a mystery unfolding, and a plague is what follows every war. And by God's help, and with the book of history, catch that line, he's going to prove by history. See, he's going to place these modern, he's going to place modern events of the day and historical events in prophecy. All right. So he says, "And by God's help and with the book of history, I can prove to you that we're living at the seventh trumpet for the seventh plague and the seventh seal to be opened and the seventh vial to be poured out when the sixth one sound will get on that maybe the sealing away on Friday night." He says, "When the first world war," Now look at him go back and tie that sixth trumpet under that sixth seal which is tribulation. Yeah. And he's going to he's going to go back to the start of the 20th century. You say, "Does that make sense?" Of course it does. That's when the three woes that's when the three woes would have came and swept mankind from the earth. But an angel rose out of the east with the seal of the living God. Proved it was Christ. He rose out of the east and Christ is the only one who has conceal you. And he says, "Wait, wait, wait. I I know that this is prophecy and it's just going to go boom, boom, boom, boom. But you got to hold up. You got we got to we got to pace this because I got I got children who have got to be sealed. Some of them aren't even in the earth yet. And so we can we can go with the first one and then you got to stop it and then we can move the second one and let it go and let it go and let it go and then we got to stop it. See, you remember when brother Brandham look away at Jesus and he says, "Now I got to you're going to see some strange things. You're going to, he said, I don't mean anything sinful, but you're going to see me start dropping back. He says, now you've seen the third pole. It's been vindicated. There was there were squirrels created twice. There was Hadty, right? There there was the fish given brought back a resurrection. There was the storm. There was his own wife. You know, before the doctor's hand touches, it'll vanish. and she waddled up in waddled into the office with a tumor the size of a game ball and and carefully got up on a table and laid out with a big swelled place. And when the doctor's hand went to touch it, it vanished. Hallelujah. It vanished. Like boom, gone. And before the doctor's hand touched it. And a doctor was a witness. and X-rays are witness. I tell you, this thing wasn't done in a corner, friends. Brother Brother Charlie tells that we ate those squirrels. And his testimony was not one of them had a navl. Amen. Not one of them had a belly button because they weren't born. They were created. Right. See, and so so we find that that that these things are moving along and and he's he's going to show that how this all and and so brother Brandham's point is now it's almost like we have been thrust forward ahead of history. And so now we got to drop back. Wait a minute. We got to and brother says we got to let this other catch up. What other? Well, there's politics and science and education and technology and social issues and church and ecumenical and the sellout and the Roman church and and denominationalism. It's got to all start to catch up because God's got to run this all together. We got to stay in we got to keep it all together. And so here you go in the book of Revelation and those walls are just going to sweep man from the earth and the angel rises up and they don't know to this day who stopped World War I. Amen. And that war, I didn't bring I didn't bring a history lesson here today. I I got one I could give you on World War I. It's astonishing. I can't wait till I can sit down with Brother Teddy and we can go over it. Brother Teddy's my history buddy, man. Wow. What a prodigy. And so, uh, and so, uh, Brother Teddy, you're going to enjoy it, man. I got some World War I data. Probably won't blow your mind, but it blew mine. And, and and and it was unprecedented on the scale the world had never seen. They had never seen global war on that scale. Amen. And it was prophecy. And so God is regulating and he's holding and stopping it, waiting. It's got to go peace meal. A piece at a time. A piece at a time. All right. Back to our quote. I can't get sidetracked. Don't let it be up here all day because I get I love that stuff. All right. Now watch. Let's let's go back. All right. When the first world war, why that sixth trumpet sounded according exactly according to the time God spoke it. So now you've got tribulation already starting in the earth, but it gets paused and it gets governed and it gets regulated cuz then a second wo is going to come several decades later and Germany and Nazi Germany is going to rise and they're going to go off with Ikeman and Hitler and go after the the Jews. See? And so this is all when say why do you study all that? Because it lets me know God's in control. He's perfectly in control. And I was preaching that Wednesday. There's nothing out of cater. He's in complete control of world events. So you see here, so now exactly according to the time God spoke it, exactly geographically following the seal before that and when the mystery was revealed in there for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. See there's Isuza coming in for the mystery of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And the people then how the church did not move up and those who were moving refused to walk in light and went back. See, and the plague was open. That screen's not on. If I could get that on, please. And the plague was opened at that time and poured out upon the earth which was influenza. Now, there's a swine flu epidemic. See, that happened in 1918, right at right at right at the end of the war. All right, watch. Which was influenza that killed all the people as it did the thousands times thousands. All right. Now, so he's he's identifying modern events made clear that we have arrived where John was told that this is the time of all things. Amen. The time of all things is at hand. And John stood there at the end 2,000 years in advance standing at the end looking at it take place. And he's trying to worship a a human prophet. He's hearing the final voice to the final age. He's hearing behold I come quickly. He's hearing it's the time of all things. And what John was hearing and seeing and experiencing. You you not it's not that you have just come to it. It's that you are it. You are that bride he was seeing. You are that voice he was hearing. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you. See, so he he he moves on here. All right, let me keep up with myself. All right, so now he comes here to the uniting sign and time shortly after the seals. Uniting sign in time. All right. What did he say in Malachi 4 would restore? restore back the original Pentecostal faith back to the people. Love this quote. I love it. Love it. Love it. Listen, here's what's been restored. You ready? The original Pentecostal faith. Now, we're not talking about Isuza. Isuza is a small piece of it. Isuza is a piece of it just like justification and sanctification. Brother Brandham said the age didn't seem to have the power and that as Leodysia dawned, it did. The church didn't have the power it really needed to have. So God restores power, adds in some more fuel and and restores the gifts of the spirit to that are and but then it took a prophet like Paul after the gifts hit the church, then Paul's got to come along and set it all in order cuz everybody was running and everybody had a tongue and everybody had a prophecy. Say, why are they doing that? Cuz that's what happened on the day of Pentecost. Woo! We got it. And but but but as Pentecostal babies, they couldn't handle it. And it took Paul to divide it and set it and place it in order. Amen. Amen. And and Isuza pours out and you get a bunch of Pentecostal babies. But it took Elijah to come here and set the thing in order and show how the gifts operate. Amen. And they do operate. And they ought to operate. I'm here to tell you they ought to operate. And we have gifted people in this assembly. I you know, Sister Jean, who we all miss so terribly, I wish she would be home yesterday. Sister Jean has has the gift of both uh prophecy and interpretation. And I've heard it on multiple occasions and be spot on and come with a with a with an interpretation that's such fluent German uh it would impress sister Katherine and brother Anton because her she doesn't know a word. She barely knows English. But suddenly she's speaking fluent German. Sorry, Mom. And I've heard it and it's been true and it's been accurate and it exposed sin and it's happened multiple times. We have those things operating here. We have gifts of dreams in this church. We have gifts of interpretation. We have gifts of wisdom operating here. And we believe in those things. Hallelujah. I'd like to see it. I'd like to see it with more confidence. I'd like to see this is the time of all things when all of the not just the gifts of the spirit, but the fruits of the spirit. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. With an understanding of the word and bring it all. I'm I'm not interested if you can if you can speak in a in a in a in a in a tongue of men and angels, but if you don't have love, you're worthless. You can give your body to be burned, but if you don't have love, you are of no value. Hallelujah. Is that the scripture? Hallelujah. See, so he says here, what is it? It's back to the people with this is what's in our day. The same Pentecostal message, the same Pentecostal sign, the same Pentecostal evidence, the same God, the same power, the same teaching, everything. Everything. Everything. See, look at it again. The same Pentecost, the same Pentecostal message, the same sign, the same evidence, the same God, the same power, the same teaching, everything exactly with the vindication of the same pillar of fire that struck down Saul on the road to Damascus is among us today. Doing the same things he did in that day. What was he doing? Uniting. This is a uniting time. and sign. The power of the risen Christ is among us. This is the time of all things. Oh, it ought to fill us with courage, friends. It ought to fill us with joy today to realize I'm not waiting. It's not a pie in the sky. It's not somewhere of a rainbow. It's happening. Amen. It's happening all around us. Thank you, Jesus. So, he says, why watch now in paradox? He goes on 1965. See, let me let me just make some comments before I jump to that one. So, we have entered into a time prophetically that is called the time of all things. A ll. This is the consummation of all the ages. Amen. This is all the sevens. Sevens are completion. This is all the sevens. The seven age, seventh age, seventh seal, seventh trumpet, seventh vial. Hallelujah. You believe it? And the seventh messenger, the the seventh the seventh time that the bride and now she's back to the first time. The Alpha and the Omega are now in in in lock step and with the same Pentecostal sign and the same Pentecostal power and the same Pentecostal teaching and the same Pentecostal God. Amen. See, so we've come to the perfection. Let me say like this. We've reached the perfect perfection. Rather redundant, but we've reached the perfect perfection, the full consumation. Got to say it like this and I'm going to deal with that term consummation because brother Brandham uses it about 90 times. This is the time of the full consummation of the entire plan and everything that's been being lived out peace meal and step by step age by age you have arrived at the conglomeration of it all. This is the consummation of everything. Watch paradox 1965. Why do we have to accept organizations and so forth that will write off of the book? See, it becomes a thorn in the flesh. And here at the end time, we meet the thing again face to face. My what a quote. We meet the thing again face to face. It's up to Methodists, Baptists, Presbyterians, and what more? You you can't go on. You've got to come back. Look at this language to the entire full gospel. It was made all of this. It was made for the full man by a complete God who was made man who was made flesh and dwelt among us. So whatever version, whatever version of the gospel you choose, it is to bring you to the full returned image of the prototype. Whatever version you want to say is true, I only got one thing I need to know. Does it restore you back to the prototype? Are are you living like Christ? Is that power? Is that sincerity? Is that love? Is that life in your life? Amen. See, because it's supposed to reproduce his life in every way. The same dedication, the same faith, the same power. Listen, friends, this goes for message ranks as well. Amen. This isn't just Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, and Catholic. This goes to message ranks as well. Whatever version of the message you want to say is true, I just want to know, does it restore you to the prototype? Does it bring you back to the beginning of the creation of God? And your life is a continuation of that same creation. So, I've got quotes and scriptures. I don't care how many quotes and scriptures you've got. I want to know does the life match? [Applause] Hallelujah. So, he says here, he goes on in u modern events made clear. Now he's going to come to a scripture that Jesus refers to and I think uh I believe St. John 14. Except you eat the flesh of the son of man, drink his blood. Brother Brandham comes to it here and he he quotes it. Except you eat the flesh of the son of man and drink his blood you have no life in you. So now remember that that you've got three categories. You've got the iniquitous church that is cast in and cast into the tribulation and refused at the judgment bar. Remember they tried to get in on their works. Yeah. Try to say, "We preached in your name. We did all these mighty things in your name." And he'll say, "Depart from me, you workers of iniquity." See, because you knew your life didn't match. And you're trying to force me to let you in by doing works. And you know, you can't get saved that way. Yeah. Works. Salvation doesn't come from what you do. It comes to from what you surrender to. You can't save yourself. Only God can save you. And you've got to accept the word that was sent for that purpose. See? And so you've got the iniquitous church who are separated like goats. Uh and they accept neither the body nor the blood. Amen. Except you eat the flesh of the son of man and drink his blood. They reject the word and the life. Yeah. Amen. They don't have either of those. All right. The unwise virgin, they receive the body of the flesh. They received that day on Calvary. They absolutely know that's the son of God. And they from a sincere heart repent of their sins and put their faith in the atonement of what that day produced. They absolutely receive the flesh and the body. They receive the word as best they understand. But what are they missing? The blood. Cuz that's the life. That's the new birth. Amen. See, that's why it's a the message brought us a bleeding word. Because you have no access to the chemical blood of Jesus. You can't. Who's got that? You got it at home. Does the Vatican got it? Is it in Jerusalem somewhere? Brother Brandon said that chemistry ran down the cross and fell onto the earth and claimed the earth for God. Claimed the earth for the millennium. Just a little secret thing that nobody noticed. And God was watching that blood run down. Okay, it's mine now. It's mine now, Lucifer. It's mine now. I baptized it under Noah. I put my blood on it. My blood touched it. And now I'm going to sanctify it and I'm going to burn it with a fire because he said he's going to restore the earth the same way he restored you through the water and through the blood and through the fire and it's going to make a new heavens and a new earth. Hallelujah. That's how you come back to life. He's redeeming the earth the same way he redeemed you. As brother Bradam taught us in the future home. So if you want to be redeemed, you got to come the way the earth comes. Can I flip it on you? Flip the script. If you want to if you want to be redeemed, you got to go through the same process the earth's got to go through because you came out of the earth. See, you're not going to get a shortcut. You're not going to get an end around on on sanctification. You're not going to get an end around on the baptism of the Holy Ghost. You're not going to get an end around on accepting the flesh, eating the flesh, and drinking the blood. See, you don't have access to that chemical blood. And but and so so then how do I get the blood? Cuz it's the blood that the the Bible says if we walk in the light as he's in the light, we have fellowship one with another. And the blood of Jesus cleanses us from all sin. But you don't have any access to that chemistry. But I do have access to it in this form. It is a bleeding word. Why is it a bleeding word? It's got life in it. Whose life is it? God's life. I'm eating on God's life. How does it give you life? Because I love it and I believe it and I surrender to it. It's not just education to me. Come on. It's not just knowledge. Amen. Yes, it is. See, so the unwise virgin received the body of the Lord enough for salvation from destruction. She has certainly accepted the Christ of the Bible for all she understands. And she lives a clean, sincere life before God. And they're judged to be righteous by the king. That's Matthew 25 if you want to go to read it. But she never got the life of the blood for a new birth. She's not born again. That's why she's there. Jesus promised us faithfully in the fifth chapter of John that if you've passed from death to life, you will never come into the condemnation. You'll never stand the judgment. You'll be seated on the throne with Christ. You know why? Cuz your sins went ahead of you and were met in Christ. Oh, some men's sins go before them and some men's sins follow them. Don't be don't leave this building today with your sins following you cuz they'll follow you all the way to the grave and they'll follow you all the way to the judgment and they'll catch up to you standing there and you don't want to be standing there when your judgments crash into you when your sins crash into you. Send them forward. Let them be met in Christ today. See, so she never got the life of the blood for a new birth. She couldn't come all the way in the word. She wasn't ordained to it. This is what separates us. This what separates the bride of Christ. See, so the bride of Christ, scripturally speaking, it is the it is the scriptural bride of Christ are the only segment of humanity that have received both the flesh and the blood. Except you eat the flesh and drink his blood, you have no life in you. Amen. no eternal life in you. See, so so we have believed the report. All right? So we have eternal life dwelling within us. Uh we have had a gene that has been activated by God placed in us when we were born into the world. We have believed the report. Amen. We have been washed by the water of the word. Four people. We have believed the report. We have been washed by the water of the word. We have been filled with the spirit. We don't Fred Mullins on you. We have been filled with the spirit. Hallelujah. Thank you. Amen. Amen. This group and this group alone are the gentile group of the last day that he promised this power to. These and these alone are the ones who know the fullness of their God and will do great exploits. As we studied on in our study yesterday in the men's Bible study breakfast, it's God doing the great exploits and he's going to do the great exploits through his family who know their God at the end time. This is the group. You are the group. You are the group uh defeating every devil. You need to say that about yourself. I don't care how how negative the devil wants to make you feel about you. You need to claim the word. I am the group that is putting every devil under my feet. I'm defeating every devil. I'm rising up in the perfection for a body change. Amen. It is this selected group who are entitled to the precious promises that Peter spoke of. That by these promises, these precious promises, you become partaker. You become a partaker. You actually get some of it. You don't just stare and look at it. You actually you're a joint air with God, but now you're you're you're an heir of God with a gene of God before you're born again. You're already an heir of God, but you differ with nothing from a servant because you're born in sin just like everybody. So you're an heir of God, but you have no allotment. But when you're born again, now you step up beside Jesus, and now you're a joint heir with Christ, reaching into the same treasure because he was the son. He was the elected son. I was in him. I'm an expression of him. Hallelujah. So, so we find then that he says here, we're at the end of denominations. Aren't you glad the wheat's taking shape, but what's the matter with the wheat now? I've been I've been preaching on this. What's the matter with the wheat now? Now, he's not talking about Pentecost anymore. Amen. He He's had a lot of pretty rough things to say about them. Oh, yeah. Amen. He's had a lot of rough things to say about what you Baptists have become. And he said, "I know cuz I used to be one of you." And he said, "You Pentecostals, and look what God has done to you, and look what you've become." And he and and and and you you Methodist. And he said, "You used to shake and shout under the power of God, and now you you call it a devil, and your your sanctification is gone." John Wesley' roll over in his grave if he was still in his grave, which he's not. But now he's not talking about them. Now he's coming to us. See, we're at the end of denominations. The wheat's taken shape. But what's the matter with the wheat now? It must lay in the presence of the sun to ripen before the combine comes before the combine picks it up. And so, you know, they I I grew up through that whole thing. grew up through this message. Grew up at the tabernacle, grew up among the family members, know them all, friends with them all for years, watched it happen, watched this camp rise up, and this camp rise up. And this camp told us what we could believe and what we couldn't. And this camp told us what we believe and what we couldn't. And and our we were all coraled and and it was all it done was do the very thing the opposite of what brother Brandham said when that when that pyramid was the top was torn off and brother Brandham said, "Now stay and look on this." And he said, "And I went away west." And he said, he said, "And one went this way and one went that way and one went this way, but a very few stayed and did what I told them to do. Stay and look on this open word because what's coming is going to blow your mind." And they all ran with this and they ran with that and they good men. Uh and and and in every case, barring none, in every case, they ran with partial truth. And then the enemy gets in it and next thing you know, you got super preachers and super doctrines and super camps and super this. And brother Brandham warned us not to be chase supers. And he warned us in the seventh seal, don't make yourself odd. Just be a humble Christian. When God's got ready, he'll she'll reveal it. And I It's not about an angel coming down to whisper it in your ear. It's about happening in your life. When God is ready, it'll happen. You'll know it cuz you'll be it. See, and but but we didn't do that. And then and then I grew up through the counterrevolution, you know, then the counterrevolution rises up and oh, we got to go back to emotionalism and I watched them and I watched preachers come in and jump up on the pull pit and and dance on top of it and dance on tables and break chairs and run the aisles and fall off and break their legs. And I watched young people who were told, "You got to come up here and have an emotion." And I was one of them. And we were weeping and crying and snotting and blubbering. And there was a few who got the real thing, but the majority left all of that and went right back to the world. Say, "How do you know that?" I was one of them. Amen. That that large group, my wife and I grew up in that large group, probably 20ome young people. My wife and I to today, with the exception, well, in and actually in our group, we're the only ones Yeah. that are serving the Lord. Amen. fervently at this level. Amen. And and I watched them and I and I watched I watched women shake and shout and run and hair come down and spin around and speak in tongues. I watched men run all over the place. And you say, "Was it a bad thing?" No, it was fine. It was a good thing. I'm not I'm not opposed to that. Amen. Don't get me wrong. I'm not opposed to that. Good grief. Bethl Tabernacle, you're my witness. I jump up and down. I scream and holler, turn red, wave my arm, spit to the fifth row. I believe in emotion. I don't think anything's dead or to go and be buried. I tell you what, if you're feeling down today, shake Brother Jack's hand. You won't feel down in in about 30 seconds. I'm here to tell you, this thing's real and I believe it has life in it. I'm only pointing to what men tried to do and man with good motives and good objectives. And here's my message. Looking back at almost 60 years old and born and raised in it my whole life. Here's my message. You never needed to do that. You never needed to do that. All you ever needed to do was what a prophet said. stay here in the presence of the sun and be ripened and that'll turn you into the living word. You never had to try to run ahead and make it happen. You can't make it happen. You can't force God into in to run ahead of himself. And neither can you slow him down. I'm here to tell you something, friends. We have arrived at the hour of all things, the time of all things, the day of all things. And I'm not looking for another super camp or another counter revival. I'm not looking for any revival. I'm looking for the coming of the Lord. Say, you're not looking for another revival. No, the next revival goes to Israel. Say, what about your revival? I'm in it right now. I'm in it right now. It's happening. [Applause] There's not another rain coming. If another rain comes on wheat that's in that's mature, it ruins the crop. Oh, hallelujah. There's another revival coming under Moses and Elijah. But I'm looking for the coming of the Lord. Hallelujah. That's right. I hate that clock. So, Brother Benham says, "So, so so we realize friends, and boy, nobody better go out of here and say, "Brother Jason is against emotion or brother Jason's against deep teaching." Goodness, gravy train. I love it all. Yeah. I don't see how anybody could accuse me of that. Why? No. No. Nothing happening. There's times I feel like blowing up through the roof. Like brother Eddie said, I want to blow through the roof and land out in the road. Run them down the road screaming like a maniac. Afraid they put me in jail. I believe in the power of God. I want you to believe in it. I believe in the freedom of the spirit. I want you to believe in it. I believe in the teaching. I believe in the correct teaching and understanding of the deep mysteries of God. They give me stimulation by revelation. I'm just simply telling you what I observed in history growing up in this message. Amen. Good men on both sides. The re the the doctrinal revolution and the counterrevolution of emotion. Good men, sincere men, good people. God. People were born again under those movements. People were born again under those movements. You understand? That's not my point. My point is you didn't need to chase that. You didn't need to go running after that. You didn't need to do it then. You don't need to do it now. The the what the bride needs is to lay in the presence of the sun. You say, "How long we got to lay there? Till my body changes. Yes. Amen. Amen. Say, "We've been laying there a long time." Yeah. And I'm way further down the road now. I know a lot more, believe a lot more, and have had a lot more experience. And I'm more I'm more convinced today than I've ever been. Why? Because I've dedicated myself to laying in the presence of the sen. Amen. See? Hallelujah. And so, Brother Brandham says here, "If you give me 15 minutes, I'll only take 20." Okay. Brother Brandham says, "Gabe, they know I they know I normally quit by now, so this is unusual." Amen. So, uh, you good, brother Anton? Oh, no. I know you're good. Yeah. Praise the Lord. So, so brother Brandham says here in the Philadelphiaian age, oh, I'm just skipping so much you can't imagine. The question would perhaps arise. Now, the question he's talking about is if you go read in the Philadelphia age and it's it's starting to forecast the end time and it's this this language of urgency and it's like, oh my goodness, things are really starting to get tight. And brother Brandon picks it up here. question would perhaps arise. Is there another age beyond this? If if there is another age beyond this one, why the urgency? Good grief, you're only in age six. Got a whole another age. Why the urgency? See, the answer lies herein. The last age will be a short one, a quick work of consummation. Amen. One of the 90 plus times brother Brandham uses this term. It would be a quick work of consummation. Now take take that down Jeremiah. I'm I'm that's just going to keep slowing me down. I want to I want to come and finish. So we have to ripen. See, it's all about ripening to have these promises in full operation. You say, "Do you want, Brother Jason, more of the supernatural power and the signs and wonders and the gifts?" Absolutely. But if you don't ripen, you'll mess it up. That's right. See, we need to be ripened into the so that we can have the full title of Mrs. Jesus Christ. Amen. So you're you're and I said this I said this I can't remember if I've said it here. I've been preaching on the road a lot. But I I said it I've said maybe I've said it here. It bears worth bears repeating that you're never going to be. You say I'm the final voice to the final age. Okay fine. I got a gene of God. Great. Wonderful. So do I. I love it. I'm glad. That's not I'm going to make a point though to you. I want you I want you to This is just Brother Jason asking you to think about it. Okay. You're you're the final voice. That's your elected position. You got all the tools. You've got a gene of God. You got a message of the hour. You got a prophet. You got an anointing. You got the end of all things. You got the restoration of all the gifts and the restoration of all the spirits. Amen. All the spirits of Christ. All the gifts of Christ. All the power of Pentecost. All the original signs, all the original teaching, all of the original, all of it. Amen. You've got everything. There's nothing God has left you short of. That's right. But you're never going to be an effective final voice without this maturing that comes from spending your days in the presence of the sen. Amen. Say it again. You're never going to be a very effective final voice to the final age without this maturity that comes from spending your everyday life near the sun. Hallelujah. Amen. No matter, hear me, Bethl Tabernacle. No matter how intellectually sound you understand the deep teachings of the word, no matter what kind of emotional experience you've had, I'd like to have them all, but no matter what kind you've had, even even the true outpouring of the real blessing of the Holy Ghost, without your willingness to lay aside the world and all of its carnal affairs to keep yourself constantly renewed daily in fellowship and all through each day. You you're if you don't do that, then your effectiveness to operate the power of the kingdom like the saints in the book of Acts, it will be proportionately hindered and muted. Amen. That's my message to you. It doesn't matter. We have the the best teaching far and wide. We have the best anointing preacher team. My goodness, you're talking about a ministry team extraordinaire. Bethl Tabernacle, you are blessed of God. It leaves me astonished at the quality of ministry. Even our brothers, even some of our young men who are just starting out already in the third pole ministry already dividing, rightly dividing aunder. Hallelujah. the power of God moving behind it. I'm learning things listening to them. Amen. Have all of that. But unless unless you're constantly renewed daily in fellowship all through each day, your effectiveness to operate power of this restored power of this kingdom to do that like the saints in the book of Acts, you're going to be hindered. Your your your final voice is going to be muted. And I'm here to tell you something, friends. This is the time of all things. It's no time to have your arrows of deliverance blunted by the devil. You don't need your testimony muted in front of your children. Let me tell you something, Dad. Let me tell you something, Mom. You don't need your arrows of deliverance blunted. You don't need They need to be razor sharp. Hallelujah. That your family needs arrows of deliverance. Oh my. Come on, my ministering brethren. We can't have our arrows blunted by Leodysa. Your arrows are arrows of deliverance. They got to be fired true. Hallelujah. They got to be shot with deep sincerity. They must pierce the heart of the enemy. Amen. And put him down. Put him down. Your arrows need to be sharp. Your aim needs to be true. Your sincerity needs to be deep. Your dedication before God and your lifestyle needs to be so sincere before God. There's no muting of your testimony. There's no blunting of your arrows. There's no none of that. It's a sharp arrow of deliverance. It's got to drive to the heart of the enemy for our young people, for our marriages, for our ministry team. We got to see the devil put down. I want to tell you today, put him down today. Put him down in your marriage. Put him down in your home. Put him down. Don't let him stay alive. You have arrived at the time of all things. Let's stand. You warriors of the faith. This is the hour of all things. This is the time when no when every spirit must be taken under your control in the name of Jesus Christ for the glory of God. How many want that today? Say Lord God sharpen my arrows. You want to wave a hand to him today. Sharpen my skills Lord increase my eyesight. Give me more dur end endurance. Lord God help me to be strong. Let my target, let me fire true. Let me shoot true. I don't want to I don't want to miss the target. My children are too valuable. My grandchildren are too valuable. Your children are too valuable. Your grandchildren too valuable. My marriage is too valuable. Yours is too valuable. This church is too valuable. We got to aim correctly. We got to fire. Without hesitation, the enemy needs to be put down. put down. You shouldn't have to fire four or five arrows. You shouldn't need four or five sermons. You shouldn't need a five night revival meeting. You should take this one arrow of deliverance today and slay him in your home and slay him in your life and say, "I'm done with carnality. I'm done with Leoa. I'm going to lay in the presence of the sen daily. I'm going to have a fellowship daily, hourly." Sure. Sure. You're going to work a job. Sure, you're going to go to school. Sure, you're going to pay bills. You're going to take vacations. You're going to have recreation. You're going to all we're going to have the functions of living. But every hour, I'm going to do all of those things under the sunlight, under the presence of the soom in my life. And everywhere I go and everything I do and whatever I'm doing is going to bring honor to him. Oh, this is the desire of my heart, friends, to see the power of God moving correctly, in balance, in maturity, in fullness. Hallelujah. Father, we love you today. We love you today with a great love, Lord. We worship you today. We surrender to you fresh today, Lord. There's not a day goes by it doesn't matter how surrendered I feel when morning's early light comes. I go to bed. I close my eyes and the the darkness the night takes me and I I I drift off thanking you. Thanking you. Thanking you, Lord, for your love, for overlooking all of my mistakes and for caring enough about me to send me your word. Oh, and I wake every morning with the sense that yesterday is gone. Now today I need more. Today I need more than I had yesterday. Cuz now the day is more evil than it was only 24 hours previous. Help us today. Lord, let this message today go near and far. It It seems to be the It seems to just have been such an arrow of deliverance for me to study it and to preach it here today. I feel so satisfied in my spirit. It's what I've been struggling and trying to come to in sermon after sermon after sermon, preaching them here, preaching them away in other assemblies. I come back here today and it just seems to crystallize in front of me. Oh, we love you for that. Lord, help us today. Oh God, there is no doubt in this church where we stand on the power of God. There's no doubt where we stand on the on the full Pentecost. We're not well. There's no doubt where we stand on the pillar of fire in our midst. There's no doubt where we stand on our perfect faith in a perfect operation of perfect gifts in a perfect Christ, a perfect spirits of Christ, perfect gifts of Christ. We absolutely endorse them, love them, operate them, believe in them, spread the news near and far. We believe, Lord, to that we need to rightly divide the word. We believe that we're not here for conflict only with the devil. I'm here to put the devil under my feet. Lord, we love your servants from yester year. Many of them gone on now. They they drew aside camps. They had good hearts, Lord. Many of them, the certainly the majority, there's always unbelievers and make believers, but the majority of those men on both sides of that, Lord, I grew up watching their lives. I know they were sincere. I know that they were only trying to hasten the day. I know that. I I I acknowledge that. I was there. I was a young man watching it all around me. I've seen it all over the world. I've I've traveled the world. You've blessed me. I've I've took this message to all the continents of the world, save one. And a host of countries I could name. and believers in jungles and believers in mountains and believers in in poverty and believers setting pretty and and and in uh and in uh uh developed countries and and underdeveloped countries and first world countries and third world countries, red, yellow, black and white. I've ministered among them all. And we've been here, Lord, far longer than we thought we would be. Amen. But here we are. So I say, "All righty then, then I'm going to press the battle." And we love, we love what has happened. We love how you've guided this bride. Yeah, sure. She was an infant bride. She stumbled and toddled and fell over a bunch of times. We did. It's true. There's things that came up out of the late 60s, the 70s, the 80s, the 90s into the into the 21st century. I don't think we can be proud of everything that the bride has supposedly stood for. But one thing I know, the Lord, the the word of God has this seal, the Lord knoweth them that are his. Hallelujah. And let everyone who names the name of Christ depart from evil. And that's been my motto, Lord, my whole life. I want to depart from evil. That's the thing. I want to be into you. I want to I want to be filled with your spirit. I want to be an overcomer. And we stand here today. I'm not about to go back. By no means. I've laid in the sun too long. I'm not coming back here to chase supers. My goodness. I'm way more grown up than that. I saw the folly of that. I'm not here to chase countercultures and chase intellectualism or chase emotionalism. I didn't have to do it then. I don't have to do it now. What I have to do is be daily surrendered to you every minute, every hour. you will live through us as you choose. We thank you, Lord. I thank you for a church that's alive. I thank you for these people. Lord, I've preached to many of them for decades now. Some of them less than that, but right away, Lord, as believers, they they immediately come in and they immediately catch up. It's shocking how fast they jump into the rhythm of Bethl Tabernacle. We're a church that believes in the divine power of God. We believe in a living word. We believe in discernment of spirit. We believe in rightly dividing the word of God. We believe in the power of the risen Christ. We've seen the the sick healed incurably. We've seen young people filled with the Holy Ghost and it's still happening. I've laid my hands on the blinded eyes and seen them come open. We've cast out devils. Lord, we've set people deliverance, not touching them at all, just preaching to them. And while I yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on them. We see and believe and long for more of the book of Acts. But we also know that that book of Acts was more than just signs and wonders. That book of Acts identified and separated law from grace. That book of Acts identified false anointed ones. That book of Acts served an indictment on the age. We believe all of it, Lord. And I thank you for it. I thank you for this assembly. I thank you that when I come out here, not just me, Lord. When these ministers, they come out here and stand in this desk, the anointing falls on them, I sit astonished at the things I hear. This church, Lord, hears the word of God preached under a great anointing. What a privilege we have. How great you are to us. What a heavenly father you are. Oh, lamb of God. We pray for people and they're healed. We preach to people, they get delivered. Hallelujah. We spread the gospel around the world. We do missionary work. We missionary our own hometown. We missionary right in America and abroad. I say all that, Lord, to say because I want to I want to name it all because I want you to I want to have it named what all I love you for. I love you for these things. I love you for these things. How in the world I stand in the position I do, Lord, as the spiritual head of it all, it astonishes me, Lord. I I How in the world you haven't kicked me to the curb years ago, oh, reaping so much better than I ever sowed, but yet it's the love of God. How can I explain it? I can't explain it. All I know is I want to strive harder. Hallelujah. I want to sing on that shore someday, Lord. Someday I'll stand there. I'll sing on that beautiful shore. Hallelujah. We love you for that today. Help us one and all. Lord, bless us now mightily as we sing and worship you. Lift up praises to you for the word that we've heard today. I pray that your your arrows of deliverance would continue to anoint rain down Lord and water the seed of the word that has been placed in our hearts today. We commit it to you in Jesus name. Amen. Let's sing Brother Anthony. God is good all the time. [Music] Put a song of praise in this heart of mine. God is good all the time. All the time. Through the dark night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. All the time. Come on now. Sing it. If you're walking through the valley and there's shadow all around. Do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound cuz he's promised never leave you nor forsake you for his word is true. God is good all the time. Put a song of grace in the heart of my God is good all the time. Through the darkness, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Oh, God is good all the time. Put a song of praise in this heart of my God is good all the time. [Applause] Through the darkness, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. We are sinners so unworthy. Still for us he chose to die. filled us with his holy spirit. Now we can [Music] testify with his love is everlasting [Music] and his mercy they will never. God is good. God is good all the time. Put a song of praise in the heart of my God is good. God is good all the time. Through the darkest night, his light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Oh, God is good all the time. [Music] God is good all the time. All the time [Applause] will shine. Oh yes. You believe it. God is good. [Music] Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Don't you love him? Oh, I love him with a pure love. My goodness, we're unworthy of him, but I sure love him. My friend, what a privileged people we are. You've received the whole council of God. Live in it. Rejoice in it. Have victory in it. This is the time of all things. Don't let the devil hold you back from anything. Why would you take a substitute from Leodysia for your happiness and your joy? Why would you take a substitute that's going to go down in ash and cinder? This whole world is going to ash and cinder. There's nothing you're going to acquire here that's going to survive. The only thing you're going to take with you is your character. Brother says, "Death changes nothing. Whatever you are, when that when the Lord calls your name, pulls your card, that's what you are. I tell you something, friends. I figured that out years ago. And I I decided I decided I didn't want to be me anymore. I wanted to be him. I knew he lived in heaven. And if I wanted to be there, I just have to have his life. Amen. You love him. Turn around and shake hands with somebody. Greet him in the wonderful name of the Lord. We're going to let you go and be dismissed. Brother Anthony will sing you happy. You can stay here and clap and sing and Amen. And uh and enjoy the Lord. I want you to make sure you make our visitors welcome. Uh especially brother Anton, our visitor from Lithuania. It's hard to describe how Sister Debbie and I feel about Brother Anton. He's a dear, dear, dear friend. And he was in our home 15 years ago with brother Nikolai. And and uh my goodness, he's been a faithful, loyal friend and loyal to Christ all these years through thick and thin, through good and bad. Satan's fought him and buffeted him like he has me and you. But you know what? Like me, like you, he's still standing. I'm still standing. You're still standing. Don't you love that? Doesn't matter what the devil has been able to do. I'm still a believer. Amen. Let's bow our heads and I'll dismiss you in prayer. Father, we love you today. We thank you for your word. Thank you for these people. Bless our visitors, Lord, and those streaming. Father, we commit all of these words into your hands now as the people go. May the love of God go with them. May the Holy Spirit, even in days to come, may you bring back to their remembrance the things they heard here in the Sunday school class today and in the regular main service. May they remember it, Lord. And may the Holy Spirit bring it back to their remembrance. And do it, Lord. Would you do it in a way that it becomes a living experience to them? That it's not just something they remember. Oh, like a aha moment. No, but an actual living experience. May that's how it's a revelation. It becomes a living experience. May you grant it to him, Lord. We commit it to you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you, friends. Been wonderful to preach to you today. Sorry I uh I uh preached more like Matt and went long, but I'm just kidding. The whole team's been working on him to get him to But you know, sometimes brother Matt's got so much to say. And so I come buckled up every time. Praise the Lord. Amen. I'm just going on with my son a little bit. I wouldn't say that to the other. Well, I might, but but I love the family of God. Amen. And I sure appreciate what God has done. Appreciate what he's doing in all your lives. Amen. God bless. You can be dismissed in Jesus name. Crucified, [Music] lay behind the stone. Live to die. Rejected love like a rose trampled on the ground. You took the fall [Music] and thought of me above all crucified. [Music] Lay behind a stone. Live to die. [Music] Oh, rejected and alone. [Music] like a rose trapped on the ground. [Music] You took all and thought of me above all. Crucifying crucified lay behind [Music] rejected and fall [Music] treble on the ground. [Music] to fall and all me above s behind [Applause] [Music] around you and me above all sine. [Music] Lay behind you tonight [Music] on the ground. You took the fall [Music] and thought away. Above [Music] all, above all power, above all kings, above all naturatur, [Music] above all wisdom, man, You were here before the world began. [Music] Above all kingoms, [Applause] above all thrones, [Music] above all wonderers the world ever known. above all and treasures of the earth. There's no way to measure what you're worth. Crucify leave behind the stompled [Music] on the ground. You took the fall and me above all [Music] leave behind you live to die rejected I roll trembled on the ground. You took the phone and thought of me [Music] behind the Oh, [Music] rejecting like a road trampled on the ground. [Music] You just fall and follow me above all. Oh, [Applause] leave behind [Music] [Music] all the ground. You fall. [Music] and thought of me [Music] above [Music] you. [Music] You are [Music] I feel the poor. I feel the call. I hear the call. I hear the call. And I know his spirit moving me to give my home. He speaks to me. He speaks to me. And I agree. Lord, please [Music]
