################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2022-10-16 - (Sunday School) 221016 - Joe Howdeshell Power Of Prayer - Joe Howdeshell.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2022-10-16
Title:   (Sunday School) 221016 - Joe Howdeshell: Power Of Prayer
Speaker: Joe Howdeshell
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIqHLXDL6SQ
========================================

One, make a joyful noise unto unto God all ye lands. Say unto God, how terrible art thou and thy works. Through the greatness of thy power shall thine enemies submit themselves unto thee. Come and see the works of God. He is terrible in his doing toward the children of men. He ruleth by his power forever. His eyes behold the nations. Let not the rebellious exalt themselves sayless people which holdeth our soul in life and suffereth not our feet to be moved. For God, thou broughtest us into the net. Thou ladest affliction upon our loins. I will go into thy house with burnt offerings. I will pay thee my vows. I will offer unto thee burnt sacrifices of fatlings with the incense of rams. I will offer bulocks with goats. Sa I cried unto him with my mouth and was extolled with my tongue. But verily God hath heard me. He hath attended to the voice of my prayer. Blessed be God which hath not turned away my prayer, nor his mercy from me. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, oh God, how we're so thankful, Lord, to have an opportunity to come once again in this house of worship, Lord, that's sanctified and set aside for thee, Lord. Oh God, how we try to keep this place, Lord, as as as sanctified as we can, Lord, God, within our means, Lord. Lord, and we want to come with reverence, dear Father, Lord, and just to lay down all of our burdens of the week, Lord, and just to be able to come in here, Lord, and read your precious word. How privileged we are, Lord, when we think about so many that have died, Lord, and gave their lives so that we might have this precious word before us, Lord. We don't count it as a light thing, Father, Lord. How privileged we are to be able to gather and to meet this morning to hear your word, to read your word, Lord. And father, we just ask that you would come, Lord, and open the word to our hearts. Open our ears that we might hear and our eyes that we might see. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. You can be seated. And I wanted to talk a little bit this morning um about that last verse. Blessed be God which hath not turned away my prayer, nor his mercy from me. Now, if you have your Bibles also, let's turn to the book of Daniel. uh chapter six and I I wanted to talk about a lot of times when we think about prayer and brother Brandham said many times he said if you have any questions or anything this morning I I have an interactive style of doing Sunday school this this we have the preacher coming later on so um if you have a question just raise your hand and I'll be glad to answer your question so is that okay um I don't mind it at all matter of fact I might even ask you some questions sometimes. So, be ready. All right, brother. You got it. Go ahead, brother. So, brother, I thought it was really good um when brother uh Jason preached last Wednesday night. Brother Caleb put on the minister's uh what what's like being instant in season, out of season. He said, "Being instant just means adding water, right? If it's instant, just add water." He said, "Being instant, just add water of the word." I'm like, "Amen." I like that. So, we got to try to be instant in season, out of season. Now, so I wanted to um Oh, I'm sorry. It's Daniel chapter 10. Daniel chapter 10. We want to read that part where now in the third year of Cyrus, king of Persia, a thing was revealed unto Daniel, whose name was called Belshazar, and the thing was true. But the time appointed was long, and he understood the thing, and had understanding of the vision. And in those days I, Daniel, was mourning three full weeks. In those day uh I ate no pleasant bread, neither came flesh nor wine in my mouth, neither did I anoint myself at all, till three whole weeks were fulfilled. And in the four and 20th day of the first month, as I was by the side of the great river, which is Hideel, then I lifted up mine eyes and looked, and behold, a certain man clothed in linen, whose loins were girded with the fine gold of Eupaz. His body also was like the barrel, and his face as the appearance of lightning, and his eyes as lamps of fire. Would have scared me to death. And his arms and his feet like a color of polished brass, and the voice of his words like the voice of a multitude. And I, Daniel, alone, saw the vision. For the men that were with me saw not the vision, but a great quaking fell upon them, so that they fled to hide themselves. Therefore, I was left alone and saw this great vision, and there remained no strength in me, for my comeliness was turned in me unto into corruption, and I retained no strength. Yet I heard the voice of his words, and that that that describes exactly what would happen to brother Brandham. He said it would leave him just as weak as could be. And he just everybody couldn't understand that. And he's like, "Go to Daniel." He said, he was that he was troubled his head for many days. Yet I heard the voice of his words. And when I heard the voice of his words, then was I in a deep sleep on my face and my face toward the ground. And behold, an hand touched me, which set me upon my knees, and upon the palms of my hands. And he said unto me, "Oh Daniel, a great a man greatly beloved, understand the words that I speak unto thee, and stand upright, for unto thee am I now sent." And when I had spoken this word, when he had spoken this word unto me, I stood trembling. Oh my, I'd love to hear an angel come and talk to me and say, "Greatly beloved, oh Joe, how of shell wouldn't that be great?" Oh my. But he has sent his word to us this morning. Amen. Oh, I just want to read that again. Yet I heard the voice of his words. And when I heard the voice of his words, let's see. And I heard and I says said unto me, verse 11, "Oh Daniel, a man greatly beloved, understand the words that I speak unto thee, and stand upright. For unto thee am I now sent, and when he has spoken his words unto me, I stood trembling." Then said he unto my ear, "Fear not, Daniel, for from the first day that thou set thine heart to understand, and to chasten thyself before thy God, thy words were heard, and I am and I am come for thy words." See, some sometimes we wonder, well, when the angel took him three weeks to get to him, well, was it the actual prayer heard or answered after three weeks? That's not what the angel said. He said, "From the very first day that you started praying, God heard you." Amen. What a wonderful thing. But the prince of the kingdom of Persia withtood me one and 20 days. But lo, Michael, one of the chief princes, came to help me. and I remain there with the kings of Persia. Now I am come to make thee understand what shall befall thy people in the latter days. For yet the vision is for many days. And when he had spoken such words unto me, I set my face toward the ground, and I became dumb. And behold, one like the similitude of the sons of men touched my lips. Then I opened my mouth and spake and said unto him that stood before me, "Oh my Lord, by the vision, my sorrows are turned upon me, and I have retained no strength. For how can the servant of this my lord talk with this my lord? For as for me straight away there remain no strength in me, neither is there breath left him. He even lost his breath. Remember when brother Brandham had the test at the Mayo Clinic and he went under a vision. They said every one of your vital signs were the same except for breathing. You didn't breathe when he went under that vision. And even Daniel said that right right here. Even my breath has left me. Y'all remember him saying that? He said, "You you had every vital sign except for breathing." Then there came again and touched me one like the appearance of a man. And he strengthened me and said, "Oh man, greatly beloved. Fear not. Peace be unto you. Be strong. Yay, be strong." And when he had spoken unto me, I was strengthened and said, "Let my Lord speak, for thou hast strengthened me." Now, I want to read what Brother Brandham talks about here for just a second. Let's see. I'm new to all this stuff here. Now, we we we know that that Daniel had purposed in his heart to hear this prayer to to to understand what God wanted him to know. Brother Bram said he didn't just go off and and just sit down and and in a closet and and just take take a few moments, but he got way out away from everybody. Right? He says, "Daniel down in Babylon, as we spoke of him last night, he had purposed in his heart that he would not defile himself with the Babylonian doctrines. But one day, now this is on hear his voice in 1958, morning service in October." But one day down there, Daniel got in need and he knowed he wanted to hear the voice of God. Yet he had the scriptures, but he needed to hear the voice of God. and he went down to the such river and he just didn't go down there and park his chariot and kneel down in the bull rush and say, 'Lord God, I want to hear you. Where are you at? No, you don't do it that way. Isaiah had took his chariot and the drivers and went down to the river and sent them back. He was going to stay till he heard that's the way he got desperate about it. A lot of times we think about prayer and we think, well, it's a wish list. We sit down and say, "Lord, help me. Help my family." And brother even said, he said, "Just don't get down and say, bless mama. bless papa, bless this one and that and other. It's not a Christmas list. It's not a wish list. And a lot of times even in the world when they say you have our thoughts and prayers, well, what they're really saying is you have our best wishes because they not not really praying and you know they're not really praying. A lot of them, especially the government when the pre the presidents and different ones says, well, our thoughts and prayers are with so- and so. It's just good wishes. It's just, well, we we hope the best for you. But see, hope in our day and time is completely I'm sorry. I'm starting to preach, but hope in our day and time is completely. Well, see, all right. I blame this on brother Jason because he said, "Be in the bullpin warming up because I'm sick and I may have to have you to speak this morning for me." So, I'm sorry. That's kind of when that anointing comes, you just you just got to bear with it. So, y'all just pray for me. All right. So, the word hope, brother Brown, you know what I'm talking about, don't you? Look at him back there snickering. So, all right. So, the word hope means um I hope so, maybe so, think so. I hope it's going to work out that way. But that's not the Bible definition of hope. Who knows the Bible definition of hope? I know you know it, Brother Bradley. It's a steadfast rock solid assurance. Right? That's the Bible definition of hope. Our hope is in the Lord. It's not our hope so, maybe so, think so. No, no. Our hope, I mean, solid. There's nothing on this world that man can make or or anything in this world as solid is that hope. It's rock solid. It's as solid as you can get. That's our hope. Now, so when we talk about prayer, what is it? It's not just a wish list. It's not just getting down and saying, "Lord, I want this. I want that or bless me or bless this." What is the What is prayer? Prayer is actually a communion. It's when you get down. It's a worship with God. You're down and you're emptying of yourself. Your own thoughts, your own ideas, your own wants. You say, "Lord, not my will, but thy will." Whatever it is inside of me, take it out, Lord, and you put you in me. Amen. Being born again is not just taking on a another um a robe. It's you're actually being transformed from who you were to somebody else. That's the that's the whole you must die and be risen again to walk in the newness of life. Not your old nature, not your old person who you were, but now you're walking not my ideas, not my thoughts and my wants and my desires, but I want his life living in me, working in me, working through me. And that's when you pray. It's a worship. It's a It's an emptying out. It's a conversation when you have a conversation with somebody. It's not one-sided. Well, I can talk to that wall and I talk to people and I I would probably be better off talking to that wall. But you can talk to the wall all day long. But when you have a conversation, you don't get anything from that wall. But when you talk to somebody, you're receiving too, right? You talk and you receive. You speak and you receive. It's communion. It's fellowship. It's it's and when you fellowship with like I can fellowship my wife and we have wonderful time of talking but just think about when you fellowship with the creator of heaven and earth the creator of everything that we know of. Oh my well our minds we just have we can't even fathom and comprehend. We think about God you know they say I think when the Russians sent the cosminauts up in the 50s they said well we proved there's no god up there. There's nothing but blackness in space. Well, you you can no more take a rocket ship to to heaven than you can dig a hole to hell. I had some friends that that swore up and down that they d they dug a deep hole in Russia and they stuck a microphone and you could hear the screams of hell. I said, I don't think you can do that. I don't think that from this dimension, you can't get there no more than you can take a rocket and go to heaven. It's not going to happen. Amen. And so when you go back all the way through space and time in the universe and and get all the way back to the and even science now believes that it all came from a little point the size of the head of a pen all the energy and all the molecules and all the all everything that was created in the in the whole entire universe all the planet stars and everything came from a size that's what they say the size of a pen head. I'm like my goodness. Well we've always said he's got the whole world in his hands. I didn't realize that he had the whole universe just on his fingertips. So, but see that's science. God said you give him a little while and they'll just prove him right. They try to prove him wrong, they just prove him right. So, when we think about this infinite God who created all things, he was outside of time. You can't go back in billions and billions of and ever see God. Not in this dimension. He doesn't live in this realm. And even up a little higher when brother Brandham went beyond the curtain of time, he said he's up even higher than that. Amen. So where is this God? Oh my. So we need to spend time in fellowship with him. Need to spend time in prayer and worship. Amen. Shutting out everything. Oh my. I'm about to get all over my sermon. I was going to preach. No, not this morning, brother. He had to get plum away from all the soldiers and all the astronomers and the wise men, all the doctors of theology. Oh my. And so forth that was trying to tell him this. You do this Daniel. You do this Daniel. But he got away from all of it. That's the way you got to do it. This you do this D. See that's the way you got to do it. And he got down on the river and he stayed there for 21 days wrestling with the angel of the Lord. Kind of like what Jacob did. But we're told that he looked out upon the waters. There he saw an angel standing with his foot on the land in the sea and raised up his hands and swore by him that lives forever and ever. When the things that Daniel saw come to pass there should be no more. He had been delayed 21 days because of the evil of the land. Now I don't want to get ahead of myself there. So let's just stop. Okay, we got about 12 13 more minutes here and I want to try to set this up. So, we know that back um I think around 194748 around that time, Brother Brandham had a vision and he was sitting there and I remember him describing it. He said that he was sitting there and he saw his his um I believe it was he heard a a lamb. It was caught up in some bushes and he heard a little l a voice that the lamb was bleeding and it bleeded. I only said one word, Miltown. Miltown. And you all know the story. Yeah. But when you go back and you really think about what happened, God never came and told brother Brandham, "All right, I got a little girl down there down there named Georgia Carter. She's in a town of Miltown. She's got tubercular menitis. She's laying there. She's been praying." No, he heard one word, Miltown. He had never even heard of Miltown. So why didn't he have all the information? Sometimes when we pray, we don't always get all the information. Amen. Brother Ram got one word and he had to find out a couple services like does anybody know where Miltown is? Finally, brother, yeah, it's down so and so 30, 40 miles away. So then he got the rights and went down there and and he and after that he got to the little church and he said, "Well, Lord, do you want me to preach on the street?" He said he went in and got a soap box. That's what he said. And come out and set it on the and sat down and stood on the corner. And he said he had he couldn't come up with nothing to preach about. You believe that? The prophet of God. Yeah. He said, "I couldn't think of nothing to preach about." Can you imagine him standing there on that soap box, people walking by and I might come up to him just standing there? He said, "Well, Lord, what do you want me to do?" So he walked up and saw a Baptist church up on the hill and had they'd had a scandal and everything and he sat there and he said, "Lord, if you want the doors open, send somebody by." No more. And he said that, a man said, "Do you want to get in the church?" He said, "Yes, sir." So, you know the story. had a revival started up and and the problem with that area was there was so much unbelief that he said, "I don't even know." Let me see if I can find that quote there. I want to go back and um see what he said. We got a few We got a few minutes, don't we? Now, let's see. Um I bookmarked it. I thought I did. Well, let's see. So, anyway, so it said, okay, so I'll read this right here. So, it says, oh, yes. Um, I don't care what my church says. Says, well, the devil's a liar. He don't want me to tell this this morning. Looking. Okay. So now when I got down Okay. So here we go. So now get this name now so you can write to her. She she I'll wait a minute for I call her name and address. So you get your pencil and piece of paper and she lived down the hill and her people belong to a certain denomination of church that absolutely doesn't believe in the spirit. Now what is sin? Unbelief. Unbelief. That's the original sin. It wasn't the act. It was the unbelief that led to the act. But the original sin is unbelief. It don't matter what title you've got. It don't matter what lodge that you attend every Sunday and call yourself a Christian. If you don't have belief, you're still you'll die in your sins. The Pharisees had it. The Sadducees had it. The word is dead until it's quickened by the spirit. And the worst spirit is a religious spirit. Ain't that right? Worst spirit. You can't even hardly talk to them. You ever tried to witness to somebody that was absolutely staunch and just died in the wool? Oh my, it's like talking to that wall right there. You'd be better off. The word is dead until it's quickened by the spirit, but they don't believe in that. See belief. Jesus couldn't even do anything because of unbelief. The God of heaven, manifested in flesh, incarnate God, walking on this earth, could not do anything because of the unbelief of the people. Right. Amen. Put that in perspective. A church, I don't know whether you have them up here or not, but they had made the announcement that anybody that attended my church would be given their letter when they come back. Not only did they not want to go in, but they prevented them others from going in. So I said, "All right, somebody will come." So we had a church full that winter. And so Mr. Hall, come to me. And he said, "Brother Brandon, there's a little girl laying over here over the hill here. She's about 20 years old. She's been laying flat on her back for nine years and eight months. Not to move from the bed. Tubercular plum through. The doctor hasn't even visited her for the last three or four years. There's nothing they done since LA last year. She has tubercular of the throat, tubercul of the lungs, tubercul intestinal tract, tubercular of the female organs, and said she got your little book a couple of months ago. Oh my. When do you think God heard her prayer? Do you think he heard her prayer when she finally got up off of that bed? Or do you think he heard her prayer the first time she got that book and started praying? And God sent that vision to that prophet. And it took him how long? He said he preached eight days in that in that meeting. It took him weeks and weeks and weeks. Yeah. To finally get there. And she had the book for three months and was praying. And just as as he said that, something said to me, "There's the lamb that's hooked in the wilderness." So I thought, "Oh well, Lord, you make a way. I'll just wait for you, but I knew that was the witness of the spirit." I waited. Now I want to go ahead and I was going to skip over this, but for somebody who hasn't ever heard this, I want to read this. And so finally when the meeting ended about 8 days, so all this had been going on, he had a revival in town. I was going to go home and on and that day the mother give consent to come over. said, "We we'll all leave the house if he wants you to come over just to satisfy her. This is on looking to the unseen 1950 looks like in August 16th. We won't even stay while he's there." And so I said, "Well, I'll go anyhow." So the mom and dad didn't want to be there. So they finally let him come to pray for. But said, "Well, I'll leave the house if he wants you to come over just to satisfy her, but but we'll leave the house. We won't even stay while he's there." Brother Bram said, "Hypocrites. He said, "I'd rather meet God as a ranked sinner, an alcoholic drug addict, than a hypocrite." Think about that. Religious people, hypocrites. Jesus said that to the scribes and Pharisees. Hypocrites. So, I went down and went to the room, went in the room. When I walked in the room, I knew that was the woman. I looked at her. She weighed 37 pounds. Almost 20 years old. I think she's 18 exactly. She was nothing but bone. She couldn't raise her hand. She couldn't raise her sputum cup. Her mother had taken the polyy fairly young woman. Turned gray as she could be and sat right there. And they hadn't even woman had the girl had never seen out the window for eight years. Nine years and eight months. She laid on the bed. This is plain. But they couldn't even put her on the bed pan. They had a rubber sheet under her and just changed the sheets in that manner. And then she her limbs right up there was just about this big around. I imagine that's what he said. and you and you write to her now and he gives the address and she'll write you back and give the doctor statements. And so when I went down across the hill, all the Christians said, "If that girl gets healed, it'll turn everything in this country to crying." But that's just the time you want to watch. God doesn't heal to make a showing. See, and they won't do it. And they won't do it usually. That's the hardest person in the world to be healed. When everybody's looking, then all the demons with their power focus right on them in their unbelief. Unbelief is the demon power. Of course, he that believeth not is condemned already. Now, he said, "I went in and had prayer for the little girl and she was telling me about reading where in the paper another girl had been healed." He talks about that little Methodist church. She was a nail, I think was her name. how the Lord moved by vision, sent me away in the wilderness hunting across the hills and found her. Said the woman's married now she's about 16 years old, 18. She was telling me about that. Well, I seen her faith was in the vision. So, I want to read on down to where she gets out of the bed because I love to hear this. So, then I was going up that night. All right. So, I want to hear I want to read on down here. So, he's sitting there praying. He says he saw that the um go by the way of Carter's. So that's Georgia Carter was the girl that got healed. Thus say he said I said thus sayith the angel of God who's fed me since the days I was born on this earth and has never lied to me. Georgia Carter will be well a well woman in the next hour. So she began to pray and thought of her daughter. Okay. So her mama saw the vision saw everything like that. I don't have time to read all of it but he said I took her by the hand and I said as the Lord God has said to me in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ rise up and behold. and how she was able to raise up limbs that big around. Hadn't moved for nine years and eight months laying on a bed. But when God speaks, he gives strength. That's right. Taking her by the hand, she looked at me like that. Her eyes looked like they set. And I took her by the hand and raised her from the bed. In less than a moment's time, she was walking through the house. She was screaming. Her mother pitched over in the room, cold, fainted. The girl opened the door and walked out, sat on out on the grass, and began to bless the grass and bless the leaves. Bless her little heart. The first time she had seen the leaves in the grass from nearly over nine years as she was laying on that bed and the people began to run from the neighborhood everywhere. I done went outside toward the hills toward the church. I couldn't stand around there. The anointing was just blessing all around. started up the hill and said, "So her father comes in and sees all that and and so brother Brandham says this here and I want to go back and says he had to get plum away from all the soldiers but we're told that he looked upon and okay this is back on hear his voice he said and if he was delayed 21 days because of the evil of that land in the days of Persia what would he be in this day? How long could he be delayed? But that underlying fa undying faith, that hunger and desire in the human heart that won't say no to God, but will hold on till God speaks from heaven. You can't play with this with this gospel. It's not to be played with. It must hit the tack 10 times out of 10. If you don't know what he's talking about there, he used to practice target shooting 50 yards with a thumb tack and he would shoot off-handed. Brother Charlie Cox, I I heard him say, "If you ever shot offhanded, that is no small feat." Let me tell you right now, he would hit a thumbtack at 50 yards with a 22 standing up, not leaning on a tree, not on a sandbag, off-handed. He said he's the best shot he had ever seen of anybody in his entire life. He said, "You've got to hit that tack times out of 10. Not nine out of 10, 10 out of 10." That's the way he was he was natured. That's the way God made him. It's got to be perfect or if it if it isn't right, it won't work. It's got to be perfect. Daniel prayed. Now, that ought to be encouraging to us. Sometimes we'll pray for a little bit, say, "Well, Lord, it hadn't happened yet." But just think of the unbelief. Just think of the unbelief. And even the people, so-called Christians, who don't believe in the moving of the spirit. Amen. He talks about here in faith is a substance. A little girl is there that weighed 47 pounds. He said 37 a minute ago. 27 years old, weighed 47 pounds by the name of Georgia Carter with tubercular. She belonged to this same church. And she said the people through the neighborhood said said she'd been on her back for nine years and six months. Let her get well and we'll believe it. That's what they all said. You let her get well and everybody in the whole country will believe it. He said, "But my friends, she's my piano player in the Miltown Baptist Church tonight." But do they believe? No. Even one raised from the dead, they don't believe in it. Now you think about that. No matter what you would say or do, if that unbelief is permeating through that land, it took the angel 21 days in Daniel's day to get to him for the answer of prayer. It took George Carter 3 to four months for the messenger angel means messenger for a healing angel to get to her. Just think about even an hour day how much longer it might take. So don't give up. If you're praying for your loved ones, if you're praying for something to happen in your life, if you're praying for your son or your daughter or your husband or your wife or whoever it might be, even your mama or your daddy, don't give up. Don't don't be weary and welloing. Just stay right there. Because the thing about prayer is that what you have to do, what I was trying to get to a little bit ago when we was talking about God and his infinite, a lot of people just say, "Well, there's an old man up there with a white beard and he's always mad, but Jesus loves me." Well, that's kind of the thinking of the world. But see, Jesus, uh, I'm sorry, in Hebrews, it says, "When you pray, believe that God is." You've got to believe. What does it say here? Hebrews chapter 6 of chapter 11:6 it says when you
