################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-04-26 - 230426 - Jason Watkins Rejoicing In All Things From Him - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-04-26
Title:   230426 - Jason Watkins: Rejoicing In All Things From Him
Speaker: Jason Watkins
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5xJzlqjr1VY
========================================

[Music] Amen. Wherever I go, I'll praise him. Wherever I am, I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me. Oh, wherever I go, I'll praise him wherever I am. I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus, lifted me. Let me hear you sing. Wherever I go, [Applause] [Music] his love surrounds me like a sea. Oh, how praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. for the name of Jesus with me. Oh I go I'll praise him wherever I am. I'll praise you for love surround me like the sea. Oh, I praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus for the name of Jesus. Forever I am love surround [Music] [Music] [Music] of your way. Oh, I go I'll praise him wherever I am. I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. The name of Jesus for the name of Jesus live in me [Applause] when you're down. Amen. You got something that always lift you up. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. We was practicing take up your cross, but we singing a little different. So, we're going to see if we can get the timing right on this one. All right. You know, we always try something different. So, take up your cross [Music] and follow Jesus. Take up your cross [Music] every day. [Applause] Oh, don't be ashamed to say that you know him. Oh, take up your cross and follow. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Look how come take up your cross and follow me. Say, "Take up your cross and follow Jesus." Say, "Take up your cross all every day. Oh, don't be ashamed to say that you know church. Take up your cross and follow me. Oh, take up your cross and follow Jesus. Take up your cross [Applause] every day. Well, don't be ashamed to say that you know him. Oh, take up your cross and follow me one more time. Take up the cross. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] He take up your cross and follow him. Amen. Let's give the Lord one more hand before we seated. Amen. How many appreciate the Lord? Amen. Brother Joe, if you come and give us a song. Amen. Let's give Brother Joe a hand. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Good to be back in the sunny South. We enjoyed it up there, though. It was a lot of fun. Got to meet a lot of good people and precious saints. They're everywhere, you know. Amen. I sung this song when I got up there because I was just so happy. I said, I just love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. See if you can find that for the uh congregation. I don't know all the words to it, but I'll just start off. Just give me something. What do you got there? I have no idea what key I sing it in. Let's just try G. Well, I love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. I love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. What a sight just to see all the happy faces praising God in heavenly places. Love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. One more time. Well, I love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. I love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. What a sight just to see all the happy faces praising God in heavenly places. Love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. Well, it could be just anywhere that two or three are gathered there that the spirit of the Lord will be there too. And there's no fellowship so sweet. There's no joy that can compete to the thrill I feel whenever God's children meet. Well, I love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. I love the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. What a sight just to see all the happy faces praising God in heavenly places. But the thrill that I feel when I get together with God's wonderful people. [Music] Let's give sister Dev a hand. Amen. And give her a big hand. Amen. And happy to have her back home also. Amen. Amen. Let's put on a spot a little bit tonight. So you guys just sing along if you know this. [Music] Hide me now under your wings. [Music] Cover me within your mighty hand. When the oceans rise and thunderers roar, I will soar with you above the storm. [Music] Father, you are king over the flood. [Music] I will be still and know you are God. Find rest my soul [Music] in Christ alone. [Music] know his power in quietness and trust. When the oceans rise and thunderers roar, I will soar with you above the storm. Father, you are king over the flood. I will be still and know you are God. Find rest my soul in Christ. Lord [Music] know there in quietness and trust. When the oceans rise and thunderers roar, I will soar with you above the storm. Father, you are king over the flesh. I will be still and know you are God. When the oceans rise and thunderers roar, I will soar with you above the storm. Father, you are king over the flood. I will be still and know you are God. I will be still and know you are God. [Music] Amen. How many's ready for the word this evening? Amen. Let us stand. Amen. Let's sing a little bit of Excuse me. Let's just praise the Lord. Amen. [Music] Let's just praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let's just lift our hands toward heaven and praise the Lord. Let's just praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let's just lift our hands toward heaven and praise the Lord. [Music] Let's just praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let's just lift our hands toward heaven. Praise the Lord. Let's just praise. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let's just lift our hands toward heaven and praise the Lord. Oh, let us praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let's just lift our hands toward heaven. Praise the Lord. Let us praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Let's just lift our hands toward heaven and praise the Lord. Oh, [Music] the Lord. Praise [Music] the Lord. or let's just lift our heads toward heaven and praise the Lord. Let us praise the Lord. Come on now. He's worthy of our hands forever and praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Okay, y'all going to have to do that again. And the reason is cuz it looks weird to say, "Let us raise our hands toward heaven." And nobody's raising their hands. I've seen about a third of you. I'll give you credit. So if you're going to sing it, do it. Amen. Let us praise the Lord. Oh, let us praise the Lord. Here you go. Our hands toward heaven. That's better. Praise. Amen. Let us pray. Praise the Lord. We praise our hands. Our hands for heaven and praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Well, I just like to make you practice what you preach. Amen. You make me practice what I preach. Amen. And so if you're going to say it and sing it, do it. Amen. You know, Brother Brandham, he he said some things I'd never have the courage to say. You just had to have a prophetic jurisdiction. You know, he said, "But listen, if you're not going to be and live like a Christian, stop saying you're one." I was like, "Wow, stop." Cuz I mean, in my mind, I'd go, "Well, you should at least let the weak say I'm strong." But he said, "If you're not going to be a Christian, stop saying you're one because out there you you you cause the unbeliever to go, hm, you know, wow." You know, and and that brings harm on the Lord Jesus. Brother Brandham said another thing one time how that, you know, we I always have the idea that if somebody wants to come to church, let's bring them. Let's let's get the whole neighborhood. We couldn't fit them, but I'd love to get the whole neighborhood. tried to cram them in here one time and and Brother Brandham says, "But you know," he said, "A lot of times," he cautioned those churches. He said, "A lot of times you're just piling up rocks cuz you're not getting them born again. You're just bringing them in the building and you're getting them." He said, "Now, boy, this took my breath away." He said, "You would have been better to left them out there because then they knew they were a sinner and God could deal with them. But you bring them into a church, make them clean up their lifestyle, and they think they're in. And they're not even born again of the spirit of God. Oh, the ways of God are past finding out. My, we're still children learning, aren't we? Amen. I sure feel like that. Amen. Lartha, good to see you guys here tonight. God bless you all. We're going to invite you to James chapter 1. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Sister Sweetheart didn't know I was going to preach from her favorite book tonight, but I am. Amen. I'm gonna if you're ever in heaven and you can't find Sister Debbie, just find James. They'll be sitting under an oak tree and she'll be going, "Now, you said this." Now, you know, that really affected me. And amen. Praise the Lord. And uh I love his practical approach. Probably why Sister Debbie loves him. She's a practical lady. verse 12. I want to read from verse 12 through verse 18. I want to speak tonight on rejoicing in all things from him. I want you to say all. All. Now remember you said that. Okay. Rejoicing in all things from him. James chapter 1 verse 12. Like to say welcome home to all the families. Man, we had a bunch of y'all. We were missing everybody. Amen. Brother JD and sister Amy are still on vacation and um you know up in well they he preached and so he's resting up in the Smokies and all the brothers were saying enjoy the rest brother JD and I was like no get home. Okay, rest but get home. Hurry. Amen. They said they missed us and we sure miss them and glad to see everybody back in one piece and probably still got one or two families out uh out and about. Verse 12. Blessed is the man that endureth temptation, for when he is tried, he shall receive the crown of life, which the Lord hath promised to them that love him. Now, every last one of us would love the last part of that verse. But nobody wants what it takes to get the last part of that verse. The last part is you'll receive a crown of life which the Lord promised to them that love him. That's great. But then I've got to endure temptation. And when I'm try and and I've got to overcome in trials. See verse 13. Watch James in his practical nononsense way break down all your uh conceited barriers. Let no man say when he is tempted, I am tempted of God. For God cannot be tempted with evil, neither tempteth he any man. See, but every man is tempted. Here's the plain hard sassifras truth. Every man is tempted when he is drawn away of his own lust and enticed. Then when lust hath conceived, now watch James put this together for you. So this there's no there should be no doubt in your mind what that's going to lead to after you read this. Then when lust hath conceived, it bringeth forth sin. Look at this domino effect. And sin when it is finished, bringeth forth death. I don't want death. Amen. Nobody wants death. But but but I don't I don't want the cause of death. The cause of death is sin. I don't want sin. I I And not just because I'm afraid to go to hell. That's not fear's long ago gone. I love the Lord and I want to be a Christian. Verse 16. Now watch, he's going to turn a corner. Actually going to flip the coin on you. Do not heir, my beloved brethren. Every good gift and every perfect gift is from above and cometh down from the Father of lights, with whom is no variableness, neither shadow of turning. Of his own will begget he us with the word of truth, that we should be a kind of first fruits of his creatures. Let's pray. Lord, we thank you for your word tonight. And I'm just trying to relax myself, Lord, into the flow of the Holy Spirit. A little bit laborous to me, Lord, to try to figure out. There's more material than I could cover and to try to find your exact mind. And I believe that you've given me that, Lord. But I I stand here ready Lord at any moment at a moment's notice without warning to be changed in my direction. So I humble myself before you and I ask you to help me Lord to uh the the spirit of the prophets is subject to the prophet and you know my intent is to try Lord to um go at a at a at a different kind of a pace tonight and I think you've given me the kind of material that will be conducive to that. just trying to see this enemy defeated Lord from my body and get through it. So just trying to use some wisdom Lord I commit it to you now in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you friends. You can be seated. Amen. So I'm going to make a give it the old Notre Dame try to not blow up. And this sermon the more I kept studying it. It it seemed very simple and straightforward. And the more I kept studying it and man, it started turning into a wildfire and started getting out of control. And I told Sister Tav, I said, "Man, I'm going to have to really be careful." You say, "There's really something to that." Sure. Absolutely. Um, well, I would only unmute it if I wanted to use it. Right. Okay. Now, I'm muted. You see why I leave this up, brothers? That's exactly why I say, "Don't push that down. That way, they'll have a backup back there." Amen. Not to mention that drives my OCD crazy. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, you know, Brother Bam talks about that uh anointing that would come upon him. And of course, you know, as a prophet, that's a whole different level. That's next level anointing. And and brother Brandon would actually have to walk off the platform. And he makes statements, you know, to the to the effect that, you know, he said, 'If I could stand it in my body, he said the Holy Spirit would just stand there all night and discern. He said, till I just fell over. And there were times when he didn't exercise wisdom and fell over and then had to leave the field for weeks on end. That's not unusual. Daniel, just from one vision, Daniel collapsed, fell on his knees, and passed out just in the presence of an angel. And and Daniel said, "I was troubled in my head for many days." And he he finally, you know, the angel Daniel collapsed and the angel puts his hand on and says, "Daniel, stand up. I need to tell I'm sent to tell you these things. Stand up on your feet. I've got to tell you this." And Daniel stands up on his feet. And the angel starts talking. And he faints again. Collapses. And finally, the angel has to turn to the to the spirit on the water, the Holy Spirit, and say, "Hey, you're going to have to help him." and he and he literally had to come and put his hand on Daniel and stand him up on his feet again. First, Daniel got up on his knees and he's a little wobbly and finally got to his feet. These things are real, friends. I'm here to tell you the the presence and of God is more real. It's not goosebumps. The presence of God is is an awesome thing where prophets felt like it might their next breath might be their last. And you know, Moses said, "I did exceedingly fear and quake." Amen. And so this is why God gives the prerogative to the speaker to to use wisdom. And so I'm trying to do that tonight, trying to rid myself completely of this terrible plague of shingles. And I'm almost got it. Uh finally got off of all medicine. Even the eye doctor finally took me off my eye drops today. I was so glad that stuff was not comfortable going in. But uh it looks good and I appreciate your prayers. God bless you. Please keep praying for Sister Jean. She is just still um not good. But we're going to be have her on the prayer list tonight with a number of other things. Now, when I when I think about this scripture, you're going to find that that James is going to draw a a very stark contrast. And it's done on purpose. And he's going to literally show the dark side of man and the devil and the world. When a man's enticed and led away of his own lust and it brings forth sin and that brings forth death, don't fool yourself. He's saying, see, don't don't end up you you need you need to think about where you go and what you do. You need to think about what you give your eyes to and your ears to. You need to think about your friends. See, you need to think about your fellowship. You need to think about these kinds of things that make you strong because the absence of them make you weak. See, you believe that? So, so, so we find that that James is now going to make a a very sharp contrast. In fact, is I tried to to think of is there even a sharper contrast? And I don't think you you'd look through the whole Bible and find an apostle so bent on making you see the two sides starkly with no no ambiguity. He's saying, "Listen, this is sin. This is lust. And this is the devil. And this is death. And this is light. And this is the father of lights. And this is every good gift. And this is where the believer is to live." Amen. See, I mean, you know, one one commentator said, you know, concerning how he said here, every good gift and every perfect gift is from above. and cometh down from the father of lights. One commentator comments that shadows from the sun shift, but not the one who made the sun. I took great comfort in that. You've heard me talk about it before that God, you know, God is not moody. He doesn't pout like we do. He doesn't, you know, he doesn't he doesn't wear his feelings on his sleeve like we do. He doesn't get up on the wrong side of the bed. He doesn't have a bad hair day. Okay? There is no variableness. There's no variation. He's he's he's of old of from everlasting. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's always good. He's always holy. He always has always has your best interest in his mind. He says that you don't have to worry about the intentions of God for his family because he says in the Bible, I know my intentions for you that they are for good and not for harm. So listen friend, whatever you run out run into out here in the world that that just seems to weary you down and puts you under burdens and trials and even the fiery kind, just understand that God has not lost his intention to do you good and to grow you and bring you to the crown that James started by talking about in verse 11. Amen. Blessed is the man that endureth. See, when he's tried, he shall receive a crown. This is God's provided way for excellence. We spoke here recently on excellence versus sufficiency or sufficiency versus excellence. And I determined that I wanted to excel. I determined that I don't just want to make the grade. I I want to cross the Here I go. I want to cross the finish line running. And I'm not going to take off running. I apologize for that. Please pardon me because every time I I go that way the next several days are not good. So I'm just That's why brother Matt ended up we swapped last Sunday. We may do that again this Sunday. I'm determined to get past it. We'll see. Just keep keep me in prayer. And so, so we find out that that I I want I want excellency. And this is actually what God forecasts for those people that we've been talking about. You remember that group of people at the end time who know their God and do great exploits? Two things to remember. First of all, it's not just you that's going to do exploits. the Antichrist. If you go up five or six verses, I forget how many, and it talks about the Antichrist, he's going to do exploits. So, so, so there's going to be a lot of exploits going on here at the end time. And they're very, they're starkly different. And you need to make up your mind which pack you want to run with. Amen. Now, you're getting to the heart of my sermon. Which pack do we want to run with? Make up your mind. Do you want to be a Christian or do would you rather not make up your mind? Be honest with God. At least he'll respect you. He He despises lukewarmness. It nauseates him. Amen. He would rather That that seems in congress to me. God would rather you be cold than warm. Amen. He would much rather you be hot than either. But whatever you do, don't be that nauseating lukewarm water and try to make him drink that sacrifice, that drink offering like David brought him. And David brought fresh, cool, clean water from deep in the bedrock. And God received that kind of a sacrifice. Cain brought his best efforts and said to God, "Take it or leave it." Probably never imagining that God would say, "Okay, I'll leave it." See, so so there's this stark contrast between the two. And he says here, there's no shadow of turning in him. And I love this verse 18, of his own will begott us with the word of truth. So there should be no doubt in our minds how you get born again. See by the word of truth. That's how he begat you. That's how you got into his family. By the word of truth. No wonder brother Brandon would say, "Brother Brandon, what's the new birth?" It's a person. It's a revelation of Jesus Christ personally to you. See, because I mean it's not as if the word suddenly became true. The word was true when you were a sinner. Yes. Amen. But that didn't do anything to you. It didn't it didn't become true and and at the day you got saved, it was always true. Just had no effect on you. You might have even read the Bible. Yes. Amen. But it but but it's not just the fact that it's true didn't didn't change a thing. So the fact that you're now changed, it becomes apparent that it was something happened more than just this being true. This became real to you. This became an experiential thing with you. Amen. The sense that there is um trying to been trying to you know put this together in my mind. the sense that there is in the in the age that we live in today someh quasi no man's land of uh uh some kind of approved area of compromise between good and evil or right and wrong I want you to know that's a myth that that that the world would have us believe that there is some acceptable area where you can live where the word is watered down and weakened so that right and wrong become obscure and and and and there you are just in that mediocre mediocrity lukewarmness and you know it's it's this whole spirit on the age today of inclusion and it that sounds like a noble gesture you Now, we should include everybody. I'm happy to have anybody in the family of God who wants to be born again of the spirit. But I I'm sorry if it hurts your woke feelings, but I don't want to share heaven with people who aren't born again. I've had to put up with that my whole life. Amen. I want a place that's purely pure and completely clean and and absolutely holy. Amen. Oh, the day that I've waited on my whole life is just ahead of us, friends. So the sense of the world and I'm I'm coming to you tonight with the with the words of the Apostle James so that you don't fall into that trap and get poisoned in your mind and think that there's some acceptable middle ground. I you know I I I I'm not a sinner. I believe God sent a prophet. Okay. Well, I even know who he is. Great. And I believe everything he said. Well, that's wonderful. But what is it doing to your life? See, it's one thing to be in what we call the message. It's all together different thing for the message to be in you because the message isn't the message. The message is a person. Understand that it's the Lord Jesus Christ in the form of his word. And he's come down to tabernacle himself in a body to make you the continuation of him. And there's no there's no compromising on that there. We got all kinds of weaknesses. Let's just own it. Let's look at one another and say, you know, it's not my brother or my sister. It really is me standing in the need of prayer. That's not what I'm talking about. We've all got ups and downs. We're like Elijah, men and women of like of like passions, but that's not my heart. That's not my desire. I want a ferveny. And that's what the word has come in this hour to call you unto ferveny. Amen. Listen friends, a lot of people don't want to pay the price. Let's just be honest. You might be one of them here tonight. I I could say that I want more of God. And that might not be true of you. And and I'm sorry if that's true of you. Let me try to go back to my sermon tonight and persuade you. Let me cry and beg and roll on the ground and throw dirt in the air. I'll do anything that you need me to do to persuade you to ferveny to to to zealousness. Oh my to we we we've been preaching on sincerity and exploits and the third pole and the spoken word and I have proven to you through eight parts and got a ninth part if I can ever get back to it. And one theme that we have been honest with you from part one and every time we keep mentioning it, this thing takes rededication. We're at the time where the bride's got to lift off the earth and and that's going to take a sincerity. You must be more sincere than you've ever been. Now, you can't make yourself sincere. It wouldn't be sincerity. But what you can do is say, "Very well, Lord." then make me sincere. That's that's the same as saying whatever it takes. Do we have enough honest people in here tonight? Are are their teenagers honest to say, "I want a rapture, Lord. Whatever it takes. I don't even need to know. Just whatever it takes." If you'll have that, then the devil is beat already. Let me encourage you today. You have that kind of desire in your heart, I promise you the devil is already defeated. Hallelujah. Don't let him keep bluffing you. You're already, your feet are already off the ground and you're headed heavenward. So, the sense that there is some approved area, some watered down version, some compromise between good and evil, some watering down between right and wrong, it's a myth. And and and I'm a minister of the gospel of Jesus Christ. and and and and not by the will of man, right? Amen. And not by my own will for sure. Peter says second Peter 1:21, "For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man, but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." as such. Then that being true, then my entire life f friends that has literally been taken over from a young age. Amen. From a just a young boy thinking about God and his word and from a young teenager. And I and I don't not here to try to tell you I had some pious perfect life. I was a sinner saved by grace just like you. And I had my times where I was distant from the Lord and needed to make a full dedication. I I want I I can tell you tonight I'm filled with regret. What? That's not what I expect you to say. I regret that I didn't do it much sooner, much younger. Hallelujah. It's what we've been called to. This ministry team here that God has given us. Amen. They've been called and positioned by God to stand in a public pull pit on public airwaves and confront that fallacy that there is some there is some acceptable compromised area in the word of God. Brothers, we're here to confront that false narrative. That's a myth. That's a lie. That's false. It's not true. And we got to stand like warriors and say there is no compromise. There's no middle ground. There's no watering it down. We've got to be able to show God's thoughts on it from his word. And I I I'm sorry sometimes if if I hurt your feelings and have to say things and you'll never know. You'll never know the agony I go through for days afterward cuz it's so against my nature to be confrontational like that. But all I can tell you is when I get here, I'm not my own. Something takes over and I I'm like Jeremiah. A fire iss burning inside my bones and I can't be silent. God is looking for ferveny. God wants to demonstrate his power in our lives. Amen. That's good. Yes, sir. The voice of many waters. Brother Brandham refers to it out of the book of Revelation talk called it the ministry voice of the ministers through the Holy Spirit that's cried out in every age. And that's what we are. We're a voice. We're we're voices under the voice. Amen. For this age sent by God into the world. Make no apologies for that. It's changed my whole life. It's brought the power of God. People can say what they want, but I know what this message has done to me. And I know the miracles that follow it. And I know the evident evident fruit of the ministry. I see it in your lives. Hallelujah. God sending this mighty prophet to the gentile church. According to scripture, he was to come just before the consummation of the ages, right before the bride goes home. And 2,000 years 2,000 years ago, 2,000 years ago, John saw this prophet from the future. Amen. Met him, talked to him, kept trying to worship him. He the the the nature of that prophet from the future was so familiar to John who had walked with the Lord and leaned on his bosom. John just thought it must be Jesus in another form and he kept collapsing and trying to worship him. And the and the humble prophet from the future kept putting his hand and said, "Don't you worship me. We don't have nothing to do with that deity spirit. That deity spirit ain't in heaven. There's one up there on the throne and that's the only one we worship." Hallelujah. I'm just your brother. I'm a one of the prophets. That's all I am. That's all I want to be. This prophet from the future. If the Bible is to be believed, do you believe it? Amen. If the Bible is to be believed, whoever this man would turn out to be, sure, he was a true messenger. If the Bible is to be believed, absolutely. Whoever this prophet from the future would turn out to be, he would be a true messenger that you can bank on. Amen. Like I say, let let critics say what they will, but the book of Revelation shows that this prophet would be faithful. The book of Revelation shows that he would not lead men to himself, but he would lead them to Christ. The book of Revelation shows that he would not compromise on the word. Amen. Amen. That's right. He would wield the sword of the spirit. Yes, he would actually be given according to the book of Revelation, he would be given authority to initiate the release of the seventh vial upon the earth. A devastating vial, devastating, to be poured out in fullness during the tribulation period after the bride is gone. But don't misunderstand that vial is already cracked open and is already causing the madness. You see, cuz it was released as a as a toxin in the air and men's minds are men's hearts are failing for fear and anxiety for fear of the unknown and the craziness and the insanity that we see. Listen friends, it's not an accident. You see it. I'm not making this up. You see it. The days of Noah where the wickedness of man was great in the earth. So that the imagination that every imagination of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually. Tell me we're not there. Sodomites breaking down the door. Breaking down the door. Threatening to do violence to have their way. That's scripture. What you're seeing happen out here today is scripture. Right. See the world falling into total chaos is it it's it's not unknown to the people of of the book. It's not unknown to us today. The people who know their God, the people who dare to believe for great exploits. Do you dare? Amen. See, I think we can fairly conclude that whoever this prophet would be, he would certainly have thus sayeth the Lord and I'll take it. I'll take it. Oh yeah. You don't want your portion? Give it to me. I'm a big eater. Amen. Praise the Lord. Tell you something, friends. When Christ stepped from the eternities and took the book and loosed those seals, prophet said he called for his queen. and called for his bride to come and stand by his side. I wonder tonight in this building who's willing to pull their spiritual sword and and steps forward to the side of Christ and say, "I'll take the way with the Lord's despised view, and I'll put down the enemy. That's why I'm here. I'll be a living word. I'll be an example. I will let the mind which was in Christ be in me. I will let the I will let the word dwell in me richly. It is evident from Revelation 10 that the word of this prophet from the future would be the final say for establishing judgment in the world. There's no question whoever you say this prophet is, that's the commission he would have. Not only not only to bring life but to bring judgment also because it's the son of man. Jesus prophesied that. See, it's evident from Revelation 10 that he would have the final say for establishing God's provided way of salvation. It's evident from Revelation 17 that his word would be the final say for establishing the judgments in the world. So he's got the authoritative singular voice to show God's provided way of salvation. God's provide God's provided approach. And there's no way to get redemption outside of the message of this prophet from the future. Amen. Right. And chapter 17 shows him with the authority to release that seventh vial, a message from God so accurate and so inspired that it would. It would it would bring forth justifiable judgments. Amen. From God who has to be just. God can't lose his cool. Amen. God can't burn up the world because he gets an attitude. God is judicious. He's fair. He's He's all powerful, but he's also all knowing. And he he's he he has so much understanding that he's not even destroying people for their works. He's destroying them because of their heart, because of their rejection of the word of God. The the the the reward for evil works there. You reap what you sow. Of course, that's nature. That's not something God's got to do at the end time. People constantly reap what they sow. And at the at the end time, it actually won't even be God destroying the world at Armageddon. It'll be man destroying himself. And God will just simply pull the stops out and let the wagon roll off the cliff. Guess what? You're the stops once he pulls you out of the way. Hallelujah. See? And so it it's got to come forth as just. He can't he can't send a man to to judgment without a fair warning. And in his and in his benevolence and the fact that his his throne is established in mercy and that he warns a man over and over and over and over and over and he says to even he says to the world why will you die? Why will you not come to me and live? Even Jesus picks that up and says you won't come to me that you might live. Yeah, I'm here to save you. I'm not here to condemn you. I came not into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world. Say, "Yeah, but his throne is also uh established in judgment." True, but mercy rejoicth against judgment. I want to dance. I want to jump up and down so bad. Mercy rejoicth against judgment. Oh, you might have every kind of failure in your past life. Mercy rejoicth against judgment. You might not be will be worthy to sit here. I'm not worthy to stand here. But mercy rejoices against judgment. Thank you, Lord. You know, they talk about bias in the news and bias in this and bias in that. I mean, you know, I'm I'm not opposed to bias, but I want it to be a bias for truth. Yeah, bias isn't bad in in and of itself. If I want truth and justice, if I want God's word, I'm biased. I'm sorry. I want his opinion over yours. I, you know, I remember brother Bisll told a story one time years ago. I was just a teenager. Man, it made such an impression on me. And some guy starts coming to church, some intellectual guy. He sat quietly for a few services and taking his notes. Finally, he says to Brother Ed, "Hey, can I can I see you in your office?" Sure. Sure. Come on, brother Ed. Very gracious man. And he just said, "You just sit down." And how many times I've sat in that office? And it was just a little double wide trailer back in the log church days. And he says, "Well, you know," and he started going down his notes and his list. He said, "You know, you said this, you taught this and William brought him into this and that and this position." And he said, "I understand that that works for you." He said, he said, "But you know, I just think," and brother Ed just stopped him. He said, "Just a second." And the guy was taken back. And brother Ed said, "Listen, I don't care what you think." I thought, "Man, that's how you cut to the chase. Save yourself agony." Brother said, "I don't care what you think." And the man was like, "What?" He said, ' Listen, I don't care what you think. I don't care what I think. I got a church of 250 people at that time. He said, 'I don't care what they think. Now, if I don't care what they think and I don't care what I think, why do you think I would care what you think? Never saw him again. You know, this this constructed myth that there is some approved area of compromise between good and evil, right and wrong, is an illusion by Satan. It's a deception by Satan. And I'm going to tell you something, friends. I'm going to give you some help tonight. It's a It's an illusion by Satan to try to keep you out of the realities of living in the realities of God, the living realities of the living God. That's where I want to live. That's where I want to put my foot down. That's where I want to raise up out of my bed in the morning thanking him. Go to bed at night thanking him. I want the realities of the living God. I'm not here to breathe in some toxic nonsense that there's some compromised version. There's no compromised version. There's only righteousness. There's only holiness. There's only the word. The word and the word alone. No more man-made creeds. We're done with that. Yeah, we came out of that. Not interested in man's ideology and theology and creeds of men. There's 33,000. How long is that line? Amen. Amen. And I'm crazy really. And somebody says, "Well, I I I just think I I I got to I think differently." Okay, get in line. It's just run for about a couple hours. You'll get to the end of the line and just get in line with 33,000 other opinions. I'm not interested in opinions. God didn't promise to send an opinion. God didn't promise to send what the ages had. We're promised another Ephesians. We're promised another reality of the living God. And it's living reality or bust. It's heaven or bust. It's a rapture or bust. I'm I'm putting all my marbles in it. I'm putting my whole heart in it. I'm banking everything on it. And if I fail, I will still have lived a happier, satisfying life. I've got to keep my money. I've got to keep my health. I've got to keep my reputation and my honor. I didn't I didn't blow all my money on drugs and booze and women and fast living. I didn't wake up with hangovers. I don't have cerosis of the liver. I lived a clean, wholesome life. So even if I lose, I win. Amen. It's a deception. Such a powerful quote. Yeah. Proving and showing that either you have all of Jesus or you don't have any. Amen. You either believe all the word or you believe none of the word. You say, "Well, I I got I got partial." You don't get no credit. That that's unacredited. That ain't gonna do you no good. Go to an unacredited school. Find out what kind of degree you get. Wouldn't be worth much, would it, Doc? You think he spent all these years and just recently finished his doctorate, now he's a an official doctor. You can call him Dr. Dr. Ward. They're all docs to me. You think he would waste his money and time and resources in something unacredited? No way, man. It it doesn't matter. We can have all kinds of opinions, you know, long and short and high and low. And I get it. I'm I'm not I I I get that we're all at various spiritual levels. And I'm I I'm good with that. I can work with that. You know, especially those of you who were I think we're we were count trying to count it the other day. We're our fifth or sixth or seventh generation of teenagers started back in 1995. My boys were the first gen and then we've kind of went and every level up after that and level two, you know, generation two, three, four. I think we're at five or six or seven somewhere around in there. And and you know something I you you you they've all heard me say and if you're here, you started out in that little group, those young teenagers, and now you're an adult, you've heard brother Jason say it for years. I'm not about wins and losses. It's not my nature. I don't look at the W and the L columns of your life. I'm not worried about have you had this many wins and this many losses or, you know, are you are you are you batting? Are you at 500? Are you less? Are you losing? I don't care about that. I'm only looking for the fight because I got wins and losses, but I got to fight. And that's why I tell the teenagers, just be willing to fight. Come on. Come on. We're almost home. Be willing to fight. Hallelujah. You might fall down. Get back up. Oh my. There's nothing to quit here. We're not quitting. We're not quitters. I'm pressing on. Hallelujah. Not interested in Satan's deception. It's smokec screen. You receive all of his word and its benefits or you receive none of them and he owes you nothing. Let me say that again. You you you receive all of his word and and and its benefits or you receive none of him and he owes you nothing. Amen. You're not going to make a case to me that the offended owes the offender something. Why don't you just play the victim? God owes me. Huh? He died for you and you still don't serve him. What? What do you think he owes you? Oh, somebody hurt my feelings. Who? Paul said, "Listen, why don't you just consider him one time? Whenever you get your feelings hurt, your sucker licked on the wrong side, just consider him who endured such contradiction against himself by sinners that God I'm going to tell you a shocking but true story. You ready? God traded a man that was completely innocent for an entire world of filthy, rotten, guilty people. Amen. And and this man spent his whole life pleasing the father. Spent his whole life not only was he, as I've said to you before, he's our total satisfaction. He's he's not just the atonement. He he he was the atonement because he was the worthy lamb. But but that was that wasn't all that was required because remember when brother Brandham in uh is the rising of the sun and he talks about Jesus coming up out of the grave. What a glorious day. There had been many men died even for a good cause but never remember that. But there had never been a man who could lay his own life down and pick it back up again. Said it was the answer to man's question. It was the answer to Job's question. If a man die, can he live again? Is there chance? Is there hope? Yes. I know my redeemer liveth. Someday I'll see him. I'm here to tell you, someday I'm going to be with John around the throne. Someday I'm going to see him. And and brother Bam says, "Now that was great for Jesus that he rose from the dead, but what's that got to do with me? Come on. I haven't even went to Calvary to say nothing of being killed and raising from the raising myself from the dead, which I can't even do and probably wouldn't pass the Pilate's judgment hall test. Peter didn't. Just saying. John didn't. Loved him more than all of them. He didn't pass it. He ran in the ran off in the garden. Ran off like a crazy man. Left Jesus. Thought they're alone. And so so so so when you think of it in that way here God comes and and and takes this man who was totally absolutely completely innocent who not only was the the worthy lamb to be the atonement for sin but there was something called the perceptive side of the word because you remember It must be line upon line, precept upon precept. So there had to be somebody live. This is great that he was the atonement that he came out of the tomb. But there had to be also somebody lived the preceptive sight of the word flawlessly, perfectly so I could get credit for it. You understand? He hasn't just saved me and left me a vagabond. He gave me the righteousness of Jesus Christ and put it on me and took my sinful filthy robes and put it on him. The prophet said, "God condemned him as a sinner. He who knew no sin, God condemned him as a sinner and sent him to hell so you wouldn't have to go and I wouldn't have to go." You say, "Oh, that was terrible." But the Bible says of Jesus during his worst moments when the affliction was and the pain was so searing, the Bible said he will see his seed and be satisfied. I'm telling you, when he was on the cross, I was in his view. You were in his view. He's not obligated to credit any of your good works or deeds of piety. Listen friends, you'll you'll come God's provided way or perish with the unbelievers. Sorry I don't have a curtain B. I'm sorry. There is no such a thing as a compromised area. You either have all of Christ or none of him. You either believe all the word of God or you perish with the unbelievers. See, so James, let me try to wind up here. can't finish. So, let me just try to go to the bottom of the hour. So, Jame James shows the reality between God and Satan. And it's not dismal. It's not murky. It's not undefined. The age is dismal. The age we live in is dismal. Absolutely. The age we live in is loose. The age we live in is compromised. But not the word. The word is not dismal. God sent you and broke the seals and the mighty God has been unveiled. There is no nothing you can lean back on. Just just get over your laziness. Get over your travelingness and say, "Lord God, come down into my heart tonight and lift me up above the shadows and cause me to soar in the heavenlies. The word is stark and the word is clear and unbelief of uh you know of of the whole is sharply defined I would say as anything that takes away any part of the word of God. The unbelief I want to say it again unbelief is very sharply defined. It's not a, you know, you can't, it's not camouflaged. Say, uh, you know, is this wrong? Is this wrong? Is this wrong? Is this wrong? Brother Brandham just had such a simple hillbilly answer for that. He said, my my first question, Brother Brandham, is this wrong? Can I do this? He said, my first question is, why do you have a question? If you have a question, don't do it. Pretty simple. See why? Why? Why question? Why? Why walk along the edge, man? I want to stay as far away from that edge as I can. And and so so we we find out that that unbelief of the entire word of God and how you become culpable in that and flatly and fully guilty is is it's defined as anything that sets aside even one word of God. This is how valuable God's words are. So you you I'm sure that you can have some appreciation why we will not allow from this pull pit this message to be compromised. Amen. Amen. Amen. And it doesn't matter to us as a ministry team. It doesn't matter to us that this is the 21st century. It's still God's word. And it doesn't matter to us that the whole world is doing it. We're not over the world. Amen. See, this is how valuable God's words are. You can't Jesus taught us that you can't even dismiss a jot or a tit or an iota. And we're talking, we're getting down to punctuation. Amen. You can't you can't dismiss anything. Stop living Let me say it tonight as I wind toward a close. Stop living under an illusion that Satan is telling you that God's word doesn't matter as an absolute. I'm here to tell you that's a lie. It matters. 100% of his word matters to him 100% of the time. Break out of this dismal day, friends. Great light has come to our day. Do you believe it? It's a day. It's a day that can't be called day or night. But God has promised that he will come down in this dismal day and define right and wrong. And he will show the difference. And the Bible says he will make a difference. Amen. And people can call it bias if they want to, but he will come down and make a difference between those who believe his word and those who don't. See? And so, so you know, I I I I just want to say to you today as we get ready to go off the air that you've been called to something fantastic. And I want to challenge you tonight to absorb that. That this isn't some willy-nilly thing that was done in a corner. God expended great effort, great resources, and wore out lives and ministers and preachers and and has went down through time in this last day to give to give mankind one last chance. One the the world is getting their last opportunity to see this live in flesh. They're not seeing it in William Brandham. He's gone. They're seeing it in the continuation of Mrs. Jesus Christ. That's the brideg you've been fed on the word that he brought to you that he got from God according to the Bible. I mean, if the Bible's to be believed, that that's incontrovertible. See, you might dismiss it like you would other things in the scripture, but when I read it, I it's very clear to me. Yes. See, and so so I wanted to say to you that however, however we we think we are soaring, can I say to you that you're called to go even higher. Amen. However proud you are of yourself, that you have let go of things of the world, the spirit of God is calling for a total separation from unbelief. Amen. A total separation. I just got to labor on that. The Holy Spirit just drilling holes in me. You're called to go higher. Don't settle for anything less than higher. Say, how high? Higher than that. Well, how high is that? Higher still. Hallelujah. All the way till a body change, friend. I'm not here to boast and be proud of what I've overcome. I overcame nothing. Was headed to hell and I couldn't do anything about it. But grace, but God, but Christ, but the word. Hallelujah. Oh my. The spirit of God is not calling for you just to make a few changes in your life. It's not calling for you just to say, "God sent a prophet." It's calling on you to be the living embodiment of the word of God in this day, in this hour. Now, who's ready to pull out their spiritual sword and stand to your feet and say, "I'll take the way with the Lord despised you." He's called for his queen to stand by his side. Here I come, Lord. I'm going to stand by your side and defy the world and defy this sodomite age and defy this days of Noah and say, "Christ is here. He's not coming. He's among us. Amen. Yes, sir. Hallelujah. Let the redeemed say so. So be it, Lord. Let's raise up those eagle wings. Say, "Amen." Amen to the word. Let the Lord hear you say, "Amen to the word." Amen. Oh, hallelujah, Lord. Bow your heads with me, friends. Lord, I'm going to stop because I'm at the point where I can't control it any longer. So, I'm just going to stop right here. We're going to move to prayer. But Lord, oh, your word, your word, your word, your presence. It's so strong, Lord. I'm I'm an oracle. I'm I'm I'm I'm here to deliver your message to these people. Hallelujah. Don't let anyone go from this building tonight thinking they can live in some imaginary land of compromise. [Music] There is no such thing. That's a myth. That's a mist. That's a fog. That's that's that's a that's an illusion. You either have all of him or you have none of him. You either take all of his word and then you're entitled to everything or you reject any part of it and he owes you nothing. Lord God, I stand here tonight with these people. I want to raise up my both hands and say, Lord, I'm unworthy also, but I'm here to thank you for your grace. I'm here to thank you for your word. I'm here to thank you that you don't quit. You don't give up on me. You never gave up. Oh lamb of God, I stand here tonight and I just say, "I love you. I love you, Lord." Brother Luther started us at the beginning of the service by saying, "Lord, I love you." Now, we're going to come to the end. Lord, we're going to say it. Lord, I love you. Lord, I love you. Lord, I love you. I love your word. I love everything about you. We're so sorry, Father, for any times in our lives where we've somehow allowed the word to fall to the ground. We didn't take the stand for it. that we should have. Lord, don't let that don't let anyone leave here in that condition. May the word have some effect on the people, not just to affect us. Lord, I'm I appreciate the effect. It's makes preaching easier and people become enthused with me and they catch the vision with me and they go up into the atmospheres of anointing with me and it's wonderful. But eventually we got to leave this building and go back out into the real world. And is there going to be an effective change, an effective change that I wasn't just affected, but I wasffected and it made a difference in my life. Lord, I I know I know there's got to be you wouldn't have put this sermon on my heart. I know it's ministering to your people tonight. not only in this building but out across the airwaves, Lord, people who are streaming live, people who are here on an archive. I thank you for it. I thank you for your love to us. Now Lord I just before we go to physical prayer with all heads bowed now all eyes closed I'm going to ask you but wait till I tell you what the reason I'm going to give you an opportunity to raise your hand to the Lord but I want it to be for this reason that when you raise your hand you'll be saying to the Lord, "Tonight, the word found me out and I I want to move higher." Tonight, the word found me out and I find that I want to move higher. Now, if you'd like for Jesus to see that, you raise up that hand to him right now. Lord, you found me out tonight and I want to move higher. You founded me out. Lord, I got too comfortable and you're calling me higher. You're calling me upward. Upward and onward and upward. Amen. The bride in an order of ascending. It's what the last thing the prophet saw last thing preview of the bride. He said that group of painted Jezebels said they marched on past and said they went off the edge of the cliff and plunged down into the canyon floor. He said, "You've never heard such screams in your life as they plunged to their death following a witch." He said, "But that little sainted bunch of little girls, smooth, clean, marching to the step of the gospel, said instead of going down, she started going up." Hallelujah. And even two or three of them that had got out of step and all a prophet had to say was, "Get back in step." And he said, "When I come out of the vision, they they were hurrying to get back in step." Oh, I'm hurrying tonight, Lord, to get back in step. I thank you now. Oh, every hand that went up, may you meet that need. May you meet that person honest in their heart tonight. And if there's anybody here who wants to make a new beginning, maybe you've never made a beginning yet. You've looked at Christ. You've thought about it. But maybe tonight some supernatural being was standing closer than you expected and you feel impacted by it and you'd like to raise a hand and say, "Preacher, I want you to pray for me that God will somehow have mercy on me." You want to raise up that hand to him? I'll pray for you. God bless you. God bless you, brother. God bless you, sister. God bless you, young man. Brother, sister, God bless you, sister in the back. God bless you. God sees that hand. God sees that, Lord. This is why we preach. This is what the gospel is given for. This is what the Holy Ghost is given for. Oh Lord God, take now take control. Move among these people, Lord God. Cause hearts to come to know you in a real and meaningful way who have never known you and those who have known you and they're being called higher. They're being summoned, come up higher. Come up higher. Come up, John. I saw a door opened in heaven. Come up higher. Come up into the sunlight of God's word. Breathe fresh, clean air. Soar like the eagle on the currents of faith. We love you for that, Lord God. We thank you for this service tonight. I give it into your hands in Jesus name. What are you going to sing? Brother Anthony in me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. Oh yes. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take. Hallelujah. Every moment I'm awake. Lord have Lord have your way. Lord I give you my heart. Oh, let's wave to him now. I give him a wave offering. Make it a sacrifice. Wave at him. Lord, I live for you alone. Every breath that I take. Every moment I'm awake. Lord have Lord have your way. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. Oh, that's beautiful, friends. Oh, you're singing good. I live. Come on, let me hear you alone. Every day, there it is. Come on, put it out there. I will wait. Let him hear it. Let Jesus hear it. Lord have your way in me. This is my desire. This [Music] is my desire. Come on, sing it. to honor you Lord with all my heart I worship you. Hallelujah. All I have within me [Applause] I hear [Music] praise [Applause] and all that I adore is in you. Oh [Music] Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I Lord, Lord, Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone every breath that I every moment I Lord have to [Music] This is my desire to honor you [Music] with all my I worship you. Move it tight now. All I have all I have within me. All I give I give you away. Oh, [Music] I adore [Applause] it in you. Oh yes. Here we go now. Oh yeah. Oh Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. [Music] I live for you [Music] every breath that I every moment I Lord have your in me. Sister Elizabeth Johnson writes, "Good morning. I have a very special prayer request for a very dear friend of mine, Victoria, who found a lump that is tender to the touch under her armpit. I am believing that by his stripes she is healed and that this lump is nothing that should be concerning in the name of Jesus. Please have the saints agree with me in prayer on this matter. How many agreeers? Amen. Sister Hope writes, oh well actually this already got actually already got met. This is going to be a testimony. Now, remember that. Um, wow. So, I won't tell you the testimony. I'm just going to tell you that Lillian was really up against it today for her nursing her final nursing test. And if she failed it and she was sure she had cuz the the the the professor was not kind. 25 students I think failed and she was asking for urgent prayer. Amen. Please pray. She says, uh, immediate prayer from brother Jason and also a prayer request. Amen. So, we'll get to that testimony in just in a minute. I'll leave you on a cliffhanger. Um, Sister Martha Watkins, my Martha. Um, hey, uh, so she's this is u a friend. So, it says um she is she's one we prayed about that has the rare cancer. And so, oh, here's her name, Amanda Thompson. And we're going to get a prayer cloth tonight. And this cancer, we started praying for it. They Martha's never taken her a prayer cloth yet tonight. So, we're going to take that next step. It has now spread over her entire body. They haven't given her much hope. And that's just the kind of case the Lord is good at. Amen, man. When all hope is gone. Wow. Oh, he just, you know what he does sometimes? He'll let that happen just so he can come riding in on a white horse and save the princess. Oh, like a hero on Slay the Dragon. Save the Save the Queen. Oh my. You say, "Is he dramatic like that?" You better believe it. Brother Brandham said the whole thing to him was a drama. She's asking all her prayer warriors. Prayer uh for all prayer prayer warriors. She is really scared in a lot of pain. She has two kids at school ages 12 and eight. Man, I just told her, I said, Martha, she's telling me and Matt about it today. I said, I think it's time for another cancer miracle. We had a bunch of those. Hallelujah. So, we're going to pray and uh let me get my prayer cloth before I forget it. So, let me gather my ministers up here in front of me. Martha, come up to the center here. Where you at, honey? Where's she at? Okay. All right. Make way, guys. Step this way. Seth, right here. Put your hand on it. Now, ministers, gather here with me. [Music] Father, in the name of Jesus, Lord, we're calling you on the scene for this urgent case. It's very dire, Lord. But not for you. Only for doctors. Lord, your the mercy that you sent with doctors and medicine can't can't beat that devil back. He's going to take her life if you don't move. Lord, we're asking mercy for this woman with children like that, Lord. And asking for prayer, ready to give you glory. I pray, master, that when this prayer cloth is laid upon her body, that the enemy would run for the heels, Lord. I pray that she'd be made completely whole and give testimony and glory to God in Jesus name. Amen. All right, honey. You You take that. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Now, put your hand on somebody. Take them by the hand. Let's pray over this need for sister Elizabeth. She has a friend in this situation. Don't yet know what it is, but let's just go ahead and send the Holy Spirit to take care of it right now. Father, in the name of the Son of God, the Lord Jesus Christ, we join with our sister Elizabeth. And that's all she's asked for. She said, "Would you join with me and agree with me in prayer that God will make this as nothing? We speak it. We call it as so. We ask it of thee in the name of Jesus Christ." Lord, that name above all names, that name upon which the whole kingdom is built. Lord, that name of Jesus Christ, we ask this of thee, this special grace and favor in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. I don't Let's see. I don't have a Oh, over here. Sister hope step to get this. Uh, doesn't look like anything came on, guys, but I don't know. That did it. Pass that straight back. She's go back. You want me to finish that testimony? Finish it. You can add drama to it. Okay. Well, my sister Anna, you know, uh, she called me today before she even posted anything on the family chat. She said, "Hope right now. You've got to pray right now and text Brother Jason. he's got to pray right now and then have him put in a prayer request at church. Of course, she told the story about Lillian. And this um professor is known to be like a monster. I just relishes in tripping up the students and um finding ways to fail them. At least that's the way it seems to the students. and her tests are infamous for um having tons of material that uh it was not studied for. And so Lillian called her mother and said, "Mom, you've you've got to do something. You've got to reach out because uh God's got to come on the scene and he's got to because I I already took the test. There's absolutely no way I passed it." and hearing her talk after the fact on the phone to her mom, she said, "Mom, it was like I've it was like I've studied 12 hours a day for weeks and it was like I didn't study at all." And so she said, "Um, you've got to reach out. You've got God's got to intercede because there's no other way." And um before you know it, I mean, she had our whole family praying too. Before you know it, we got word she passed with, I think, an 81. Oh my. When 25 other students failed. Yeah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And she would have uh had to take a whole year over. Yeah. If she would have failed it, she would have had to take a whole another year. Woo. Wow. Praise the Lord. Anybody else got a testimony? Oh, you, John? Okay. All right. There you go. Hold on, Matt. Um, I wanted to give this last Wednesday, but we had gotten sick, so we didn't make it. Uh, to make a really, really long story as short as I can. Um, years ago, there was a terrible trauma that happened in our family. And, um, I suffered under a spirit of fear and torment for months, months. and uh at the time and uh the Lord helped me with it and well whenever we had Hazel with that trauma and the the stress and all that all of that it was trying to come back and I had talked to brother Jason about it and he told me you know do this and that and I was doing pretty good and here lately I was thinking you know I don't want to have to deal with that again I was just kind of in the back of my mind Well, you know, the Lord works in ways we don't even we weren't expecting. Brother Andrew came here the other weekend and um it wasn't on my heart that I need to get that taken care of. I need to get that fear that that fear of that. I won't elaborate too much, but it was just the fear you're going to lose it. You're going to, you know, you're going to be an insane institution. That's what it pretty much what it was. And um I wasn't on my heart, but I didn't realize that God was on the job. And I found out the next day that God set a trap. I believe in my heart that's what he did. And at that Saturday service, you know, Brother Andrew was preaching right on that lines, the fear and all that. And I'm sitting in there in there in the back and I'm like, "Oh man, oh that there's that there's that there." It's trying to, you know, raise his head again. Got up to the platform and I'm up here like, "What am I going to do?" I was like, "I'm going up." I like you, I ain't dealing with this. This is nonsense. Like God's call come to deliver. I wasn't expecting it, but then I'm going to whatever the Lord wants, let's do it. and I stepped up, told brother Andrew, I need get rid of this and uh he prayed and of course I didn't feel any different but I was like Lord I'm going to trust you and believe you. We on the way home I told Meredith I was like I didn't feel a thing. Nothing felt like it changed. I come back up to the platform still under that. I was like but I'm delivered and that's my testimony. I don't care what I'm I'm I believe. Yeah. Well, the next day, Sunday, and you ever had one of those services, it just seems like everything is just pecks here and there and you're distracted and your daughter screams. And we got in the car to go home. I told Meredith, "Man, you ever have one of those services? You seem like you don't get anything. You better off have to stay home." you know, we got home and another thing that I'd been struggling with is here and there that under a oppression of bad attitude and grumpy, mad, say things that I'm ashamed of. Uh, and I despise personally, despise strongly and yet get under that. Well, we get home and I'm grumbling. I'm like, man, I didn't was just just bad day. And I I was thinking I was like, man, I hope somebody got something today cuz and I was talking out loud. I was like, cuz I sure didn't get anything. And I corrected myself. I thought, no. I said, "No, actually, I did. I don't feel like I did, but I got I got what I needed." And sure enough, the next morning, and I kind of felt bad. I was like, I don't want to speak anything negative like, oh, I didn't get what I I just claimed I did. Well, the next morning, oh my goodness, I got up and another thing I've been struggling with was pain in my shoulders and discomfort and just headaches. I woke up and that pain, I slept wrong. I don't know what happened. Oh no, that just that fear, that depression, it just was hanging over me. That's probably the worst one of the worst I've ever had. And I was I left the house. I told Meredith to pray for me. I was going to Braze Island and it was like I should hurry up, turn around and head back to town and get somebody to pray for me or something. It was just terrible. And I WhatsApp brother Jason. I And I'm thankful that he was right there to answer. And I even called and he answered right away. and he just given me helped me and positive and helped me to get leveled out and got my I got to my job. I'm sorry this is really long. I got to my job and uh I just pushing through it. Okay, whatever. However, I feel I'm pushing through this. This I don't believe this. I'm not try settling for this. I'm healed. I'm I'm delivered. And I went to my first job. It was, you know, was a little bit better, just trembly and just fury. And got to my second one. And the Lord kind of, I believe the Lord kind of started talking to me. It's like, you know, that that that anger thing. It kind of it kind of got tripped up in that fear thing, didn't it? and that and that and that problem in my shoulders. It kind of tripped up and all it's all working together, wasn't it? I thought, "Oh my, God set a trap and I didn't know it." And I believe that God used that and I'm claiming now, devil, you're stupid. And God, thank God, I'm claiming deliverance from all three of them things. And I told Brother Jason, and I don't know, find out. We'll find out what else got in there because I'm free of all of it. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Um so, uh for those of the brothers who were at the Thursday night prayer meeting, um y'all remember I had asked for prayer for sister Emily's family because her brother had passed away on Thursday. And um specifically would ask that um the Lord would use the situation to really move on the family because a lot of them weren't serving the Lord or anything. It would be an opportunity and um his son gave his heart to the Lord at the funeral on Sunday. Wow. and um as of this morning um he felt convicted um with his situation and um was just really cleaning a lot of stuff up and you know it was just it's a real miracle and I just wanted to testify that uh if anyone was still of any doubt Thursday night prayer meeting works really well. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Right. Right behind you Martha. Martha hand it to Martha. There you go. Um, a while back y'all prayed for Uriah. Um, he had a a test he had to take and he needed a certain score in order to qualify for some scholarships and he was convinced. He'd already taken the test twice. Um, this was his last opportunity to take it and pass. And um, he was convinced that there's no way like he can't study anymore and blah blah blah. Anyway, so we prayed and when we got the the score, he was he missed it by 10 points, but the way that they score it is they take all of your highest scores from your previous test and they combine it. And so he had 10 extra points on another test. So he got the exact number that he needed. Um and you know those things are that scholarship or that test score was will allow him to get the highest scholarship that he can get through the federal um loan or federal scholarships. But um it also qualifies him for all these other scholarships that um it opens up a lot of doors. But you know in the grand scheme of things those are really small things. Um but I just I'm praying that God will use it for his um for a testimony to him. Yeah. And um it's hard because he's moving away probably and all of these things. So it's scary and you know I just want God to really move in his life. And um he's if y'all keep him in prayer, he's got one more um scholarship that he is trying to get. They're going to have to make they're fighting for him. they want him to get it, but it's it's one of those things where they have to make an exception. Um, because of where it's a county based scholarship. Um, but because he lives in the right county, but he goes to school in a different county, it's one of those things where it's, you know, a gray area. Um, but just pray that, you know, if it's God's will, he'll get that one as well. So, we're supposed to know something in a few days. give you the last word, brother Bradley. All right. 10 seconds. I read the act scriptures that you preached on James 1 to the finish. And I looked over my wife and I said, "That's the scripture I read this morning. Praise the Lord." What is it? Oh, you had a testimony. Uh oh my goodness. Yeah, that's right. I'm the one who told you to give it. Yeah. Amen. So, uh, it was what, three weeks ago. I gave the first half of the testimony as I'd sold my vehicle. And three weeks and I was, man, I was about to go look at a Nissan. That's how that's how desperate I was getting. And uh, so I saw this uh, my wife actually sent me this um, Expedition up in Myrtle Beach. And I was like, man, I don't want to drive four and a half hours, but it's everything I want. like literally everything I would have done to it to make it what I would want it was already done and the price was pretty close to what um how much money I had to pay for it. So I figured I could probably talk him down and so I made the I contacted him. He didn't get back to me until like the next day and he's like well I can't meet till like 4 on Saturday. I was like well I can't do that. I'll be like midnight at that at that rate. So I was like well so I asked him a couple other questions tried this up another time. Didn't answer. Didn't answer. So, I was like, I don't know what to do. So, I waited. And then Monday, I was like, "Well, I'm just going to message him again and see if he'll get back with me." I messaged him Monday night. I was like, "Hey, you got time this week sometime I can come up and check this out." And he's like, "Yeah, I'm off tomorrow. Come up anytime." So, uh, my brother and I drove up, um, Tuesday and ended up buying it, um, for $200 more than what I sold my old one for that had was it had a whole lot more miles on it and was just a base model. And now I got one that's like fully trimmed out with all kinds of extras for for 200 bucks more. Yeah. So, which according to the state of Georgia is worth 10 grand and I did not pay that, but they made me pay taxes on 10 grand. That's Georgia for you. Turn around and shake hands with somebody. Say, "God bless you, friend." Brothers, we'll see you tomorrow night at the uh men's prayer meeting. You can be dismissed in Jesus name. God bless you. [Music] Your grace still amazees me. Your love is a mystery [Music] each day. I fall on my knees. Your grace still amazes me. Your grace still amazes me. Your love [Music] is a mystery. [Music] Each day I fall on my knees. [Music] Your grace still made me. Your grace [Music] still amazes me. Your love still amazing each day. I fall on my knees. Your way still [Music] father [Music] endureing [Music] praise. Yours in our mercies like a river [Music] with no way. It overwhelms me, [Music] covers my s. Each time I come into your presence, I stand in one once again. See the amazing [Music] [Applause] [Music] I [Music] You're [Music] still amazing. Your love is still amazing. [Music] on my knees. Your graious [Music] s. [Music] You make me home. You are the author and healer of my soul. What can I give you? [Applause] What can I say? I know that the way to repay you only to offer up my grave.
