################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-01-22 - 230122 - Jason Watkins The Time Of The Unsealing - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-01-22
Title:   230122 - Jason Watkins: The Time Of The Unsealing
Speaker: Jason Watkins
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=regEg5dUV5I
========================================

These people may not learn and be nor boast of worldly fame. They have all received their Pentecost. Baptize Jesus name. Telling now both far and wide. Power is yet the same. But I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Let's clap it now together. Come on. [Music] [Music] One of them they were gathered. They were gathered in the upper room praying in his name. They were baptized with the Holy Ghost. powerful service came. What he did for them that day, he'll do for you the same. Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. [Music] One of them. Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. I'm one of them. One of them. Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Come, my brother. Come my brother. Seek this blessing apart from sin that will start the joy bells ringing. Keep that soul a flame. Hallelujah. Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Let's clap it again now. Come on everybody. [Music] Don't you love worshiping him? Amen. You know, you can even lift your feet if you want to. It's real easy. All you do is you lift one and you lift the other one. Just like that. Thank you Lord. Hallelujah. [Music] I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Ready? You can be seated. We're going to do this as a congregational singing with us. Come on. I need somebody with a a voice that can really sing to help me here. So, here we go. You want a closer walk with him? Amen. Precious Lord, take my hand. Lead me home. Let me stand. I am tired. I am weak. I am warm [Music] through the storm and through the life. Lead me on through the night. Take my hand, precious Lord, and lead me on. [Music] When my way grows dear, precious Lord, please linger near when my life is almost gone. Hear my cry. Hear my call. Hold my hand lest I fall. Take my hand, precious Lord, and lead me home. Well, just a closer walk with thee. Granted, Jesus is my Everybody stand and sing this with us now. Come on. Daily walking close to thee. Well, let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. Is that the desire of your heart? Well, I am weak, but thou art strong. Oh Jesus, keep me from all wrong. Will I be sisfied and long for as I walk? Let me walk close to thee. And when my feeble life is old, time for me will be no more. [Music] But guide me gently, safely, oh to thy sh to come show. All right, let me hear now the congregation. A closer walk with thee. Is that the desire of your heart? Amen. If it's not, he can grant it to you if you want a closer walk. Amen. [Applause] [Music] Oh, that sounds good. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. All right, one more time. Let me hear all your voices now. Just a closer walk with thee. [Music] Granted, Jesus is my ble. Oh, thank you, Lord. Daily walking close to thee. Let it be, dear Lord. Let it be. Amen. You can come on up, sis. We have some specials for you. You can be seated. We got two specials. But Luther, why don't you come on up after the specials and we'll pray over the tithes and the offering. Oh my god. Steve. Hey. [Music] was lying there. People all were weeping. They just left a Jesus when he said she's only sleeping. As he took her by the hand, she began to live again. Some began to praise the Lord. Some began to say, [Music] "He's in the house. Death has to flee. Now there is life where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. I was like that little girl dead and all my sin. Till Jesus touched this heart of mine and gave me life again. I am just a house of clay. Ever since that blessed day, there's a light that shines in me so all the world can see. He's in the house. Death has to flee. And now there is light. Where darkness used to be, now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. And death has to flee. Now there is light where darkness used to be. Now there is hope. There's no more doubt. Praise his name. Praise his name. He's in the house. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Lily, she's singing. Amen. Want to welcome all visitors. Pray that God would just bless you and let you know that he loves you and he'll keep you. So, uh, if you have a request upon your heart, I' I'd like to continue to remember my son. He's still doing great. He's just going to be greater and greater. Amen. Remember your loved ones, your children, your loved ones you want to see saved. Don't doubt. Just hold that token there. Amen. Amen. Let's pray. Father, I love you this morning. I thank you for your presence. Lord, we just pray that you would bless the tithes and offerings. And Lord, we offer up from our hearts burdens for our loved ones, our children, our parents, our brothers, and our sisters. Father, as we sang that song, we see how it is getting so dark, people groping in gross darkness. Father, we thank you for the light that you brought to us, Father, as our brother brought in the Sunday school. Father, the glory of pursuing the joy, the holiness, your will, your righteousness. Father, manifest yourself through us this day. Father, bless the tithes and offerings. Bless the cheerful giver. Bless those streaming. We thank you for your grace and mercy in Jesus' name. Amen. [Music] As I kneel in the darkness in the middle of the night, I'm praying for assurance. Everything's going to be all right. Lord, I see another battle. It's out in front of me and I'm afraid I won't be able and I'll go down in defeat. And he said, "Do you remember where I brought you from? Just take a look behind you and see how far you've come." And when every time you asked me, "Didn't I deliver you?" So why would you be thinking that I wouldn't see you through? Didn't I walk on the water and I calm the raging seas? I spoke to the wind and it hushed and I gave you peace. Didn't I run to your rescue? Didn't I hear you when you called? I've walked right beside you just so you wouldn't fall. Didn't I leave all of heaven just to die for your sin? I searched until I found you. Can I do it all again? Now she's talking to her father in a house that was once a home. She said, "My bills are coming due, Lord. And six days is not that long." She hears a voice so soft and low. It says, "I've moved like that before. And I'll do this little thing, child. And I'll give you so much more. Didn't I walk on the water? And I calm the raging seas. I spoke to the wind and it hushed and I gave you peace. Didn't I run to your rescue? Didn't I hear you when you called? I walked right beside you just so you wouldn't fall. Didn't I leave all of heaven just to die for your sin? I searched until I found you. And I do it all again. Didn't I walk on the water? And I calm the raging seas. I spoke to the wind and it hushed and I gave you peace. Didn't I run to your rescue? Didn't I hear you when you called? I walked right beside you just so you wouldn't fall. Didn't I leave all of heaven just to die for your sin? I searched until I found you. And I do it all again. [Applause] You said somebody else had a special, right? Who was that? Johnson's. Come on up. I think we can fit it in. Come on up. Somebody want this? All story um brother wrote he was going to give a short testimony about his one year spiritual birth and so we are just happy to sing this song with him as we love him as our dear brother in Christ I came to this church I I came here on a whim just hour and 30 minutes away from me and I I was seeking something searching for something and I couldn't find in Savannah. That's where I'm from. And I reached out to some people and they recommended this church and I've loved it ever since. Brother Luther's wife was the first person I met and she immediately took me to Brother Luther told me to sit down and Amen. Song service was incredible that day. It always is. I I love it here, y'all. I love it here. Thank you. If we never again [Music] [Applause] [Music] for a meeting there's going to be a singer. [Music] day. I'll see you in the rapture. See you in the rapture. I'll see you in the air. Savior will live and rever. I see in the Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] So everything I see in the rapture [Music] I'll see you in the rapture. I'll see you in the rapture. I see everything [Music] forever. I see and shing. [Music] [Music] is going to be. I'll see you in the rapture. [Music] I'll see you in the rapture. I'll see you in the [Music] [Applause] air. [Music] The Savior will live and revert. [Music] I'll see you in [Applause] I see you. you save your live forever. I see you in the rap day. [Music] [Applause] Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. [Music] Are you ready for the word? Amen. [Music] Draw me close to you [Music] and never let me go. Lay it all down again. to hear you say that I'm your friend. Is this your desire? And you are my desire and know thank you Lord and no one else will do. Stand with me now and sing this with all your heart cuz nothing else could take your place. [Music] to feel the warmth of your embrace and help me find the way. Bring me back to you. Sing it with all your heart. Thank you, Lord. And you're all I want. And you're all I ever needed. You're all I want. Help me know that you are here. Sing it again. You're all I want. Thank you, Lord, and you're all I want. [Music] You're all I ever needed. [Music] I want help me know. Help me know you are Yes, Lord. Amen. Give the Lord a hand this morning. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. God bless you. Greet you in the name of the Lord. Happy to have you all here on a beautiful day. Amen. Always reminding people the sun is still up there. Don't forget. Amen. But uh we're going to believe for the the reign of the Holy Spirit. Amen. As much as we have the rain outdoors, it's kind of a catch thing for us because we have visitors and we're happy to have them here today. But um so in one sense to our visitors, it's kind of we say, "Man, we got visitors and it's raining." That's almost never true here. Especially on sun Sundays, it's always sunny. But then the good part is we have someone to blame it on. Amen. So I apologize to our visiting families, but you definitely will get blamed. Amen. Doesn't mean we don't want you to come back. We do. Amen. Praise the Lord. I enjoyed all of that wonderful singing today in that worship. Such a wonderful spirit. As soon as Brother Brad started up with that opening song, I had my speaker on in the back and wow, I just had to push back from my notes and raise up my hands. Oh my. And just begin to give glory to God as I felt his sweet spirit dipping down into the office. We're going to invite you to the fifth book in the Old Testament to the book of Deuteronomy. Amen. This fifth book is uh referred to as the five books, the Penetuk and written by Moses. Interestingly enough, uh there's a number of scholars who who really claim that it's more goes along with Joshua and on into the pilgrimage and the conquest of Canaan. Uh but traditionally it's it's connected all the way back to Genesis. And I I think the reason for that is is because it's such a transitional book because it's that's the time where God has literally brought to pass uh what he promised Abraham how that he would have a family and that you would see a nation coming out of a nation. It was like a bride is called out of a church. And uh and then they had a prophet on the scene. They had a pillar of fire. But then the prophet left the scene, but Joshua carried over. And that all takes place. That's all described in what we're going to read here. Amen. And so I'm looking forward to uh today's lesson. It's uh for me it'll be the opportunity to start a new series and I always look forward to that. So I want to begin today to take a thought. The time of the unsealing. The time of the unsealing. Amen. Let's read from Deuteronomy chapter 31. And Moses went and spake these words unto all Israel. This is God had visited him uh in chapter 30. And now Moses is bringing this message to the church. And Moses went and spake these words unto all Israel. And he said unto them, I am 120 years old this day. I can no more go out and come in. Also the Lord hath said unto me, Thou shalt not go over this Jordan. The Lord thy God, he will go before thee, and he will destroy these nations from before thee, and thou shalt possess them, and Joshua he shall go over before thee, as the Lord hath said. And the Lord shall do unto them, as he did unto Zion, and to all kings of the Amorites, and unto the land of them whom he destroyed. And the Lord shall give them up before your face, and ye may do unto them according unto all the commandments which I have commanded you. Be strong, and of a good courage. Fear not, nor be afraid of them. For the Lord thy God, he it is that doth go with thee, he will not fail thee, nor forsake thee. And Moses called unto Joshua, and said unto him, in the sight of all Israel, Be strong, and of a good courage, for thou must go with this people unto the land which the Lord hath sworn unto their fathers to give them, and thou shalt cause them to inherit it. And the Lord, he it is that doth go before thee, he will be with thee. He will not fail thee, neither forsake thee. Fear not, neither be dismayed. Now, if he keeps saying, "Fear not, and be not dismayed," it it's pretty clear that there's going to be some things to try to make him afraid, and there's going to be things that happen that could make him be dismayed. Like, wow, I thought God said this, but I see this. Yeah. Amen. Now, this is so relevant to the day and hour that we live in because you're living right here. Amen. Now, watch. Let's let's keep going. Verse nine. And Moses wrote this law and delivered it unto the priests, the sons of Levi, which bear the ark of the covenant of the Lord, and unto all the elders of Israel. And Moses commanded them, saying, "At the end of every seven years," this is an important verse, "nomnity of the year of release in the feast of tabernacles." Now, that is, boy, there's so much in that 10th verse. The the feast of tabernacles is the very time that Nehemiah was sent back, amen, to establish the wall. And Zerubabel had went with Joshua the high priest, then followed that by Ezra. It was all about Israel being restored as a nation after 7 years of captivity. And Nehemiah goes right back at the time of the feast of tabernacles. Now, friends, now you're coming up on rapture. Now, you're coming up on body change. Now, you're coming up on a millennium. Amen. All right. So, watch. Don't don't miss how this is all coming together. We won't get to it all today. So, don't worry. We're not going to blow too many fuses. All right. Verse 10. Uh verse 11. When all Israel is come to appear before the Lord thy God in the place which he shall choose, thou shalt read this law before all Israel in their hearing. And you're going to find that happening in the book of Nehemiah, the 8th chapter. Gather the people together. It happened before that, but I'm talking about after the after the restoration. Gather the people together, men and women and children, and thy stranger that is within thy gates, that they may hear, and that they may learn, and fear the Lord your God, and observe to do all the words of this law, and that their children which have not known anything, may hear, and learn to fear the Lord your God, as long as you live in the land whether you go over Jordan to possess it." Verse 14. And the Lord said unto Moses, "Behold, thy days approach that thou must die." Now, this is very important. Watch this detail. Call Joshua and present yourselves in the tabernacle of the congregation that I may give him a charge. And Moses and Joshua went and presented themselves in the tabernacle of the congregation. And the Lord appeared. Look who showed up. And the Lord appeared in the tabernacle in a pillar of a cloud. And the pillar of the cloud stood over the door of the tabernacle. My my my. And the Lord said unto Moses, "Behold, thou shalt sleep with thy fathers, and this people will rise up, and go a whoring after the gods of strangers of the land, whether they go to be among them, and will forsake me, and break my covenant, which I have made with them." Then my anger shall be kindled against them in that day and I will forsake them. We Israel was literally eventually carried away into captivity and I will hide my face from them and they shall be devoured and many evils and troubles shall befall them so that they will say in that day are not these evils come upon us because our God is not among us and I will surely hide my face in that day for all the evils which they have wrought in that they turned unto other gods. Now therefore write ye this song for you and teach it to the children of Israel. Put it in their mouths that they that this song may be a witness for me against the children of Israel. For when I shall have brought them into the land which I swear unto their fathers that flowth with milk and honey, and they shall have eaten and filled themselves in wax and fat, then will they turn unto other gods and serve them and provoke me and break my covenant. And it shall come to pass when many evils and troubles are befallen them, that this song shall testify against them as a witness. For it it shall not be forgotten out of the mouths of their seed. For I know their imagination which they go about even now before I have brought them into the land which I swear. Moses therefore wrote this song the same day and taught it the children of Israel. Can you imagine me coming out here this morning to say, "I'm going to teach you all a new song." And the song goes something like this. You're all a bunch of sinners and you're going to reject God and he's going to wipe you out. Everybody ready? All together now. Verse 23. And he gave Joshua the son of Nun a charge and said, "Be strong and of a good courage, for thou shalt bring the children of Israel into the land which I swear unto them, and I will be with thee." And it came to pass when Moses had made an end of writing the words of this law in a book until they were finished, that Moses commanded the Levites, which bear the ark of the covenant of the Lord, saying, Take this book of the law, and put it in the sight of the ark of the covenant of the Lord your God, that it may be therefore witness against thee. For I know thy rebellion and thy stiff neck. Behold, I while I am yet alive with you this day, ye have been rebellious against the Lord, and how much more after my death, gather me, gather unto me all the elders of your tribes, and your officers, that I may speak these words in their ears, and call heaven and earth to record against them. For I know that after my death, you will utterly corrupt yourselves, and turn aside from the way which I have commanded you, and evil will befall you in the latter days, because you will do evil in the sight of the Lord to provoke him to anger through the work of your hands. And Moses spake in the ears of all the congregation of Israel the words of this song until they were ended. Wow, what a reading. Let's pray. Father, we commit ourselves into your hands now completely. I pray Lord that you take the speaker and the hearer. Lord, let there be an anointing for your word that we may hear and receive and understand. Lord, we we read these ominous verses as Paul taught us as for our examples so that we don't follow this so that we don't have these words be true about us. They're written for our admonition so that we know how to avoid, Lord, being displeasing to you. And we know how to be pleasing to you. So that all the promises of God may come to pass to us as you have spoken for this hour and this bride in this day, at this moment, in this junction of time. Lord, I pray that you will be our helper today. We commit it to you. I know I have the mind of Christ today. I know I do. I can feel the anointing trying to surge forward. Help me now, Lord. I commit it to you in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. There's so much here and I I don't want to I am going to take some time and lay this foundation. Um but I I just want to kind of make some opening comments. All right. So as we said that this book of Deuteronomy is a transition book and you know it it it begins to um kind of summarize everything to prove that God's word has been true. I love that God does that. You know he had made a lot of promises in the book of Genesis. He had laid a lot of types and a lot of allegorories and a lot of shadow in the book of Genesis. And that's why we find that there's nothing uh in the gospel that can't be taken back to the book of Genesis. In fact, I would say that if you can't figure out how to connect that, then your understanding of the gospel is going to be hindered because it is in it is in there from the very first from the very first chapter how that God would come along and talk about redemption even before there was anybody who even understood there would be a fall. And we find that you can go to the very first chapter and if you go I think to verse 27 and 28 just off the top of my head you'll find where God is saying to them you know be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth and brother Brandham goes into in the spoken word is original seed series I believe that's where it's at if memory serves and he starts talking about how that you know that as soon as as soon as God you know starts talking about you multiply and replenish the earth. Brother Brandham said, "Of course, there's no way to multiply unless there's death." Right? So, the seed has to die and then it multiplies. So, you can see reading between the lines, connecting the dots, that in Genesis 1:27 and 28, before the fall, Yeah. Before Adam even understands a redeemer or a healer or a savior or protector, before any of that is even uh unfolded, God is already laying inside the scripture redemption. Amen. That there's no way that there's ever going to be a replenishing. There's not going to be a redemption. There's not going to be a replenishing unless there's a multiplying. And there's not going to be a multiplying unless something dies. So when when we begin to look that all of these various promises and we could spend our whole morning just in Genesis and the allegorical types and shadows showing what we have today. You see all of the seven seals there including now we see the seventh seal. We didn't before. We never could see it. We couldn't see any of them. Uh but uh but once they became open then we could tie it back because remember everything has to dovetail from Genesis to Revelation or you'll have your cow your picture will be a cow standing in the top of a tree eating grass. I like to improve it says drinking a Coca-Cola. So your picture will be all goofed up if you don't have it all doveetailed all together. We have uh uh brother Lee Frasier here with us. Brother Jack, we're going to baptize him today. Brother Jack's been playing evangelist out on the field like like in Pilgrim's Progress. My just when Pilgrim needed him, here come evangelist. Oh my. And so uh began to witness to him and like Aquilla and Priscilla took him took him and opened the word and began to expound to him like they did to Apollos. Begin to expound him more perfectly. And so the brother has already begun to see the the the fundamentals of the early church that they were all baptized in the name of the Lord. No one was ever baptized in those titles. So he's here today to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And he said to me in the office back there, he said, "Today is day one." He said, "Now I want to know more and I want to go forward. I want to know more." Oh, brother, there's a lot more to understand. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. and how that you know he he had a background uh in the Christian church and you know great great family members and sincere ministers not their fault it's just that this was the time and this was the season and God revealed himself and so we realize that that's how God has done it all down through the ages friends there's not one of us can get in on our own merits if it's not for the mercy of God revealing himself to us not just somewhere back in the where he finally revealed himself to me. No, every day, every day as I go forward, I need a fresh revelation. I need a fresh unfolding because I got to know how to live in this day in order to take a body change. And it's going to require, we speak a lot about the third pull. And there's a lot that'll seem, uh, strange to you today, uh, brother Lee. So, just bear bear with us. You don't have to learn it all in one day. But but we find that you know there there's great promises to us under the third pull and under the spoken word. And I have just, you know, had my whole mind almost open to a whole new level of of um understanding is the wrong word of of where you know how something you can you can look at for a long time and and you understand it and you know it, but then you read it or you hear it and something occurs to you within it. You go, "Wow, I that never occurred to me before." Amen. And so that that's just been amazing to me as we started Wednesday night and I I it was such a blessing to me taking that that experience that brother Brandham had there, you know, with the with the bear and the caribou. And I hope hope that was a blessing to you. I believe it was. And and just begin to correlate that to say here's how it can affect our lives. and and I I found myself of no intention, but I found myself where where brother Brandham is back in in another experience and he's in the woods with squirrels and and and it it it it caught me in a way that I had never occurred to me before. You know, that when he began to speak those things, sometimes he would speak it and there it was and it was easy. And then he goes on in the story and by the time he gets to the second squirrel, there's already a confusion. And he shoots one. He goes, "There's my there's my third one." And he goes along and that ends up that's the second one. And then that must have been a fourth one. When where's the third one? And and he's he's in the woods and it's getting dark and he doesn't even understand. And he he's trying to reason it out in his mind. Oh, well, it must have been that uh I got three cuz that's what I said. And then he told me to call it and then I did. I was going to go home. He told me to go back. You said you needed three. Okay. Well, two's enough. No, you said three. You've already said it. You've already spoken creative words. That can't be reversed. God already spoke a creative word about you and that can't be reversed. Hallelujah. You should thank God for that. He's already seen me. He's already identified me. I'm already in a book and that can't be reversed. Not by the devil, not by your neighbor, not by me, not by you. Amen. There's a section there in that lamb's book of life of names that can under no circumstances be deleted. And so we, you know, he he's just in this terrible quandry. And I don't want to get ahead of myself. I may come back to that before I run out of time today. And I won't uh weary you. Don't worry because I already know we can't get it all. But when we when we come to this book of Deuteronomy, this transitional book, this is the time where, you know, so much is going to happen and they're going to summarize and Moses is going to go back and remind them of what happened in Exodus. And the Exodus was because of Genesis. Because it was in Genesis God said to Abraham, "Your seed will sojourn in a land for four generations, 400 years." And you know, anybody who's going to, you know, uh, fall apart over things we don't understand and things that might look like in the human mind that, you know, I mean, if I look at what what Moses writes that they're going to be there for 400 years and then Abraham is a witness to that and then according to Moses, it came from God. Amen. To Abraham and and Moses caught it by vision and wrote it down. And then hundreds of years later, Paul records that, well, it actually took 430 years. So now, is Paul wrong? Is Moses wrong? Was Abraham wrong? Or was God wrong? Human reasoning would say, "Nah, somebody's we got a false prophet in here somewhere." Or God doesn't keep his word exactly like he said. And none of that's true. Right? God always keeps his word exactly like he promised, but it might not come exactly like you expected or understand it to come. See, and so this this is what's happening in Deuteronomy. I mean, Moses, his whole life is to lead the children of Israel to the promised land. And now he don't even get to go in. Amen. The whole premise, the whole foundation of coming out of Egypt was so he could take him into the promised land. But events happened that God knew about. Was all perfect. God already knew it wasn't going to be Moses. God already knew it was going to be Joshua. See? And so, you know, we thought a prophet would take us into the rapture. From this day, he didn't. But we found out that it was Joshua. But then we found out that contrary to kingdom builders who wanted to claim that moniker, it was never going to be another man. It was going to be the Holy Ghost. Amen. Amen. It is it is preposterous for any other man to rise up and say he has the Joshua commission when that's the very thing that came to William Brandom. He said, "Open your Bible." And when he opened his Bible, it falls to Joshua 1. And he that went for years because that commission was doubled down into that one ministry. Here you had Moses and Joshua just like you had John and you had Jesus. But but we see that the end time under the prophecy of the son of man and brother Brandham talks about this on tape how that now it come down it's not in two different people it's in one body it's in one messenger that because it's got to be reestablished because it was one messenger in the alpha church the apostle Paul and everybody else had to acquies to Paul's teaching even though it was strange and hard to be understood see his revelation was so great that It trumped the personal side byside experiences of the other apostles. Amen. It didn't matter that they hunted with him and fished with him and ate with him and slept alongside him. It didn't matter that they sat and heard him in person. Paul's revelation surpassed all of that. See, and and so Paul's ministry became, we talk about that we have the we're the final voice to the final age. There's a reason for that. That's not poetic license. That's not prophet just thinking something to say nice right that's a that's speaks of a reality of the restored word we are the final voice to the final age because we have the final word to all the ages that Paul established and no other can be established and no other foundation could be laid and and even if even an angel would come and try to change it or even if I would nobody could count could countermand Paul's words see and God certainly couldn't countermand them cuz he gave them and God does not change his mind about his word ever. People imagine God is telling them and giving them permission to do this or do that. Oh well, you know, I can do it because God let me. I'm special person. I'm not denying you're a special person. I'm not denying God might love you, but he never makes an exception for anybody when it comes to his word. Amen. You have to keep it or you perish. I think that the one who created everything probably has that right. It was all created by him and for him. Amen. See, and so, you know, you you had you had them coming to where now Deuteronomy is a summation and it's a transition because now it's going to figure out everything that happened in Genesis and give explanation to it. is going to go through Leviticus and they're they're going to understand the similarities of the priesthood that Christ would be in because Moses and Jesus had such identical ministries. Amen. They were both intercessors. They were both prophets. They were both God to the people. Amen. They were both human men. See, one one was a regular man, one was a God man. You understand? Yeah. And so, so we find out then that that the word of God would come into Moses and the Bible calls him God to the people. But as soon as he would give out his word, then he would go back to being Moses again. They'd have to veil his face when the word came in him. And as soon as he spoke it out of him, the word went out of him, then they could unveil his face. That's not a metaphor. That's real. That's history. See? And so, so we find that's why John is told in the water, you're going to see something unprecedented. Really? What is it? Something that's never happened. Okay, what am I looking for? You're going to see the spirit of God descend upon a man. Lord, we we've seen that for 4,000 years. Yeah, but in this case, it won't leave him. It'll come upon him and remain. Wow. That's new. Exactly. that's going to be the son of God. That's how you'll know. So John was going to see a sign. You know, the the world didn't receive Jesus because he was a sign they had never seen. And it took a prophet to say, "I don't care what you think or what you saw or didn't see. I saw it. I saw the spirit of God descend and come upon him. And I'm declaring unto you, this is the lamb of God. You can believe it or perish." See, and so think about it today, friends. Think about when a prophet would stand before the denominational world who were filled with good people. Yeah. Who were the the the the the generations the p the the the generations like the children and grandchildren and and multiple generations of great movements that started down through the ages. great movements by great men. But the problem was they they had a stopping point. Now, their stopping point was the limits of their revelation. So, they they don't go to hell for that. You understand? You can't disbelieve what you don't know. And since unbelief is the real sin anyway. You you can't be accused of unbelief. You can't disbelieve what you don't know. So, they reached a stopping point. That wasn't the problem because God had all had already promised. Don't worry, I got several stars left in my hand and I'll hurl them down. I'll get I'll hurl them down in my time. Just carry on. Just be humble Christian. Just be a believer. I got this. I got a plan for it. Just keep walking in the light as he is in the light. And the problem was a group rose up who said, "No, we're going to put a period right here." Which meant nothing more can come. And that was the problem. Then it became a man-made system that God never ordained. See? Amen. And so, so that's exactly where we are today. You had a prophet coming and he was just like John in the order of John. He could say he could say those denominational systems. He's not talking about the great people that were in them. He's not talking about the great people that started them. He's talking about the structure. That structure will if you don't get out of it, just like Moses had to have a message come out of Egypt, this day prophet had to have a message come out of denominations. Why? Because that system will lead you to the mark of the beast. And so the message was the midnight hour is here. Behold, the bridegroom cometh. Go ye out to meet him. Come out of her, my people. See, that you be not a partaker of her sin. What was her sin? Unbelief in the in the continuation of the revealed word. So that people who had entrenched themselves uh in in Luther's teaching could not accept the message of Wesley and therefore it's now sin because the word has come and now there's no more excuse. Just like when the gospel came to the Jews. And Paul says, "Listen, there was a time when God winked at your ignorance." Why? Because you couldn't believe what you didn't know. Amen. He winked at your ignorance. But now, now that Christ has come, now that the word's been fulfilled, and not only that, now the Holy Ghost has come. Amen. And now he and and and he there was a time when he winked at your ignorance, but now he requires all men to repent. See, and that's was Peter's message. Because he w Peter wasn't on the day of Pentecost, as you've heard me teach before. Peter was not preaching on the day of Pentecost. He was not out there preaching to hoodils, drunkards, horongers. So when he says, well, he said, "What must we He says repent. He's not talking about get out of the barrooms and quit committing adultery. These were devout Jews. Amen. See, but the pro so so it wasn't about our our our wins and losses column. How how holy and righteous we are. It's that the word has come forward and now if you want to follow receive life, you're going to have to follow the light and you're going to have to repent of your thinking that that that the law of Moses is all you needed. It's not the the the law. Besides that, the law of Moses wasn't si. That was what the people did. That was the choice they made. Brother Brand said it was not God's doing that. They wanted a part in it. God gave them a law to prove to them they couldn't keep it. It ended up destroying them. But the law of Moses was the Lord your God shall raise up a prophet like me, and whoever won't hear him will be will perish. And so now Paul is saying that law of Moses, you claim to follow Moses. He told you a prophet was coming. He's come. He died. He was buried. He rose. He ascended. He sent the spirit back in the church. And now you got to move on with the Holy Ghost. So you have brother Brandham coming. You have Moses coming. who was the prophet who led the people out of denominationalism/Egypt. And then you you find that he's going to go off the scene and Joshua is going to lead him over and there's got to be a commission. And so he says the time Moses has come that you got to leave the scene. You're going to have to die. And God's going to end up burying him in a secret burial. He's no one's invited. And no one no one knew would know the secret would be Moses was that important. He was so special. God wouldn't it was just a personal funeral with God and Moses who took his body and buried it in a place wouldn't even allow angels or the devil or people or anybody to see where he buried him. And when we find Jesus on Mount Transfiguration, Brother Ram shows somewhere between his death in Deuteronomy and Mount Transfiguration, he got raised from the dead because because the three disciples, Peter, James, and John saw him alive on the Mount Transfiguration. See? And so, so, so we realize and he they didn't see an old man. No, no, no, no, no. Brother Brandham makes that very clear. It's not an old man they saw. Oh, we saw pictures and carvings of Moses that we know that's him. But when they got into that anointing, Brother Brandham said their eyes were opened. Just like on the road to Emmas, they didn't know who Jesus was until their eyes were open. I'm here to tell you, you can't get you don't get to blow a trumpet and pat yourself on the back because you see the word in this hour. Your eyes have been open. Amen. We You owe everything to the Lord. You owe everything to the Holy Ghost. Amen. The time that you must depart, call for Joshua. And notice the symbology. They So now Moses and Joshua present themselves together in the tabernacle congregation before the people. And then guess who shows up? A pillar of fire. See? So now you've got two separate people and a pillar of fire. But now coming in the day that you and I live in, it's housed in one prophet. And you find that who shows up every service? A pillar of fire. Where did he show up? At the tabernacle of congregation. Where above the door. Who was the door? In the tabernacle, Christ. Hallelujah. So, just like John could say, you might not see the pillar of fire, but I've seen it. And I'm a vindicated prophet, and I'm here to tell you this is the Christ. And a prophet in our day who everybody didn't see the pillar fire, but he would say, "He's here." What are you declaring? Your denominations are a death trap. Well, where's the where's Christ? Right here. And that same prophet said, "I see the pillar of fire to do what?" To confirm the location of Christ in the word. Amen. So that now he can come inside of a bride. Yeah. Amen. You with me? Yeah. Okay. If I see you blinking, I'm going to know I'm going too fast. So, I'm just trying to encapsulate everything and we're going to go just a little bit further. You still good? I want to get my foundation and my theme very much today. So we find then that of course it goes on. I mean the pillar of fire showed up there in in chapter 31 where where we read and uh he comes down on into into chapter 32 and you know verse 7 follow with me brother Mark chapter 32 of Deuteronomy verse 7. Remember the days of old. Consider the years of many generations. Ask thy father and he will show thee thy elders and they will tell thee. When the most high divided the nations uh to the nations their inheritance when he separated the sons of Adam and set bounds of the people according to the number of the children of Israel. So God's been working by election. That's not a new concept. Goes on down verse 11. Now catch it. Look at verse look at verse 11. As an eagle stirth up her nest, flutterth over her young, spreadth abroad her wings, taketh them, beareth them on her wings. So the Lord did lead them and and there was no strange God with him. Now this is the very one of the very first and one of the I know it was very early in brother Brandon's ministry, but one of the most poignant sermons he would ever preach, as the eagle stirth her nest. Th this is the very sermon that has caused so many of God's eagles to realize I'm confined in a barnyard. And and I there's something in my nature that says this man-made system ain't ain't for me. You couldn't do that to yourself. God doesn't that you heard an eagle scream as the eagle stirth her that flatterth over her young. And you heard a scream and what what was your immediate desire to fly higher? to soar into the heavenlies. Oh, don't let the world take you away. You you young people, don't let the world entice you away because that's all nothing but destruction. You're you're walking around in bondage. Say, "Oh, I want to be free." That's not freedom. That's death. The only freedom is in the heavenlies. So, you commit your lives to him now while you're young, and you'll soar into the heavenlies. Yeah. Verse 15. But Joshua and waxed fat. It's another word for Jerusalem. Kicked. Thou art waxing fat. Thou art grown thick. Thou art covered with fatness. Then he forsook God which made him and lightly esteemed the rock of his salvation. Now, I I want to connect a dot, just one, that I'm not going to get to today, but I want to put it in your mind because when Brother Brandham is telling about the squirrels, now this is unique because this is this is not just saying, "I saw an animal that I shot at a distance with one bullet and this is what happened and there's a checkered shirt on a young guy." See, that's just seeing the future. But now this is creating the future where he says because brother Benam has it on his mind. If you say to this mountain, you understand now where the word is trying to take us to. See, it's trying to bring a union. I'm going to I'm going to read a statement. If I if I if I don't run out of time, I may I may not. We'll see. But but we find that that when he comes to the end of this wow is it ever a convoluted story. I mean brother Brandham is just he it's if you go to the tape and hear it as I was with Moses and he's telling this story you're you're just going to almost have a you're talking about anxiety. I'm listening to it and I'm got anxiety and I already know the outcome. And I'm like oh my goodness. And then he starts again with something else. And then it must be this. And no, it's not. But maybe it's this. No, it's not that either. Well, what is it then? It's over here. Oh, I didn't see it. Well, that's because this had to go with this to go with that. Oh, now I get it. No, you don't because there's still another part. You still don't get it all. And a prophet literally had to go and go and go and go and it it began to listen friends, you we talk about a third pull. We talk about how he right. And there he was said, "Ask anything." You know, when I read the story that he tells leading up to that and he ties it back to Genesis where Abraham needed a ram, needed a sacrifice, said that's the only place I can think to tie it to is where Abraham needed something he couldn't produce himself. But God by his spoken word all but what was Abraham what was Abraham's duty? Obey. obey. And that's why when brother Benham comes to the very end of this amazing story and he he he said now the you can tell the audience that he's preaching to my they're they're ready to just go empty the hospitals and the graveyards and they're ready to just run out the door and start speaking the word. And and and it sounds almost like a prophet is saying that, hey, we've reached a time now. We're just going to go all go out here and decide and we're just going to speak. I'm glad God didn't give me or you that. Oh, you'd kill every every enemy you have. You'd wreck their lives. You'd set your own self up for good and it would end up being your bad. You'd get slapped down by God every time you tried to say in the name of Jesus to keep you from saying it. Listen friends, there's no virtue in you and me. And that's why brother Brandham tied it back. And he actually calmed them down by tying it back. He said, "What we need?" Tell us quickly. Oh, this this word is ready. Tell us what we need. We need consecration. Huh? Yeah. We need dedication. No, no, no. We're ready to go to the graveyard. Not yet. You're not ready to go to the graveyard. This is only going to be like Abraham. You got to have dedication. You got to have consecration. That's why it worked for Hadtie, right? Amen. Amen. This is exactly why he says just sure and waxed fat and he forsook God which made him and lightly esteemed the rock of his salvation. Th this isn't about God putting power in immature people who don't have enough of the spirit of God to dedicate their lives and their hearts and dedicate their minds and be consecrated to God. Those are the people who will do great exploits at the last day. The people who know their God, not know about him, [Applause] got a church full of people who know about him. Paul never said to Timothy, "Go preach about Christ." He said, "Preach Christ." See, and so you you find it, oh, that verse 29, brother Mark, uh, chapter 32, verse 29. Oh, that they were wise, that they understood this, that they would consider their latter end. Here was here was what was possible. How should one chase a thousand and two put 10,000 to flight except their rock had sold them and the Lord had shut them up? Oh, listen friends. You understand that this isn't this is never going to be about the bride running around. And we've we've had far too much of that. of people trying to run out and build some kingdom based on some teaching or some doctrine. And all it done was blow families apart and blow lives apart and blow young people apart before they could even get out of the gate. True. It was never supposed to be like that. That's not how it was supposed to come. This bride had a messenger and she's got a five-fold ministry to teach her the sense of it. In other words, how to apply. You see that in Gen in uh in Nehemiah 8. Uh, go there, Mark. Go to Nehemiah 8. I'm getting ahead of myself, but I I better qualify what I just said. So, when you go to Nehemiah 8 and 7 and 8, uh, Nehemiah chapter 8, verses 7 and 8. Wait for it to come up. And, and Yeshua and Bonnie and Sherbaya, Jaman, Akab, Shabbathi, had whatever that word is, and that one, and that one, and that one, and that one. 13 of them. Plus all the all the priests go on to under what what did they do? They and and the Levites caused the people to understand the law and the people stood in their place. Now before we go to verse eight, the history here, this is in Nehemiah. Uh uh Zerubbable's already been there. The Ezra has already been there. The the foundation of the tabernacle has been relayed. The walls have been have been laid. The walls have been built. And we find that that now Ezra stands up to read the restored word. Cuz it had been lost. Oh my. You understand why we needed that at the end time? A word that had been lost. And there had to be one stand up qualified who had been called of God at the time of restoration. And he had to read the word of God. But then the problem was that down through the ages of their captivity, the original language of the word had been lost. And even their children didn't even understand Hebrew anymore. And even the and and all and even the adults, it's been 70 years. Most of them have forgotten their Hebrew. It's kind of sketchy. Uh Ezra remembered it because he's a scribe and that was his job to remember it. And so, but we find out that that now most of them speak Aramaic. Amen. And so now you had this great man of God taking the revealed word and bringing it out. But the people now need a five-fold Levite ministry to explain the sense of it. In other words, how to apply it in our lives. Look at verse eight. So they read in the book in the law of God distinctly and gave the sense and caused them to understand the reading. Hallelujah. See, so God never ordained for another man to rise up and take some new doctrine and now he's got a new camp and all he is is a kingdom builder. Amen. Wow. and building this kingdom or what we call camp or this camp or this kingdom or this kingdom or this kingdom or this camp and it's all just kingdoms to himself drawing all the people to himself something William and Brandham never did amen see but it but it was never given to the five-fold ministry to reinterpret the message we we did the the bride didn't need the five-fold ministry to do that it came to us in the simplest form it could a Kentucky hillbilly anybody can get it Yeah, you don't have to be a scholar. The mind of God knew that he would he would pull out all the stops and make no limitations that even the common man like Jesus could understand it plainly. See, but you can't just push play no more than Ezra could just read. There still had to be Levites to explain the sense of it. In other words, to show people how to apply it in their lives, in their homes, in their jobs, in their families, and their children. Yeah. Amen. It's not to them to reinterpret it or create something new and build a kingdom. It was never about that. Oh my. We find that was never going to be about that. When you when you think about the the the unsealing today that we have of the word of God that came to us in the opening of the seven seals and you know uh as I said we never needed you know another man other than brother Brenham to make clear the word clear at the end time. Amen. So the five-fold ministry that followed was not to establish or add to the restored gospel, not to reinterpret the teaching of the already restored gospel. That God established them to help the people know how to apply it. Amen. We were just the other day right here on the picnic table, some minister, part of the team and I and we were just talking about the various offices, apostles and prophets and pastors and teachers and evangelists going on down and and I was just showing them, you know, uh, you know, in military order how that you you in every military you've got an officer corps and then you've got you've got the main army and and and this is why so much discouragement has been in the main army over the years because the officer corps seem to can't get along. jealous over each other. Oh my goodness, I am so we are so blessed here. I can tell you we meet and we talk about these things often and God has given us such a team of men who have one heart and one mind and they desire to see this this church rise in the in the fullness of the Holy Spirit. They desire to see power going forth. We desire to see all everything that Calvary purchased. Amen. I want to see it moving here. Yes. But we were never it's not it's all about helping the people to apply it in their lives. So the so the ministry of Ephesians 4 in every age and in this last age particularly was not given to add to Elijah's teachings uh build a camp or a kingdom to themselves instead to help apply it. So, so, so, and and if there was ever, if I would, I'd say it like this. If there was ever an age at the very time when they're trying to cut that part off and just push play at the worst possible moment. Yes. Amen. Amen. At at the time when the world when God's family needs a five-fold ministry to have the sense of it and to apply it because every day it's getting worse and worse and worse and worse. And I understand uh how I had to apply it in the 70s and the 80s and the 90s and the early 2000s and the teens. But today, let me tell you something, friends. From the time of the fifth trumpet, when a fallen star, a fallen angel was fell from heaven and had a key to the bottomless pit and un and opened that bottomless pit, as brother Brandham said, uh in paraphrase, the lid is torn from hell and demon powers are now streaming in the earth. This is no time to set down a five-fold ministry. This is a time when we have to rededicate ourselves to rehumble ourselves in the presence of almighty God. Amen. Oh my. See, I mean, if it could be done without the work of God ordained, Holy Ghost fililled Amen five-fold ministry, then God would never have established it through Paul and confirmed it through Brother Brandham all through his ministry and hundreds of quotes. See, so Paul made it clear and Brother Brandham taught that they were what what are they for? They're for the perfecting of the saints. And and that that's a that culminates into something. That's a spiritual growth. It culminates in a spiritual growth as the Bible says into him in all things. Amen. Which is the head, even Christ. I'm getting sidetracked. I don't really want to do that. So, so, so whenever whenever we use descriptive terms that that sometimes, you know, such as a further understanding or a further work of the Holy Spirit, you know, we're it's only in the sense of the bride becoming a further manifestation. It doesn't need an another messenger. It doesn't need a eighth messenger or an eighth doctrine or an eighth age. It's not about that that we do go further. But that's only by what we already have is already finished. In that days of the voice of the seventh angel, the mystery is finished. But now a bride has to become the word. She's got to move on where that alpha church backslid and failed to achieve a body change. It was all in the design and plan of God. The seed had to go into the ground. I get that. We're not arguing against it. I'm just simply trying to say to you today, this is the hour that a bride, never before has it happened, that a bride all around the world is coming into the manifestation of the word. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. And this is where we find ourselves. Hallelujah. This is where we find and I I I I love this statement a friend of mine made. The seventh seal breaking the silence revealing the mysteries which begin the process of winding up of all end time events. Hallelujah. I I'm I'm I'm done. I'm going to stop. But I want to leave you with that. You have come to the hour. Yes. When the seals have been broken and the mystery of the mighty God has been made known. Hallelujah. But now comes that that part. It not just now comes. It's been happening. And God is remember that's why brother Brandham said it all happens, you know, in a cluster. It it's all simultaneously. It's all working. the trumpets and the seals and the vials and the woes and they're all interchanged and it's all happening in history. And and this is why we we say to you friends that the rapture is coming in your lifetime because there's no other ages and there's no other message and there's no other star in his right hand. They've all been deployed. We're all the Jews are in their homeland. the political maneuvering that's going on. The trumpets have all the the the seventh plague, the seventh vial has already been released into the air, right? Only he Christ who now letth in the bride holding back the antichrist spirit only he will hold him back until he Christ in the bride be taken home. And then the whole things becomes a it becomes a tsunami. It becomes a deluge. It becomes global and it happens quickly. Behold, the third woe cometh quickly. The Bible says, "Oh, friends, I hope you're catching it. That you have reached an hour and you have reached a time. And God has not left us unprepared. He's not left us without the weapons of warfare that we need. But what we need is more of him. We need more more dedication. We need more consecration. This is the hour for the bride to shine." Hallelujah. It's never been needed. There's never been a greater need to push play than now. Yeah. There's never been a greater need for the five-fold ministry, right? To help the people learn how to to take the sense of it and and and and apply it into our lives. There's never been a greater need for that than now. You, your home, your family, your children, you've never needed the house of God more than now. Hallelujah. You've never needed listening to a tape more than now. You've never needed reading your Bible and praying more than now. You've never needed fellowship more than now. You've never needed the Lord's table more than now. You've never needed the power of God more than now. We have arrived. We're in the now. You are the now. Hallelujah. Friends, do you believe that today? The the marriage of the lamb has come and the bride has made herself ready. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's stand to our feet. I dare not go any further. We'll be here all day. My, as brother Gerald Hughes says, till the till the cows come home and the calves cry for buttermilk. Brother Lee, none of us know what that means, but we say it. Amen. Maybe a dairy farmer could tell me. Praise the Lord. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Do you love him with all your heart? Amen. Oh my. Can we sing that song? Blessed beless be blessed be your name your name. Oh blessed be. Oh blessed be. Oh, blessed be ye your name again. Now, blessed be. Oh, blessed be. Hallelujah, Lord. Blessed be. Oh, blessed be. Oh, your name. Your name. Blessed be. Oh, blessed be. Oh, blessed be your name and let your people proclaim [Applause] you are holy. Come on now, let's worship him. Oh, you are holy God. As we lift up your name and give gloryy, glory, glory. Oh, gloryy to your name. Blessed be me. Oh, blessed be. Oh, blessed be. Hallelujah. Blessed be your name. Your name. Blessed be. Oh yes, Lord. Blessed be. Oh, blessed be. Brother Jack, take brother Lee and go back. Brother Luther, help him out. Let the people proclaim. Oh, you are holy. Oh, you are holy, God. as we lift up your name and give gloryy, glory, glory, oh glory to your name. Blessed be Let's sing it now. Oh blessed be, blessed be, oh blessed be your name. [Applause] Blessed be blessed be Oh, blessed be your name. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Let's bow our heads, friends, as they just play something. Whatever you choose, Brother Brad, just play softly. Father, how we love you today, Lord. How we thank you for your word that's come to us today. And I I I feel satisfied in my heart, Lord, that we were able to establish a direction and give the people enough to where they could catch a vision and catch an understanding. Lord, there's great things ahead. And we're we're not just looking somewhere over a rainbow. We're looking right now. We have arrived. We are the the last generation upon whom the ends of the world have come. We thank you for that, master. And I ask now today that all those Lord who are under the sound of my voice in this audience are across the airwaves. Lord, if there's anyone today in their heart and they heard the word strike them in such a way today that they know they're not quite where they need to be, I pray for them right now. If that's you, friends, with all heads bowed, if that's you, you want to raise up a hand to the Lord right now and just say, "Father, I got areas in my life I need to tighten up on." My I'll raise up both mine on that. Lord, there's so many places where I could be more, Lord, that that would enable you to do and accomplish more if I could just be more. Help us today, Lord God. this audience, Lord, the home folk here and many and some away out of town ministering, but wherever they are and all of our visitors in our camp and all those streaming, Lord, across the airwaves right now, we offer this prayer and we ask you to do that, Lord, in us which we so seem to not be able to do within ourselves. Grant it to us, Lord. Keep your word, keep your promise, Lord. We humble ourselves today. We repent, Father, of all of our sins and transgressions. We are sorry, Lord, that so often times we find ourselves short of the mark. Oh God, help us now today. I pray, Lord, it was so astonishing to me to hear a prophet even praying along that same line. Lord, just saying, "Father, I just fail you so often. I pray you would help me with all my failures and weaknesses and shortcomings. Lord, what an honest, humble man. I I believe, Lord, that all your men of God are that way down through the ages." We thank you today for this audience. We thank you today for this special occasion that we're turning to now. Lord, in your word, the promise in your word, for all those who would follow your word, you would fill them with your life. And from that hour, Lord, they would begin to be a brand new creation in Christ Jesus, knowing you in a way they had never known you before. Those devout Jews, they knew you, they knew about you, they had worshiped you. They were very devout. They live strict holiness lives, Lord, according to the law of Moses. But yet, they had to repent and they had to come further. They had to move higher. They had to go deeper in Christ. I pray, Lord, that you'll grant that to us all today as we look to you now in Jesus Christ's name. Praise the Lord. Amen. Wow. He moved you guys quick, didn't he? Praise the Lord. How How close are we, brother? Praise the Lord. We're ready. Amen. God bless you. I think um Are y'all seated? Y'all can be seated. Yeah, I think you can be seated. Amen. Praise the Lord. You going to help me, Brother Jack? Praise God. Brother Lee, it's a wonderful honor, brother. [Music] No, he's getting some. He's good. [Music] Brother Jack, you got to be real careful here. All right. You're a big guy. If you fall, I don't know if I catch you or not. Amen. Praise the Lord, brother Lee. What an honor. Come on down in here, my brother. Amen. Let's see. Oh, they got your bathtub warm. You're going to be good, my brother. Yeah. Come right on. Come right on. Come right on. There you go. Uh, these deacons have took care of you, man. Praise the Lord. Now, you just stand right there for a minute. Let me just talk to you. We spoke back there in the back office, Brother Lee. Brother Lee Frasier and you know you had a background a family and a church but the Lord sent one of his children and crossed your paths and it was amazing because y'all both talked about how that brother Jack you've been around him for a long time and you never said a word. You never felt the uncction. See that's a lesson y'all. The sons of God are led by the spirit of God. And brother Jack sensitive to the Holy Spirit never said a word. Just you know what he did? He lived a word. He lived a word and caught the attention of this man. So that when he did utter human words, something struck in the heart here. And this brother saw it in the scripture. And now today, why is he here? Because he wants to obey all the words of God because he's realizing that there's more to be had. Oh, could we give him some testimonies of that today? There's more. Hallelujah, friends. Oh, I just say today, if you feel trapped in some man-made system, oh, there's heavenly heavens for you to soar in. Young people, there's a Holy Spirit, there's a Holy Ghost for you to soar in the realities of the living God. Brother Lee, you've read the scripture in Acts chapter 2. Yes, sir. See, and they had to repent and then they had to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And when we look in the Bible, everyone that was ever baptized was baptized in the name of the Lord. Every last one of them. There was no one baptized in those titles according to Matthew 28:19 because Peter knew that the na that the titles were only titles to the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. See, and so that that is the beauty of the word of God. See now that that that that great eternal spirit could tabernacle himself into a man and then that man could send his life back inside of you. Now this might be strong but that makes you when you receive the Holy Ghost that makes you part of God's eternal Godhead. See and you take his name. There's no other name given among men whereby we must be saved. It doesn't matter. Baptist, Lutheran, Catholic, Presbyterian, UPC, doesn't matter those names. That's not how men are saved. They're saved by the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. That's where salvation comes. Whatsoever you do in word or deed from this day, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Let's pray. Father, we thank you for this wonderful opportunity. Lord, talking to the brother in the back room, I can see his wonderful spirit. Now, I pray, Lord, it's up to you. I believe that you've brought him here for such a time as this. I believe, Lord, that you're ready to now give him a higher walk and a deeper a deeper experience, Lord, in that realm, Lord, where a gene of God is perhaps laying. Oh, lamb of God, let it be so. Father, reveal everything to him that you have for him. And may he receive everything that you have for him. We commit it to you now. He's here to obey you in your word. And he said, "This is day one where he's going to begin to obey you more and more every day. We commit him into your hands now in Jesus Christ's name." Brother Lee, sit down on that ledge there. And all we're going to do, brother, sit down. There you go. Brother Jack, according to the word, uh, Brother Jack's going to help me now. We're going to take you straight on and bring you straight up. You understand? Straight down. Straight up. And you you can put your hand over your nose if you want to. You'll be back up and out of it. Thanks be to God, the Holy Ghost moves quick. Amen. So, we don't need to leave you in the grave. Amen. Jesus already spent almost three days there. You don't have to do that. Praise the Lord. Amen. Brother Lee Frasier, according to the scripture, according to God's promise that if you'd come and be baptized in his name, that the Holy Ghost, then you become entitled to it. My brother, we baptize you today. Help me put him down with Jack. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ all the way. Amen. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Stand up and rejoice my brother. Hallelujah. Lord, let your spirit fill him. Every fiber of him, oh God, from this hour, Lord, open his mind. Open his understanding of the word. We commit it to you now in Jesus name. Amen. Go rejoicing, my brother. Go in the love of God. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the name of God. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Go right there. The brother's waiting for you with a towel. Amen. Give the Lord another hand this morning this afternoon. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Ain't it wonderful to see that? Yeah. My is it wonderful to know that you're working in the exact order that the early church worked in. You know, I you can read it right in the history books, right in the encyclopedias. I mean, it's as plain as anything. They even have a they even have a an actual rendering that's almost 2,000 years old in the early church where they baptized a man and they baptized him just like I just did in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. They they talked to him a little bit. Amen. The deacon talked to him. believe and he called his name. Yes, sir. I believe. Believest thou on Christ? Yes, I believe. Oh my. And put him right down underwater in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. There is no other name given among men whereby we must be saved. We got in the future. We might need this pool again pretty soon. I got one young man who's already been baptized, been serving the Lord in a freshness, and wants to be rebaptized. So maybe we'll get to that uh in weeks to come. Amen. Anybody that wants to be baptized or rebaptized, I'm here to tell you something, friends. We're close to home. We're close to home. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's stand back to our feet. What you going to sing, buddy? Blessed Lord, in the way thou has gone. Oh yes. Leading straight to the land above. Giving cheer everywhere to the sand and alone. Oh, fill my way every day with love. Come on now. Oh, fill my way every day with love. As I walk with the heavenly go with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, keep me close to the side of myior and guide. Let me never in darkness road. Oh, keep my path free from wrath and my soul. Oh my. Oh, fill my way every day with love. Come on now. Right before we go, all together. Fill my way every day with love. Oh, as I walk with the heavenly. Oh, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day. God bless you saints. You can be dismissed in Jesus name. Fill my way over the course. Oh, as I walk with the heavenly. God bless you. You're dismissed. Won't let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Soon this race will be over and I'll travel no more but abide in my home above. Let me sing blessed king all the way to the shore. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way every day with love as I walk with the heavenly love. Let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way every day with love as I walk with the heavenly love. Let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. [Music] There is going to be a meeting in the air in that sweet, sweet by and by. I'm going to meet you and greet you over there in the land beyond the sky. Such singing you will hear. Never heard by mortal ear will be glorious. I do declare God's own son
