################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-06-18 - (Sunday School) 230618- Jason DeMars Seven Women Take Hold of One Man (Part 2) - Jason DeMars.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-06-18
Title:   (Sunday School) 230618- Jason DeMars: Seven Women Take Hold of One Man (Part 2)
Speaker: Jason DeMars
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36PCFGZbd-s
========================================

Heavenly Father, we just come before you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And we want to commit this day to you. We want to commit ourselves to you, Lord. We ask your Holy Spirit would come and open your word and teach us this morning. We pray, Lord, that you'd help each one of us to lay aside the the the worries of this life and the cares of this life, Lord, that we would just turn our focus and turn our hearts to you, Lord. That you would speak to us and deal with us, Lord. Help us to uh glorify your name today. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. And God bless you. We can going to open in the scriptures to Isaiah 4 and we're going to read one and two and we're going to continue on our topic. There it is. It was left on. So, I'm going to hope it works. It does. Good deal. All right. In that day, seven women shall take hold of one man, saying, "We will eat our own bread and wear our own apparel. Only let us be called by thy name to take away our reproach. In that day shall the branch of the Lord be beautiful and glorious, and the fruit of the earth shall be excellent and comely for them that are escaped of Israel." May the Lord add the blessing to the reading of his word. You can be seated. So part two on seven women shall take hold of one man. And if you look at this word there it says take hold means to seize to grab hold tightly to refrain or support by grabbing hold of. And so when you think about this this word this verse is we're you know you can you can you could say there's a natural fulfillment of scripture and there's a spiritual or typological filment fulfillment of scripture. And so you know some of the commentators point to you know the time that Titus sacked Jerusalem and killed so many uh men and there was very few uh men left and there was only only women. And so they had a very difficult time finding a husband and they'll say they're saying we'll just we don't care about what God's requirements are. We'll just do it our way and but let give us your name and and and and be your be our protection because you're giving us your name. And so that that's the natural fulfillment. Even in the natural fulfillment, you can carry it forward to today where we have such an hour where uh feminism has come to its full circle. And when I say feminism has come to its full circle, I mean now they've shot themselves in their own foot by the madness of justice and equity coming to this place where now we don't even know what a woman is. Right? You you try to you try to ask an educated person today or a politician, what is a woman? Boy, you're going to fry their brain. How should I answer that? Well, a woman who is someone who identifies as a woman. Well, what is that? We don't know what that is. So, that's that's the full circle feminism. Are you happy? Are you glad here? Are you glad that your sports are just going to be destroyed with all kinds of terrible athletic unathletic men destroying you now because men are designed stronger? Wow. We found out really that men and women are different and God made them differently. They're designed at the very cellular level differently. What a shocker. No, it's not a shocker. No, it's exactly what God's word says. And you say these things and people are offended. They're they're upset. You know, who knows? The YouTube channel might get cancelled for Bethl Tabernacle. Now, you know, these things are happening. And that's that's the hour we're living in. Seven women shall take hold of one man, saying, "We will eat our own bread and wear our own apparel." The scripture in Exodus 21:10, this of course is speaking about if if if there's a polygamous relationship, if if the husband takes another wife, says if you take him another wife, her food, her raignment, and her duty of marriage shall he not diminish? But of course, I'm just looking at it in the sense of a husband's duty is to provide food, clothing, uh housing, etc. for his wife. That's his duty. That's that's her expectation of him, right? And so it God is commanding men if you're going to of course this is Old Testament is not allowed now. He's commanding men if you take another wife don't you're not going to diminish your provision. You have to provide your duty what you're supposed to do for her. And she is by God's word is to expect this. Right? So then we have the reverse. We see here is now it's reversed bread and clothes. She's going to say, "I'm going to provide it. I I'm going to supply this. I'm going to have a I'm going to get a degree and I'm going to have a career and you man, I don't need you. Just let me be married and take away the approach." So then we then we forward this to the spiritual application. I lost control here. All right, we take it then to the spiritual application. Revelation 18:7, speaking of mystery Babylon, how much she hath glorified herself and lived deliciously. So much torment and sorrow give her. For she saith in her heart, I sit a queen and am no widow, and shall see no sorrow. Right. So there there she is exalting herself, exalting her place, exalting her position. I'm the one in control. Remember we read last week Revelation 17. It's the riding upon the beast. So it's a woman controlling the governmental system which we know represents the Roman Catholic Church and the denominational systems. They're they have committed adultery against Jesus Christ and made their another Jesus, another gospel, and another spirit. and they've turned against him. Instead of receiving the vindicated truth of the Bible, they've taken their own interpretation, which is the interpretation of men, which is saying, "I'll I'll have my own bread. I'll supply my own bread. I don't need the bread that Christ sends and Christ vindicates. I I want the bread that I can supply." You see how it's flipped flipped on its head? Now, a woman is taking hold of Christ. Seven women, seven churches, seven denominations. It means seven in in in Jewish means the completion, right? In the Jewish scriptures. So it's the completion. The church as a whole besides a small remnant has said we'll take hold of this man Christ. We don't want your bread and we don't want the raignment that you prov. But it's a perverted word. It can't produce life. It only It's hybrid. It produces death. She says, "I'm a queen. Look at me." What is What is uh the Catholic Church call itself? Queen. Queen of heaven. What does it call Mary? The queen of heaven. Revelations 3:17. Because thou sayest, I am rich and increased with goods, and have need of nothing, and knowest not that thou art wretched, and miserable, and poor, and blind, and naked. That's the condition of seven women taking hold of one man saying I'll I'll eat my own bread and provide my own clothing. This is this is the this is the result is saying I don't need anything. I don't need the vindicated word. I don't I don't need the truth that Christ sends. I've got my own version. I've got my own interpretation. Well, the Bible says that the word is not of any private interpretation. But God interprets his own word by sending a prophet and bringing it to pass. Revelation 3:20, "Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come into him and will s with him and he with me." This this is a verse that the denominational systems have turned into just ah this is a lovely invitational verse. Come to the altar and shake the minister's hand and ask Jesus into your heart. That's not what this is talking about. This is a prophetic scripture saying Christ is on the outside of the church and he's been he's been cast out. He said we we we'll we'll eat our own bread. We'll wear our own reignment. Let only let us be called by your name to take away our reproach. We want to be called by the name of Christian, but we don't want to take Christ what Christ has delivered to us in this day. So he's standing outside and he's knocking. The rejected king, the rejected bridegroom. She says, "I have my own husbands. I have my I have my own bread. I have my own food. I've got my own career. I don't need you to provide for me. I don't need you to take care of me. I don't need a husband. I just want your name. Okay? I just I just I just want to have some sort of relationship that satisfies me. But I don't want the bread of life that Christ has offered. I have what I want. I have what suits me, what suits me in a modern world. Revelation 17:4-5. And the woman was arrayed in purple and scarlet color and decked with gold and precious stones and pearls, having a golden cup in her hand, full of abominations and filthiness of her fornication. And upon her forehead was a name written, "Mistry Babylon the great, the mother of harlots and abominations of the earth." We spoke about this last time and gave the details behind it. I won't do that again, but I'm just going to point out she's arrayed. She's dressed in purple and scarlet. This is her own garment that she's provided by her own works. And what was her own works? It was persecution of anyone that didn't dis didn't take sides with her. If you didn't confess the Catholic faith, you were martyed. 68 million people during the dark ages were put to death by the Roman Catholic Church. And what is it? She what is what's the substance that she has in her golden cup? It's blood from the martyrs of Jesus. She's drinking the blood of the mart. She's not she's not drinking the wine that brings a stimulation of revelation. She's drinking her own works, the result of her own works, the blood of the martyrs. Think about that. That's that that's the works of her hands. That's how she's clothed herself. Of course, if you're going to if you're going to take upon yourself to close your clothe yourself, you're going to do it in the best that the world has has to offer, right? But you're going to do it your way and you're you're not going to submit yourself to Christ because if Christ has made an offer, here's my word. Here's my vindicated truth. and you say, "I got my own thing going on." You know, and and again, look, there's nice people in many churches around the world. And there's no discounting that there's nice people, really wonderful people. But there's a great difference between being a nice person and being walking in the truth. Because you can you could say, "I'm a nice person." but your denomination is teaching you that there's three gods. There's a there's a major problem. You you could be a nice person, but your denomination is teaching you to disbelieve God's word. All of them do it. You say, "No, I heard the I heard the Baptist church telling us to believe God's word." Yeah, to a certain extent, sure. I I I I used to be a reformed Baptist. I believe God's word, but what happens when you're confronted with a revelation of the truth? Amen. What what happens if you're confronted with something simple like Acts 2:38? Are we going to make Matthew 28:19 fight Acts 238? Or are we going to simply say amen? They're both true. And I and this is how the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost is the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Take that simple thing and bring it to every denomination. I challenge you if you're struggling with this message. Take that simple thing. Go to every single denomination and ask them what they say to you. I can already tell you what they can say. A they're going to say it doesn't matter. They're B they're going to say well Jesus said this and we'll take what Jesus said. Or C they're going to say well Jesus the way Jesus did it was correct. Um and the apostle Peter was simply saying like by we baptize you in the name of father son and holy ghost by the authority of Jesus Christ. So they have to re they can't just take the word leave it as it is and say this fits here like this because of this. They can't do that. They're going to tell give you one of those three answers and what and that's a that's a red flag for me that you don't believe God's word. if it wouldn't cause you to struggle and look and say, "We have a problem with denominations right now." God gave us such an incredible clue right there that denom that the denominational system and those who are rejecting turning away from the message, they cannot answer that. How shocking should that be? For me, that was the most shocking thing I've ever heard in my life. When that when that brother introduced the message to me and told me about wa water baptism in my college, I was confronted by God's word. And I I was immediately I had to say, is is what I'm reading in God's word true or is the whole is the history of the Orthodox church true? And then you have to go and say, well, I'm a Bible believer. I could care less what this authority says and that authority says and that authority says. Amen. I was a I grew up a Lutheran. I heard about Martin Luther's story all the time. And when I I was always captivated by my heart is captive to the word of God. I can do no other. That's it. My conscience is captive to the word of God. Where else are we going to go? You're going to go to a denomination. You're going to go to a place that's teaching father, son, and holy ghost baptism. They can't get to very the very first base in scripture. They don't have the very first base of the gospel restored to them. They've completely missed it. And what is it? We'll have our own bread. That's what happens. We're talking about being confronted with God's word. You say, "I believe God's word." Me, too. But what about if you're confronted with something that you don't understand? Are you going to say, "Okay, Lord, I don't understand it. Your word is true. Not my church, not my thinking, not my not my theological background, but God's word is true. That's where the confrontation takes place. And that's where you either commit adultery against Christ or you stay true to him. You say, "I'm so I'm not committing. I love Christ." You love a version of Christ. And I I I I wish I could open the net and say everybody's just fine. That's what my flesh wants to say. everybody's just fine. But that's not what we're bound to. We're bound to point people to God's word, and we have to stay with the vindicated truth that we've received by scripture. And so, you're looking at at at this is they say, "We'll have our own bread. We'll take our own raignment." I hope that's striking you. What a dangerous situation is. And it's a perfect the church is perfectly reflected by the woman and feminist movement of today. Amen. of the last 120 140 years they've said we don't need God's order we don't need God's purpose we don't need the woman said I don't need a husband I don't I don't have need of I can do everything on my own well is that God's order is that God's God's program no it's not what is what I better leave you leave you that Hebrews 5:25-27, "Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the church and gave himself for it, that he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word." Now, we're going to see Christ being the source of a washing. Our garments were filthy. The garments got filthy through the denominational systems. But then there came a message of restoration that was to cleanse and wash us by the washing of the water of the word. That's what the message is sent for. You can't be washed by a perverted word. You have to be wa washed by a clean word, completely restored word. So that's what the message came to wash us. It's we we we get brother Brandham brought the message but this was Christ coming and he vindicated that by the supernatural that was coming through his ministry. God proved it over and over and over again that this was him coming to wash his church for what? That he might present it to himself a glorious church not having spot or wrinkle or any such thing but that it should be holy and without blemish. And isn't that perfectly fitting to the gospel? We can't provide our own bread and reignment. That's our own works. It's all filthiness in the sight of God. It has to be Christ's come to supply us with the washing and with the garment. Revelation 197 and 8. Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him for the marriage of the lamb has come is come and his wife hath made herself ready. She's made herself ready. Absolutely. But look how how she made herself ready and to her was granted. What does it mean when it's granted? It means it's given to you. You didn't make it yourself. You didn't create it yourself. It was granted to you. It's given. Means it was in somebody else's possession and they gave it to you as a gift. That she should be arrayed in fine linen, clean and white. For the fine linen is the righteousness of saints. She didn't provide her own reignment. She was given this fine linen, clean and white. It's not merely a white robe, but it's a it's a beautiful, expensive, glorious garment, but it's white. It's not purple and scarlet. And it's not it and it's simple. It's humble. It's not arrayed with pearls and gold and all all these other things and a a golden cup. No, it's it's not that. It's a simple, humble, but beautiful fine linen, clean and white. Because that fine linen is the righteousness of saints. Now, I want to ask you, who what's the righteousness of saints? All our own righteousness is as filthy rags. What is the righteousness of saints? It's the righteousness of Christ imputed unto her. Brother Brandham says, I it's not my righteousness. I don't have any. Amen. That's right. It's his it's his righteousness. So he clothe us in this fine linen which is representing that's his righteousness that we're clothed in. But you can't clothe yourself in it by your own works, by your own word, by your own doctrine, by your own theology. You have to be clothed in it by the word that Christ delivers. And he has delivered. And he made sure of that we would understand it by vindicating it over and over and over again. Amen. Ephesians 5:22- 24. Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands as unto the Lord. For the husband is the head of the wife, even as Christ is the head of the church, and he is the savior of the body. Therefore, as the church is subject unto Christ, so let the wives be to their own husbands. When you get a society that's so out of order, it's flip this around. This is what it is. If you if you watch enough uh memes and men talking, what is the reality is they get married and their wife does everything. She she does the finances, she cooks and cleans, she goes to work, she makes the schedule, and what does he sit? I don't even know what's going on. I'm just watching the football game and beer appears in my hand, you know. And he goes to work. Sure, he works, too. But his wife's in control of everything and he's just walking along as a submissive puppy. And what do you think? There's depression. Women are depressed. Women will fill the role of leadership if men refuse to do it. Absolutely they will. But men are are, you know, we can go on. There's so many layers of this. And we're going to get into it, but it won't be this time. There's so many layers that the devil has attacked. Yes. Amen. He started in in the the 1800s and he began a slow and methodical process of attacking the home and attacking the church. And he did it and his purpose was to effeminize men. And he did it in the natural realm. He did it in the spiritual realm. And he and he did it in the in the mental realm. He did it all three levels. He attacked it. It's very clear. We're going to we're going to get to that probably next time. But the purpose was to flip this upside down. Why did he want to flip it upside down in the home? Because he was flipping it upside down in the church. He was going to make a woman a leader. He was going to make her the preacher. She's going to make her deacons and elders. And he was going to let her be the one that supplies the bread. You know, both both as in the physical women preachers. Every denomination has it beside Catholic and some Baptist. Every denomination has it. It's ABC. You have to do theological headstands to overcome the scripture that says, "I suffer not a woman to teach or to usurp authority over a man." You see, you see all of this is being turned upside down because it's a perfect representation of what's happening in the spiritual realm. Christ is being they are they are seeking to lead Christ around the way that they want to and they're representing that to the world. We're in control. We make the interpretation. You see that word? It doesn't really mean that because Phoebe was a preacher. Oh yeah, Phoebe was following around Paul and he was having to preach all the time. Come on. You know, and and this is the this is the interpretation that they want to put on it and say Christ redeemed everything and restored everything. So now woman's a preacher and now woman's in the pulpit and leadership position. Well, I want to ask a question just a simple question. How in the world is a woman can be the husband of one wife? Well, okay, in modern America, but I mean, I'm talking about in the light of scripture. Maybe you you profess to believe a little bit of the Bible, but the that's the issue is as soon as you put a woman in the pulpit, what's the next result? You you're going to go woke. Amen. It's just a matter of time. Every denomination that's done it, name me one that hasn't. Episcopalian, what have they done? Methodists, what have they done? Lutheran, what have they done? You see, they're they're they're trying to make themselves appealing to the culture. The culture don't like church anyway. All right? So, don't try to appeal to them. Offer them something different. offer them something that's real and true and solid. If they won't hear the word of God, that's their problem. They're going to suffer for that. Our job is to declare it as it stands, not adjust ourselves to the culture and to the times. We don't have husbands, submit yourselves unto your wives as unto the Lord. We don't have the wife is the head of the husband even as the church is the head of Christ. That's not what it that's not reality. That's not how God designed us. As we talked about last time, God's initial design was for man to be a leader. This that's what it said in first Timothy. Paul appealing to the fact that women shouldn't be preachers said that Adam was created first. That's not the result of the fall. That's a result of God's design. He made a man to be ahead. Now, he didn't mean him to be ahead as in a dictator. He ma he said he said you you'll lead, you'll provide. You'll sacrifice yourself. You'll be a servant to your family. Right? He he he speaks of this kind of leadership, not a dictatorship. Christ redeems a woman from the dictatorship rule of a man into the rule of love be sacrificing yourself. But he doesn't reverse the order. You say, but it says there's no male, there's no female in Christ. Okay. What is that? What what do you think that means? Means that we all come to Christ directly and we're all one in him. That doesn't change our roles. That doesn't change what what God created us to be. He created a woman to be a weaker vessel. He created a man to be a stronger vessel. There's nothing to apologize for. You should be you should be thankful for God's order. The way that a man and a woman will be happy is when they actually enter into God's correct order. What the people that don't do that, they're unhappy. They're they're suicidal and life is horrible and they'll complain about every little thing. They complain about their marriage. It's just it's mystifying to me that these spirits will try to get on us that are following this message. But we have to fight Amen. against these spirits because that's the spirit of the age that's trying to come and conquer us. Ben, lead your home. You don't lead with rigor. You lead with love and service. But you, it's your job to be the provider. Provide means provision. Means to see ahead of h of of time and and and make the steps to meet the need that's there. And that's not just for food. That's not just for clothing. That's spiritually speaking. You're supposed to lead your family. You're supposed to see the dangers and the pitfalls and make decisions and choices and pull things away and put things there and and you're supposed to see those things to lead your family with the wisdom of the Holy Spirit. All right, I'm going to close right there. Let's stand. There's so much here. It's just incredible looking at this. We'll continue at some point here. Heavenly Father, we just come to you, Lord, and we ask that your Holy Spirit would move and work in our hearts, minds, and lives today, Lord. I pray that you would help us to to glorify you and get our eyes and our hearts fixed upon you, Lord. We ask it in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. [Music]
