################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-03-29 - 230329 - Jason DeMars The Gene Of God - Jason DeMars.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-03-29
Title:   230329 - Jason DeMars: The Gene Of God
Speaker: Jason DeMars
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WdACUkcwmwE
========================================

[Music] All right. Uh, good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. We're running. Devil's fighting us today. Um, let's all stand up and have a word of prayer. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we want to bow our hearts before you, Lord, and invite you into our pres into the the the atmosphere, Lord, that you would come down and create your presence, that we would be able to enter that presence, Lord, and have our hearts open to hear your word, Father. That we'd be edified. That those who have come expecting with needy hearts would be blessed and have their needs met, Father. We ask these things in the holy and precious name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. All right, we working now. All right, we're working. All right, what? Let me get my um sing. I've got my mind made up. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. Can we go down a little bit? I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. [Music] I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I'm going to see my Jesus someday. Oh, goodbye world. I'll stay no longer with you. Goodbye pleasures of sin. I'll stay no longer with you. I've made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. I've made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I'm going to see my Jesus someday. I've got my mind made up and I won't turn back cuz I'm going to see my Jesus someday. [Music] Oh, goodbye world. [Music] I'll stay no longer with you. Goodbye pleasures of sin. I'll stay no longer with you. I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. [Applause] I made up my mind to go God's way the rest of my life. [Applause] Wherever I go, I'll praise him. Wherever I can, I'll praise him. For his love surrounds me like a sea. [Music] I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me. [Music] Wherever I go, I'll praise him. Wherever I can, I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. I'll praise the name of Jesus. Lift up the name of Jesus. For the name of Jesus lifted me. Wherever I go, I'll praise him. Wherever I am, I'll praise him for his love surrounds me like a sea. [Music] Jesus lifted me. Is that your testimony this evening? The name of Jesus lifted me. Somewhere along the line, Jesus had to come and say, "You're mine." That's going to happen in your life somewhere at some point and each one knows when it has or when it hasn't. We all want the has talked to my children many times. I've surrendered to Jesus and I look at James and says, "I show you my faith by my works." You know, and it's funny. Some people the works just go to church. Just live a Christian life. Amen. So, all I want to do be a simple, humble Christian. He'll take care of the rest. All the signs and the wonders. Do the Christian work first. Just live a Christian life. Signs follow. And I don't know why I'm going on, but praise the Lord. I love the Lord this evening. I love you. Also, someone told me a couple weeks ago, you said you love the Lord when you were praying, but you didn't say you loved us. I went back and I actually did. I did say it. So, there. Praise the Lord. If you can't love your brother or sister, how can you love Jesus whom you haven't seen? Amen. You love the Lord this evening. Amen. I love you, too. Let's pray. Father, I love you. I can look back at what I was, Father, before that precious day that's so precious in my heart, Father, where you came and you met me. Changed my life forever. I thank you for that. As we gather this evening, Lord, it's it's to give you honor, glory. May you be pleased with what you hear and what you see this evening. Lord, give us great comfort for it's a great day of darkness. Lord, we love you and we praise you. As we gather your tithes and your offerings, Father, bless the cheerful giver. Lord, bless the ministering of your word, the greatest form of worship. Bless your people, Father. And Lord, so thankful that you lifted me. You are sovereign in your revelation, Father. But we pray we hold that token dear to you, Father. Lord, that you would hear our hearts cry. Remember our children, our loved ones. Father, bless the tithes and offerings. Bless those that are streaming. Father, Lord, I don't want to forget anyone whether they're here or not. But I pray that your will would be done in our lives. Father, help me surrender more and more. I pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Sister Sarah. Yeah, Sister Sarah was coming. Y'all y'all can have your seats. [Music] I love to speak your name. And I love the unmistakable presence of you that fills the room. When I call Jesus, mountains crumble in your name. And fear and doubts are erased. There is certain change when I speak your name, Jesus. I love to speak your name and I love the unmistakable presence of you that fills the room. When I call Jesus, mountains crumble in your name and fear and doubts are erased. There is certain change when I speak your name. Jesus. I call you savior, my redeemer, my healer and my friend. You're my father, my protector. You're all of these things and more. But all power of heaven and earth is called when I speak the highest name. I said it all when I called Jesus. And I love to speak your name. And I love the unmistakable [Music] power of you that fills a room. When I call Jesus, mountains crumble in your name and fear and doubt are erased. There is certain change when I speak your name, Jesus. There is healing in your name. And there is rest. There is rest for your weary soul. There's joy in your name. There is peace, peace beyond anything. There is healing in your name. And there is rest. There is rest for your weary soul. There's joy in your name. And there is peace. Peace beyond all anything. There is healing in your name. And there is rest. There is rest for your weary soul. There's joy in your name. Unspeakable joy and peace beyond anything. There's healing, joy, rest, and there's peace when I speak your name. Jesus. I know there is certain change when I speak your name. Jesus. [Music] Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. There's just something about that name. Master, Savior Jesus, like a fragrance after the rain. Oh Jesus, Jesus, my Jesus. Let all heaven and earth proclaim. [Applause] Kings and kingdoms will all pass away. There's just something about that name. Sing it with me. Oh Jesus. Jesus. Jesus, [Music] there's just something about that name. [Applause] You're my master, my savior, my Jesus. [Music] Like a fragrance [Music] after the rain. Oh Jesus, Jesus, my sweet Jesus. Let all heaven and earth proclaim. Kings and kingdoms will all pass away. But there's just something about that name. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Guess it's a key D. Oh, what a lovely name. The name of Jesus. [Music] Reaching higher, far [Music] than the brightest star. [Music] Oh, it's sweeter than the songs they sing in heaven. Let the saints proclaim. [Music] What a lovely name. [Music] Oh, what a lovely name. The name of Jesus. Reaching higher far than the brightest star and it's sweeter than the songs they sing in heaven. Let the saints proclaim [Music] what a lovely name. Oh, there's a name above all others. Wonderful to hear. Bring hope and cheer. [Music] It's the lovely name of Jesus ever more the same. What a lovely name. [Music] Oh, what a lovely name. The name of Jesus. Reaching higher far than the brightest star. And it's sweeter than the songs they sing in heaven. Let the saints proclaim. [Music] What a lovely name. Oh, through his name there's wondous power, power to redeem, making sinners clean. By his power he cleansed the leer. [Music] Open blinded eyes. Cause the dead to rise. [Music] What a lovely name the name of Jesus. reaches higher far than the brightest star. Sweeter than the songs they sing in heaven. Let the saints proclaim what a lovely name [Music] he returning clouds of gloryy. Saints from every race shall behold his face. [Music] with him enter heaven city ever to acclaim. What a lovely name. Oh, what a lovely name. In the name of Jesus, reaching higher far than the brightest star, [Applause] sweeter than the songs they sing in heaven. Let the saints proclaim. What a lovely name. Oh, what a lovely name. The name of Jesus. Reaching higher far than the brightest star and it's sweeter than the songs they sing in heaven. Let the world proclaim. [Music] What a lovely name. [Music] Amen. Um let's uh let's let's all stand and change the order of the service and brightite invite the minister out. invite him to yield himself to the word and um let's uh let's sing in the morning when I rise key [Music] in the morning when I rise in the Morning I rise. [Applause] In the morning when I arise, give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. [Music] You can have all this world. Give me Jesus [Music] when I am afraid. [Music] Oh, when I am afraid. [Music] When I am afraid, give me Jesus. [Music] [Applause] Give me Jesus. [Music] Give me Jesus. You can have all this world. Give me Jesus. [Music] Oh, when I am alone. When I am alone, [Music] I am alone. Give me Jesus. [Music] Give me Jesus. Give me Jesus. [Music] You can have all this world. Give me Jesus. Amen. Do you mean that tonight? Is that just a chorus? You came to church and started singing and everybody else was singing or are you thinking about it? Are you considering what you're saying? Is that really what you mean? You can have all this world, but give me Jesus. Think about that. I hope you're saying it because you you meant it, not just because it sounds nice. It does sound nice. It's wonderful. It's words of life. It's words to live by. Amen. Let's pray. Father, we we come before you, Lord, and we're so thankful for your grace and your mercy to us, Lord. We're so thankful that you've called us, Lord, and and delivered us into a revealed word, Lord, that changes and transforms our lives, that makes us new creatures in Christ, Lord, that it continually as we feed on it, makes makes us more and more into the image of Jesus Christ. That's what we're here for, Lord, is to be heuned into that image, Lord. To be made more like Christ and to have more of the the the manifestation of Christ on display in and through our lives. Lord, we ask that you would do that work in us. That you would be glorified and lifted up. Lord, help us all to move ourselves out of the way and let the Holy Spirit flow through us and accomplish your purpose. Father, we commit ourselves to you. We ask these things in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you, saints. Good to be here tonight. I always miss it when I'm gone this last weekend and and traveling up to uh Dayton, Ohio. Uh ser services went well, but always like to be here at home with you all. So glad to be back and um going to be speaking on a subject that's going to kind of start a series um tonight uh called the gene of God. and and so there's probably three or four ser services that I'll need uh over who knows how long when I'll be done with it but um it's going to take me three or four services at least to do and I'm probably being very optimistic. So, um, with that said, let's turn in the scriptures to First John chapter 3, and we're going to look at verse 7. Then once I'm done with this, Ethan, if you want to pull up the PowerPoint. Little children, let no man deceive you. He that doeth righteousness is righteous, even as he is righteous. He that committh sin is of the devil. For the devil sinnth from the beginning. For this purpose the Son of God was manifested, that he might destroy the works of the devil. Whosoever is born of God doth not commit sin, for his seed remainth in him, and he cannot sin because he is born of God. In this the children of God are manifest, and the children of the devil, whosoever doeth not righteousness is not of God, neither he that loveth not his brother. Amen. May the Lord add the blessing to the reading of his word. And so you can be seated. So looking at the gene of God, we're going to look at the nature of man's life and its source as well as immortality. And then we're going to look at the injection of death and destruction that came as a result of sin. Then I want to relate that all of that back to election and the genetics of the human race and the gu from the garden of Eden all the way to the new Jerusalem. So that was our scripture we read there 1 John 3. And if you look at it and study it closely it's bringing a comparison between the children of God and the children of the devil. Right? And so here we have the children of God. They don't commit sin. Now raise your hand if you've never sinned in your whole life. Somebody laughed. And Luther raised his hand and he's looking to the blood. Amen. But each of us are are born in what? We're born in sin, shaped in iniquity. We came into the world speaking lies. We're born with a sin nature. We were born walking and living in unbelief. Right? That's what that's what sin is. Sin is unbelief. And then we had the attributes of that unbelief manifested in our life. Lying, drinking, smoking, adultery, what choose whatever direction you you you you went to. Even if you looked partially good, you're still born in sin shaped in iniquity, you're dead. And you need to be quickened by the spirit of God. And so none of us are in this condition from the moment that we're born. However, if we're looking at it, we're looking at the results, right? That's what we're looking to. And I don't want to I don't want to jump way way far ahead of myself in this topic, but I'm I'm bringing the end right here at the beginning. And so you're you're you could see where I'm going with this as we go. The two strains, the two streams, all based on election. Yeah. Though th though the Bible speaks clearly that we sin but it it never says that you are of the devil. It it makes that distinction but it says we are walking after the works of the devil. Sons and daughters of God definitely we're born in in the condition that we do walk after the works. But you don't go from being a hog to a sheep. You do have a nature change. Yes. But if you're a sheep, you're a sheep, right? You you're you're you might have been dirty and rotten and doing all the works that a pig would do was doing, but you are a l one of one of his lambs. You know, the scripture says because you are sons, he sends forth the spirit of his son into your heart. If you're not sons, then the spirit of the his son, it can't come into your heart. It's not compatible. Though you were born and you were walking after the prince of the power of the air, but you weren't of the prince of the power of the air. You just had a nature within you that came by hybridization that was in your life, injected into the human race, put pushed forward in you. But when the word of God came, there was something there that could respond. It was God's grace calling you, opening your heart, revealing himself to you so that when the spirit of God began acting and moving actively to save you, you could surrender. Amen. Not apart from his grace, not on your own, but by election, he works to open your heart and change you. Right? And so that's where we're that's where we're going with this. So let's start. We're going to look at life and immortality. Second Timothy 1 vers9. Who has saved us and called us with a holy calling, not according to our works, but according to his own purpose and grace. Amen. It's not according to what we've done. It's not according to you're a good person. You're doing good works. All your good works are filthiness in God's sight. Amen. It was it was according to his own purpose and grace that he called us which was given us in Christ Jesus before the last revival. Amen. Before the world began. So that purpose and grace was there for all eternity. before the world ever began. Amen. And so it was God who saved us. It was he who called us to that holy calling, but is now made manifest by the appearing of our savior Jesus Christ. Look what Jesus did. We saw that he came to destroy the works of the devil. In the scripture we read, it says he abolished death. Wait a minute. Why are we all still corrupting and dying and our family members are are still dying? Yeah. Doesn't matter what what we see here. He has he has done the work to abolish death. He died on the on the cross. He rose again. He he took the keys of death and hell. Death has no more power over us. It has no no more victory over us because Christ raised from the dead. Because he raised from the dead, we will raise too. Amen. He's already abolished death. Can you say amen? Can can we live like that on a daily basis and not be in fear of all these things? A death has already been abolished. Why are we afraid? Why are we worried? And not only abolished death, but he has brought life and immortality to light through the gospel. So it is through the death, burial and resurrection of Jesus Christ. And that's what everybody says, but they leave out the last part which is the part where it gets applied to us which is the baptism of the Holy Ghost by the new birth. Amen. That's that is the gospel. You can you can talk about the gospel and say I believe the gospel all day, all night, all your life, but until it's been applied by the baptism of the Holy Ghost, it doesn't bring any effect to you. Amen. I believe the gospel. Satan believes the gospel also, but you don't have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. So, you want the death, burial, and resurrection effectively applied to your life. Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? That's the question. You have to answer for yourself. I can't answer it for you. Young people, your parents can't answer it for you. You, between you and God, you have to know the answer to that question. Have I received the Holy Ghost since you believed? That's good. You started out right. You believed, but you got to continue and get the application of that belief for yourself. Amen. So through the gospel, we see life and immortality brought to light. In other words, life and immortality was once a hidden mystery. Mhm. Life and immortality. They had an idea of how it would come, but they had they didn't have the full fullness of the understanding. Different prophets, Job, Isaiah, different ones spoke about that. But really, it was never fully brought to light until Christ came and sent his apostle, the Apostle Paul. He's the one that made it clear. Amen. Jesus spoke about it, but if you read what Jesus said, you think there's just a general resurrection and the the the the good the righteous and the unrighteous will be raised up at the same time. There'll be judgment and you go in. But no, Paul gives the revelation. He he brings forward the hidden mystery that was that was there planted in the scripture to say, "Hey, there's there's there's different aspects of this resurrection." And there's a there's a people that are going to be alive on earth that are going to be changed and there's going to be people that are dead that'll be raised up and these pe these people will go and meet the Lord in the air. Only that group. See, these things weren't known, right? That wasn't understood. That was a hidden mystery in the Old Testament and it was revealed by Jesus Christ. Isn't it interesting that you say, "Well, I'm going to take what Jesus Christ said." Okay, that's what people will tell you. I'll take it over the apostles. You You're just a liar. That's what you are. Amen. Because you cannot there's there's no way you can go to the scripture and say, "Well, Jesus Christ abolished death and brought life and immortality to light through the gospel." 100% true. But remember that the revelation of the mystery didn't even come through the 12 disciples that were with him. Uhhuh. It came through an apostle that was out of due season. Born out of due season. He he he was called. He was anointed. He was sent with a message apart from and separate and distinct from all of those 11 apostles. Yeah. And so these again, these are important points. If you for fast forward from the first church age to the seventh church age, one born out of due season, not under the Pentecostal revival, Elijah, man in the spirit of Elijah to to restore us back to these hidden mysteries. Yeah. That Paul brought out. Man, if I preach like this, it's going to take 17 services to go through it. So, so the point I'm trying to bring out here and and and show is God by revelation has made known to us this understanding, right, of life and immortality. Amen. And so it was it was hidden now by the gospel. We know what it is. G Jesus life acted it out. Paul revealed what it was in detail and then those things got left off hidden and then the seventh church age messenger brought us back to what Paul unveiled. So let's go to the beginning. And the Lord God commanded this is Genesis 2:16-1 17. He commanded the man, saying, "Of every tree of the garden, thou mayest freely eat." And I'm really going to try hard not to get stuck on serpent seed when I'm going through this, but you never know what happens. Of every tree of the garden, thou mayest freely eat. But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it. For in the day thou eatest thereof, thou shalt surely die. So this is the that's the point that I want to get to is this is the punishment. Yeah. death, right? That is what if you sin, you're going to die. It didn't say if you sin, you're going to burn in hell for eternity. The punishment is death. Amen. God is removing immortality. So, Adam was created with immortality, right? He was only subject to death if he ate of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. Again, it's not eternal conscious punishment being tormented in a burning hell. It says, "The day you eat thereof, that day you will die." Amen. So Adam ate of the tree. They both ate of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. And this resulted in inherited death and inherited sin nature for the human race and as a result inherited condemnation. Yes. Let's look at some of the scriptures speak about that. 1 Corinthians 15 21 and 22. For since by man came death, by man came also the resurrection of the dead. For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive. Amen. Amen. Romans 5:12, wherefore as by one man sin entered the into the world and death by sin and so death passed upon all men for that all have sinned. Right? So they're they're saying they're he he's bringing this together. All have sinned and receive condemnation, but they all sin because they were in Adam and sin passed into him. So death comes to us, condemnation comes to us because we are bound to come to that sin no matter what. We have that nature. Romans 15:16-19. Whenever I'm making the PowerPoints, I always struggle to know if everybody's going to be able to see it. So I hope I hope it's all right for most of you. If you're aged like brother Luther, he might have to move up to the front. Romans 5:16-19. And not as it was by one that sinned, so is the gift. For the judgment was by one to condemnation. You see that right there? The judgment was on Adam. And the result for you and I that come from Adam is condemnation. Yeah. So in other words, Adam is the head was is the head the original head of all mankind. And when he sinned, we sinned in him. And so sin was imputed from Adam to us. Right. But not only sin, a sin nature. Sure. and uh and the condemnation that comes with it. What is the condemnation? Death. We're all condemned to die. Yeah. Even if you never even reach the age of accountability as a baby, you're still going to you'll you can die before you reach the age of accountability because that is imputed to you. Mhm. For if by one man's offense death reign by one, much more they which receive abundance of grace and of the gift of righteousness shall reign in life by one Jesus Christ. Now this is where universalists take this and isolated against the rest of the scripture. They say, "See, everyone was in Adam died." And so, everyone that's in Jesus Christ will be made alive whether they know it or not because it it wasn't whether Adam you you didn't know what happened. It was just imputed to you. So Jesus became the replacement head of mankind. And because of that, everybody's saved regardless of what that's what the church down the road on Ladies Island, that's what they believe in, the universalists, and that's what they think. But of course, you have to throw away the rest of the Bible. Amen. And of course, maybe if you didn't understand serpent seed and how that interacts with predestination, then you might come to that understanding, incorrect understanding. Where did I quit? I knew I didn't finish that. Therefore, as by the offense of one, judgment came upon all men to condemnation. Even so, by the righteousness of one, the free gift came upon all men unto justification of life. It says all men, everyone saved. I've talked to people that's that's their line of reasoning. Okay, fantastic. So, let's read the rest of the Bible. What about the fellow that lifted up his eyes in hell? Was he saved? For as by one man's disobedience many were made sinners, so by the obedience of one shall many be made righteous. Paul is trying to point out imputate imputed sin, imputed righteousness. You know what imputation means? It means to take what's what belongs to someone else and put it on someone else. If just like Christ, he he was righteous and by faith we receive him. We we receive his righteousness. Right. Right. When Adam sinned, we receive everything that he got. Everything that Adam got because Adam's the head of the human race. Amen. So everything that Adam did and got, we we are the we are the beneficiaries of which I don't want to be the beneficiaries of that. But we have no choice. That's what that's the condition we're born in. But thank God another one came. God made a plan of redemption. He replaced Adam with a new head of of the elected seed of God so that we in him would be made righteous. Not because of anything we've done. We're it's already done. As brother Luther raised his hand, I've never sinned one day in my life. No, not because of me, but because of what God has declared over me through Jesus Christ. That's been imputed to you. It's on It's already on your account. It was on your account long before you were a twinkle in your mom and dad's eye. So here we see also um in addition, you know, when we're looking at this and we're talking about death being the punishment, uh we're not trying to say there's no such thing as a literal hell or a lit literal place of punishment that a person goes to when they die. You know, in in some uh understanding, the people believe that when you die, your soul goes to sleep. Whether you're righteous or unrighteous, your soul goes to sleep, and you're just awaiting the resurrection, and then some will be thrown into the lake of fire, which is a second death, and they die, go out of existence, and then the others will come be raised to life. some some different denominations even Martin Luther believe that after a sort um soul sleep some some Presbyterians and John Calvin and different ones had that understanding but you we can't get to that understanding from scripture see in the Old Testament there's scriptures that you can read and you might think you know I will I praise you when I'm in the grave David says that and there's other scriptures that you could read and say oh I must sleep when I when I when I Why? I must I must uh just go to sleep and there's nothing and I don't know anything. Even Job alludes to something like this as well. But it's because life and immortality was a mystery to them. They didn't h have a full understanding. They had a partial understanding. Certainly the body goes to sleep and for from the perspective of the living, the dead's not doing nothing. But that's not go from God's perspective. Right. And so we we understand uh from scripture that in the Old Testament days under that dispensation from Adam all the way to Christ that there was two sections of what we call the grave or um of uh uh one was called paradise. That's where the righteous went to. This was in the in the heart of the earth. The Bible speaks of that. And one section was torment. This was there when Christ raised from the dead. Those people that were in many of the dead, many of them that slept raised up with Christ at the resurrection. Says he led captivity captive, gave gifts up to men. He he took them with him. When he went when he ascended to heaven, those saints that slept ascended up to heaven with him. That paradise emptied out. The prophet says, "Yeah, and they they went there, but hell didn't. The place of torment didn't. Those people are still there." So, let's read that. Luke 16 19-23. There was a certain rich man which was clothed in purple and fine linen, and fair fared sumptuously every day. Then there was a certain beggar named Lazarus, which laid at his gate full of sores, and desiring to be fed with the crumbs which fell from the rich man's table. Moreover, the dogs came and licked his soores. And it came to pass that the beggar died and was carried by the angels into Abraham's bosom. See, this is that section of in the in the heart of the earth called paradise or Abraham's bosom. Amen. The rich man also died and was buried. And in hell he lift up his eyes being in torments and seeth Abraham a far off and Lazarus in his bosom. So somehow this man, this rich man in hell is able to see across this gulf and see what the Can you imagine the torment being in hell and looking across and seeing someone just relaxing with Abraham just enjoying himself and he's there in hell being in torment. This is a real place. They don't want you to preach about hell anymore in this this day and age. But this is hell. This is the punishment that a person's get if their blood if their sins are not covered by the blood of Jesus Christ. Amen. If this is what people people that say, "I want to get what I deserve." This is what they get. This is what they deserve. Being in torment. And he cried and said, "Father Abraham, have mercy on me and send Lazarus that he may dip the tip of his finger in water and cool my tongue, for I am tormented in this flame." So, this is a man, he's in hell, and he has a memory of his life on earth. He remembers what happened on Earth. And um Siri, you found something on the web. Congratulations. Um, usually usually Siri tells me she doesn't understand. So, sorry Siri, it takes a revelation. So So here he has a memory of his life on earth. He sees a man that he knew uh enjoying himself. Yeah. Amen. And he says, "Dip, please have have mercy on me. Dip the tip of his finger in water and cool my tongue, for I am tormented in this flame." But Abraham said, "Son, remember that thou in thy lifetime receivest thy thy good things, and likewise Lazarus evil things. But now he is comforted, and thou art tormented." And besides all this, between us and you there is a great gulf fixed, so that they which would pass from hence to you cannot, neither can they pass to us that would come from thence. Then he said, I I pray thee therefore, father, that thou wouldest send him to my father's house. Now you see a man in hell realizing there's no hope for him. So he says, please help my family. So he has memory of himself. He has memory of his relation to his family and even has a desire deliver that my family from this torment because they're on the same road that I wound up in this place on. Amen. For I have five brethren that they he may testify unto them, lest they also come into this place of torment. Abraham saith unto him, they have Moses and the prophets. let them hear them. And he said, "Nay, Father Abraham, but if one went unto them from the dead, they will repent." And he said unto him, "If they hear not Moses and the prophets, neither will they be persuaded, though one rose from the dead." If the word has no impact on you, a supernatural uh vindication is also not going to have any impact on you. That's right. Amen. They have the word. What did G what did what was said? They have the word. Yeah. They can read this in the word that there's a synagogue down the road. They can listen to it. And if they believe that, they'll enter into paradise, but if they keep living the way they are and refuse to repent, they will end up in torment. And so will you. If you don't repent and give your life completely to Christ and be fully covered by the blood of Jesus Christ and filled with the Holy Ghost, same results. Yeah. Same results. We You have the word. You heard the word preached. Even if someone's raised from the dead and comes testifies to you, supernatural things happen at this church all the time. If that has If the word don't have impact, that's not going to have any impact either. Let the word that's being proclaimed have its impact. Respond to it. Repent. Give your soul to God. Amen. Otherwise, torment. Amen. So as we read there in scripture, there's certainly a place of punishment. But nevertheless, that never changes the fact that the final punishment for sin is ultimately death. And death and hell will be cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death. The picture that the orthodox theological world gives you is that all souls are immortal. All souls have eternal life and they will be around for all eternity. The soul will either go to hell in conscious torment for all of eternity or the soul will go into paradise for all eternity. But this is not the picture that the Bible gives us. That's right. And I I have no desire to lessen the impact of the fact that hell is a place of torment and it's a place that no one wants to end up at. Amen. Nevertheless, the soul will certainly be annihilated. If you don't have etern there's only one form of eternal life. If you don't have that eternal life dwelling in you from that the very life of God, then you ca you cannot continue to exist for all of eternity. You will go out of ex existence, but you will be punished according to your works. Scriptur is very clear on that. The devil will be punished for millions or billions a year. The prophet says other people will be punished for I don't know how long. God is a just God. Yeah. He He gives an eye for an eye. He will punish you according to your works. But but don't think, well, I was a really good person. I'll only spend 13 minutes in hell. I don't want to spend any time in torment, right? Amen. Why Why would you Why would you do that when God is offering mercy? Every Wednesday and Sunday, every Thursday, every Friday, every sat, every day, God is continually If you're still here on earth, he's offering you mercy. Did the sun rise? Did your car start? Could you eat some food? Yeah. Did it rain? Did it rain on the plants? Oh, did you breathe air? Amen. Yeah. Then God is showing mercy. So respond to him. Yeah. Before it's too late. So one thing that you see, and I'm sorry if that's hard to read. Does does all mankind have an immortal soul? So let's look at scriptures. There's two words used to speak of immortality in the Greek New Testament. One is speaking of undeaying and the other is speaking of deathlessness. Here's the first one. Aparos Aparosia means unccorruptability or unending existence. Romans 2:7. to them who by patient continuence in welloing seek for glory and honor and immortality eternal life. Then 1 Corinthians 15:53, for this corruptible must put on incorruption, and this mortal must put on immortality. So you see in 53 it has the two two ver in the same verse, it has the two different words that are translated as immortal right in it. So the mortal must put on immortality. It doesn't say the mortal is immortal. Says the mortal has to put on immortality. The corruptible must put on incorruption. Romans 2 says for those who by patient continuence in welloing seek glory and honor and immortality. It doesn't say they're de facto immortal. Again, it's easy for the Christian world and theologians to come up with doctrines apart from scripture. Oh man, they come up, they write huge books on systematic theology showing that there's immortal souls and they speak about this and talk about this, but it's not a scriptural even scriptural terminology. 1 Corinthians 15:54. So when this corruptible shall have put on incorruption, and this mortal shall have put on immortality, then shall be brought to pass the saying that is written, death is swallowed up in victory. Verse 52 is another one. In a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trump, for the trumpet shall sound, and the dead shall be raised incorruptible. 1 Peter 1:4 to an inheritance incorruptible and undefiled and that fadeth not away reserved in heaven for you. Then here's that other word that's used. Athartos means undecaying, being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible by the word of God, which liveth and abideth forever. Never is the terminology immortal or incorruptible applied to the state of a condemned sinner. It's never used in reference to a to a sinner. First Timothy, did I just stay in one place and keep going? Can we I wish we brain keep working. All right. 1 Timothy 6:16, "Who only soul, single, alone, hath immortality, dwelling in the light which no man can approach unto, whom no man has seen, nor can see, to whom be honor and power everlasting." So God alone has immortality. God alone has eternal life. John 5:26, "For as the Father hath life in himself." Keep up, Dears, Ethan, you can help me out back there, too. For as the Father hath life in himself, so hath he given to the Son to have life in himself. So God has eternal life. He places that life in his son. 1 John 5:12, he that hath the son hath life. Now, if you have the son, you have that immortal eternal life. Amen. He that hath not the son of God has not that immortal eternal life. Immortal, as we've we as we've just said, you can relate immortality back to eternal life. Yeah. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. So again, it's a gift. This is a gift. For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Eternal life, immortality is a gift from God. Amen. It's not the default for every human being that's born. It's a gift. Brother Brandham says, "Everything," this is in thirsting for life, 1957, "Everything that has a beginning has an end, and it's things that has no beginning that has no end. And there's only one eternal life, that's in God." Amen. All other life has an end. Amen. But God has no end because he has no beginning. And we being parts of God have eternal life with God. But everything that has any other type of life had a beginning. It has an end. Only eternal things laugh last. Now the word forever comes in a conjunction forever and forever. Forever is a space of time. But eternity is no begin or or end. It's just a perfect circle. There's no end in it at all. It's eternity forever. Like you see forever and conjunction forever, two spaces of time. But eternity and eternal life means the same thing. See, it's in the same category that it had no begin, neither does it have an end. It's forever the same, ever was and ever will be the same. Amen. So the English definition that brother Brandham applied to eternal is no beginning and no ending. See, he says the word eternal means eternity, which had no begin, has no end. So, let's examine. See, we're at 8:15. We're going to try to make it to the end of examining the words that are translated as eternal in the New Testament. So, there's two different words. We're going to look at those. We're going to look at every instance in the New Testament and we're going to translate it as though it me is it means eternal every single time. So you're going to see how absurd that is. Here is ion. It means properly an age. Notice that's the very first definition that they gives here. properly in age by extension perpetuity by implication the world specifically Jewish a messianic period present or future and then then they go on to list each way that it's translated in the Greek New Testament age course eternal forever more beginning of the while the world began without end okay So, how can it be all of those things at the same time? Seems strange. They're they're they're all completely different meanings. So, let's look at it. Colossians 1:26. Even the mystery which hath been hid from ages and from generations, but now is made manifest to his saints. Even the mystery which has been hid from eternity. Does that make sense? The mystery was hid from eternity. know the ages. This is the word ion from ages and generations. Both these words have reference to a period of time. Ephesians 1:21 far above all principality and power and might and dominion in every name that is named not only in this eternity but also in that which is to come. doesn't make sense in this world or you could say in this age and al but also in that which is to come. 2 Timothy 4:10 for Deus has forsaken me having loved this present eternity. Huh? How do you have a present eternity? You can't you can't have a present eternity. Eternity has no beginning and no ending. So here at this present age, 1 Corinthians 2:7, but we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom which God ordained before eternity to our glory. Does it work? No. No, it doesn't. Before the ages. That's what this is. Yeah. Hebrews 5:6. as he saith al saith also in another place, thou art a priest for eternity after the order of Melkazedc. Again, he's not a priest for eternity. He's a priest for redemption. That ministry of priesthood comes to an end. Yeah. Turns from priesthood to to be a king. That's right. So, this is for here. Here it's forever, which is a period of time. Yeah. Matthew 13:40. As therefore the tears are gathered and burned in the fire, so it it shall be in the end of eternity. Does it work? Doesn't work. So shall it be in the end of the age. All right. So those those are those words ion. Here is Ionios. They are definition is without beginning and end that which has been and always will be. See, there's uh the definition that we're looking at without beginning, without end, never to cease, everlasting. That's the definition that they get. And I'm going to show you be careful at looking at the definition in Strong's concordance and the because the scripture does not bear that. This is the meaning. It's directly connected to the last word that we used second Peter 1:11. And for so an entrance shall be ministered unto you abundantly into the eternal kingdom of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. 1 Corinthians 15. We understand there's a time where the son submits the kingdom back to the father. That's when we go from the millennium. That's right. That's the kingdom of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ when he sits on the throne of his father David. Then the end comes and there's a new heaven and a new earth and a new Jerusalem. There's an end to the king the kingly work of Christ. Romans 16:25. Now to him that is of power to establish you according to my gospel and the preaching of Jesus Christ according to the revelation of the mystery which was kept secret since eternity began. Again, this word which means has no beginning and no ending is directly connected by the apostle to a word that me has literally began since the ages began since the creation of the world. That's what it's referring to. Jude 1:7, even as Sodom and Gomorrah and the cities about them in like manner, giving themselves over to fornication and going after strange flesh are set forth for an example, some suffering the inven. So I have a question. If they're suffering the vengeance of eternal fire, in other words, they're still being tormented. Sodom and Gomorrah is still being burned. Where is it? Why can no one find it? Right. It should be very easy to find with a satellite. There's a place that's burning with sulfur and ashes. H somewhere in the Middle East. Really tough to find. No, the fire was eternal because it was God. But what did that eternal fire do? In an instant burned up that city. Uhhuh. Amen. So there's eternal fire for you. Yeah. Matthew 25:46. And again, and these shall go away into everlasting punishment, but the righteous into life eternal. If you look up the Strongs, everlasting and eternal are the exact same word, ionios. So if life is eternal, that's this is what theologians say. If life is eternal, then punishment also must be eternal. But I submit to you based on everything that we've read is that we have to understand the context. First you understand the context of the verse, right? You can't say since eternity began because it don't make any sense. It's a logical contradiction. You have to say since the ages began, right? And so here we have eternal punishment and eternal life. Well, the punishment is eternal. He makes his judgment and it never changes. But that doesn't tell us is it conscious eternal torment. That's a different answer. That's a different question. Those are two different things. Life eternal. We have to understand what life eternal is based on the context of the rest of scripture. Amen. Does that mean we just live for a thousand years and then we're we we die? Or does that mean we will live with no end? Well, scripture will reveal what it is. So, we've explained this already. Those there are two words in the Greek translated as eternal. It depends on the context. What does it mean? If does it mean an age? Does it mean a something that has a beginning and ending? Does it mean something that has no beginning and no ending? As you even saw in the first definition, they had so many definitions that completely contradict themselves. So, it's a word that is open to interpretation based on the context. Not open to whatever we want it to say. Right. Scripture doesn't work like that. First, you have to understand, and that's why brother Brandham makes the point over and over again, it has to dovetail from Genesis to Revelation. You can't take one scripture isolated against the rest of the Bible and say, "See, I told you so. You didn't tell me anything." Because you're just looking at one Bible verse, and you have to look at the whole of Re Revelation, the whole of redemption history, the the whole the whole all of it to be consistent. you know, I'm going to I'm going to call the musicians up and uh start to close. So again, if it if eternal if ionios is used in conjun conjunction with God or with life or with the almighty or a quality of the almighty, we can understand it means it never had a beginning, it never has an end, right? But if it's speaking of something that has to do with time, then we also we also understand that you can't make it eternal. The context is very clear and actually very easy to understand. And so when you're looking at this, I've never I've still not seen a scripture that says that a sinner under condemnation lives for all of eternity. Musicians, come on up. I wasn't kidding around. And so it's it we went through them. It's easy, very clear to understand. The next thing I want to go into, I just this if I went into it, it would take another half an hour and I I don't want to uh do that. This is a lot of material and I don't want to overwhelm. But um the next thing I want to look start to look at is the scriptures that speak clearly that Jesus speaks directly about hell. So that we can see that and relate it back and say, okay, is is Jesus really is Jesus or the apostles is the Old Testament really telling us about an eternal hell that has no ending? We'll we'll look into that. No, it's not. I'll tell you that already. But we want to see it in the scriptures because many people will bring you many ideas and thoughts and they'll take the scripture and you'll get you'll get so nervous. I don't know how to answer. Well, the Lord has answers for all of it. Amen. And most of it is very simple and easy to understand. You know, one one that Well, I'm not going to go there. Just let's let's stand up and pray. Father, we we thank you so much for your goodness. Lord, we thank you so much for for your word. Lord, I I can say I can testify, oh Lord, I would be in so much confusion if you hadn't sent sent a prophet in this day. Lord, I thank you, Lord, that in such a humble way, you brought to us this truth. Lord, even Lord, doing it in such a way that you would make us humble ourselves. Lord, it's just the way you did all through scripture. [Music] You didn't bring a message through some great theologian. You didn't bring it through a doctor of divinity, but you took a life. What encouragement this is to us, Lord. I thank you for it. You took a life, a humble life. Born in a place that most of us wouldn't want to be born in. Raised in a way that we probably wouldn't want to be raised in, Lord. Right in the midst of all kinds of terrible things, Lord. and you protected that life and you molded that life and you shaped that life but you kept it so humble Lord to bring such an incredible rich glorious beautiful incredible revelation to our hearts [Music] and yet many pass right over it. You just like the scripture says, "We thank you, Father. You've hid these things from the wise and prudent, and you've revealed them to babes as such as would learn." Lord, thank you for your grace. Thank you for giving us eyes to see and ears to hear. Lord, amen. Pray that you'd continue to teach us, Lord. Help us to be a light to this little area, Father, to this community. May you anoint us, Lord, to be witnesses and to testify of the things you're doing in this hour. We ask these things in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. [Music] Think about his goodness. Think about his grace that brought us through. [Music] For as high as the heavens above, [Music] great is the measure of our father's love. [Music] Great is the measure of our father's love. Amen. Think about his love verse. Think about his love. [Music] Think about his goodness. [Music] Think about his grace that brought us through. [Music] For as high as the heavens above, [Music] great is the measure of our Father's love. [Music] Great is the measure of our Father's love. Amen. Let's Let's come forward. I don't have any uh prayer requests yet. I don't know if Brother Jason has any that he's going to quickly forward on to me, but I know there's prayer requests. We all have them. But um we'll give a time to testify as well. If anybody has a prayer request that you'd like to make known now, Jason, go ahead and do that. Um, so there's a brother in Arizona, brother uh Neil Mdd um in his 50s, fairly young, had a um the air arch right out of his heart basically blew up and it um dumped a bunch of broken tissue throughout his body and created blockages which gathered his extremities. And um the doctors have basically said he's going to die and if he doesn't they're going to have to amputate his hands and feet and the end of his nose and all kinds of horrible stuff. Oh my. And um everyone out there is praying earnestly for this brother. And I it's been on my heart real strong. And um we're just not accepting that at all for this brother cuz I mean this to have this man have his hands and feet cut off that's just not acceptable. Amen. So if we could pray for that. Amen. Amen. or that Michael had his hand up and we'll get Sister Emily. Yeah. Um, mine's not an emergency like that's all right. I defer to that. But this uh event that happened at my house this past week really made trees fell down after the fact also. Oh my. That's another four grand I got to pump out to and um you know I wouldn't take it back. You know it was a blessing to be able to do something. I just I just need a way forward. Amen. We'll be praying. Amen. Oh my. Is that brother Don? Yeah. Oh my. Wow. Oh my. And how is your nephew doing? Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Wonderful. And brother Luther had a request for his son. He has a surgery for a broken jaw this Friday. Um asking prayer that it goes well. Prayer for healing. Amen. Well, Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And it's the Bible says if we pray agreeing two or three of you agreeing on anything, it'll be done. So, let's let's just I'm going to say I'm going to agree that that God is going to solve brother Michael's problem there. Going to take care of that. How many agree that God's going to take I believe that. And what's the brother's name again? Brother Neil M. Brother Neil. God's going to take care of brother Neil. He's going to heal him. You agree? Yeah. Amen. You agree? Amen. And God's going to take care of brother Luther's son. Bring him through. and he's going to take care of brother Don uh Chrisman there that cancer. You agree? Amen. Let's lift our hands and pray. Heavenly Father, we come to you, Lord. We're believers, and you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. Lord, you do mighty works in this earth, Lord. You're still a supernatural God. Contrary to what many say, they don't believe in miracles. They don't believe that the supernatural power of God and but we we believe Lord. We've seen the supernatural power of that you've done for us in our own lives, Lord. We we've seen it, Lord. And we've heard the testimonies. No doubt we'll have testimonies tonight of your supernatural power of God. Lord, we thank you for that. So, we're believing for brother Don, for brother Neil, for brother Luther's son, for brother Michael, for any other request, the things that are on people's hearts and in their minds that they're thinking about and they're making known to you. Lord, we're we're believing for total healing, total deliverance, Lord, for total for provision for all of these things, Lord. Lord, for for the for the brokenhearted, Lord, maybe here, maybe listening on the internet. Lord, I I curse those demons in the name of Jesus Christ. I cast them out in the name of Jesus Christ. Give them strength, Lord. Give them healing. Help them to be overcomers, Lord, in this hour. Lord, be with us, Father. Be glorified amongst us, Father. Bu increase our faith. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Any testimonies tonight? Sister Emily. [Music] So, uh Wesley, my nephew, he was one of the groomsmen at the wedding. It was the tall blonde. Um him and his girlfriend uh were up in northern Idaho just like a day or two after the wedding and rolled a pickup truck head over heels or whatever end over endow into a icy river and um he was ejected out of the passenger window and um he it's just a miracle that he's alive. He um busted up his arm and they had to climb up this um bank to get to a car to wave a car down and um get get him took him all night to get to a hospital that would that would do surgery. So, he was bleeding and he's does have some PTSD about it. He's just um it's playing in his mind. So, some emotional problems, but he's alive and well. And my mom said, "Well, about three years ago, I was praying for my family that God would God would deal with our family." And it's been like a lot of stuff going on with our family, but um he about a month ago, he told my dad that he wanted to serve God. And he asked for a Bible. And his girlfriend is a nominal Christian. And my sister said that um even just here at the airport, she got food and she said, "Grab his hand." And she's like, "Let's pray for our food, Wesley." and he's lived in a household that's been um a worldly household. But anyway, it's just God's moving and it's a miracle that he's alive and I'm it was a miracle that he was at the wedding and it's just he's a special kid. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] God bless you. Um, I have a chop saw and if anybody knows when you're working on a chops or anything, it has a guard that when you pick it up, the guard comes down and covers the blade. When you pull it down, the guard comes up, the blade engages the wood or whatever you're cutting. Well, my guard was a little messed up. So, I was basically I was trying to hold it up while I was cutting and then it got stuck up. So, I was like, "Okay, we're good. I can just But that's not what happened. Now this guard is like 8 inch plastic covers the thing and as I went down to cut it dropped down and the thing just kind of exploded. Went everywhere. I was standing right there and I I didn't think all I heard was a noise. I didn't see anything. Didn't get hit with anything. Um I was probably picking up pieces for a couple of days. picked up piece on the other side of the garage, outside the door, but I was standing right there and it I was just I didn't really realize at the time, but I was just like, "Thank you, Jesus." I could have been, you know, cut a little bit, cut a lot, but I didn't get cut at all. Praise the Lord. [Applause] I just have a quick testimony. I was going into Charleston this morning alone and um some of the traffic was right over a crest and they had all suddenly slammed on their brakes. So I started slamming on merry brakes and I was within a very tiny bit of hitting the car in front of me. But thank thankfully I stopped dead and so I'm just thankful that the Lord protected me and my vehicle. Amen. Praise the Lord. Any others? [Music] Can we sing? Uh, let's just worship the Lord before we go. I love you, Lord. I love you, Lord. And I lift my voice to worship you, oh my soul. Rejoice, [Music] take joy, my king, in what you hear. Let it be a sweet sweet sound in your Oh, worship him tonight. Hallelujah. Amen. I love you, Lord, and I live my voice to worship you. Oh my soul, rejoice. Take joy my king in what you hear. May it be a sweet, sweet sound in your knees. Sing that song. There's none like you. There's none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. [Music] I can search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. Sing it again. There is none like you. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I could search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. Amen. Heavenly Father, as we dismiss, may we be filled with the Holy Spirit, filled with love, filled with your presence. Lord, truly there's none like you. We thank you for that, Lord. We thank you that we know you in spirit and in truth, Lord. go before us Lord. Protect each one. Keep your hand upon our lives. Father, be glorified amongst us. We ask in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Greet one another. God bless you. Reminder, there's 30 right here and a youth meeting 6:00 on Friday night at Brother Brad at Sister Sarah's house. Uh that's senior youth 13 and up. God bless you all. No one else can touch my heart like you do. I can search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. There is none like you. Jesus, no one else can touch my heart like you do. I could search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. flow like the river wine. Healing comes from your hand. Suffering children are safe in your arms. There is none like you. There is none like you, Jesus. No one else can touch a heart like you do. I can search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. There is none like you. [Music] No one else can touch my heart like you do. I can search for all eternity long and find there is none like you. Your mercies flow like a river. [Music]
