################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-02-27 - Sister Jean Watkins Testimony Part 3 - Jean Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2023-02-27
Title:    Sister Jean Watkins Testimony Part 3
Speaker:  Jean Watkins
Church:   Bethel Tabernacle
Type:     Testimony Service
Duration: 55m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BuascSgYa0M
========================================

Description:
Sister Jean Watkins Testimony Part 3
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Yeah. How many with raise your hands recognize this picture? Do you know who it is? It's brother Brandham and the pillar of fire. I don't know why. In 1964, God honored us privileged to sit in some of those meetings with brother Brown. I can't I can't tell a lot that some people can tell like brother Eddie Biscoll's testimony is awesome. But I want to share with y'all what what we did uh do. And the first meeting we was in was in Birmingham, Alabama. And u I think uh Ethan's got a picture back there. Uh we went to two meetings spiritual sp wrong picture. Ethan. Yeah, that picture, that's what Jason's face looked like. You see it's red. That's blood. And uh we took him to the doctor. He had eczema. There's no cure for eczema. Not then, not now. So when we got to the meetings in Birmingham, we want wanted to have Jason prayed for. And so my husband, brother Eddie, got a prayer card, but unbeknownst to us, Brother Brandham had already used the prayer cards. So the first night he preached, uh, we heard was spiritual amnesia. And when brother Brandon walked out on that platform, now we come from a very small 30, 40 people church, hundreds packed out. All I could think was, he speaks with such authority. I didn't even understand that. I do now, but I didn't then. But I knew he spoke with such authority. So the next night, which was Sunday, he preached um the trial. And after he preached the trial, then he called up all the ministers to line up and and including himself. And the people passed through to be prayed for. Well, Brother Eddie had a prayer card, but he wasn't any good. And so we were disappointed, but he went through the prayer line and he said when he got up to brother Brandham, Brother Brandham pulled him up to him and said, "You believe, don't you, son?" He said, "Yes, sir, I do." Now, we're very young Christians. We're very young message believers. We're very young. We weren't no older than some of you kids sitting here at that time, even though we were married and had two kids. So after that, that was in April 1964. Well, our little church it, you know, Ashley, back then there was very few message churches. I mean, we've got quite a few now, but back then there were very few. And the very few that there were was very small churches, 30, 40 people. So the the pastor we was under was a real believer, but he was limited. So we were hungry. We want to know more about this great thing God had done. From the first time we heard it, we believed it and it has been uh it's kept me all my life and I'm 82 years old. It's kept me all my life and I was in my early 20s. So my husband said, "We're moving to Jeffersonville. We want to find out more about this." And so we moved to Jeffersonville. Oh, I I I forgot I was looking at his picture. So when that was on Sunday afternoon, Brother Eddie went through the prayer line. Well, the next day was Monday when we got home. My sister Connie and our cousin Brenda had kept Lisa and Jason at our home in North Carolina. This was Birmingham, Alabama. And as soon as we walked in, I seen he was healed. And I said, "When did his face start getting better?" And she said, "Yesterday for church, it was bleeding." You can see the That's not Jason, but that's the way his face was. it bled. And she said, "But all of a sudden, yesterday afternoon, it got well. God healed him when he went through that. Jason Jason went I mean Eddie went through that prayer line." So then [cough] that was in April. And then in July, we moved to Jeffersonville. And we got there, we found a little, we only took our essentials. We found this little single wide trailer in his little trailer park. And they let brother Eddie work to pay the rent, give a little money till he could find a job. He was a good worker. He never had a problem find a job. So the first service we was in was Feast of the Trumpets. And during Feast of the Trumpets, um Ethan, are you showing the pictures, honey? It that's that picture was taken when we were on our way to Jeffersonville, Indiana. We stopped there and took them pictures. That's Jason sitting up there and that's Lisa holding him. So in July we moved to Jeffersonville and found that little trailer and then the first service we was in Feast of the Trumpets and during Feast of the Trumpets, Brother Sydney Jackson and his wife from South Africa were there. And I believe Brother [clears throat] Brandham said they got baptized while they were there. I I met I heard brother Sydney's testimony in person and it it was awesome. So anyway, brother Brandham preached Feast of the Trumpets. So after feast of the trumpets, we sent word back home. Brother Brandon preached Feast of the Trumpets. There is there no he did not preach Feast of the Trumpets. They're just young. They don't know what they're doing. They don't know what they're talking about. we got to send somebody up there to find out what these kids he he did not preach feasts of the trumpets. So they said, "Sister Gray and Sister Gray is an older sister, [clears throat] become a lifelong friend, a dear friend of ours." And she come up there to investigate. And what had happened, Brother Brandham was scheduled that summer, and he was in Jeffersonville that summer, and that's the summer we were there. He was going to Africa. That was where his heart was if he could. And if he couldn't, then [clears throat] he was going to preach the seven trumpets, seven nights. And so they wouldn't let him into Africa, an uprising. Some of the missionaries were killed, so they wouldn't let him go, amongst other things. And um then he looked around to try to find a place to hold the feast of the trumpets because the tabernacle itself held about maybe 500 people. Uh and I mean crammed in there. I don't know if you could got more than 500 or not. Jason, maybe you know. But anyway, uh uh he he couldn't find a place to have it and he wondered why. And he looked everywhere. And then he prayed. He said, "Lord, why can I not preach those feasts?" So that there was seven of them. Why can't I preach them? I didn't get to go to Africa. I told the people I'm going to preach them. And the Lord revealed to him they weren't for us. They were for Israel. the seals were for us. So when he preached Feast of the Trumpets, he did preach Feast of the Trumpets. So we were right. And the people found out, yep, he did just in one service. So the next day, Sister Gray, she's out riding around. We're out riding around with her. And she goes down Euing Lane. Now, Euing Lane is is where Brother Brandham's house is. Even today, that house is there. beside his house, his brother and sister Banks Woods, just big yard between them and she drove into the woods's driveway. She got out of the car. We followed her and walked kind of around the back of the house and there was some sisters back there talking and fell the beautiful day. And um so she began talking. We kind of stood back and found out one of them was Sister Mida Brandom. And when we found out it was Sister Mida Brandom, we began telling her about Jason being healed in the Birmingham meetings. That is sister Ma and brother Brham. And um so anyway, we told her all about that and the next service was recognizing your day and its message. And if you go back on that tape, brother Brandham tells that he said there were some people there yesterday been in the Birmingham meetings at the Woods's house talking to Sister Me and him telling them about little children being healed. That little children was Jason. So that was just a blessing. You know, he didn't know our names. He didn't know us, but he told the story. [clears throat] So then we were there when he preached Future Home. If you've never heard Future Home, it's one of my favorite. It might be my favorite because it tells where we're where our future home is and I loved it. We were there for that. Then then he we were there for proving his word. I I can't remember just every little thing. I know the first service we were there, we we were on the right hand side of the church and we didn't know no anybody. We were total strangers, but we recognized brother Levale. We knew brother Lee Vale. We we had met him and we also saw Brother Wei. Now, Brother Wei is the one that dropped dead with a heart attack while brother Brandham was preaching. And you can hear it on tape where he drops dead and brother Brandham goes out prays for him and he comes back to life. Brother Way lived many, many, many years. He lived to be a real old man. And so God completely healed him. Then [clears throat] so we were there for proving his word. And what happened at the Brandom Tabernacle the you got two doors on the back. Some of you been there, some of you haven't. One door on each side, double doors in the front. So we always stood on the right except that I mean on the left. And we were always early. If you didn't get there early, you didn't have a hope of getting a seat because it only held so many people. We were always there early and we had two small children and we would stand there in line. They kept the doors locked. You couldn't go inside. And we would stand there in line with other early people until time for the services. And as we're standing there, more and more people are coming. I don't know how many cuz they're coming at every door. And the door we're at, more and more people, you can hear people talking. You know how we all get together and talk and all like that. And all of a sudden, you hear foot footsteps coming in the Brandham Tabernacle. And when you hear them footsteps, everybody gets quiet. And then there's a an excitement arising almost like get ready, set, go. You you can feel the people are excited. They're fixing to unlock the door. We got to get inside. [clears throat] Excuse. These allergies are killing me. But so when they unlock the door, a tsunami of people took you in. You didn't have to walk. I'm telling you, I you were in. You didn't run around finding a seat. You got the first seat you come to. Or you didn't get a seat. Now, we were always the early cuz we wanted inside because we were always early. We always grabbed the first seat we come to. We always managed to get a seat. A lot of people didn't cuz on the car radio, those that couldn't get in, some of them stood outside the windows. Those that couldn't get in, you could turn the car radio on and listen to Brother Brandham over over the pull pit preaching. We never had to do that. So anyway, um during that time, brother brother Brandham greets brother Ed Bisl and his family. I never knew brother Biscll at that time and they were way over here and we were way over here so I couldn't see them. Years later we become we become acquainted with the Biscals and the family and they're to this day very dear friends of ours. Um, and anyway, the the chairs inside the tabernacle, I don't know how the schools are now, but when I went to school, you know, you seats folded back like that and that's the way they were. Well, we were all standing up. I don't remember what. And Lisa was four years old, curious. Yeah, that's the inside of the Brandham Tabernacle. And we were sitting over here on the on the left hand side at that time. and she couldn't see so she stood up on that chair and that chair flipped and she fell through four years old. Oh my my kid, she going to be screaming, hollering, we're going to break her legs if we can even get her out. You can imagine as mothers how you feel. We got her out. She didn't scream. We got her out and she's fine. Something happened. I believe it's during that meeting because that's where we were sitting that I do remember. We were sitting on that on the left on the left hand side there. Brother Brandon was speaking. I I don't remember the the uh what he was saying. All I remember he was speaking and as he was looking out through the congregation, he went like that. Caught my eye. He went like that like somebody was calling him. what's going on? And he was looking dead at me. I froze. I I mean, here's a pro. I believed he was a prophet and and I froze. And he was looking right at me like that and looking right at me. And I thought now I cannot describe this. Maybe somebody can. I can't. Brother Brandham was very kind. All all of us know that that kind of sweet or humbler man in the world. He didn't look mad. He didn't look angry. But it was God looking through them eyes. I guess he was either looking at that pillar of fire or discernment or something. But when he looked back at me, I cannot describe the look in his eyes. They were piercing. Now I I'm froze. And he done like that a couple times. And what it was just a seat or two in front of me was a brother. And brother Brandham, he was looking at him. I thought he was looking at me. And he said, "You're sitting there praying I'd speak to you, weren't you?" I don't remember what he told the brother, but he did tell him, "You were sitting there praying I'd speak to you." And of course, brother Brandham did. And so in the meantime, uh, Brother Eddie's looking for work. He couldn't find work and he finally found a job with a paint company that were a traveling painting company out of Wisconsin and they painted tar lines like they crawled up them with their buckets and they painted them. And there's another picture even there. That's what he that's the job he got. He said he could feel when they crawled out on him arms. He could feel the electric uh pulling [laughter] on his arm. But he was a good worker so he kept the job. In the meantime though, brother Brandham was there. Uh then he done questions and answers and we were there for that. Then brother Brandham left and uh went I think he had to take the children back to Tucson for school but also he had other uh commitments to go to. And I remember one of one of the questions and answers. There's four of them. Um I don't think we knew it. Uh, well, let me get this first. When Eddie got the job, once that job was finished, it it traveled and they moved to Elizabeth Town, Kentucky, about 50 miles from Jeffersonville. So, we moved to Kentucky and while we were in Kentucky, we met a young couple and they went to Brother Hoover's church. Now, Brother Hoover, Brother Brandham was a friend of Brother Hoover and preached in his church. I think he even dedicated his church. And we did visit Brother Hoover's church. on the weekends we go to Jeffersonville. It's about 50 miles. And um so anyway, one of the questions and answers we were there and I don't think we knew Brother Brandham was going to do it. I recently listened to him. He didn't even know they were going to do it. So, but anyway, when we got there, of course, we didn't get there early enough to get in, but we got in the foyer. In the foyer in the Brandham Tabernacle, there's two openings into the sanctuary. and we were over here. I could see brother Brandham in the pull pit and I could hear him uh and as he was answering questions. Now, Brother Brham took questions and answers very serious. He always answered a question if he could. And this particular questions, he wanted to know what's on the people's heart more than biblical questions, more like personal questions. And [sighs] one of the one of the questions I'll just name three of them. One of the questions that um they asked him and and what he said he said now this question of this person is as important to them as yours is to you. So the question was brother Brandham is women's pajamas the same as men's garments? And you can see it in the cood book. He said, "I really don't know." He said that as as a Christian sister, you basically you decide them things yourself. And he kept talking. He said, "You know, I don't really unless you want my thoughts on it." He said, "Now, if you want my thoughts on it, I'll give you my thoughts on it. I think a night gown's nice." [laughter] But he answered one question. Jason dealt Ashley uh with that a lot today in his sermon. It's a very important question. I love God in simplicity. God has made it so simple. Brother Brandham, how can I love the Lord more? Read the word and pray. That is so simple and it works. It pays off. [clears throat] I seen him get a question he didn't answer. It's kind of funny cuz he answered every question. Like if it was a personal question like a man and a wife or something, he'd say, "I'll see you on personal interviews." He answered every question and brother Neville, I guess brother Caps was a song leader then. Some of them was sitting behind him. Now, also, Brother Brandham said that some of those questions, you know, he'd get them and look at them beforehand, but some of them just come in right then. And I guess this this had to been one of them. Brother Brandham is looking down at this question. It it stuns him. Uh, Brother Brandham, is it okay for women to shave their legs? Did I read that right? Do they do that? [laughter] That was his re It's almost like he jumped. [laughter] Did I read Do they do that? He just laid that question. [laughter] Brother Brandham was had a real that I laugh about. I don't know about Brother Brandon. He had a very good sense of humor. Brother Brandham did. But anyway, um then then he was gone. That was 64. And then in the meantime, [clears throat] job we got traveled. So we was in Elizabeth Town, Kentucky. And we go backwards and forth to Jeffersonville on the weekends. And then they moved us to Oklahoma. We were in Ada, Oklahoma, Bristol, Oklahoma, uh Oklahoma City, Muscogee, Oklahoma, Prior, Oklahoma, and we would be at those places just brief, you know. Now, the foreman of that of that job had his own big truck and pulled his own little home behind him. He had two children, a wife and two children. But we would just find a little place. We never had a problem finding. We probably would now. We didn't then. And so as soon as we get into a place, first thing we'd do is find a little Pentecostal church. And uh when we'd find a little Pentecostal church, then we'd witness the message to them and about brother Brandham and and then they'd move us on some of the places was only there very brief. We wound up in Muscogee, Oklahoma in the bitter cold winter blizzard. I think we even had a blizzard when we were there. and we lived [clears throat] in an apartment I guess about the third I'm thinking about the third floor and we went to a little Pentecostal church with brother and sister Bogman. They were an older couple. They really they really liked us. We really like them. We went to their little church while we were there and witnessed this message to them. They never rejected it. Never. But they didn't embrace it either unless they did after we left. And so during that time in Muscogee out down the hall was other apartments and I met this girl named Kathy Brown. She had two little children. Her husband's name was Cherokee Brown. I don't know if he was Indian but his name was Cherokee Brown. Never met him. [sighs] And so witnessed to her and one night in the dead of winter in Moscow, Oklahoma, we got a knock on the door and it's Kathy wanting to go out and get baptized. pitch black, bitter cold in the middle of winter. Don't know where you're at or where you're going. We're new there. And Eddie thinks he found a dam of some sort. And so we pulled up to it, no flashlight, no nothing. And him and her walked out, didn't even know what kind of water they were walking out in. And he baptized her in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And right after that, then they sent us then u to Prior, Oklahoma. Rebecca knows a little bit about this. And we met Brother Ever and Sister Lorraine Thornton, their children, Pam, Deb, Debbie, and Steve. And we just fell in love with them. And they did us too. And so while we were there, we witnessed the message to them. We told them about Brother Brandham. They never rejected it. Never did reject it. But they didn't embrace it either or they didn't embrace it at that time. Eventually they did. So and I think Rebecca's kin some way in a little bit to Pam husband. I believe it is Rebecca Dave Musgrove. Yeah. And uh so anyway we were there and then they sent us to Bulmont, Texas. Perry Green was still pastoring a church in Bulmont, Texas at that time. And when we got there now, all we had was these big Realtore tape recorders and I think we had one tape. Let me tell you, the books weren't out then. The books to come out, I think around 68 if I'm not mistaken. The film we show of Brother Brandham, Brother Perry Green found that film around 70 or the early 70s. We didn't have We had That's what we had. And uh it was hard to come by the the Realtore tapes. They broke real easy, too. But Brother Perry had a bunch of them and he would loan them to us. He also made copies for us. And we sent those copies to Brother Thornon. And as time went on, then brother Perry felt led to go to Tucson, Arizona, and start a message church. There was no message church in Tucson, Arizona at that time. Excuse me. He wanted us to go with him. He offered to pay our way to support us till brother Eddie found a job. We considered it. Especially Brother Eddie considered it. And um Brother Perry, I believe Brother Perry left about the first week of November. Uh it seemed like it was around the first week of November. Then you're coming up to the last of November, Thanksgiving. And um brother Brandon's going to be in Sri Louisiana. Now we all that we listen to the tapes or read the books know brother Brandon went regularly to Sriport Louisiana to Jack Moore's church. Jack Moore as far as we know never embraced the message but he embraced brother Brandham. He loved brother Brham and brother Brandham felt free to preach there kind of like his own church. Well, we wanted to go. So, we had met some good friends, Joyce and Harley Dudy. They went to Brother Perry's church in Bowmont, Texas. When Brother Perry went to Arizona, he left that little church in the care of his daddy, Brother Green. We got to go to Sriport. When we got to Sriport is on a heel. Um, if any of y'all have ever been to Sriport, it's hilly. So, we really didn't know where to go except we we knew the name and all like that. Well, when we got there, we looked down the hill and we we saw a bunch of people down there going into a building and we thought it must be where Brother Brandon's going to be preaching. So, we went down there and asked and no, Brother Brandon was not preaching there. It was Billy Graham by way of film. They were had a film of Billy Graham they were all going to see. So, we headed back up the road. Uh maybe someone told us look another direction. And then at the top of the road, uh there was a red light and it and it stopped us. But right in front and the road then went like this. And we're sitting like this road like this. And up on a hill was a big church. And down there on that roadway was a bunch of limousines. I don't remember if I even counted them. at least three, four, five limousines or more sitting there on that roadway. And as we're sitting there under the red light, the church door opens and a bride and groom comes out by themselves. That's very strange. I mean, fully dressed, white dress and everything. That's odd. Come down the steps cuz it was a lot of steps. Come down to the drive to the road. He put her in one of those limousines, shut the door, and he went back in the church. Isn't that odd? So then we finally found Brother Jack Moore's church. And when we did, I think it's a big church. It was packed out. We couldn't get in the sanctuary. We got in the church, maybe the basement. I'm not sure. I could hear Brother Brandham very clearly, but I couldn't see him. So, we might have been in the basement. After service was over, we run into Brother Lee Vale, Sister Vale, and we had become pretty good friends with them at that time. And they invited us to their motel room for a little fellowship. So we went and as we were there talking to brother and sister Vale um we began telling him about Billy Graham and the bride and groom and and he looked at us. He said, "You know, Brother Brandham's right above me in the room above me. I'll take y'all up there and introduce you to him." I mean, we're in our early 20s. you. We're not sick. We sick people have to go. Dead people need raised. We're no. So, we wouldn't go. [clears throat] But there was another main reason we didn't go. When we were brand new in the message, Brother Lee Vale went to Charlotte to brother Albert Green's church, a little small church. Brother Henry Green's brother. We went down there to hear him. That's how we met Brother Veil. And uh while we were traveling, we didn't have a home church. We visited churches. We did not have a home church. We sent him our tithes. He he was not a pastor at that time. He helped brother Brandham a lot in his campaigns. Very good bosom friend of brother Brandham. And it shocked him that we sent him our ties. It shocked him. And uh he said nobody did that, but that's who we knew. and we didn't know nobody else and we had a lot of confidence and loved him. We sent him our ties. We had him at our house in Texas. But one thing he and that's him with brother Brandham. One thing he said at the Charlotte meetings, he said, "A lot of people want to get to know me and be my friends just to meet Brother Brandham." And me and brother Eddie made a promise to each other if we ever meet brother Brandham won't be through brotherly fail. So we couldn't let him introduce us. But apparently he tells brother Brandham about that because on the wings of a snow white dove. Brother Brandham tells that he tells only thing is he brother Brandham just got the story of brother but it was a brother and a sister. I was with him. So, excuse me. And uh he tells brother Brandham tells that and he tells how that bride and groom comes out of that church. He was relating our story to brother Brandham and he said that meant a lot to him. It was complimentary to his to his to his ministry. It was you can read that in the wings of a snow white dove. It was very complimentary to his ministry. And the very night we was there, he preached invisible union of the bride. And here we saw a bride. I can see why that was complimentary to brother Brandham. Well, that was Thanksgiving, the last of November. Then December the 18th, now December the 18th, we're still in Bowmont, Texas. We've got to settle down. Lisa's five. she's got to go to school the next year. So, we got to decide, brother Perry's wanting us to move out there. We we didn't really know. And then on then on December and we didn't have phones. You didn't have your little cell phones. You had a house phone. You didn't have a phone. And of course, we traveling. You don't have a house phone. We didn't have the books. Only tapes we had was what we got from brother Brother Perry. So we you're getting information little by little, not like you do now. December the 18th, Brother Brandon was in a serious car wreck. Most of you know that. I don't know about you young people. It was a head-on collision. There were young boys drinking, driving, going from one side of the road to the other. And just as Brother Brandham come by, they went to his side. Um, they had a hard time getting brother Brandham out of the car. Sister Brandham was hurt really bad. Sarah had a back broke. Only Sarah was with them at the in the wreck. And so they got Sarah and Sister Brham to the hospital. They had an awful time getting brother Brandham out cuz his leg was wrapped around the steering wheel. His upper body was laying out through the windshield out on the dash. And according to uh what I read, they had to take and and pull the car like this while Billy Paul got inside and pulled his daddy. And brother Brown never lost conscious according to what they what they say. And being brother Perry was there, a lot of people were there at the hospital in Texas. Brother Perry was a big spokesperson that if you knew Brother Perry, he there was much nothing he couldn't get done or do. Like I said, he's the one that found the 20th Century Prophet film that we've got. Well, now we're getting little bits and pieces. December the 18th, he has a wreck. I don't think we even knew it till the next day at church, day one. He's God's prophet. He's going to be fine. Day two, he's still in the hospital. What you expect? He's been in a bad car wreck, but he's God's prophet, and he's going to be okay. I mean, brother I I saw Brother Weey raised from the dead, lived many, many years. I knew people personally that was healed under his ministry, including Jason. I knew people that got discernment under brother Brandham's ministry. That's God's prophet. Day three, day four, and he then we're getting word his brain is swelling. Um, he's going to be okay. His work's not through yet. We got it all figured out. We're all going to be here. Brother Brandham's going to be with us and he's going to introduce us to Jesus Christ at the rapture. So, he's going to be okay. Day five, just a greater miracle. Day six, Brother Brandham used to sing a song. You can hear it a lot on a lot of his sermons. Brother Brandham always sung after a sermon, but this one song in particular, beautiful song. I love the song. It's hard for me to hear that song. My heart drops tears. Till we meet. Till [singing] we meet. Till we meet at Jesus feet. Till we meet. Till we meet. [laughter] God be with you till we meet again. Wow. And he was gone. Brother Brandham was gone. His tired, wore out, weary servant was gone. That can't be. We We have to have brother Brandham. He can't be gone. We He can't be gone. But he is. And we had to come to terms with that. We were stunned. We were shocked. The whole world that knew Brother Brandham was in shock. Now, we're still young in the message and still learning. We love it. We believe it. Did Did it Did it weaken our faith? Not one tiny bit. Nothing has ever weakened our faith. I've loved this. I'm 82 years old. I was in my early 20s. I love it. And I love the Lord Jesus for sending it. But he was gone. God took him home. Brother Billy Paul told Brother Perry this different ones there at the funeral at the at rather at Texas. Brother Perry take daddy home. So brother Perry arranged to take brother Brandham home to Coots funeral home. Now Coots was a good friend of brother Brandham's. Then he arranged to get sister Ma and Sarah and I think Rebecca and George and I don't know who all else also get them home to they they were going for Christmas. It was uh going to Jeffersonville from Arizona for Christmas. So they got to Jeffersonville on December the 29th, 1965. They had his funeral. There are some of the cars. That's his church. Sister Brandham couldn't go. Sister Brandham had a concussion. Her body was she was very injured. Sarah had a broke back among other things. So she couldn't go. So after the funeral, they took Brother Brandham's body back to Coot's funeral home. They didn't bury him. They didn't know where to bury him. He had a home in Jeffersonville and God had moved him to Tucson several years before and he had a home out there. Where were we going to bury him? But big decision. There was only one person on the earth could could answer that and that was Sister Ma. And she was not able to answer it at that time. April the 11th, 1966, they Sister Ma decided we're going to bury him in Jeffersonville at Eastern Cemetery. A lot of y'all have been there. And that's about a block from the church. Matter of fact, when we had funerals there, uh we we did not go to Arizona. We went back to North Carolina for a little while and then we went back to Jeffersonville. We lived there for seven years and were members of the Brandom Tabernacle in that seven years. Jason and Lisa and Nathan went to school there. Jason went to school and Lisa, too, in that Park View Junior High where brother Brandham saw the Lord Jesus out there before they ever built it. That's where Jason then went to school. Um, so anyway, they buried him in Eastern Cemetery. Now, I want y'all to look at this picture. Have any of y'all ever saw this picture? I didn't know if any of y'all had or not. this picture. Brother Perry Green, like I say, back back then you didn't have a lot of information, but if you got Brother Perry had a lot of information, but he was one of the few. He sent us a a whole album of Brother Brandham's pictures. This is one of the pictures. Now, I can only tell you what is what I what I was told. I I can't All I know that's brother Brandham's casket. That anointing never left that prophet. And that was, we were told, was its casket. And then they put up his uh tombstone. It's a pyramid. A lot of you have seen it. A lot of you haven't. And it's it's got writings on on the pyramid. Um, brother Brandon when he preached Future Home, you know, he took it out of the Bible that it it's it's on a mountain 1500 miles high. It's a pyramid. So, they put up a pyramid. So, you got that picture, Matthew? Now, I want y'all to look at that picture. I wish I could have found a better one. I couldn't. You see that eagle? That's a gold eagle. Y'all ever saw that before? Now, where's the other one? Ethan, see that gold eagle? Its wings is up. statues don't fly. I guess you're wondering what's going on. Well, I'm going to tell you what we were told when the seven years we went back there. We were told this. That was the first eagle. Someone stole it. I don't think they ever found out where the eagle went, who stole it. They said it was a very valuable eagle and they replaced it with this one. And then I want to brother Brandham couple years back before the Lord took him home and you know our thing was he can't this can't be brother Brennham cannot be gone. Uh we've got all this figured out. He's going to be here the rapture and he's going to introduce us. We didn't realize it but we do now. We were in the rapture already. And he did introduce us to the real Jesus Christ. Every time he preached that word, every time he raised the dead, and you know, he raised several people from the dead. Every time he prayed for the sick or discern, he was introducing us to the real Jesus Christ. We didn't recognize that then, but we do now. We had to learn and grow. He went the the he he he wondered what's on the other side of this veil of life we all live in. And y'all know beyond the curtain of time. God took him there. And then he saw these women coming with their white robes and the brothers coming with their white just one big joy. He didn't want to come back. He didn't have a choice. He had to come back for us. I'm so glad he did. He come back for us. He don't have to come back anymore. That's where he's at now. That's where my husband, Brother Eddie, is, Sister Seal, Sister Jan, and different ones that we've lost over over time right here in our own in our own mist. Someone, I don't know who it was, made a video. Some of you saw it, maybe, or maybe not. Maybe a lot of you haven't. They made this video. It It's called Beyond the Curtain of Time. And it's about three minutes long. And I want to play this little video for y'all because if you wonder where Brother Brandham's at, that's where he's at. Where Brother Eddie is, that's where he's at. Sister Seal, that's where she's at. Yeah. It's where all believers go. If we go before the rapture either way, if we're believers, we're going to be there. So Ethan, you can go ahead and play it. And I I want to thank you all for coming. I I hope I've done a little justice to it. I I'm an eyewitness. I was there. Our age is dying off. I'm 82 years old. I was very young. I have to tell what I saw, what I knew. It's kept me all the days of my life. I've raised my children in it. You've got a pastor because of it. And my daughter is a dedicated Christian, too. And uh it's start young. It's well worth it. You ready to play it, Ethan? This is where this little video, this whoever made it, Brother Brand, I'm talking on it. Pause it until you get sound. I want to see Jesus. I would like to hear the sweetheart bell chen and vanish off here. Lord let us look past the curtain. Lord, let me [music] look up past the curtain of sorrows and fear. Let [music] me view that sunny right climb. [music] It would strengthen our faith [music] and would banish all fear. [music] Lord, let them look past the curtain [music] of time. [music] Heat. [music] [music] Heat. [music] [music] [music] Heat. Heat. [music] [music] Let's [music] [applause] stand. Amen. What an hour. What a time that we face just ahead of us. Friends, it's never been more real to me than now. I thought to myself that, you know, I would um, you know, before Sister Jean started, I had no idea. I hadn't seen any of her material and and I thought, well, you know, I'll want to have some questions, but I don't think I have even one question. Mom, that was so thorough. Was so wonderful. I want to give her another hand. AMEN. [applause] AMEN. I am I I can say literally that I am and will be uh I guess that's almost redundant. I am eternally grateful for God's love and his mercy to my family and revealing this wonderful truth to my mom and dad and that you know that uh that video uh what a day friends my you know we have not run in vain. Amen. And I, you know, the Bible talks about that that we will, you know, we'll not be ashamed. We'll not be left holding the bag. You're not going to end up with a short end of the stick, Brother Jack. It's worth it. Amen. Just like Paul, you know, I think about my aged mom and I think about the Apostle Paul saying, you know, I've I've come to the end. I've run my race. I'm ready to go on. And there's not just a crown of righteousness for me, but for all them who love is appearing. My I you know starting from with sister Jean to me to all of you we have loved his appearing. Yes we have. Amen. Want to thank you all for being here today. Does anybody have a direct question you'd like to ask sister Jean about? It's okay if you don't but if you do I want to give you the opportunity. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh, brother Rich when we went back the seven years that we lived there. He's the one that started printing the books. Mhm. You said ' 68. I was thinking like the books maybe were around I think they had some publications but the books were maybe around 70. No, we were in church. Oh, yeah. And you were getting them already? Wow. How you like that? Praise the Lord. So, we're glad for that. Any others? Hey, go ahead, brother Young. Were you there during crash with I was in I was in Texas. The car crash was in Texas, but I was in Bulmont, Texas. Uh I forget the town the the wreck happened. What's the What's the first time y'all remember being back at the tabernacle after he passed away? When we moved up there. Yeah. Yeah. And um we moved up there around 1970. Yeah. We were there for seven years. Yeah. And um I'm gonna tell you something. Um the seven years we were there, it made me we it's hard to put in words. I appreciated even brother Brandham more. That's crazy to say that because I saw the way they lived. I saw the way the church was conducted. I saw the way his children were. They were just like the rest of us. And but they they were some real true Yeah. believers. And I got acquainted with the Brandham family. I was a close friend with Rebecca and George. I used to sing with Rebecca and another sister. So it was a great honor. And I sung in the Brandham Tabern. I'll tell you one little story that I froze me. I would not sing behind the pull pit, but but I I was singing solo over here by the piano with a microphone and it was not working. And brother Collins and Brother Phillips was sitting behind me motioned me to brother Brandham's pullpit. [laughter] No, I I looked at them. I sung behind his [laughter] pull pit. What do you do when the preacher tells you to go over and sing behind the brother Brandham's pull pit? That's right. You do whatever the preacher [laughter] said. No question. Just do it. I felt I felt it was the honor was too. [laughter] I tell you, Mom, that's a great honor. There's another story I've never heard in all my life. Praise the Lord. Brother uh brother Michael Collins, that's what he remembered most about you is you and Rebecca and Anna. Anna singing. Yeah, they called him the tabernacle trio. Amen. Praise the Lord. I I that I didn't expect Sister Jean to sing that song for me. I about lost it. But my I grew up my whole life hearing her sing and uh I think she's still a magnificent singer. Amen. God bless you. Let's bow our heads. Any other questions before we go? Any other uh brother Jonathan, how did you get so good at public speaking? I took after your after. It might be the other way around. Might be the [laughter] other way around. Yeah. Yeah. Amen. So, it's uh you know, but the Bible talks about that, you know, the gift on Timothy uh that it came through his grandmother Ununas down to his mother Lois and into him. And uh [clears throat] you know I I loved brother Eddie for a lot of the characteristics I got and uh all the Watkins men love those Watkins jeans but but I I but my preaching ability my gift and it really came through Sister Jean and that's a straightup fact just like Timothy in the Bible. So if I I'm glad I got that scripture so I can lean on that. Amen. All right. Any others before we go? [clears throat] Sister Kathy. Who was it? Sister Kathy Kathy had a question. Unless you changed your mind. Okay. All right. Okay. Good deal. All right. Let's pray. Father, we thank you once again. Lord, we've come to the conclusion of this, Lord. And I Wow. I don't I don't think we could ever have enough time to talk about these things, Lord. And there's others that could, you know, could take it from there and, you know, say when I came and to this day and I've been a believer and the Lord's did this and that. And I think we'd all have that testimony. Lord, one thing's for sure. We we absolutely father are convinced uh the realities of the living God move among us. So it how could it not be the truth Lord when we see the realities of the living God. Everything the word promised for the bride in this day we see it moving among us. We only want more of it Lord. We just desire more and more of it. So I commit it to you. I thank you for this record. this this true record and this true testimony from Sister Jean, your daughter, my mother. Lord, we're looking forward to that day when we're all together again. Then we'll we'll sit around and and tell the great things that God did for all of us down through time. We commit it now to you, Lord. I pray it'll be a great impact upon the young people. That really was the burden of our heart, Lord, for the senior youth. So, Father, may may it have a lasting may it reap dividends for many ages, many years to come, Lord, into the eternal ages. We commit it to you now in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you, friends. Thank you. God bless you. You're dismissed. Amen. Fantastic.
