################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-25 - 250525-Jason WatkinsModern Events, Again, Made Clear By Prophecy Pt.8 - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-25
Title:    250525-Jason Watkins:Modern Events, Again, Made Clear By Prophecy Pt.8
Speaker:  Jason Watkins
Church:   Bethel Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 14m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0be87ohL33w
========================================

Description:
Brother Jason Watkins ministers the Sunday Morning service "Modern Events, Again, Made Clear By Prophecy Pt.8" On May 25th 2025 We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
the Lord. Amen. Amen. Take a few minutes and just walk around the building. Don't just turn to the side. Walk around and shake and greet someone's hand this morning. Amen. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. [Music] We're together again in one accord. Oh, something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. Oh, we're together again. Just praising the Lord. We're together again. and one accord. Let's put our hands together. Oh, something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. Sing. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. Oh, we're together again in a one. Oh, something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. One more time and say we're together again. and praising the Lord. We're together again. And what a cold. Oh, something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again. Just praise the Lord. Say, "Oh, we're together again." Amen. Together again. [Music] Praise the Lord. Amen. Give the Lord a hand. Amen. Amen. I'm so thankful to be together again with his children. Praise the Lord. This is just a small dose of what we're headed for. Can you imagine how many the tables are thousand miles long? It's a lot of people. So, you better get used to rubbing shoulders with your brothers and sisters. Praise the Lord. Let's pray. If you have a request upon your heart, I want to give a little testimony about my son. He's about 6 months sober. Um, seems to do very good. He has a real good job. He has a he has a woman in his life that is um his age and she's very um Christian oriented. They met in church so it's not he's not chasing around some teenager. But um I just he's just seems very happy, healthy. Just want to keep praying for him. Um we all know what parents want for our children. We want to pull the Holy Ghost and God leading their lives. And if there's a marriage involved or a relationship that it's God bringing it together and working through it as our brother brought the responsibility upon the parents. You know, brother Brandon talked about wasn't juvenile delinquency, it was parent delinquency. Of course, that's what's going on today. This is just a culmination of all the parent delinquency that's been going on for years and years and years. So God, help us to straighten that out in our own families and our own churches. Let's pray. Father, I love you this morning. I want to welcome all the visitors. Father, I pray that you would just touch each and every heart in a special way this morning. Draw them closer to you, dear God. And Father, those that are streaming, those that may not have the opportunity to assemble in a building, but like precious faith and saints, Father, we pray for them this morning. May the streaming if they listen or the archive, Father, may there just be something said. May your spirit be there to bless and strengthen them, Lord, through this troublesome times that we're living. I thank you for your grace and mercy in my own life and for my children. Lord, we just continue to hold up that faith token, your promise that they are ours. Pray that you bless your people. Bless the tithes and offerings as we gather the offering this morning. Lord, we want your word. You have preeminence in our lives. The gifts that stand behind this pulpit. Move the man aside. Help us each one to receive what you have for us. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. [Music] Years I spent in vanity and pride car not my lord was crucified [Music] he he died. Everybody sing now. Oh mercy [Music] heart and there was multiply there [Music] at Calvary by God's word and less sin I learned burn. Then I trembled at the law. I spurned till my guilty soul and glory turned and calary. Mercy, mercy, mercy, mercy. There was great and grace was free. heart and there was multiply to me there my burden all found libert now I've given Jesus everything now I gladly owe him as my king Now my rapture soul can only sing of Cal. Put your hands together for the Lord. See your mercy. There was great and grace was free. And there was multiplied to me. My burden all found liberty. My God. Everybody sing. Mercy, mercy, mercy, mercy. See, there was great and grace was free. heart and there was multiply to me. I bound liberty and free one more time. See there was great and grace was free and there was multip [Music] one more time. See mercy mercy mercy mercy. See there was great and grace was free well and there was multiply to me my burden so found live mercy and free Amen. Amen. Let us give the Lord another big hand of praise this morning. Amen. [Music] Amen. KFC. Amen. Y'all help me. I hear we sing. Going up yonder. Amen. How many is ready to go up yonder? Amen. If you want to know [Music] where I'm going, where I'm going to. [Music] If anybody ask you where I'm going where I'm going soon. Tell them to me I'm going up beyond yonder. every to be with my Lord. Oh yonder of yonder to be with my Lord. I can take the pain. Oh, the heartache it brings. The comfort in knowing soon be gone. As God gives me grace, [Music] I'll run this race [Music] [Applause] until I see my Savior face to face. Oh [Music] Lord of be to be with my Lord. Let's put our hands together for the Lord. I'm going be I'm going I'm going to be with my Lord. Oh, I'm going be I'm going be I'm going be to be with my Lord. Amen. Amen. You may be seated this morning. Amen. Brother Ken, won't you come give us a song this morning? Amen. Amen. Let's give our brother a hand as he comes. I think I see Luke there and his family. God bless you, Luke. Amen. But any other guests? God bless you. Amen. I see my other family there in the back there. God bless you. Amen. Oh, it's good to be in the house of the Lord today. It's wonderful to have my my son and his wife Molly, my daughter, and my grandkids in in town. So, uh, [Music] you know, I haven't sung this song in a while, so I'm going to need some help. Y'all might need to stand for me and sing this with me. [Music] When the spirit of the Lord [Music] falls upon my heart. I'm going to sing like David sang. [Music] When the spirit of the Lord falls upon my heart, I'm going to sing. Like David say, [Music] I will sing. I will sing. I'm going to sing. Like David sang, I will sing. I will sing. [Applause] I'm going to sing. Like David say, when the spirit of the Lord falls upon my heart, I'm going to dance like David. [Applause] When the spirit of the Lord falls upon my heart, I'm going to dance like David. I will dance. I will dance. I'm going to dance like David. Dance. Oh yes. I will dance. I will dance. I'm going to dance like David. When the spirit of the Lord falls upon my heart. I'm going to pray. Like Daniel prayed. When the spirit of the Lord falls upon my heart, I'm going to pray like Daniel pray. I will pray. I will pray. I'm going to pray like Daniel pray. I will pray. I will pray. I'm going to pray like Daniel prayed. When the spirit of the Lord falls upon my heart, I'm going to change like Sarah changed. When the spirit of the Lord falls upon my heart, I'm going to change like day. Oh yes, I will change. Hallelujah. Change. I'm going to change like Oh yes, I will change. I will change. I'm going to change like Sarah Chase. I'm going to walk. When the spirit of the Lord falls upon my heart, I'm going to walk. Oh yes. Hallelujah. When the spirit of the Lord falls upon my heart, I'm going to walk like he knock. I will walk. I will walk. I'm going to walk. Like he not I walk. I will walk. I will walk. I'm going to walk like he not walk. When the spirit of the Lord falls upon my heart, I'm going to love like Jesus love. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. I thought sister Anna was here. She was going to give me a song. Maybe we'll get her next week. Amen. Brother Brad. Brother Aaron, if you would come. Amen. Let's give him a hand. Amen. Brother Brad. Amen. Oh, it's Brother Brad and brother Steve, right? Is who singing with you? Oh, brother Andrew. Okay, let's give Brother Andrew and Brother Brad a hand. Amen. Thank you. Praise the Lord. If um before I sing, I just wanted to to share a scripture with y'all. Um Luke 7:36 uh it talks about the woman coming and Jesus having dirty feet. And uh Luke 7, if you read it tonight, go down to verse 50. And it says, "And he said unto the woman, thy faith has saved thee. Go in peace." Can you imagine what she must have felt like when he actually said that to her? "Thy faith has saved thee. Go in peace." Um, back in 1964, you know, there was a a preacher, a prophet, a man of God by the name of William Marian Brandham, which, you know, some of y'all visiting may not know, and some of y'all online may not know, but he preached a a sermon about Jesus keeps his appointments. It was preached April 18th in the evening, 1964. And I'm just going to read just a couple things real quick before Andrew and I sing this song. And this is he does a drama, a drama about this woman, what she must have been and what she once went through. And it starts in paragraph 126. It says she was hungry. She smelt that. She said, "My, it smells good. I wonder really a piece of that roasted lamb would really taste in the human's mouth." Now, she couldn't get too close to him because she was a foul woman. They were self-righteous people. They belonged to church, so they couldn't get around where she was at. She was considered a sinner. So, she walked up close and she got to look around. She's seen all them standing there and the water running out of their mouth. And as they gasped, you know, and looking at this lamb and they're roasting, all the fine foods and things being packed around in there. She began to look through the crowd like that and her eyes fell upon, "Who is that? He's got dirty feet. I wonder who that where where somebody would tell me say, will you?" She turns away real quick. I want nothing to do with her. She's a sinner. So ask somebody else. Finally, maybe a little lady that was believing and looking the same way said, "Madam, would you pardon me?" But would you who is that sitting there? How did that person So you can imagine the rest of the drama. Here's this this woman and and she was a reprobate woman and she knew Jesus was invited to this place and and he was invited as a mocking. He had dirty feet. He had dust and dirt all over his beard. Man, when I heard him preach that sermon, something just touched my heart. And I asked Andrew if he would please learn this song and he'd sing it with me. I pray it means as much to you as it did to me. [Music] A woman came to Simon's house. She knew the Lord was there. And as she walked into that room, she was greeted by a stare. She surely must have shocked a few of the people gathered there. As with tearfilled eyes and trembling hands, she took down her long dark hair. And from an alabaster vessel, precious ointment filled the air. [Music] And as she wept, she kissed his feet and began anointing them. [Music] And with her hands [Music] she was touching him. The alpha, the omega, the beginning and the end. And with her hands she was holding on to his. The source of life was right there in her hands. [Music] Now Simon said within his heart, "Lord, if you only knew the kind of woman that's touching you, but Jesus knew about her past. He knew about the sin. Yet he saw in her a repentant heart that had come to worship him. And with her hands she was touching him. And with her heart she was loving him. With her hands she was holding on to him when the source of life was right there in her hand. Tell me why do we gather together in his name? Or are we like the ones who merely watch? Tell me, is that why we came? Or are we like this sister? Do we truly enter in in spirit and in truth? Have you come to worship him? Thank you, Lord. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Now tell me, why do we gather together in his name. [Music] Are we like the ones who merely watched? Tell me, is that why we came? Or are we like this sister? Do we truly enter in spirit and in truth? Have you come to worship him? And with your hands are you touching him? And with your heart are you loving him? And with your hands are you holding on to heal. When the source of life is right there in your hand. [Music] When the source of life is right there in your hand. [Music] Amen. I got requests to sing this song. We're going to sing it as brother Jason comes. Let's stand. How many's heart and minds are ready for the word this morning? Amen. Y'all sing it with me. Father of kindness, you have poured out grace. You brought me out of darkness. You have filled me with peace. Giver of mercy. You're my help in time of need. Lord, I can't help but see [Music] faithful you are. Faithful forever. You will be faithful. You are. [Music] All your promises are yes and amen. All your promises are yes and amen. Beautiful Savior, you have brought me near. You pulled me from the ashes. You have broken every curse. Blessed redeemer. You have set this captive free. [Music] You are [Applause] faithful forever. You will be faithful. You are [Applause] all your promises are yes. Faithful. Faithful. You are faithful forever. You will be faithful. You are [Applause] all your promises are yesterday. I will in your promises my confidence is your faithfulness. My [Music] in your promise is my faithful. [Music] You are [Music] forever. You will be you. All your promises are yesterday. I will in your [Music] faithfulness I will promise my [Applause] [Music] faithful faithful You are [Music] forever. You will be. All your promises are yesterday. [Music] Blessed be the name of the Lord. You sing that like you mean it. Praise God. We greet you today in the name of the Lord and happy to have you out on this sunny Sunday. Amen. Hey, it's still up there, you know. Amen. Don't forget. Amen. The presence of the sun is always with us. Amen. And I'm happy in the Lord today and trust that you have come expecting. Amen. Sister Kathy, you don't have to tell a fish story. You got the actual proof of it. Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother Jack sent me a video and a picture. Oh, you're just now finding that out. Sister Kathy. He's sneaky, sister. Amen. He likes to give God the glory. So, Sister Kathy, was that a large mouth or a small Eye? Really? Wow. It was a nice catch, man. It would be the envy of Brother Dale if uh if he uh might send it to him, say, "Hey, come on up here, Brother Jack." And take you to where they are. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, we were really happy to see her. Amen. Her and Brother Jack out yesterday. Was that yesterday, Brother Jack? Praise the Lord. So, he made you fishers of men and fishers of fish. Oh, wow. Wow. Yeah, that was a that was a big old lake. Well, God bless you. Uh we're happy to have visitors with us today. Amen. Amen. See you brother uh JD and sister uh Amy's family with us here. Friends also in the back. Lucas, my goodness. Here you are. Where's Molly? Wave at me. Molly, jump. Oh, she's in. Oh, okay. All right. Praise the Lord. Happy to have them here today. Visitors there in the back. Other visitors. I'm quite sure I'm overlooking you. Forgive me for that. Amen. Don't be looking at me like I'm gonna call you a visitor. [Laughter] I probably should, but we're not going to do that. Amen. So, we're happy uh to be here today, and we want to look right to uh uh the the Gospel of John. And uh once again, uh I have not been faithful to let my team know where we're going. Amen. Praise the Lord. But it's all good. Amen. Amen. team. Praise the Lord. No, all I got to do is figure out where I'm going. So, um, today I boy, I tell you, it's just been something on my mind to try to figure out, uh, exactly how we wanted to start and um what all we want to cover. And there's always more than you can cover. Always, always, never fails. There's always more than we can cover. And so, um, we just want the perfect mind of the Lord. Amen. I appreciate everybody's cooperation. Amen. On the parking situation, we don't normally have a rainy, stormy Sunday like this, so we wanted to be able to leave room there. And that was mainly for just today. Oh my goodness. Here he goes. All right, son. All right. Praise the Lord. Got to keep that boy off of me. Amen. Praise the Lord. But we don't complain because he uh does such a good job with our sound and mixing and everything. So, uh we're going to try to follow the leader in that. Amen. I appreciate you all with that parking. So, we we just were trying to keep that that was really just a rule for today. Uh or anytime we have stormy weather like that on a Sunday or Wednesday, you want to leave room because we don't have a carport you can pull up under. And so, we have to get people sometimes. Fortunately, when we got here, it wasn't really going all that hard. Amen. Sister Mom, Brother Mark, got your wiper blades on right before the deluge. Amen. So, I told him, "Brother Mark, you saved me again." I'd rather have brother Mark out there doing it than all thumbs yours truly trying to trying to do it. Amen. Praise the Lord. I got people. Amen. That's how I roll. I got people. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. All right. Well, God bless you. Let's look at at first John I'm sorry St. John chapter 1. Let me get there myself. Um you know it's interesting because when we look at this particular um scripture in John uh and I want to get my place situated here in my notes where I need to be. That's definitely not where I need to be. Um Whoops. before I jump in and try to get started. Oh, that's why. Okay. Now we have the the seal is broken. All right. All right. That's not going to work if you're trying to do the same exact thing. Oh, perfectly. Okay. All right. So, in St. John, I want to begin at the 14th verse. Oh, I'm going to First John, but I I don't need to try to start there. Okay, here we go. Let me let me get right here. All right. John chapter 1. And we know that John had opened up with the word being God was with God. The world was made by him. He denies that he was the Christ or that you know he he clearly identifies himself down through those first um 13 verses. And he comes to verse 14. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. And we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the father, full of grace and truth. John bare witness of him and cried, saying, "This was he of whom I spake. He that cometh after me is preferred before me, for he was before me." And uh now you you're going to want to just immediately realize what's being said here because John is older than Jesus, right? But yet he's saying in the beginning was the word and that word was made flesh and that and he that one that is made flesh is older than me was before me. See even though in human terms John it seems almost backwards. All right. John bare witness of him and cried saying this was he of whom I spake. He that cometh after me is preferred before me for he was before me and of his fullness have all we received and grace for grace. He goes on for the law was given by Moses but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ. Now this next verse is paramount. No man hath seen God at any time. The you remember the Bible talks about how that he dwells in unapproachable darkness. He dwells in a thick in the cloudy pillar. Do you remember that? In in thick darkness and multitudes in a cloudy pillar. No man hath seen God at any time. The only begotten son which is in the bosom of the father. He hath declared him. In other words, he hath manifested him. You couldn't see God as a spirit. So if you were going to see God, he had to become a manifestation so that you could see something you could see. Now in the dawn of the ages, he became that pillar of fire that led the children of Israel. It was the angel of the covenant. It met Paul on the road to Damascus. So whether it was uh you know predating Genesis uh the create the creation order of Genesis or whether it it appeared over with Moses and appeared in the tabernacle in the wilderness or whether it was in Jesus Christ or whether it met Paul on the road to Damascus. It was all the same person. Yeah. Amen. In a form that could be seen. So that that's why God it was that same God not a second or a third person but that same God condensing or condescending himself into a form that could be seen. It's why brother Brandon would say I can see way back before stars before God was even worshiped as God. And he said he began to form that little pillar of fire something that could be seen. Of course when he first did that there was actually still yet nothing to see him. So then he's going to create angels. Then they start worshiping him and now he's a worshiped being. Right? All right. So this is a very very very important part that God always takes a form for observation. All right. All right. So uh let's pray. Father we thank you for your word now this morning. and I commit my heart and my mind to you right now, Lord, and ask for you just to take over and bring your word forth as you see fit. Lord, we thank you for the people gathered out. We pray for those who are still traveling in, Lord, coming through bad weather. We're asking for your mercy, those who are out of town and and are out of town and then those who have been and who are returning on the road even right now, Lord. And we're asking for your mercy for them in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. You know, um while you're seated, I want to give you a prayer request that came in from Sister Patricia Short. Um her mother, uh 81 years old, has had a stroke according to the doctors and they've uh taken her, I think, to a different place for treating her. But, uh, Sister Pat and Brother John, they called me this morning on the way driving in and asked us if we as an assembly would pray for that situation. And Sister Pat was making no bones about it. She wanted to see a miracle. I like that kind of courage. I believe we should ask God for big things. Amen. While I have you all here, let's just pray once more. Master, we're thinking now of our dear sister, Lord, who I know and spoken to her before, Lord, under the attack of the enemy now, Father. She's well stricken in years, and we understand these things, these old dying bodies, this pest house we live in. But Lord, that doesn't mean we have to leave the earth with broken health. We can leave perfectly healthy just at your time. So Lord, we are commanded to pray for the sick and we do so. We ask for your mercy for our dear sister right now. Strengthen the whole family with faith and let there be indeed this great miracle that has been requested of thee. We commit it to you as a group, as a body of believers in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Um, so again today just trying to get my mind focused on everything that I that I would like to cover today and it's going to be uh somewhat narrow. Now I promise you it'll be a little more than we covered on Wednesday. Um because Wednesday we were just so pressed for time and I kind of had it in my mind to refresh you and get us all um refreshed because we had had a break in between. And when you're on these kinds of things like prophecy, then it can become you forget and then then you know I feel like I have to go back and relay a foundation. So I didn't want to do that. So Wednesday night we we refreshed you and then we took just a few steps forward. Today I want to go on from there and um I I want to take today now to the booth. I will say that this is the next part in my series on modern events uh that are again made clear in prophecy. But I want to take today as a subtitle and mainly for your sake. They don't necessarily post this on the website. They just post that it's this part of the series. But to capture your minds where we're headed today deeply is I want to take this subtitle. Behold his image again. Behold his image again. Now because I have said to you repeatedly in this series that yes, we are taking historical events and we are making them clear in prophecy. Not just events at the end of the 19th century as we have done rather extensively. Not merely events going into the early part of the 20th century as we have done rather extensively, you know. um but and and then not just events that were in the life of God's prophet through the 40s, 50s and 60s, but we felt the need to bring it again today. And we just had a milestone event uh something a prophecy that had been on the book for 70 plus years has now become flesh. Yeah. Amen. I can say to you today, I can go back and read that prophecy from 71 years ago and I can say to you today, this day, this prophecy is fulfilled in your hearing. Think of that, friends. Think of the privilege that you are seeing something that has not been seen ever in the history of the of the New Testament era. you know, they came to Paul and they they began certain ones began to go around saying because they they got I don't know, maybe they got impatient, maybe they didn't understand why Jesus wasn't right back and so they began to formulate theories that maybe he had come already and oh well the whole rapture must be a spiritual thing. You hear it today. You get people who cannot wait on the Lord and run ahead of the Lord. And I just want to say to you today as a church, don't ever do that. Just let the Lord open his will before you. And just make sure you walk forward into it. Don't try to fix it, create it, manipulate it, control it. Just say, "Lord, let me humble myself to whatever your will is for my life." And that's always I promise that if you do that, you'll always come out good. you. And now it might not at at sometimes might not always seem like something that's good, but just remember that the Bible doesn't promise everything will be good. It promises that all things will work together for your good. And so you have to sometimes you have to have that law of contrast. Sometimes, you know, to appreciate uh a sunny Sunday, we've got a rainy Sunday to appreciate, you know, good health. Sometimes we have to endure a trial of sickness. And I was just hearing last night or this morning, brother Brandham talking about how that when you go into a trial, he was so um explicit on this. He wasn't being, you know, vague. It wasn't talking around it. He said, in fact is he pauses his audience to say, "Now, I don't want you to miss this. Really pay attention." I'm going to tell you something. When a prophet tells me, "Pay attention." Yes, sir. Amen. Here's something coming. And he says when you have a trial that don't get discouraged because that is God saying to you, I have observed you. I trust you and I'm going to bring this trial to lift you and elevate you and improve you. Don't get scared. Don't be afraid. Don't back up. Don't think I've left you. I'm actually This is all my hand. And when it's over, if you stay the course and don't run for the hills, when you come out of this thing on the other side, and you will, oh yeah, the law of contrast will force you out of that trial because that that would then there wouldn't be contrast if your whole life was just one long trial. So the whole every every you know, that's what makes valleys. They're bookended by mountains and mountains get bookended by valleys and that's why you have mountain ranges and and then you have planes and so so this is how God runs. And so you don't want to you just want to keep going forward. Remember that that flying eagle is high up in the atmosphere. He sees over that next hill. He knows what's best. Just trust him. Amen. See, so so we the the whole plan is God is molding you into the perfection of his image bearer. That's what man was created for was to be an image bearer of God. And so that's why, you know, I I I I'm not going to do it today. There's a wonderful Hebrew breakdown. Uh a Jewish rabbi did a breakdown on the Old Testament. He's messianic. And so it meant a lot to him how that, you know, God used a certain Greek word, I'm sorry, a certain Hebrew word when he's building the the seas and the flowers and the trees and it's just a very little bit uh there's very few words in that. And then when he's building the whales and the and the cattle and the beast of the field and he's coming all the way up and through day one, through day two, day three, day four, day five, he uses very small description. He's it it's amazing because he's creating the heavens and the earth. He's creating the stars and all the glory and he's hanging his first Bible, but he's using very little language until he gets to day six. And in day six, it's probably four to five maybe maybe as at least times uh the language that he uses because he's trying to get you to understand that my image bearsers are more important than all the stars and all the whales and all the trees and all the heavens. Amen. God had a desire to make you his image bearer. And that's what's up. Yes. Amen. That's what your life is about. I promise you. All the trials and tribulations, the fact that you became a believer, the fact that one day you heard an eagle scream, you recognized it, you heard, you recognized and you acted upon the word of God. And you know why you acted? Cuz you couldn't not. It was really not about persuasion. People who are just persuaded in can be dissuaded out. My our good friend, Brother Burley, says, "Brother Jason, I learned a long time ago that if somebody can get you in with a hot dog, somebody will get you out with a hamburger." Or if they get you in with a hamburger, they'll get you out with a hot dog. Yeah. And and so we're not persuaded. The bride cannot really uh because we don't even understand all of the word of God. So it's not that we are that we believe what we're persuaded of. It's that we can only believe what is revealed to us. And so when when the word is revealed to us, then that becomes God in person. And then then that revelation performs the magical the the the actual real magic of performing a supernatural new birth in you. so that you are now the living word made flesh in the earth. Amen. So he's the whole plan has always been to make you image bearsers. And so every trial, every affliction, everything, every promotion, every as long as you're letting God uh drive your career, drive your life, drive your decisions, then you'll come into the image bearer that he's desired you to be. Amen. Now, the the caveat is that he won't force you. Even his children, he won't force them. If you're determined to be more like the world than his child, then I mean, you're in the palms of his hand. He can never lose you. But boy, are you going to lose out? Amen. My goodness, are you going to lose out bringing God glory? Are you going to lose out on the better life? Are you going to ever lose out? Don't do it. Say, "Lord, I'm not the guide to my own life. I'm retiring as general manager of the universe. I want you to lead me, whatever that means. I want to look, brother Mark, at first John chapter 4. And so, and I and I just thought I better go here before I go much further or I wouldn't get to it. First John 4, and we want to look at verses 7-1 17. We'll have it on the screen, I'm sure. Uh 1 John 4:7. Now, watch because um and let me let me just say this. Let me kind of pre-qualify what you're about to read. Please don't get sidetracked in your mind on the surface level of saying, "I just need to be more loving." While that's true, that's not the point I'm about to make. The point that I'm going to make, and I'm going to give it to you ahead of time so you get it as I read it, is what we're reading here in this is the same John who said in his gospel, "No man hath seen God at any time, but the only begotten son hath declared him." Right? So now, John, this same John is going to say that again here in a moment. And he's going to say, "No man hath seen God at any time." But now he's going to turn it not to the Nazarene, but he's going to Who was the word made flesh? But to you, the body, the word made flesh, the bride of Christ. And he's going to say, "Now you're going to know that the same life that lived in him lives in you." Because he was not, he didn't have love. He was loved. When you are loved, that was the only thing that could hold at Calvary. There there nobody could have endured that just because they loved had love for someone. But when you are the essence of love and when you can look upon your seed and be content that you're about to be mutilated and murdered, but you can see your seed and be satisfied, Amen. that that's about to happen to you. Amen. when he has a human will that says I don't want to die let it pass nevertheless not my will thine be done knowing full well what that meant so now John is not here saying you need to be more kind and more loving John is going to say you need to have the same person of love living inside you and you then become an image bearer like he did amen No man hath seen God at any time, but the only begotten of the father hath declared him in this day and hour. Nobody has seen God at any time. But he has a family here. Amen. Who who who who hold his life within them. And now the world sees God through his elect. Amen. Make sense? Now with that kind of a a view, let's read. 1 John 4:7, "Beloved, let us love one another. For love is of God, and everyone that loveth is born of God and knoweth God." Well, that should make sense to you because God is love. So, if you have love, you're born of God. If you if you're not born of God, you have you can have all the human love and human affection. This is exactly why we tell our young people, don't dare marry someone who doesn't have the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Because they may have a tremendous amount of human love for you, but that'll be up and down and in and out and on and off. And it might not always be true. But if they're born again, the love of God, the life of God, which is love, is poured into us by the Holy Ghost. Amen. See, so beloved, let us love one another, for love is of God, and everyone that loveth is born of God, and knoweth God. He that loveth not God, I'm sorry, he that loveth not knoweth not God. For God is love. So, he's never been born again if he doesn't have that's that's really all he's saying. If you're born again, then you have love. If you're not born again, you may have human emotion, but you don't have love cuz love's a person. God doesn't have love. God is love. Amen. In this was manifested the love of God. Now catch it. Manifested or declared. Same meaning. Manifested or declared. No man hath seen God at any time but the son hath declared him. Right? In this was manifested the love of God toward us because that God sent his only begotten son into the world that we might live through him that we might manifest through him that we might declare the father. See through the indwelling life of Christ herein is love. Not that we love God but that he loved us and sent his son to be the propitiation of our sins. Beloved, if God so loved us, we ought also to love one another. No, there there's there's almost nothing guaranteed to cause schism in a church than make believers. Amen. It's almost never unbelievers, right? Because unbelievers are just humble about it. They don't even mind you knowing. I'm here cuz I like it, but I'm really not a believer. But I'll be respectful. But it's but it's people who who don't have what they think they have. Yeah. And then they get carried about by every wind of doctrine which the Holy Ghost would prevent. Then they're carnal. They get jealous. They get mad. They have a temper. They get angry. They cause division. They gossip. Amen. See, that's the sign. That's the mark of a of a makeeliever. I'm not saying you don't really believe. I'm saying you need to go back to an altar and get the real thing. And don't get up until you are a new creation in Christ Jesus. Wow. Beloved, if God so loved us, we ought also to love one another. No man hath seen God at any time. See, he says it again. Same as same as in his gospel. No man hath seen God at any time. If we love one another, God dwelleth in us, and his love is perfected in us. Can you see what he's saying? No man hath seen God at any time. This is just like Jesus. But the life Jesus lived displayed who God was. The Jews could never doubt who God was. They could never doubt his character and his nature because they saw Jesus. Yeah. They they didn't just meet him. They lived with him. They observed him. When they sent temple guards to arrest him and they came back without him and they said, "Where's he at?" And they said, "We don't have him." Oh, have you become believers? They said, "Well, no man ever spake like this man." Right. Amen. which was a pretty much of a slap in the face to these elders because you know you guys haven't spoke like him either. So, so you know it's a kind of a tongue and cheek thing you know like Jesus said if I by the if I by the if I by the finger of God uh do these miracles um tell me please exactly uh what how is it your sons are doing the miracles? Oh, they're not. Oh, okay. Oh, I see. Okay. Okay. Oh, they're not, are they? Oh, well. Okay. So, no man hath seen God at any time. If we love one another, God dwelleth in us, and his love is perfected. His love is displayed. His love is manifested. Can I just say it like this? Quit thinking of the fuzzy feeling. His life is displayed. His life is manifested. Real love sometimes is not fuzzy. Right? Sometimes real love can be corrective. Sometimes real love will be honest. You if you really want to know who your friends are, it's those who will be honest with you. That's a real friend. Someone who'll be honest with you. Don't don't rub them up rub them out of your life because they're the only ones who will tell you the truth. For goodness sake, you need truthful friends who'll say, you know, I really love you, but we need to talk about something. And then they're willing to have you also. It it's always a two-way street. We're we're all in this thing together if the love of God dwell in us. See, so he says, "No man hath seen God at any time. If we love one another, God dwelleth in us, and his love is perfected in us. Hereby know we that we dwell in him and he in us because he hath given us of his spirit. And we have seen and do testify that the father sent the son to be the savior of the world. Whosoever shall confess that Jesus is the son of God. God dwelleth in him and he in God. We're not just talking his whole subject is not just lip service to God. It's it's that it's that when he's saying that that whosoever shall confess that that that's a lifestyle. Your life is a lived voice. Anybody can confess the devil confesses Jesus is the Lord [Applause] Amen. The devil knows who he is and and and brother Brandon would go on to say the devil even knows he knows what he wants done but he refuses to do it because he's he's in rebellion, unreoverable rebellion. And so when when you let the devil start leading your life, you're going to end up eventually in unreoverable rebellion to the degree that if you're his child, he'll just have to remove you from the planet. Right? Amen. Cuz he's not going to lose. All right. So he goes on, let me catch these last two uh two verses. Verse 16. And we have known and believed the love that God hath to us. God is love. He says it again, not he has it, he is it. And he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God and God in him. Herein, this is how. Here's how you know our love is made perfect. Herein our love is made perfect. Our love is on display that we may have boldness in the day of judgment. Because as he is, so are we in the world. That's a pretty good deal. I'd like for God to look at me the same way he looked at Christ. I'd like for my life to bring honor and glory to the father in the same way Jesus life brought that. Amen. Amen. So um why is that? Okay. Yeah. So when we when we start to look at this now we we showed you last night how that you know it was a great plan that brother Brandham talks about going coming down through the ages and and I'm I'm not going to recap all of that again. We've talked about it extensively but you know a seal partially opened in every age. A messenger caught it ran with it. people gathered. The the they died and he laid them to sleep in the age and then the they denominated and then a temporary plague from that vial partially was open and dropped down onto the earth and it came up through all the way through the church ages and through the seals and through the trumpets and through the ages and it's all working up toward the end time where it becomes a big cluster. We talked about that Wednesday. And he says this is a great plan till it comes to the end to the last messenger. And he says a curious thing. Now this last day messenger has no certain message because watch now. You've got to understand that the last day messenger had a dual role. He was the angel to the church of Leodysia. Yeah. See, and he was born out of season. He came on the scene. They were already denominated from Isuza. He came on the scene. He's baptizing on the river in 33. That's decades after Isuza. And then he's moving among them in the 40s and the 50s and the 60s. And they can't deny the supernatural in his ministry. It's impossible to deny. It's known the world over and it's provable. Just like when brother Brandon would say there in Houston when the picture was taken and he said, you know, you can question this and question that. He says, but now as it regards that presence of that light, he said, that can be proven. And they did prove it. and they took a picture of it. To this day, it's authenticated. And so, so we realize then that he said he has no certain mystery in that first half of his ministry. He he had no certain ministry. He just was simply trying to uh trying to guide that age as best as he could. That age would eventually kick Christ out and he would that prophet would turn around and indict them for it. Amen. So then he comes to the message of the opening of the seals. And now Malachi 4, the spirit of Elijah is going to come into play. And so we find that brother Ram says he takes the book and of seals and breaks them and shows the seventh angel. And here it is for this alone the mysteries of God is the ministry of the seventh angel. Amen. So the mystery of the seventh angel, the his ministry are the mysteries of God to make them known. Not just by preaching but by demonstration. So that then when you eat upon the book, you also become the book. As you eat upon the living word, you become the living word. That's not hard to follow. He talks about he says then there's this is all in the first seal is where we didn't get to Wednesday. Then there comes forth seven mysterious thunders. That's not even written at all. That's right. Now, this is brother Brandham's early uh understanding of this. He's going to find out later. He says later in his ministry after the seals have been open and and and it keeps unwinding because it kept unwinding to him as well. That's why brother Brandon would come to uh you know what is the attraction on the mountain? this day the scriptur is fulfilled and you know uh is the rising of the sun and you know he he comes to all those and in one place he looks back and he says you know in this day the scriptur is fulfilled what happened back there in t in in in the in the coronada forest north of Tucson see and so even to brother Brandham it was becoming a greater reality my goodness I I thought I knew what happened now I'm two years in and I realized even more than even I thought was happening was happening. And now here we are decades later. I'm here to tell you something, friends. He doesn't have to worry about waiting on a little girl to grow up. She's a mature bride now. She's ready for his coming. She's ready for that flight to the skies for the marriage of the lamb. She's married here. The wedding supper is there. See? And so, so, and how does she get how does she married here? Well, how does anyone get married? They stand in front of the presence of an of a of an officer and say, "I do. I will take this man. Take this woman. I do. I will." And and and the bride comes at the end time. And now the man, Christ, the word is standing before her and she is saying, "I do. I will. I will take you, Jesus, to be my guide, to be my lawfully wedded husband." Amen. And the rest of the world won't do it. So, so he here he says there's coming forth seven mysterious thunders that's not even written at all. That's right. And I believe that through these seven thunders will be revealed in the last days in order to get the bride together for rapturing faith. Now, let me say this, brother Brandham. Later, he he's not going to change um um this doctrinal teaching. The doctrinal teaching is the seven thunders will be revealed uh in order to get the bride together for rapturing faith. That's that doesn't get changed ever. But he does make an amendment to the first part of it later years after the seals. And he says, "I used to think," he did, you can read it. He says, "I used to think it was something on the backside, something outside the Bible." He said, "But I found out it can't be anything outside of God's word." See, so we learn later that it must be something in the scriptures. So it's so it so now what you're seeing is what is it that that is going to perfect a bride and get her ready for a rapture. It'll be the restoration of what you read in Acts chapter 2. Amen. that the Jubilee comes, that the presence of God comes among the people. Now, it's not his coming. It's his appearing. Yeah. It's just his appearing. He's among them. How How is he appearing? It's the ministry of the son of man working in the people. You say, and then sometimes people get so confused. I I am astonished at how people can just not catch the whole thing at high altitude. And you know, you get things like, well, you know, now he's no longer the lamb of God. He's no longer interceding. The seals are open. Now it's he's judgment. Now it's the lion. And and you know, it all jams up. And well, then then how do I get forgiven for my sins if he's no longer interceding? If he's not still doing the work of the lamb and you say, you know, he's not the lamb of God. He's the lion of the tribe of Judah. Well, of course he is. Uh the ministry of the son of man, you know, he he's no longer the lamb interceding. Can I just say to you today, don't ever confuse what he's doing in the earth with what he is in heaven. What he is and what he's doing can be two different things. What he's doing in the ministry of the son of man is he's living inside of a people and the word is made flesh in the earth. That was what was happening in in Acts chapter 2. Amen. And it and it didn't require the understanding of the apostles. Even Paul wasn't even on the scene yet. But God was birthing a church by the prophecy of Joel, by the prophecy of Ezekiel, by the prophecy in the Psalms, that God was going to tabernacle inside a people. And that would be the word made flesh. And that's what we've been restored back to. No man have seen God at any time, but the only begotten hath declared him. Praise God. Amen. You see, look at the declaration and how misunderstood the declaration was because of the way they were talking and acting. The world thought they're drunk. Yeah. Peter said, "You're mistaken. This is not what what it looks like to you. If you really understood the Bible, this is what Joel prophesied. This is what Ezekiel talked about. This is what David It would take Paul to really farret all of that out later and take it all the way back. I mean, you know, that that that's where the divinity of Jesus Christ is so declared because, you know, when when you get books like like 1 Corinthians 15, I mean, that's the very first place that the world had an actual document where where Paul there in 1 Corinthians 15 uh I'm sorry, 1 Corinthians um I believe the 8th chapter where Paul is really dealing with the divinity of Jesus Christ. And that that was an understanding to the church prior to even the gospels being written. You understand? So, and Paul was conflating that divinity and taking it all the way back to the Old Testament to the Hebrew God. And there's where Paul was tying the two things together and saying he's not a second person. He's the person. But yet, we find that the word of God has already exploded on the scene. And it's the word made flesh. And that friends is what the message of the hour is all about. It's not because William Brandon was this, that, or the other. It's because God promised at the end time he would raise up a prophet under the spirit of Elijah and he would turn his church back to the original faith of the fathers and that would bring back again the original expression. That's why we have the all the power of Pentecost restored. We're not talking about Isuza. Right? That was just a third phase of a four-stage restoration of the bride tree. That even that wasn't the that wasn't the long-awaited restoration we'd waited for for 2,000 years. That would come under Malachi 4. And we've now listen friends, when you look at it and you you go back to Paul, and I got to be very careful how I say this list. I give you the wrong idea. So Paul, you I I've probably said this before here. I've said it many places. I'm sure I've said it here, but just to help your understanding. So, a prophet talks about how that a bride under her messenger is the final voice to the final age. Amen. Well, the reason that that's true is because Paul was the final voice for all the ages. Amen. And we've been restored back to that original foundation, which was Christ. And Paul said, "Nobody can change my foundation. Even I can't drop back and change it. Even an angel can't drop back and change it. It can't be altered. God, it came straight from God. And even God can't change it because God never changes his mind about his word. So nobody, I don't care how many years of divinity school they have, nobody has the authority to countermand the foundation that Paul laid down that Jesus was in fact the very God of heaven and that he wasn't a second or third person. he was the person. So they can change it with whatever document they want to produce. It doesn't change the truth of something. So So we find out then that and I and so I I'm saying all that to say this. So now when we when we come back to our day say, well, okay, so we've been restored back to that original day. Yes, that's true. And are we going to understand things beyond the Bible? No, nothing can come that's not in the scriptures. Amen. So, so everything that we're understanding doctrinally has to go back to the Bible. And it does. And that's provable. Amen. And and and and I and I accept all comers. I've defended the the teachings of the scripture by as a prophet taught them around the world. Never had anyone that could withstand it. And we say, "Come one, come all." Because the Bible explains itself. It doesn't need me to explain it. It interprets its own self very very good. It does a very good job of defending itself. Amen. And so this is why we see the supernatural moving in the way that it does. And and it's not just a babyhood. See, it's not just a babyhood. People uh they they they say, "Well, you know, when that which is perfect, it's come, then that which is in part is done away." And they're missing the the the immovable ancient landmark that God cannot be reduced. That's a reduction. If you say God used to be but now he no longer is. The church used to be but no longer is. Now you that's a reduction and you can't reduce God. You can't reduce his power. You can't reduce his signs and wonders. Yes. Because we came up out of a four stage restoration and we had to come up out of Luther and it wasn't the whole thing. And Wesley gave us more of the pie and it wasn't the whole thing and Isuza gave us more and then they denominated and then they split all up and then we're we're the products of that. We come up out of that stuff. And so we realize that that now that we've come to a maturity. Listen friends, when I was a baby, I sat in a high chair and made a mess. I ate with my fingers. I threw food. I dropped it all over the It's a good thing it was a big tray for a baby. They don't They don't They're just a baby. They make a big mess. They They eat. When I became a man, I still eat. Yeah. Amen. I didn't do away with eating, but now I use a spoon and a fork unless I'm eating fried chicken. And then I and then I'm careful to not make a mess. And if I spill any crumbs, I'll pick pick them up and eat them as well. Amen. So I So when I was a child, I ate like a child. Now that I'm an adult, I eat like an adult. So you don't reduce God from something, but but we have become a mature bride once again. and we are restored back cuz they didn't they didn't Paul didn't have to start correcting churches till after people be nobody came behind Peter and that 120 and said you guys are out of order you guys need to have this order you guys need to do this and do that and you got to have a room and a judgment nonsense Paul had to do that because the church began to become carnal and so if you're going to get if you're going to get humanly then the word has to deal with you humanly but we have been restored back to original faith of the fathers operating not not operating but operating with mature understanding in order decently properly like a mature person. Amen. When when a when a person just sits down and slop and food goes everywhere, you say, "Man, you need to grow up." See, you don't don't stop eating, but hey, get some etiquette. Get some manners about you because that's that's a that's a mess. See? So, so we All right, enough. Let me keep moving on. I don't want to get people's dander up. Anyway, all right. So when we look at what that early church faced, so I want to say very clearly they certainly Paul established the forever gospel that can never be added to taken from, changed, edited. Doesn't need addendums. It doesn't need anything from Elijah in this day. Doesn't need anything from you and me. That's right. But now let me just get you to let me take you to the next step. There were certainly things that this age faces that are quite unique to this age alone. Amen. I mean if you just think this through for a minute, Paul operated under the lion anointing which meant the pure word. But the only thing Paul really had to contend with was his Jewish brethren who are always trying to kill him. He had to contend with his Jewish brethren and he tried to get them to to make the transition over to the New Testament. He would argue with them and say or not argue but he would just say listen he said I if you're right then why is it that those high priests your high priest every year have to bring a new sacrifice that go back to the Old Testament. That wasn't the promise. The promise was that wasn't that that whole thing of lamb of bulls and goats and and a yearly sacrifice. Go back and read the promise. That's not what it was. That wasn't the endgame. The endgame was that there would be a the lamb of God and he would be a propitiation for everybody and we pass from death to life and never come back into the judgment again. And so I don't need a priest under the order of Aaron to go and make yearly intercessory for me. I am now under the order of Melchazdc who abideth a priest continually. I have a continual atonement for my life because I've received the full word. Oh, we are to rejoice, friends. That ought to just thrill our hearts today. Amen. Amen. Because it what it what it basically is saying to you is you don't need yearly to offer up uh the blood of bulls and goats because your stumblings and your mistakes can't be counted against you. There's no need for you to bring a daily lamb, right? There's no need. You're already forgiven. You're forgiven as soon as you repent. And I don't care if it's the 9114th time you've made that same mistake this week. The minute you repent from a true heart of repentance, you are forgiven completely. If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us. Amen. And the lamb of God is interceding there until that last name on the roll is called and sealed in. Hallelujah. So, so we we we find out that it had to be something in the scripture. So, right here in Peter's sermon in Acts two, you've got Joel's prophecy, you've got Ezekiel, you've got David, you got Daniel. And so this is where in fact is this is where brother Brham would go back to the book of Leviticus. And if you go back to the the book of Leviticus in the in the 30th chapter, you're you'll find that that there was a that that on the um that on the day after the sacrifice, yeah, that which would be Sunday, the first day of the week, Jesus rose, right? And so you find that that when he rose that was that when you go back to the look look at Leviticus the day after that sacrifice is made there is like a Pentecost there is a waving of the sheath that this is the first one to come up out of the out of the crop. But 50 days later when the Pentecost fell uh 50 days later then that was another then the Jews actually brought another wave sheath because it followed that that with that Pentecostal feast. And I don't want to get into the trenches of that today because I'm not teaching on that. But brother Brandon would go back and show that that there had to come at the end time if we've been restored back to Acts 1 and two then there has to be another sheath waving. There has to be someone who says the fullness of the word has come back and there's a people whose lives there's a messenger and there's a people whose lives are like Jesus. Paul uses that argument to prove there would have to be a resurrection of the sleeping saints. Because if there wasn't then death would remain unconquered but because he rose you'll rise. Amen. But now watch the dead in Christ didn't rise in Paul's day. They looked for it. It didn't rise in the second or third or fourth, fifth, sixth, or even as the seventh one wound out. Brother Brandham finally got to the seventh when he said, "We can't even go in the rapture in the shape the church is in. And it can't even get any better." So you see why the seals had to be open. A prophet had to come on the scene. Elijah had to be anointed with an eagle anointing. Yeah. See, so because it's got to be restoration, but it's got to be a restoration to the original word. But now we're going to have a lot more to deal with. That Paul's age didn't have to deal with. He had to deal with his Jewish brethren. And he had to deal with the white horse rider. Amen. Of deception. And that was it. under while Paul fought off his Jewish brethren and fought off the effects of the of the white horse, Paul was able to build and construct the foundation of the word which is Christ Jesus. And then everything gets built on top of that according to the blueprint. Right? Amen. All right. But now when when we go back and look at at our day, Paul only had to face the white horse rider. Paul never had an eagle anointing. It wasn't needed. Paul didn't have to face the pale horse. Paul didn't have to face uh the double barrel effect of the days of Sodom and the days of Noah combined. Amen. Because we live in a day where those two powers are conjoined and they're simultaneously alive and well and active in the earth today. Satan in Paul's day only had had 4,000 years. And brother Brandham said God was going to give him 6,000 years like God had taken 6,000 years to build his Eden. Satan was going to get 6,000 years to build his. And that's why when Paul when they would even go around saying the resurrection has come already, Paul would say that's impossible because when that happens, the man of sin will be revealed. And that and that wasn't even the man of sin wasn't even on a throne at that time. He was just a it was just a saying, just a spirit. It became a saying. Then it became a doctrine. Then in the ages, they sat a man and put a triple crown on him and they had a Jezebel spirit and he and it was the place where Satan's seat is. You see how that works through the ages? And so so and and even even then even everything didn't happen at le oysia. Brother JD knows that not everything. I mean they were arguing you know the the patriarch of Constantinople was still arguing over supremacy of the church with the Roman uh leader. And finally the the the emperor in 606 at the end of the third age going into Thotyra the emperor settles the matter officially and says the bishop of Rome is the head of the church universal and he actually became the first legally recognized pope. Now they'll say Peter and then a whole they got a whole list of names after that nonsense, you know, but but the first one that came was actually 606 when now you've got Bonafice III who's now the first official pope. So you're understanding that now we've had 2,000 years since that time. So now what do we have that they didn't have in the first age? Now we have a completed Satan's Eden. Amen. He's now had 6,000 years. We have Satan now by the popular demand of the people has been made uh the god of this evil age cuz he's worshiped. Now, you don't get to be the god of the whole age just because you've got satanic people who read a satanic Bible and worship you. It's going to take a lot more than that. It's going to take all the worldly entertainment to pander after him. It's going to take have to take education and science agreeing with him. It's going to have to take pull pits agreeing with him. It's going to have to be an abandonment of the word. The backbone of motherhood's going to have to be broken. The whole nation's going to have to backslide and cross over between judgment and mercy in 56 to 57. You're going to have to have all of that in place. And now we come to the end. And here's where we are. I'm glad we've got that that spirit of that eagle, friends, that that that is flying over us now. And were it not for election, were it not for the bleeding word, were it not for the restoration of the power of Pentecost, were it not for the presence of the Holy Ghost, the appearing of Christ, the son of man in flesh, made alive, and Christ is revealed to the world through our lives. Amen. No man hath seen God at any time. God dwells in a thick darkness. He dwells in a cloudy pillar. You can't see him. Amen. See, no man hath seen him at any time, but the son declared him. And then he comes back. No man hath seen him at all, but the brideg declares him. Yeah. Amen. The word, not the word doctrinally, that's argued over. What can't be argued over is when the word's made flesh. Hallelujah. The reason that can't be debated is because it can't be impersonated. You can't impersonate that real life. There's no counterfeit to it for someone to point to. They can have all their same old tired 2,000-y old arguments about the resurrection and Jesus and the Gospels and translations and this many times. And they can argue all that. But when the power of God is moving among his people, no one can deny that. Hallelujah. When we literally can walk through a time Paul didn't have to deal with darkness covering the whole earth and gross darkness on the minds of the people. Amen. Under the effects of the of the of the pre-opening of the seventh vial. We are the ones who have come into that when the strength of the eagle, it would take the strength of the eagle uh because now we're we're coming to the time when the man of sin is to be revealed at the end time. And so when the strength of the eagle anointing had to be in place for the bride to withstand Satan's Eden because what we've got right now, you know, as brother Brandon would say, uh, he said in the quote, he said, "We're going to have to have something further. We're going to have to have," and he thinks it's something on the backside and not even in the Bible. Later on, he corrects it, but his point was that we can't have enough faith hardly for divine healing. We've got to have enough faith to be changed in a moment to be swept out of the earth. He says, "And all of these evildoers is the first seal." And the seven seals that's been working mysterious in the church, and we will find out in a minute. It even worked in the name of a church. They call themselves the church. You see, if that isn't right, he says, "I wondered why. I've been so against denomination, not really knowing why." Amen. So, so we find that it starts back, brother Brandham said it started back in a mild form and it just keeps getting worse and worse on down and people go right into it saying, "Oh yes, this is just fine." But in the days of these things are made known, they finally go so bad until they go plum into the tribulation period. Amen. because a false prophet prophesied them into it and they went there by by feeding on the word of a false prophet. What can happen for you and me if we feed on the living word of God? Amen. See, so so all right, let me let me turn turn for home. You still with me? Amen. So we find that you know he had said in Exodus 33 and he's speaking to Moses and he said thou canst not see my face for there shall no man see me and live. See so even Jesus now now let's look at that in the New Testament era or or what we would call you know the Christian era in the time of Jesus. We're in the Holy Ghost era now. The Christian era was when Christ was walking the earth and the Greeks come to see him. Sir, we would see Jesus and Jesus is going to clear this matter up. No man can see God and live. And so Jesus is clearing up this matter. When the Greeks tried to see him, he's going to interpret the Old Testament teaching. And it's basically at the end of the day, it's going to be this. It takes a new birth to see me and not die trying to see me. So if you're trying to see me, be careful because no man can see this great revelation outside of a new birth and live. And that's why you get people who have probed and tried and tried to see it and saw parts of it and it ended up destroying their lives. Amen. Because they had never actually been born again. And so it's rendered, "No man who has not died spiritually, no man who has not been reborn by the spirit of God can see me." And so now, now this is exactly why a man-made system of denominational religion does not and cannot express the word of God correctly. Amen. Because it only knows him after intellectualism. It cannot express the life. And so the the the life it it must manifest God's life, God's invisibility must manifest in something that can be seen. And that was to be a man. That was to be his image bearer. That was to be his perfect masterpiece. Brother Brandham says here in the God who is rich in mercy. I'm watching my time closely. Stay with me. God is the word and it was made flesh and dwelt among us. Now that he might bring forth the other attributes of God. Amen. The body Jesus was the body of God. An attribute. Moses seen him pass and back part of him. No man had seen his face. But now we see him. We have beheld him. The apostle says we handled him. And so him as the sacrifice. Catch it. Now we've seen him as the sacrifice. Now he was an attribute of God being displayed the word. That's what he was. That's what they were misunderstanding on the day of Pentecost. The the unbelievers were thinking these are drunk men and saying you're you're misunderstanding the image. No man have seen God and you're seeing him for the first time. Here's Joel's prophecy. Praise God. See, so it must come into his body as a continuation of his ministry in the son of man. So, so it's God himself. All right. I I I don't want to repeat myself. I want to come to my last point. All right. I'm turning the corner now. We're going to run for the finish line. I need about 15 minutes. You good? I let you off the hook Wednesday, so hang hang with me. So now we find that what's to be revealed at the end time is God himself who is love. Yeah. He's abiding with us. Amen. And he's living in us. He's living his life through us to the world. Yeah. That is the mission of the last day bride. That's how she's the final voice to the final age. Amen. Amen. See, so this was established, of course, in the original church and was to be repeated at the end of time when everything else would be fulfilled. Like what I said, the when when when when Sodom and Gomorrah, that spirit, when the spirit of Noah, when all of that returns, when it draws time for the man of sin to be revealed, when Satan has had 6,000 years to build his Eden, when Satan is the god of the evil age, when darkness is covering the earth and gross darkness has plagued the minds of men. Amen. All right. So once that happens, then you have everything else in place. And then all we're waiting for is for the last names on the roll to be secured behind the token. Amen. Cuz that's on display. See? Amen. And and then and then brother Brandham says, "Then the dead for hundreds of years will raise. And then we which are alive shall be changed and lifted from the earth together to meet the Lord in the air." Amen. What we know to be as a secret catching away. the world won't realize it. Now follow me. I've said this before, but I want to say it with great clarity today. So when the bride is lit, here's a sequence end time events. Remember friends, I've been telling you and telling you, you are you're the greatest example of a modern event made clear in prophecy. Even though it's Satan's Eden, even though he's he's the God, even though it's darkness over the earth and gross darkness on the people, even though it's Sodom and Gomorrah and Noah, you're still a believer, you're still standing when it's impossible because you've got more than a lion anointing cuz you don't have to stop the white horse. You got to keep the pale horse from riding. Amen. So when the bride is lifted from the earth, then the blood is lifted from the earth because she's the bleeding word. You're the blood of God by the spirit. Amen. Be because because brother that that ring that's like a bumper that that God can't really see the the earth and all of its sin. God has that ring there so that he don't destroy his own family. Amen. So that when your sins would get up to him, they're buried in that blood ring. But once the bride goes up, that ring vanishes and then God can see the earth in all of its ugly sin. See? And so the level of sin in the earth is exposed. And now the king moves to judgment with nothing to hinder the man of sin. He now rides out in his full power. And the tribulation is on. Amen. As the bride rises from the earth, the eagle anointing rises with her, but he doesn't fly back to the throne. Rather, instead, he flies east. He anoints Moses and Elijah and introduces himself to his Jewish brethren that make up the 144,000 typed in Benjamin. Yeah. When the Lord comes, see, when the Lord comes in his appearing, the mystery of God is revealed to the world. Amen. Now, we're not talking about his coming. That's secret. They don't even see that happening. They don't even know it happens. They're going to miss his coming completely. They because he doesn't come to the earth. The bride lifts up off the earth and meets him in another dimension. The world's unaware of it. Oh my. You understand friends? So how is the world then going to be? How can God justifiably judge them if he hasn't first appeared before he comes? He's appeared in you and me. He's appeared in his word and a bride who's ate the word and now has become the word. Amen. So the man of sin is revealed. See? And so when we look at that, we see that that God now his final will and testament have been made known to the earth. I'm going to close this so I don't just keep keep going on and on. So the one of the beautiful things that the bride was prophesied to have at the end time was a return of the ministry of the morning star. Amen. Amen. until the day dawn and the day star rise in your hearts. So church, just have faith. Keep going on age to age after age. You're going to die. You're going to be martyed. You're going to go down. Don't worry. There's a name. Your name's on a roll. It can't be removed. You're going to sleep and sleep and sleep through seven ages until the midnight hour. And at the midnight hour, the midnight cry will go forth. Behold, the bridegroom cometh. The message of the hour goes forward. The bridegroom cometh. Go out to meet him. and five wise and five foolish rose and five wise went in with him and five foolish were left behind for the tribulation. Good people, sanctified people, uh save from destruction. They'll be in heaven. They'll miss the millennium, but they'll be in heaven. Amen. And so, so we they're granted eternal life. So, so when we look at that, the ministry of the morning star. Now, this is this is interesting. And and brother Brandham showed us that why, you know, when we say, well, why does the Bible say at the evening time it shall be light? Because the morning star and the evening star are the same star. Amen. The morning star is seen in the east, but by the time it gets into the western hemisphere, then it's a then it's a star that becomes luminous again in the darkness just before the sun comes back up. Amen. So the so the morning star that started in Isuza, I'm sorry, that started in in the upper room. Amen. When the word was on display, when the ministry of the son of man went from one man Jesus into 120 Jesus's and then it went from there to 3,000 and then it went from there to more thousands and the church began to grow. So the ministry of the morning star ran perfectly until the church fell away. And so he promised at the evening time, at the end of seven ages, the morning star would reappear and it would be the ministry of the token, the ministry of the full word. That's that's ready again to be made flesh. Say, just like it was in the upper room, just like it was in Jesus, just like it was in the upper room, just like it was in the church. Now restored back. Why? Because this is the final voice to the final age before the man of sin can be revealed and Satan can mount his pale horse. Amen. Amen. Now, what is unique is that the morning and the evening star are just Venus. The morning star and the evening star are just historical names attributed. It's Venus. Amen. And and so now we'll just give you some facts about this. And I I wish I had brother Doug Baker here to break it all down for us. But but the reason that Venus is so bright in the sky is because it is enveloped entirely completely enveloped in a cloud. Amen. And the the upper deck of the cloud is so in one mind and one accord. And there's such unity in the surface that it just beams back the sunlight to the earth. Hallelujah. And what's here's here's another fact. It's all about there's intrinsic light and then there's apparent light. And I don't want to get into the science of it, although I could, but but intrinsic light is the light that it actually has. But apparent light is the light you would see if you were further away than the Earth. Let's say you were on the planets of the outer realm. Let's say you're in Mars. If you're standing on Mars, Venus isn't going to look as bright to you. If you're going on out all the way out to Pluto and Neptune, if you're going all the way out there, then you probably wouldn't even see it at all. As bright as it is, you wouldn't see it at all because light spreads out. And then they have a they have a formula for that. Uh because every time every time the dispersion doubles, uh there's a square law that says light is quartered. So every time it goes further and spreads further and it doubles, then the light the visible light. So that's your apparent light. It doesn't that the intrinsic light never changed. It doesn't matter that the world can't see this message. We see it. The only reason they don't see it is they're too far away. And the further away you are, and I'm here to tell you today, the further away you get from Christ and his word, the less it will shine to you. But there is a cloud of witnesses that surrounds the morning star and it declares the sun is coming. Amen. Hallelujah, friends. Oh, and then when you realize then you've got an upper deck. And then then now don't think of down because just think of out. So the very first thing you're going to get is the upper deck of clouds which are all in one mind and one accord. And there's no area where other other planets have cloud cover but it's not complete. Venus is complete. in fact is that that that Venus, the rocky planet, is is unseeable by the human eye. Amen. It's even unseeable if you have a telescope. All you see is a bright thing in the in the heavens. Why? Because no man have seen Venus at any time, but the cloud of witnesses declare it. No man have seen God, but there's a witness. There's a living people. Hallelujah. And the further they are away from it, the dimmer it gets. And they don't see anything. But to you, it's everything. And then and then I I in my study I found out that that even the cloud has a uh and and Chad actually called it agreed with me. I said, "It sounds like after he explained it and I double checked all the references with NASA that I said it sounds like there's a hierarchical order that you've got the upper deck, but then as you penetrate getting closer to the core that the the composition changes." And it said, "Oh yes, that's exactly right. You're spot on." And every chat agreed that's exactly right. And the reason for that is is because the world only sees the outer shell. They only see the upper deck. They only see the people. Amen. That you and I, the brothers and sisters, but down inside once you go, once you start penetrating, then the pressures become so great and the temperatures become so hot. It takes special clouds to be that close to the surface. I'm so glad God has apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, and evangelists. Why? Because they're more than just the upper deck. They're down in there. And the closer you get, the worse your visibility becomes. Hallelujah. Because all you're seeing now is the reflected light of the sun. Amen. And in fact, I found out that no man has seen Venus at any time. All they can do all they can do is shoot it with radar from the Earth. And I have all the data from NASA where they've done that. But from an Earth view of the radar, they only get a low to medium grade resolution of the outline. It's some idea. See, because Bible students can probe at it and they can compare verse with verse and students can compare verse with verse and they can get a general sense of the word of God and some of the things but but it's not actually they're not actually seeing the full image. And so, you know, the only way they can actually see it, they have to put an infrared camera on a spaceship and they have to fly it over the planet. And then that thing can see down because it takes an astronaut. And it took a spiritual astronaut in our day that could see all the way to the core and say, "I know it just looks like people who are gathered and they're all crazy, but there's a there's an element at the center of this thing and it declares no man has seen God at any time, but the only begotten hath declared him." You and I, friends, we are that declaration today. You're you are the ministry of the morning star. You to the world. the world sees God through you or not. This is why Satan is afraid of you. This is why that he knows. He knows. A lot of times we don't seem to know it very good, but he knows that if the bride ever gets a real revelation of who she is in Christ under her messenger and that she can catch that revelation and catch that vision that the rest of the world can't see because we had a we had a spiritual astronaut who was able to to to to look down and peer in. And now we have a complete the complete revelation of the core of creation. And that's God himself. Amen. Why? Because that word became a man. And that man became a spirit. And that spirit lives in the church. Hallelujah. And that God has a plan. And I'm in it. And you're in it. And oh, I'm here to tell you friends, we're not going to need a spaceship. And I'm going to pass Venus so fast it'll leave it sitting still. I'm going to a world that's never been seen before. Oh, let's stand before I keep going. Listen, friends, that's exactly why I keep saying to you, you are you are a modern event made clear in prophecy. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, so much more that I wanted to say. We'll stop right there today. It's almost straight up 1:00. You love the Lord. Amen. You love the Lord. You believe the word. Amen. You want to say today, Lord, let that word live in me. Amen. Hallelujah. Can we sing uh that song, let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start. You know that, Anthony. Amen. Praise the Lord. That's what I desire, friends. I I'm here to tell you, for me, no part of life matters after that. I just want to be perfectly in his will. I want to know that my life is reflecting the is reflecting the presence of the sun. I want to know that my ministry, this whole ministry team here, we we noon and night feed on the word of God to feed it to you. We live our lives separate and we constantly stay in prayer because I know that there's not just surface atmosphere. as you getting as you're getting closer, God has that hierarchical order that maybe can stand a little more pressure than you can because they're gifted and called by God to stand that. See, you and that's why somebody who's never called to that office of ministry should never try cuz the Bible calls them uh fires that he he his his spirit are like fire is like fire and he calleth his angels ministering spirits. See, so so we realize that God has equipped us. You you understand now why that there's such a limited value. Even though it's better than anything the world has, but you're not the world. And if you just stay home and play tapes and that's all you ever do, there's benefit in that, but it's going to be greatly limited because the day is too dark. It's too evil. And we need to come together. We need to rub shoulders. We need to open the word together. We need to rejoice together. Amen. Amen. You need that that order that God has. Your job today is to be that upper deck. Say, "Lord, I want to be the upper deck of the morning star. I want my life." Come on. How many of you How many would say, "I want to be that upper deck. I want my life." Wow. Let me put my glass on. It looks like some persons aren't even raising their hands. Would you like to be the divisible display of God or not? If you would, you just leave your hands down. But I want to be the visible display of Almighty God. That's what I desire in my life. To me, nothing else matters after that. I've got to have that or perish. For me, that's the only thing that makes life worth a living. Let's bow our heads. Thank you, Lord, for the word today. Thank you for giving me the clarity of thought because looking at it all, trying to cipher it down, trying to whittle it down to a preachable sermon today has not been easy. And Father, I I thank you that you made it possible and that you blessed it. And you've said what you wanted to say. And as I stand here, as I live and breathe now, I feel like I've said everything that you wanted said. Now I leave it to you. I give it into the hands of the Holy Spirit. Lord, I I'm glad that the people have a desire. You saw the hands everywhere that say, "Lord, I want to be that visible image of the approaching son. I want the world to see that he's coming soon by being able to view my life." The world who maybe has never known God, think they know him and they only know him by a man-made system. Good people. Many of them. Millions of them. Good people. Good people who who would love you if they if they could just see you clearly. I pray today you reveal yourself, Lord. Reveal yourself. No man can see you. No man can force you to do it. But I pray that you reveal yourself to each and every individual here today in the building, out across the airwaves, live stream, archive, whatever by way it comes, Lord. And let us who are here today and we who are alive and remain we intend to remain in your word until you call us. I intend Lord to keep preaching and to keep striving and keep pressing toward that mark. That great prize, that high calling. Oh, it's a great prize Lord. What a trophy at the end to know I made it. I stayed the course. Got weary. Got hot. It was not easy. But I kept going. I kept putting one foot in front of another. I kept believing. I kept confessing. One of these days, it's going to be so worth it. Lord, as you said, as you as I've said many times on the the image I saw of you years ago, gesturing out from the image, you said, "I never promised you it would be easy, only that it would be worth it." Amen. Lord, how worth it it's going to be that day. I ask for your divine mercy on us all today, one and all, young and old, male and female, out across everywhere. May they gain strength, Lord, from what was heard today, what has been heard in the past, and what will be heard coming going forward. I commit it to you now. Let the Holy Spirit do his work. Everything that needed to be said has been said. And so I bow my head and I close out my sermon and we give it to you now. We'll sing. We'll worship. Let the Holy Spirit do that thing that he does so well in Jesus' name. Amen. Let's sing it. We know this song. Let's sing it with brother Tony. Let your word be born in the m of my heart. Let it live me. Let it all live inside the house of grace and mold it every day. Let your word be born in the Oh my heart. Sing that again. Let your word be born. Let your word your word be born in the manger of my heart. There is song live inside my desire and mold it every day. Let your word be in the one more time. That's so beautiful. All together. Come on believers. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let it fall. t of clay. There's a worthy. Give me the verse, brother Mark. Well, outwardly I'm nothing. Oh, that's okay. Right here. Well, outwardly I'm nothing. Not much to behold. hardly a place for his word to unfold. Yield this vessel and let him have his way from glory unto glory. Hallelujah. He'll change me by day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let me let inside this house of flame and mold it every day. Let your word be in a rain. The chorus one more time. Word before in the manger of my heart. Oh, let me live inside. [Music] Oh, let's worship him. Oh, he's worthy of our worship. Oh, let's not be in too big a hurry. This is his time. Give me a Give me a verse. Give me a verse. It was a tiny simple st. It was a tiny simple stable. Think about it. All beaten and warm. Hardly a place hardly a place for a king for the king to be born. They didn't choose some place special. to some place special. What's he going to do? Reveal. Reveal his I know if I give him control, he'll be born in me. Let your word be born all together in the manger of my heart. Oh, inside house [Music] without nothing. Lowardly I'm nothing. Think about it. Not much to behold. Hardly a place for his word to unfold. But if I But if I just yield and let his way from glory to change me day by day in the manger of my heart. Let it live in me. Let it start. Live inside this house of gra and hold it every day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let your word be born in the manger. [Applause] [Music] This house [Music] God bless you friends to be dismissed in Jesus name. Let's keep singing it as we worship. Was a tiny simple stable all beaten and warm. Hardly a place for a king to be born. needed choose some place special to reveal his majesty. But I know if I give him control, he'll be born in me. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. Let me let this house of flame day [Music] be born in the manger of my heart. [Music] Well, I'm nothing. Not much to behold. Hardly a place word to unfold. But if I'll just yield this blessed soul and let him have his way from glory on to glory. You change me day by day. Let your word be born in the manger of my heart. [Music] There is this house and hold it every day. Let your word in the manger of my heart. I give myself give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. Here I am. Here I stand. Lord, my life is in your hands. Lord, I longing to see your desires reveal in me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Take my heart. Take my life as a living sacrifice. All my dreams all my Lord I place them in your hands. I give myself away. Give myself away. I give myself away. So you can use me. Oh my life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. Oh my life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. I want to be holy, [Music] rightuous in your image, in your likeness. For you are holy. You are faithful and true. Oh my Jesus, I want to be like you. I want to be holy, [Music] holy, so holy. I want to be holy, rightous [Applause] in your image, in your likeness. For you are holy. [Music] You are faithful and true. Oh my Jesus, I want to be like you. I want to be holy, [Music] holy, soy. [Music] year. [Music] There's a cry. There's a burning [Music] deep inside. There's a longing only you can sisfy. [Music] In your presence I have stayed. I have lingered. I have prayed to be like you as you are. For the deepest [Music] cry of my heart is how I'm to be holy, righteous in your image in your likeness. For you are holy. [Music] You are faithful and true. Oh my Jesus. I want to be like you. Oh Lord, draw me. Call me. Lead me. to follow. I surrender. [Music] Surrender. Take me deeper. Take me higher. Oh Lord, draw me. Lord, call me. Lord, lead me. I will follow. I surrender. [Music]
