################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - 250629-Jason WatkinsFuture Events Becoming Clear By Prophecy Pt.3 - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-29
Title:   250629-Jason Watkins:Future Events Becoming Clear By Prophecy Pt.3
Speaker: Jason Watkins
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w1foe3aQuO4
========================================

Description:
Brother Jason Watkins ministers the Sunday Morning service "Future Events Becoming Clear By Prophecy Pt.3 -" On June 29th, 2025 We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Make it ever true. [Music] Change my heart. Oh God, may I be like you. Oh, you are the father. I am the plain. [Music] Mold me and make me. This is what I pray. Change my heart, oh God. [Music] Make it ever true. Change my heart, oh God. [Music] May I be like you. You are the potter. [Music] You are the potter. I am the clay. Mold me and make me. This is what I pray. Let's give the Lord a walk wave offering this morning. Change my heart, oh God. M. [Music] Make it ever. Change my heart, oh God. May I be like, brother Luther, if you come. Oh, you are the father. I am the claim. Holy and [Applause] [Music] this is why that I pray again. [Music] Change my heart, oh God. [Music] Make it ever true. Is that what you want? Change my heart, oh God Jesus. May I be like you. Amen. That's your desire today. Brother Jason was speaking this morning. There was there was three words he said. Conditions. That's four conditions of your heart. Four words. and how I just what is the condition of my heart this morning? What is the condition of your heart this morning? Amen. Just want to be so true. I can't wait although I have to to get rid of this old mortal thing. Amen. As our brother spoke about sin and repentance, it's a constant thing. And brother Brandham said, "You're going to have that sticky old nature till you get out of here. But you got to keep it under control." And that's what he gives you the Holy Spirit for. Amen. I have a prayer request this morning from Sister Andrea. It says, "Please remember Sister Ruby Vallejo having surgery Monday at 9:30 to have stints put in her carterid arteries. Her heart and the physical needs help." Amen. Let's pray. Father, we love you this morning. We just humble ourselves before you, Father, knowing you are the great King, the Lord of Lords, and the King of Kings. Father, I love you, Father, and I praise you this morning. How I can look at my own life so many times, Father, and Lord, how I just I want to do better. I want to come up higher, longing for the day with a change of this body, Lord. I pray for your people this morning. We remember Ruby Vallejo, sister, father, this morning. Lord, this old body picks up all kinds of things as our brother Brando spoke about. And Father, you've also blessed the medical field with many marvelous things that they can do to help us as she goes into surgery tomorrow. May she be comforted with the fact that we many saints are lifting her up before you, Father, praying that in the name of Jesus Christ, Lord, that she would come out of this surgery well and good. Father, you watch over the doctor's hands. What if it was me, Father? Or what if it was one of these? Our own pastor, Father, has gone through a procedure, Father, of the heart. And Lord, we're so thankful that you brought them through. We pray for our sick and our afflicted this morning. We lift them up before you, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ that you'd watch over them. Help them, Father, each and every one. And Lord, we just pray for the breaking of the bread this morning. That wonderful gift you've ordained in this day and time, Father, the preaching of the gospel. May it have full preeminence today in this place and those that would stream. And Father, as we collect the tithes and offerings, I pray that you bless the cheerful giver. Father, we're so thankful that you blessed us. You keep us, Father. There are many people today going without a food, without roof over their head. Father, we just pray and thank you so much for your blessings in Jesus' name. Amen. [Music] [Applause] Amen. He F. Amen. Let the glory of the Lord rise among us. Let the glory of our Lord rise among us. Let the praise of our King rise among us. Let it rise. Sing. Let it rise. Let the songs of our Lord rise among us. Let the songs of our Lord rise among us. Let the joy of our King rise among us. Let it ride. [Music] Oh, oh, let [Music] the glory of our Lord rise among us. Let the glory of our Lord rise among us. Let the praise of our king rise among us. Let it rise. Say, "Oh, oh, let it rise." Somebody say, "Oh, [Music] let put our hands together for the Lord. Let the glory of our Lord rise among us. Let the glory of our kings rise among us. Let the praises of our king Rise among us. Say it right. Somebody say [Music] oh. Let it ride one more time. Oh. Oh. Let it rise. [Applause] [Music] Amen. Amen. M key of G. Amen. Let's sing a little bit of King of Glory. Amen. Yes. The world will bow down and say you are God. [Music] Every man will bow down and say you are king. So let's start right now. Why would we wait? [Music] King of glory, fill this place. Just want to be with you. I just want to be with you. [Music] King of glory. King of glory. Feel this place. Just want to be with you. I just want to be with you. [Music] Yes. The world will bow out and say you are God. Every man will bow out and say you are king. So let's start right now. Why would we wait? We can praise you now in victory. King of glory. Feel this place. I just want to be with you. [Music] I just want to be with you. King of glory, King of glory, feel this place. I just want to be with you. just want to be. Let's give the Lord a wave of offer. King of glory, King of glory, oh just want to be just want to be with you. Oh, just want to be with you. Say, King of glory, king of glory. Oh, I just want to be with you. Just want to be with you. Oh, just want to be with you. One more time. King of glory. Glory. Oh, feel this place. I just want to be with you. [Music] Just want to be with you. And we'll sing. We'll sing hallelu until you come again. and we'll dance in your presence until you come again. We'll sing hallelujah. We will sing hallelu till you come again. We'll dance in your presence. and in your presence until you come again. We'll sing hallelujah. We will sing hallelujah till you come again. We'll dance in your presence. Dance in your presence till you come again. Sing hallelujah [Music] till you come again. And we'll dance in your presence till you come again. King of glory, sing. King of glory, [Music] feel his praise. I just want to be with you. [Music] [Applause] Just want to be with you. Just want to be with you. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. [Music] Give me the kids see. Let's just worship the Lord for a few moments. Amen. [Music] He's all I need. He's all I need. Jesus is all I need. [Music] He's all [Music] I need. Jesus is all I need. I'll worship him. I will worship him. Oh, I will worship him in spirit and in truth. I will worship him. I will worship. [Music] Oh, I will worship. in spirit and in truth. He's all I need. He's all I need. [Music] Oh, Jesus [Applause] is all I need. He's all I need. He's all, oh, he's all I need. Jesus is all I need. I'll take him now. Oh, I will take. [Music] Oh, I will take him now for all that I need. In worship, I will take him. I will take him, man. for all that I need. One more time. I will worship him. Oh, I will worship him. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, I will worship him. Oh, I will worship him. [Music] Amen. And let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. You may be seated. We're going to get Sister Brenda to come on give us a song this morning. Amen. Sister Brenda, let's give her a hand. Amen. [Music] I'm forgiven because you were forsaken and I'm accepted. You are condemned [Music] and I'm alive and well. Your spirit is within me because you died and rose again. [Music] And I'm forgiven because you were forsaken. And I'm accepted. You were condemned. And I'm alive and well. Your spirit is within me because you died and rose again. Amazing love. How can it be that you, my king, would die for me. [Music] Amazing love I know it's true. And it's my joy to honor you in all I do. I honor you [Music] and I'm forgiven because you were forsaken. [Music] I'm accepted. You were condemned. and and I'm alive and well. Your spirit is within me because you died and rose again. Amazing love. How can it be that you, my king, would die for me? Oh, amazing love. I know it's true. [Music] And it's my joy to honor you. In all I do, I honor you. [Music] Amazing love. How can it be that you, my king, would die for me? Oh, amazing love. I know it's true. And it's my joy to all you in all I do, Lord. Let me honor you. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Amen. Brother Aaron had a song for us this morning. Amen. Let's get Brother Aaron to come and give us a song. [Applause] Amen. Brother Rodney, you got us a song this morning. All right, you come up next right here after brother Aaron. Brother, let's give brother Aaron another hand. Amen. [Music] There is nowhere else I'd rather be than seated in the presence of my king. You're the only one I'll ever need. Your majesty is all I want to see. [Music] All I want is you. All I want is you. [Music] My soul longs even face for the Lord in this place. You're the source of my strength. Yahe forever home in your house. I'm standing on holy ground where all I want has been found. Yah way. [Music] There is nowhere else I'd rather be than seated in the presence of my king. [Music] You're the only one I'll ever be. Your majesty is all I want to see. All I want is you. All I want is you. My soul longs even faith for the Lord in this place. You're the source of my strength. Yah way forever holding your house. I'm standing on holy ground where all I want has been found. God way. [Music] And even a sparrow finds a home. [Music] And even the weary find their rest. And just a day here in your court is better than a thousand anywhere else. And even a sparrow finds a home. [Music] And even the weary find their rest. Just a day here in your court. Better than a thousand anywhere else. Oh, my soul longs even face for the Lord in this place. You're the source of my strength, Yahe. Forever home in your house. I'm standing on holy ground where all I want has been found. Yahe. And even the sparrow finds a home. Even the weary find their rest. Just a day here in your courts is better than a thousand anywhere else. Even the sparrow finds a home. Even the weary find their just today here in your is better than a thousand anywhere else. Better than a thousand anywhere else. Better than a thousand anywhere else. Better than a thousand anywhere else. Yah way. [Applause] [Music] [Music] It's good to see everyone. said, "Uh, you know, Lois and I haven't seen you in a long time in person, but I'd like to ask her to come up here and play the piano for me at this time, too." Yeah. Y'all didn't know I believe in women preachers, did you? Ain't that a good message? [Music] I seen some of the script the the sentence lines on that song just a minute ago. It says get started. And I see all these young people here, Sister Davy. I've seen all these young people here a lot grown up some more than they were when I was here last. But I would tell you, get started. Go for the kingdom. Don't hold back. Take the book. Witness. Do something for someone. Your classmates, your schoolmates, the people you're around. Go for the kingdom. Don't sit around. Don't hold back. We got the greatest message that's ever set been on earth today. [Music] There's a fountain that is blowing [Music] from a place called Calvary. [Music] There is healing in its water. There is joy and victory. Oh, have you been beneath that fountain? There's no other place to go. It's flowing down from Calvar's mountain and it will wash you white as snow. Other waters will be bitter for they can not satisfy. But this fountain flows forever. It will never never shall run dry. Oh, have you been beneath that fountain? There's no other place to go. It's flowing down big mountain and we'll wash you white as snow have you been beneath that fountain. There's no other place to go. It's flowing down from Calvar's mountain. It will wash you white as snow. Let's all stand. Amen. How many's ready for the word this morning? [Music] Let's sing a little bit. Only believe. [Music] Only believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Only believe. Only believe. Oh believe. [Music] All things are possible. Only believe. Jesus is here. [Music] Jesus is here. All things are possible. [Music] Jesus is here. Jesus is here. Jesus is here. All things are possible. Jesus is here. I will serve him now. I will serve him now in spirit and in truth. I will serve him now. I will serve him now in spirit and in truth. [Music] Amen. He's all I need, friends. Is he all you need? I love telling him that. I love telling saying, "Lord, you are truly all that I need." Amen. We greet you in the name of the Lord. Today we have um one particular prayer request that came to me uh from Sister Phyllis. She said, "Good morning. Please remember Susie and her husband Dmitri in prayer at church this morning." She has preops around 9:00 a.m. on Monday. Uh and her surgery is at 1:00. So that's tomorrow. I'm trusting in the Lord's plan. That's a good place to be, isn't it? I'm trusting in the Lord's plan. We appreciate your prayers so much. Thank you. Missing being there with y'all already. Amen. Well, we certainly miss Sister Phyllis's smiling face here among us. She's going to be up there for a number of weeks. Amen. The families, um, ask her to be there. So, uh, we're here. We're going to carry on in the Lord. Amen. Amen. Turn around and shake hands with somebody. I can see you need to do that. Amen. No, you start over. Stop. Shake that hand. Say, "God bless you." Big old smile. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Micah, good to see you, bud. Praise the Lord. Happy to have you here with us today. Amen. We're going to invite you into the scripture this morning to the book of Daniel. Amen. Brother Daniel, we're going to preach from your name's sake today. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Chapter 12. Daniel chapter 12. Amen. Oh, well, I'm not going to get there in the book of Malachi, will I? Um, I want to by the help of the Lord continue today in my in my study on uh our future events that are that are facing us, events that are happening right now and future events. And I'm I just kind of will maybe give a little bit of a qualifier. I'm not today trying to qualify every prophecy that we see. That's a kind of a teaching service. That's um I'm trying to do a little something a little different today. We're going to just mention a few places that that I have put down in my notes to make, you know, just to kind of get us all understanding that first of all, we're at the end of the end times. That's first. And that we're all in this thing together. Amen. And so, you know, I I I would imagine that the people are who are super spiritual have a hard time waiting on people like me who are not. So, and can you please catch up so we can all go into the rapture? Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Ask your neighbors, he talking about me? Amen. Talking about us all, friends. We're all in this thing together, aren't we? Amen. So, I want to really focus my attention today on something I've been trying to get to for weeks, and that is, you know, we've talked about how that really you are the most notable modern event made clear in prophecy. And I hope that sticks. I hope you really absorb that that the bride of Christ is the most notable. Just like brother Brandon would referring back to the ministry of the son of man that could discern the secrets of the heart. And he was saying there in the 1960s this is the the last sign you'll see. Now he wasn't the point is not the last thing they'll see is someone who can discern the secrets of hearts. We know that that's Christ and he he was doing that back in Genesis. So that's not the part that's, you know, that brother Brandham is trying to emphasize. I don't think that's where the Holy Spirit is just saying to us. Well, 70 years ago, the earth saw its last sign. You have to realize, friends, that the ministry of the son of man means the word made flesh. And and so a prophet was on the scene showing showing the sign of what it would look like when the word lives in flesh right near the end time. Amen. Amen. But you realize that the bride of Christ was just in her infancy at that time. She was certainly not. And we've had to come through that growth. And we can look back and we can say, "Well, this camp and that camp and this preacher and that kingdom builder and this schism and that problem." But I'm just want to tell you something. There's really never been a problem in God's word or his family. He's in always been in control. Everything has clicked right along. I get that there's the fringe. I get that there's fanaticism. I get it. But I'm not here as a news reporter to point you to all the negative things. I want to have a message of thus sayeth the Lord that is positive that you are being changed. The world is coming to a transition. It is not ending. That's the first thing. The world is not ending. It's transitioning. The millennium is coming. Nothing can stop it. It's coming. And everything that is before that is being not going to be it is being swept aside. Amen. And mankind every 24 hours is 24 hours closer to his self-destruction. And I say that with underscore. It is not God going to destroy the world. It is God simply going to remove the hindrance to man destroying himself. And that is the bride leaving the earth. And when she leaves, then the the the bleeding word is gone from the earth. There's no more ring of mercy. God sees the earth in its horrible state. And then and then judgment pours out all of those vials and everything that came up under seals, trumpets, and vials. Everything that happened in partiality in those vials are going to be poured out in fullness. what they broke partially in the ages. Uh they're going to be just like brother Brandham said, a seal partially opened, a mystery dropped, a messenger caught it, ran with it. Right. Right. Come on. Don't let me have to start over with fundamentals. And and the messenger ran with it. It gathered a bride. The messenger fell asleep. That bride fell asleep. People came in behind it, denominated it, which was a rejection of the of the original message. And then a plague was dropped. See, judgment, a temporary, brother I'm called it a temporary judgment. So you've got those vials partially just like the seals partially cracking open. The vial partially cracks open and we realize that in the last day when brother Brandham is standing there and he throws that rock up into the air and he says, "You've got to do something." And so he remember brother Ma uh Matthew preaching on how you disturb the atmosphere around you. And so he said, "You've got to do something." Just like Elisha threw meal into the poisonous food. Right? So, so you he threw a rock up in the air. He said it went up and it come down and it creates a little vortex, a little disturbance in the atmosphere. And he said, "Thus sayeth the Lord, judgment striking the West Coast." He said it lifted from there and headed west. Came down in Alaska as a as a pre-warning. And he said, "Wait till it comes down head and shoulders there on the West Coast." And we know uh all the prophecies that are coming when that when that prophecy is fulfilled and they denied what he said and said it wasn't true and accused him of this and that and he just simply said you'll find out one of these days when well Los Angeles is laying beneath this ocean and so they will find out. I that my personal belief is that's the possibly right at the the time of the bride and the resurrection and I don't want to preach all that this morning. even preached it before. We've placed that in the Gospel of Matthew 27 and Matthew 28. There's two earthquakes there. So, we've had the one at Alaska. We've got one on resurrection morning. And I think that if if if that pattern holds, then that would be the earthquake that would bring the sleeping saints, which explains why brother Brandham thought we would see the California quake. I'm just not sure I'll see it in this body. Amen. I think I might have a new one by that time or or a simultaneous event. I'll take it. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, so, uh, you know, we're looking at it like that. So, I said all that to say this that that the bride has grown into her maturity and therefore now the it's still true only now even more so. um more so not by something additional but by the maturing of something. Brother Brandon was saying this is the last sign you'll see. I'm here to tell you the very last thing that the earth is seeing right now is a mature bride being ready for the rapture. She's the image of the word made flesh. She's moving throughout. She has the she has thus sayeth the Lord or she keeps still. Have you ever thought that that's not about you trying to imitate brother Brandham and get in a pull pit and say thus sayeth the Lord. It's that it's a voice of your life is thus sayeth the Lord. The way our marriages are conducted is thus sayeth the Lord. The way our church is run, that's thus sayeth the Lord. You're the final thus sayeth the Lord. Praise God. The earth will ever see. Amen. That's right. And when that capstone and that earthly bride unite completely and that's the last thing that's we're we're moving toward that we're hurling towards it. And when that happens, brother Brandham said, then the dead for hundreds of years will come up out of the grave and we which are alive will be changed and off we go. Oh my. May it be so, Lord Jesus. Even so, come quickly. Amen. And so this is this is where I want to try to get you to comprehend because as I and I know you're still standing uh because I I but I'm attaching back to when we were last speaking, you know, showing these kinds of things. So So let's read our our verses in Daniel chap 12. Amen. So it's a lot to do with with theophony today. our word body. And so we we we talked to you last time. That's why when it when it talks about you've heard from your theophony, it's it's all part of a recognition. I want to deal with that today because that's really the strength of overcoming. That's why Jesus had such power because having been theophony before he was flesh, which you bypassed, but having been theophony before he was flesh, that that revelation of who he was, that he had come from God, went back to God, that he and his father were one, that is will conquering because he had a human will that had to be conquered. Amen. The Bible says he learned obedience by the things he suffered. Is that scripture? The Bible says God hath made that same Jesus both Lord and Christ. Amen. Is that scripture? The Bible says the child submitted himself to Joseph and Mary. Is that scripture? So he was fully God. He was fully a man. Now you if you try to understand that in your own finite terms, it's not going to make sense. You have to remember Jesus was a brand new type of human like none had that ever been. Amen. He was a prototype of what every son and daughter are coming to. Amen. Right. All right. So that's why when you die here, you go to that theophony body already in the heavens. And if you're alive and remain, that theophony comes and joins with you and then that becomes a glorified body. Wow. Friends, isn't that beautiful? Then then that should give your life purpose and meaning. You should understand I'm here. My goodness, I'm here for a reason. Yeah, I'm to accomplish something. All right, may we please read Holy Spirit? All right, verse one. I'm sure you can tell my mind is just uh already there. And at that time, Michael shall Michael stand up the great prince which standeth for the children of thy people. And there shall be a time of trouble such as never was since there was a nation, even to that same time. And at that time thy people shall be delivered, everyone that shall be found written in the book. And many of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake, some to everlasting life, some to shame and everlasting contempt. And they that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament. and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars forever and ever. But thou, oh Daniel, shut up the words, and seal the book, even to the to the time of the end. Many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall be increased. Let's pray. Father, we commit ourselves into your hands today and we ask for your divine will to go forward. Lord, I humble myself again in your presence. Unworthy and unfit, Lord, as we are, but in you, Lord, you have made us worthy. And Father, so we go forward in faith, just like you went forward in faith, aware of who we are, aware of why we're here. I understand it, Lord, better than I ever have before in my life. It gives me purpose. It gives me a renewed feeling to press the battle like never before. There's a great accomplishment to be accomplished laying just ahead of us. It's just a little ways ahead of us. So Lord, help us now to press to that mark. We commit ourselves into your hands today completely. I'll need you to be in complete control in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you friends as you're seated. Amen. Praise the Lord. Just saw a prayer request, but I'll certainly take that up. Amen. Personally, now I just want your undivided attention. We're going to um I'm going to watch the clock very carefully and uh I'm going to allow myself the 55 minutes to get back around to the top of the hour. Um wherever we are at that point, uh if I'm within a few sentences of the end, I'll carry on. And if it looks too far, we'll pull the parachute and jump out and we'll pick it back up. Amen. We've got Brother Diggs coming the the uh the 9th, Wednesday the 9th for us. So, just to make that little announcement, we had a wonderful time Friday night, Brother Matthew and I and uh Brother Brad and Sister Sarah. We were there in Colombia to hear Brother Ron Peterson. My goodness, what a wonderful atmosphere and a wonderful sermon that was. Brother Brham says in the exposition of the seven church ages in the thigh and church age and you know you were you're going to remember that I've instructed you to see the correlation between that fourth age and the se the seventh age. They're they share a lot of similarities and and because and I could turn to read it but we we're not we're going to save time. We've taught on it before, but that's the time when the Antichrist, you know, took full control. You've got a crowned false prophet. You've got him sitting in Satan's seat. You've got Jezebel religion. You've got forced religion. You've got the commencement of dark ages. Amen. So, we find that that comes back again at the end of the seventh age. Jezebel religion is now in control. Darkness has has covered the whole earth and gross darkness the minds of the people. The Antichrist system and his image are in full control of events. Don't be fooled. They're in full control now. What they're choosing to exercise uh uh is not what they could be doing. But just remember this that their choices are limited so long as you are here. They they might not acknowledge that. They wouldn't want to think that. Brother Brandham said Jezebel did not believe that Elijah was her pastor, but he was nonetheless. She didn't listen to him. That didn't stop God. Amen. And she still suffered the fate that that the prophet said she would. So it doesn't matter. They can jump up and down and roll on the ground, throw dirt in the air, and march and hold up signs and wave flags. It's not going to stop the word. The world is transitioning. The millennium is coming. And whatever is not millennial is passing away from this world once and for all. So, brother Brandham says here, here's another cor correlating point from the fourth age. He brother Brandham says in in the cab, the thotiry age, I will put upon you, he's reading the scripture, I will put upon you none other burden. See, so there they they were they were in a time where it was so notable to God that this is the time of Satan in full control, dark ages, Jezebel, triple crown pro false prophet. I mean it the church was almost extinguished. And so because of that, God said to them, you know, I I know you've got this and that and I've got a concern about this and that, but however, uh, if you'll just do this, I'll put no other burden upon you. And I love correlating to today because the condition for me to be born again is not to checkbox a list of rules or to accomplish a bullet list. It's not about how successful I am with keeping the message. He said, he says, and here's the requirement that you believe the word for your hour. Now, that's more than a mental ascent. And that's the that's the tricky part because it's not just agreeing with the teaching. The devil agrees with the teaching, but it's that your life from the from the bed of your life, the bedding ground of your life, you're willing to say, "Amen." in my life to whatever the word has called for. Whatever I've got to leave, separate from, depart from, change, flip, do over, start back, go again. Whatever direction, I'm here to say amen to what I know. Amen to what I don't yet know. Whatever is my future, amen. I'm already saying amen. And I'm not going to change it. That's right. I'm a believer. Full stop. Praise God. I will never not be. Amen. See, I I would rather die than not be a believer because to me to live is Christ and to die is gain. So, so I'd be better off if I went on like Paul said. But if I'm going to have to be here, I'm sure going to be a believer. You can bet your bottom dollar on that one. I'm going to be a believer. I may not operate perfectly. I may stumble and fall, but don't you ever think I'm not a full thoroughbred believer of every word that God has sent in this hour. And it is my daily striving to to emulate that and manifest all of the word in my life so that my conversation, my my life activities are the final voice to the final age. Amen. Amen. So, Brother Brandham is saying here they So, and and he's saying to to us, I will put no further burden on you. So, you don't I I I won't require you to be some super duper duper beyond your ability. I'll just require you to be what I've called you to be. And And you say, "Well, Lord, but I I I know it, but I don't I'm having a hard time getting there." Just believe it and keep pressing the battle. Just keep pressing. Just keep reaching for a higher handhold on the mountain and pull yourself up a little higher. Amen. We're we're marching. We're climbing to Zion. Oh, put no other burden upon you. The word for burden is weight or pressure. He says the pressure of the dark ages was either bend or be broken, bow or die. It was the Inquisition, the power of the empire backing up satanic worship. It's where we're at today. Be organized or pay with your life. Now, the when that comes to pass, that'll be Lot's children. Amen. That'll be for the foolish virgin. And when they won't join, they will choose death. But that's not for Abraham's children. Amen. So he says here, so he says, "Be organized or pay with your life." Each age had its pressures. For example, a great burden of the last age. Hello. Amen. Are you Is that you? A great burden, not the only one, but it's a great one. This a biggie. All right. A great burden of the last age is the pressure of riches. Yeah. soft living and nervous tension in a complex age that come on, let's own it. We seem unfitted to live in. Amen. Amen. And we we can all say amen to that. We know that soft living and riches, many have, as James said, many have pierced themselves through with riches, chasing after it. Nothing wrong in and of itself, but it's what are you chasing? What are your priorities? What are you doing to accomplish those things? See, so if you're willing to go outside of the path of God's will for your life, then there's where you're going to have a problem. As long God may have a path for your life that acquires wealth. And that's fine. If that's God's path for your life, he knows who can handle it, who can't. Most can't. Some can. And so God knows who to bless in that way. in others, he'll bless them in other ways. And the rich man will go, "Man, if I just had your kind of an attitude and spirit, I I struggle with this and struggle with that." And here you are thinking they're a superch Christian, and you realize they think you're a superch Christian. Oh, I'm just glad that we're all believers. Amen. And that's how that's my barometer on on, you know, where you are in your life. That's how I gauge as a shepherd because I'm I'm I'm committed to taking uh the the master said to me when I was very young, here's a here's a group of lambs. I want you to take them and go along the mountain and the hillside and the valleys and care for them and watch over them and feed them, nurture them, protect them, and bring them back to me mature and bearing wool. And that's what I'm doing to this day, 30 years later. Hallelujah. So, the thing that concerns me is when I see my flock trying to go after weeds, and brother Brandon said, "A real shepherd will almost jerk them away from it if he has to." I'm sorry if it comes on strong sometimes, but I have a commission. I I I I I answer to somebody. See, and so we realize that soft living, the pressure of riches, nervous tensions in a complex age. Brother Adam would call it a neurotic age. We seem unfitted to live in. That is so true. We so long for our heavenly home. Amen. Our our millennial life back here on earth. It's coming. Reel in the Holy Spirit. It's coming. Amen. See, brother Brandham comes to this message that I've been so rolling around in. Who is this Melzdc? Being eternal in him at the beginning. Now, we've talked about some of this before, but I felt obligated that I needed. And I've got probably at least maybe five or a half a dozen small excerpts of Brother Brandham saying what I'm trying to preach to you today as a theme so that you'll know this isn't something brother Jason pulled out of thin air. I want it established in your hearts by the messenger. Amen. So, Brother Brandham says, and I'm just going to read it verbatim. being eternal with him at the beginning. The eternal life that you had and I on purpose didn't put it on the slide. I want you just to focus listening. The eternal life that you had, his thought of what you was only he wanted to he wanted me to stand in the pull pit. Say he wanted you to sit in the seat. Then we are serving his eternal purpose. Amen. So you don't have to be over in Russia or China preaching. You're serving his eternal purpose right now. There's there, you know, I mean that that it's such a privilege to come to the house of God and serve his eternal purpose. So when you so when you find people who are not doing that and they're supposed to be believers, then you automatically know they have a different purpose. They're operating their purpose, not God's purpose. I that might sound offensive, but that's the truth. Amen. If Christ is not the center of your life, then you're guiding part of your life, and you're not supposed to do that. Amen. And he so he says he wanted you to sit in the seat. Then we are serving his eternal purpose. And now here it is. This is heavy, man. This is heavy. And the one that left home only come to the earth to serve his purpose. So I left a home somewhere. And I came here to build a career in a bank account. I left home and I came here to be a leader of of a country. I came here to be the smartest person in in some university. I came here to serve his purpose. The one that left home. I left home. I didn't start here. I only came here, but I started somewhere else and I'm going back there. So, while I'm here, I'm here to serve his purpose. And whatever, however that looks. I'm as I'm saying, it's not about the pursuits you have chosen. God bless you in your education and your career and your pursuit of wealth and you want to take care of your family. I understand all of that. I do the same thing. But but is Christ remaining the center of those pursuits? And if you had the opportunity for an advancement that hindered his purpose in your life, what would be your choice? Amen. This is what was mindbending when William Brandham brought this message. Who is this MKZDC? This is what blew the theologians apart. They couldn't. Are you honestly saying that that you didn't start here? That you started somewhere else? Yes. And that you're here as part of as part of an eternal being? Yes. And you're actually you're actually part of his genes. Exactly like I was in my earthly father. I was in him. And not everybody's like that. No. Amen. Well, who said that? Jesus. Amen. That's right. Well, how did you get here? The spirit moved on me. Amen. The spirit found me. I didn't find him. He found me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. All right. Is that right? So God gives every human being that's ever been born a nonfacitious opportunity. It's a legit opportunity to save himself from destruction. As I've pointed out to you before, you cannot impugn God. He even tried to save the son of his archeneemy, Cain. And that was the son of his arch enemy. And he even offered him a way. Amen. To save himself. Wouldn't take it. God knew that he wouldn't take it, but that doesn't mean God forced him to not take it. See, so every man gets an opportunity a and they have to make a choice. But Jesus said to his church, "You have not chosen me. I have chosen you." Plain and simple. Amen. And so the only the the choice that we make is a choice I couldn't not make. I couldn't. Do you think I could choose to not love Sister Debbie? That was impossible. Impossible. And a and a young man like me tried to run from that. It was hopeless. Then she played hard to get and made me pay for it. Man, that was a rough three months. Amen. But Amen. Once once I got back under the graces, I never wanted out again. And that was back in our dating days when I was stupid. [Laughter] Amen. Praise the Lord. All you all you wives should be elbowing your husbands. I should hear like all the men going, "Amen." Like, "Amen." All right. So then after it's finished, the one that left home only come to the earth to serve his his purpose. Is that right? All right. Then after it's finished, it's brought back in a glorified state. It's it's matured and brought back. Amen. Amen. You got me? So, so now I want you to think about some modern events because the Bible says that at the end time there's going to be a unique quality that had not been in the earth prior. Men shall run to and fro. For even for that to even be possible, you would have to be living in the modern day of modern travel. I just saw that there's a man, a British man, who's almost near uh the end of his journey. He's now crossed uh into Europe and he's got to walk across Europe and swim across the English Channel back to England. And he will have circumnavigated on foot uh the entire earth. And you say, "Wow, the dude's only just now in Europe and he's got to go all walk through Europe and swim the English Channel and get back." If you understood where he started from, my goodness, I mean, he he's he he he he literally has circumnavigated the entire earth. And he's already had to swim the Caspian Sea because he couldn't go up into Russia cuz as a British citizen, that wouldn't work too good. And he couldn't go down into Iran because that definitely wouldn't work too good. And so he can't fly. So he's got to swim. He swam 200 and some odd miles across the Caspian 200 some odd K across the Caspian Sea. And so now he's got to swim the English Channel. He's he's walking on foot. So, so, so, so you realize and it's taken him 20 years, 20 years to get where he's at now. So, you can see that what Daniel is referring to is a much faster because mankind, humanity is going to run to and fro. It's not just going to be, you know, try to get on a ship. It's and try to do this and try to that. But but now, not only are we able to traverse the world and run to and fro, we're able to go off-world. And the and what has accomplished that is the next line, knowledge shall be increased. So, you're going to hit a time where knowledge is increased and mankind is going to come into things. I just saw a statistic from uh a a think tank and and these are these men are all top men. I'm not going to give you their background, but they're they're they're top men uh in their field and they're they're you know and they put together a study. I think in fact is this this statement which was agreed to by all of the team I think if I'm remembering correctly was pinned by the founder of Google. Amen. And he and he he makes the statement that in the next 10 years by 2035 and 10 years goes like that. Oh yeah. I've already been pastoring here three times longer than that. 10 years goes like that. And he said they said by 2035 we will have advanced further in science, engineering and technology than we have in the previous 100 years back to 1925. He says, "Now just go back a hundred years to 1925 and you've got Model T's and things like that and you don't even I think one out of five homes maybe had a telephone in it." And you know, a few people had automobiles there. There was no there was there was no such things as super highways, supermarkets, any of that kind of stuff. It was an agrarian mostly still the even though the industrial revolution had begun. And and now think to where we've come to with the advancement of computers and the internet and social media and rocket ships. Yeah. That can leave orbit and travel. You see? So that's what we've done in a hundred years and in 10 years we will outpace that. Amen. This will outpace that. Yeah. Another uh think tank that I was been been studying only I only use verifiable sources. Um, this is not chat GPT. This is actual I listened to their um their their um their um it wasn't all just podcasts. They were actually doing seminars uh big e expositions uh and so with the smartest people in the world and they're they're talking about regenerative medicine and they're they've already been able through biology and cell manipulation. They've already been able to take mice that are blind and make them see. They've already got they they give a disease to a lab mouse and he's dying and his organs are failing and they do a little manipulation, inject him with that and within four weeks he's per more healthy than all the other mice and he has reversed his age. Amen. And they're talking now that within within within five years I think within three years they expect uh a AGI artificial general intelligence which is these AIs thinking for themselves. Yes. And then in and that's within three years and then within five years they're already saying that that that they believe in five years they will be able to cure every disease. Amen. and that within 10 years they'll be able to expand the human life to at least 200 years. You say that's never going to happen. It's already happened. They already lived hundreds of years in the book of Genesis. So it's not unprecedented that a human being could live that long. See, so I I'm just I'm just mentioning these things to kind of bring you to our scripture. Men shall run to and fro and knowledge shall be increased to the point that he but but the but the rub is he's eating from the tree of life and he's gaining a knowledge enough knowledge to completely destroy himself say well but deterrence and mutual destruction and they know a a a person who's insane doesn't care about mutual destruction that's right a person with religious fervor will go ahead and martyr himself in the entire planet if he thinks that he's going to bring the 12th imam who's a Muslim leader who's going to lead the whole world and he's going to he's going to end up in paradise. He's he won't hesitate to push that button. So the problem is that you've got all of this god knowledge in fallen humanity. You people say is it going is mankind really going to destroy himself? I my question would be how would he not destroy himself because p power that kind of power god power apart from character is satanic and that is incontrovertible in history. Amen. You see that in history. You know they're they're they're they're talking about doubling the life expectancy and and and maybe they they're even aiming for uh you know eternal life is what they're aiming for. And and this is kind of what they were saying. Although they weren't they were trying not to use that word, but that's what they were aiming for. I I'm so glad I don't got to wait on a laboratory to give me eternal life. Hallelujah. They don't even have a concept of what eternal life is. They think it just life with no end. And they don't they miss the whole part of that it had no beginning. Right? See, so if you have no beginning, so it's not about beginning or ending because if you have no beginning, you can't have an ending. The only way to have an ending is if you had a beginning. So it's something else, not ending and beginning and ending. It's different. See, they are talking about now America. Here's a modern event. America is now being looked to once again for its leadership more than it has in the last half century. And and I've been reading the statements of premers and prime ministers and kings and presidents and chics and and these guys and they're all they're all and I'm not trying to make Donald Trump into something. I'm just simply saying he's the man he's the man sitting in the chair that's supporting the image. That's what he is. I'm not I'm not casting shade on him as a man. I don't know him, but I'm simply saying there's going to be a people uh holding that chair behind that resolute desk who are the authority giving power to the image to the beast. That's a modern event made clear to us in prophecy. That's happening. That's now. That's right now. That's in full swing. And they're all talking about how that, you know, this is the the only country in the world that could have effectively clapped back to Iran and and destroyed their nuclear. And now you say, "Oh, finally they're they're they're getting okay, finally we got past that nonsense." the the the minister of uh the defense minister, I forget his name, uh in Israel has already sent an official notice to the IDF, prepare for war. The ceasefire is about to end. And they were asking one person, you you think that means the Jews are going to have to run for their bomb shelters tonight? He says, no, I don't know tonight, tomorrow, next week, next month. I'm just saying this is was his announcement to the IDF. get ready because and and even Trump who was bargaining to lift sanctions is now saying now they're full of bluster and they're saying they slapped America and he's got too much ego to swallow that. Oh, they slapped America's face. I'm not even going to deal with these guys. And and and and he's already posting, you know, we're going to go back in there and bomb them again. We're going to bomb them into oblivion. And he'll do it. And Israel will sure do it. I'm here to tell you there will be no peace till Jesus comes. And it doesn't matter if they bomb them to oblivion and c and cry peace and safety. That's the that's the last sign they that's one of the last things they say. Peace and safety. Then cometh not delayed sudden destruction and none shall survi shall survive it. So, so these are these are things that we're seeing. Men are running to and fro. Knowledge is being increased. Uh, America's now feared and and and and you know, our patriot patriotic heart cuz we love our country. Although my country died a long time ago, but but that patriotism says, "Yeah, you know, we're the we're the boss around here. I'm not I don't want to be the boss of anything. I want to be a humble servant of the Lord. I'm looking to get out of here. I don't want to stay here and control something. I want it to be remodeled and renewed. Amen. I want to I want there to be there's coming a king and he's a righteous king and he's going to rule the world. They I saw a picture. I started to put it on the overhead on the wailing wall and they were somebody was projecting the Israeli flag and the old glory side by side on the wailing wall projected showing this great uh uh agreement. I'm here to tell you something, friends, that every nation in the world, including this one, if it's still in existence, will compass Jerusalem. And I'm not so sure that that that that would even exclude political Israel, uh, coming against the 144,000 because that's the only real Israel. Uh, I'm not here to take up for the Wall Street Jew. I'm not here to take up for political Judaism. I'm here to say that's God's land and Christ is going to set up a throne and he's got 144,000 and this thing's going to get going in the millennium. I'm not here to support a political ideology or an agenda and you say, "Oh, don't you support Israel? You better believe it." The real one, the one that'll be born in a day because the bride will go up and the eagle will fly east and he'll pick up Moses and Elijah and they'll go to their brethren. Amen. This is happening right now. Those prophets are likely already on the earth. Amen. So we find friends that the one that left home. Oh, brother Jason, how do we navigate the chaos and and remain above it? How do we how do we overcome the sickness of this neurotic age that you read it yourself that we seem unfitted for? You know, this is the beauty of what brother Brandon was bringing out when he says the one who left home. Only come here to live out a purpose. So we were So then, so then we're living out our purpose by the under the new birth. You weren't living out God's purpose before the new birth. Amen. It was impossible. But Paul said it was impossible. The the fallen mind of a man is enmity against God. Could never agree with God's word. It's why you lived like a sinner. Amen. You knew something was different about you. You were never comfortable there. If you were, why aren't you still there? Amen. Why'd you repent and change your life? Cuz it you didn't fit. You were seemingly unfitted. And all your buddies and all your friends and all your social media friends, they all stayed right with it. But somehow you had to make a turn northward and you started walking a different path. What are you doing? Come on. Oh, I can't. I'm sorry. I got to go this way. Oh, let's go have fun. That's not fun to me anymore. Where are you going? I'm marching to Zion. Hallelujah. Amen. But we find that the way brother Brandham is bringing forth out of who is this Melzdc when he's bringing forth the new birth then we we we find friends that we do not acquire the new birth as much as we discover it. Brother Brandham says you didn't be you you didn't become a son or daughter of God when you repented at an altar. You only discovered you only found out that you had always been. So when I when the prophet says we find that the one that left home, all those who left home, who were in a home before this home, raise your hand. Hallelujah. Nine of you. How many believe that you started in God? How many believe you have a part that you're an expression of his word? Why do you think you believe his word? Amen. See, so we do not acquire the new birth as much as we discover it. We do have to be born again. Amen. And and because I can see that that process has happened in me, then I'm not I I don't I'm not uh my heart is not failing for fear. I just read a report just this morning about they already know during the 20 million or so 10 to 20 million or so uh immigrants that they open the border and allowed to flood in. They already know. It's already confirmed. They've already caught some of them. where Iranian agents and operatives were slipping in cuz they're dark-kinned also and they were slipping in and they've they've actually managed to smuggle in man pads shoulder launched air surfaced air missiles and they've already caught some of their their their distributors and their suppliers. They've already arrested them and they've already caught some and they found them in possession of these missiles and they already know they haven't caught them all. and the the reality that you are facing today today uh on June the 29th, Sister Lisa's birthday, sis, God bless you. Love you. Happy birthday. Uh that in on on in June the 29th, 2025, know this. When you leave this building, there are Iranian terrorist cells in our borders that are in possession of surfaceto-air missiles. That's not conspiracy. that's already been confirmed. See, so they're they're trying desperately to find them. So that's that's where we are, friends. Oh, I'm I'm glad that I didn't start here. I'm glad I'm not finishing here. Oh, hallelujah. We already have here's another modern event. You know, we already have they had just announced I saw this uh yesterday and then I saw it put in popped into our ministers chat. We we've now crossed a milestone. Uh Mr. Musk has delivered the first fully autonomous self-driving car that drove from drove from its assembly line when they built it, turned it on, put in the address of the purchaser. And that car drove out of the factory, drove out of the parking lot, got onto four-lane interstate highways, and drove for hours and drove into a city, went off, went into and moved through a neighborhood, and pulled right up to the front door of the owner. And the owner walked out to to find his car. Amen. I'm here. You know, and and and and you you got to realize and say, "Well, yeah, but Brother Brandham said, you know, in a place where the steering wheel would have been and two seats are turned." They've they've had that for years. Come on, friends. Don't be ridiculous. Don't be uh immature to say, "Oh, well, did it have to be this little detail?" All of it was generalizations. He only said Mussolini would come to a disgraceful end. He didn't describe how that there'd be a mob and they would hang them upside down and kill him and they'd hang upside down naked in the streets. He just simply said he'll come to an ign, you know, an ignominious end. He'll come to a a a shameful end. And he did. And he said, you know, this one will invade this and then and you say, well, but who invaded who and who fired the first shot? Like my goodness, how how trivial that the fact of the matter is every one of those visions came to pass. Is that lost on the world? They actually happened. Women did fall from grace. It didn't describe everything they would wear and wouldn't wear and less and less and the the more the sun comes out, the more the clothes come off. It's not it's not that kind of a detailed description. You don't even find that in the Bible. But he did say they would fall from grace and they would walk out on the streets nearly naked. We're here. There'd be driverless cars. We're here. And then I saw America blowed to pieces. That's the last thing to happen. That's right. Amen. Amen. So when brother Brandham comes to Melzdc, we've talked about this and I don't want to reiterate everything that I've already said because it's he was a, you know, it he was a foreshadowing of Christ. And we were trying to get you to understand last time that perhaps even more important I I I I hesitate to say it that way, but at least equally as important because I don't want to diminish the message that that that God brought whenever he appeared as Melzdc because his message was profound. This time next year Sarah will have a son and he and she did and that that was the beginning. So, you've got a a promised son and then you've got the son of promise and one is Isaac and one is actually Jesus. And I'm not here to break all that down, but but we find out that that the the thing that was brother Brandon was trying to bring to the world's attention is is that wasn't just a prefigure of Christ. That was God interacting with humanity. Amen. And God was interacting with humanity when Joshua ran into him. That was God interacting with humanity. You understand? And that that's what's happened today. God has interacted with humanity. It was God interacting with humanity when he knocked Paul out of the saddle. Amen. And a voice spoke and said, "This is this is what's happening. This is who you are and this is what you need to do." And we find out that God promised that day would come back again. God has come again. The the mighty angel has given us his word which is him and has given it to you which makes you a part of him. It didn't create you into a part of him. It identified that you always were a part of him. And so now the word is made flesh. Luke 17:30 as it was in the days of Lot. And that's the ministry of the son of man. So shall it be in the coming of the son of man. I'm looking at the ministry of the son of man. Amen. Amen. That's right. So all kinds, you know, of you have so many of the 33,000 I hear it's way more than that even now with symbols associated with Christian religion. The Jews have the same thing. It's not new. That's not new. The symbols of Christian religion, symbols of Judy, Judaism that in every age, the Old Testament, New Testament, all parallels. But but but to the elect lady, as John would call her, to the elect, it's more than just symbols of Christianity. And I sure hope that the message of the hour is more to you than a belt buckle, a bolt off of a car, driving a Ford. What? What? What? What? I hope it's more than that. I hope it's more than a replicated briefcase you can get. I hope it's more than that. I hope it's more than just gathering a people uh a playing a tape that as good as that is. That's wonderful. Would to God we all do that all the time. In fact, I do do that all the time. I gather and push play every day. A tape a day will keep the devil away. I'm here to tell you something, friends. That's wonderful. But that's not a that's not a full substitute for the body of believers to gather and bring all of their licks of fire and be able to have the Holy Spirit moving and be instructed in the word of God. Neither it's it's a it's it works if you're in a situation where you can't travel all the time to a church. We've got people who stream. I understand that. But when you've got a church right in your own city with people full of the Holy Ghost who love God and the word's going forth and you choose to sit home and stream a service, are you kidding me? Come on. I'm not sure you're even a Christian. When you make that choice, but I'm not your judge. I'm just saying what Paul said. You gather together as you see the day approaching. Maybe maybe you don't see the day approaching. I don't know. And I get it. We have we have families who are in that situation. Brother Rodney and sister Lois are in a very similar situation. But brother Rodney's also part of another assembly that he helps with. And and and don't get me started on the on uh Brother Rodney like sister Jean is like evangelist in the in the Pilgrim's Progress. Anytime somebody's got a problem, Brother Rodney just like steps out of thin air and starts talking to them. Amen. Some people could be in a grocery line thinking they're ready to take their life and turn around and Sister Jean don't need no intro. She'll just start talking to you about the Lord. Oh, would the God God had more servants like that? Amen. Amen. So, we want more than just symbols of religion, symbols of Christianity. We want it to become an experience. And and and in that experience, we realize that it's a there's an affinity that you have with the being of the word that you have a hard time explaining to someone who's never had the experience. And you're you're you're it's often times they just want to know, well, what is your doctrine? What do you believe? And you're trying to explain it to them, but you already know in the back of your mind, no, it's more than doctrine. I if I can figure out a way to explain to you there's a there's an affinity. Oh, give me a better language. Well, uh there's a gene like you were a gene in your father. You were a gene in in God. And and this is what brother Brandon was even trying to put it into words to get you to understand like so that you have this kind of will conquering strength Jesus had because he didn't bypass his theophony. You did. So in that form he knowed all things. When he come as a human, he didn't know everything that would happen to him as a human. He didn't know who touched him and various things he didn't know. But what he did know, he had a revelation of who he was and where he came from and where he was going. See, and that was that was will conquering for him. So that's why brother Brandon would say there's no nothing apart from re of revelation that's so powerful to give you power to be an overcomer. When you start to realize who I am, why I am, why I'm here, what's up. Amen. See, and so you realize that that that that you're actually a part of him. And with that, you recognize that this is how you recognize him. And this is how fallen humanity uh the nature is is is s the old fallen nature gets supernaturally destroyed. Say, "How did you become a Christian?" Uh, "Did you join a church, sign a pledge?" No. How did you become a Christian? An alien force supernaturally destroyed my old nature, and now I love God. Glory. Amen. Wait, what? Yeah. Don't ask me to repeat that. I barely got it out. So, well, what are you now? Well, are you a denomination? No. Are you Are you What's your credo? I don't have one. What about your membership? We don't have one. Wh What are you? Well, I'm what I was always intended to be. Explain that deeper. I wish I could. I don't always understand it myself, but I know when I come up against the word of God, I can't cross it. And I know when I come to face something in the world, I can't cross that. I love God. I just do. I love him. I love his word. I love everything about him. I want to be like him. I have an affinity with him. I I I I didn't find out that I was a son of God. I only found out I was always that. Praise God. Thank you, Lord. Brother Brander says, "You were there in his attributes." This is from Who's Melzdc.c You don't remember it. No, because you're just a part of his life. You are a part of God when you become a son or a daughter of God just as you are part of your earthly father. So this statement certainly challenged the conventional understanding uh uh that that human uh that that that that human existence begins at conception. Amen. human my human existence who I really am not this temple you see but the real me is not tied to human conception I didn't begin at human conception I was all I didn't fact is I didn't begin when did you start I didn't when do you end I can't explain that I was if I could explain that I could explain God he always was I always was in him. See, so so then we realize then that our deepest identity exists in God's existing in God's mind as brother Brandon would explain it and that's why the Bible says before the foundation of the world not as a possibility. I wasn't in the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world as a possibility that if the stars line up and I and I check all the boxes and I do a certain thing, I'll become a son of God. It had nothing to do with a possibility. It was going to be it was always going to be and is an expression of God's life. You always was. That's a that's a Kentucky way to say it. You always was. Brother Brandham says, "If you have eternal life, you always was." Now, now let me He started really trying to get his mind around this kind of language. He started actually all the way back and there's even earlier indirect ways. I've just picked this one. Um, Brother Brandham is trying to explain why there's no eternal hell. So, he says there's no scripture that says there's an eternal hell. This is why I'm against organized religion. November the 11th, 1962. Eternal never did begin. Neither does it ever end. So the Bible said hell was created for the devil and his angels. So it isn't eternal. There was a time when it wasn't. And there will be a time when it's not again. But they may be punished in there through fire and brimstone and pits of fire and aons of time, but it will finally end because hell is not eternal. See, the Bible says it was created for the devil and his angels. And if there and if now watch this, he's going to really flip it. The other side of the coin is even more profound. If there was an eternal hell, you'd have to have eternal life to live in an eternal hell. And if it was eternal, it always was. And you always was in hell. And you'll always be in hell. If hell is eternal, say that the next time somebody says eternal hell, say, "If hell is eternal, you always was in hell and you always will be." Yeah. See, so he says, see, there there there is no such a thing. He comes on later in December 1962. Now, he's going to talk about and try to put into words and encapsulate the eternal God. We truly know, he's in a prayer, that thou art God. And we truly know, thou art the one who lived in a days gone by, but yet you live today. You always was God. You always will be God. You were God before time and you'll be God when there is no more time. You'll still be God. Now, he's going to come after the seals and he's going to begin to take that kind of a concept and bring that down to the continuation of Christ, which is what you are. See, remember there's only according to Isaiah 42, there's only one elected son. Amen. How I got elected is because I was in him. Yeah. See, I'm an expression. I'm the continuation of of Christ in expression. So now he comes in 1964. When their eyes were open, they knew him. Therefore, your name was in his thinking. This is prior to who is this MelzDC. Your name was in his thinking. That's how you have eternal life. That's how you have eternal life. Your name was in his thinking. Amen. Amen. That's right. Don't worry about this. Uh Matt and I are just trying to get this correct. Trying some new devices. We don't like it, we'll chug it, get another one. That's how you have eternal life. We'll return it, get a refund, buy another one. Amen. Yeah. I don't want you to think I'm being frivolous. Your name was in his thinking. That's how you have eternal life. You can't have it no other way. If you got eternal life, you always was. If otherwise you just can't say, "Well, I belong to a church. I do this." No, sir. Anything that was eternal never did begin and cannot end. So you were only in his thinking your name, who you are, and what you are. That's the only way you could ever have eternal life cuz you always was. He comes later, sir is sers, we would see Jesus. This is about a week later, 1964. Then remember, if you ever was in God's thinking, ah, you'll always be there. Thank you, Lord. That means that I can't fail my way out of it. Hallelujah. If you ever was in God's thinking, we say, "Were you in his thinking?" I believe I was. Well, what's your evidence? I believe his word, and it consumes my whole life. So, I have every every evidence. What's the evidence of the new birth? I say amen to every word from my heart. See, and and so if you was ever in God's thinking, you always you'll always be there. If you've got eternal life, you are the expression or the attribute of his thought for this age. There is only one eternal life and it always existed. And you in his mind existed before there was a world. That's the reason he said he chose you before the foundation of the world. It isn't what you think what somebody else thinks. It's what God eternal you always was see in his thinking. I don't always think like maybe I am. And probably there's people who know me probably definitely don't think that I am. But I don't care what I think and I don't care what they think. I only care what he thinks. And when he has revealed his word to me, then I'm just going to believe him. I'm going to believe that I'll be there because I only left there and came here for a purpose. And I go back there. Amen. Now he comes again. This is uh 6 months about five months later, 1964. Eternal life. You always was. So you have eternal life. There's only one form of it. That's God. You were his attribute. I thought he thought of you and knowed you before the foundation of the world in his mind. See, so so when we when we think about this here, here's here's the I suppose here's the point that I'm is about as far as I'm going to get today. I'm five I got five minutes. So I I want you to come to this. When you hear a prophet make these kinds of statements, then I realize that that our earthly existence is is not the beginning of our story. Amen. Amen. It's actually a chapter in an eternal narrative that began in God. Amen. Amen. Say that again. my life here. I was born August the 4th, 1963. Sister Jean can attest to it. She went through the labor. Trust me, I got here. That's not when I started. Therefore, why would all of my failures in this temporary existence, how would that knock me out? You see the lie the devil is constantly telling you that you've got to somehow earn your way or achieve it or check a box or or somehow you've got to have some kind of victory. I will put no other burden upon you but that you say amen to every word. Say, "Don't I have to live as an overcomer?" Trust me, you will. Because when that seed gene comes to life, it'll change your whole nature. The greatest battle ever fought starts on that day. Yes, that's that's that they've got a date when World War I started, who fired the first shot, World War II started, 1939, and and and Hitler's invading this and invading that one. And finally, he crosses into Poland. Brother Matt and I, Sister Me, and Sister Zoe were there at the radio station where the whole false flag thing took place, which used to be part of Germany and reparations. They gave it to Poland after the war. It started right there. They've got pictures of the of the German of the German army coming through and Poland fought. They fought bravely. They were no match. They got blitzkrieged. And then and then England because of their treaties was obligated. Then France was obligated. Then everything, you know, then the whole thing went and suddenly we're in another world war that everybody tried. They fought World War I and called it the war to end all wars. What a joke. It was not only could it not end all wars, it was never going to end all wars because it was only the first woe. There were two more coming and nothing could stop them. And nothing could stop World War II. And nothing will stop World War II. And if that's the case, nothing will stop the rapture. And if that's the case, nothing will stop me. Nothing will stop you. I'm part of an eternal expression. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Friends, this is the faith that I have. I didn't start here. I'm not finishing here. My life didn't begin my It's not a book of my life at conception. It's merely a chapter in the book of life of God. I'm a chapter. Hallelujah. You're a chapter. It's already written. It's not being pinned. It's already pinned. Your life is simply coming daily and daily and daily by prayer, by dedication, by by coming to church, by reading your Bible, by playing the taste, by fellowshipping. It all comes together to bring my life in agreement, in alignment. I'm returning back to something. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. The process is underway and irreversible. Amen. 1965 just before who is this Melzdc. Now, if you've got eternal life, uh, brother Anthony, get ready to come. Now, if you've got eternal life tonight, if we have eternal life, then we always were because there's only one form of eternal life. We always were. Okay. Very, very good. Thank you. We always were. And the reason we were because we are a part of God. And God is the only thing that's eternal. Amen. I'm so glad that I didn't read. And the only reason we were is because we lived a perfect life. We never made a mistake. That is nowhere in this quote or any quote. See, and and brother Brandham in in one sense talks about he's waiting on the the readiness of the bride. I get that. But that's only to that that only is dispensational truth because brother Brandon would say it's not your readiness that brings the rapture. It's it's his time. It's his time piece. He's keeping time. He's got a calendar. And it won't be your readiness to do that. See, but in but in but in a dispensational way, yes, it is the readiness. Meaning that the bride had she couldn't go raptured in the sixth age or at a she didn't go in the rapture. She couldn't. She couldn't go in the rapture at the opening of the seals. I had to be here. You had to be here. You had to be here today believing this message saying, "I'm a part of something larger than me." And I didn't start here. This this is not a a book about my life. This is only a chapter in an eternal narrative. Hallelujah, friends. Oh, let's stand to our feet. God bless you. I can't go any further. I got so much more I want to say, but we'll get to it at a later time. Praise the Lord. Brother uh Matt's coming and the musicians are coming. Oh my. I want to uh sing uh This is the evening time. It's later than you think. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Amen. We got a half a music crew here today. This is the evening time. It's greater than you think. Amen. So, uh, we're missing a piano player. Are you playing piano, Sister Ruth, or Oh, she's she's coming. Very good. Amen. You love the Lord. I love him with all of my heart. I I got a um Yeah, very good. I got a uh this request. Um, sorry this is last minute. Uh, this is from brother Kenny. We need prayer. We are having troubles finding an insurance company to provide us coverage. Asking the Lord Jesus to protect his future business location and help provide good coverage at a good rate. Trusting him for in capital letters all things. Amen. That's where I want my faith to be, friends. Trusting the Lord for all things. I trust him. Don't you? Amen. Praise the Lord. You know the key that that goes in, Sister Ruth, this is the evening time. It's later than you think. Amen. That sounds like it. It's later than you think. That might be a little low. We'll keep trying. The bride is preparing now for her Lord to me. We might need to go with this a hair depth. All things are ready. All things are ready. Ready. Now the bridegroom, my ear. He that hath an ear. He that hath an ear to hear. The evening time is what? Yeah. Let's go up there. The evening time. It's later than you think. Oh, it's later than we think. Oh, the bride is prepared now. For the Lord. For her, Lord. To me. Oh, all things are ready. The bridegroom I hear. [Music] Oh, he that hath an ear. He that hath you have an ear to hear it today. The evening time is one more time. Listen to the evening time. Come on believers, lift it up. This is fake time. It's later than you think. Oh, the bride is prepared now for her, Lord. To me all things Hallelujah. All things are ready now. My my bridegroom my ear. [Music] Oh, thank God for an ear. He that hath an ear, an ear to hear to hear the evening. Oh, I think you got it now. I think you got it. Come on, lift it up now. All together. Oh, this is the evening time. It's later than you think. [Applause] Are you preparing the bride is preparing now? Oh, be prepared for her Lord to be. Men have run to and fro. Knowledge is increased. things are ready now. The word is in its fullness. The bride groom I hear. Hallelujah. The millennium's coming, friends. Oh, he that hath an ear to hear. The evening time is here. Bow your heads with me across the building. Let me pray for you one more time before we go. Lord, these are important times, Lord. They're times that have been on the books. We're seeing prophecies, Lord, that have been on the books for hundreds and even thousands of years. We're seeing them come to pass. They're happening all around us. Truly, Lord, the the word made flesh and a bride, the ministry of the son of man living in the earth is the last sign that the earth will ever see. We're here, Lord, to demonstrate what thus sayaeth the Lord is in our lives. How we live, how we conduct ourselves, how we handle business, careers, recreation, entertainment, marriages, relationships, everything, Lord God, everything that we are connected to in this world. You didn't tell us to go live in a commune. That was never going to be your plan. You wanted us living in the world. Only don't live as part of the world. Paul said you you don't abuse it. You are here, but you're you didn't start here. Lord, we started in you. And we find that the one who left home only came here to serve your purpose and then is recalled and then is brought back in a glorified state. While I'm here, Lord, help me to be a final voice in this age. Let my life be pleasing to you. Let my goals, all my aspirations, my dreams, my pursuits. Nothing wrong with that, Lord. You want us to be up and at it. You you you don't like laziness. You You want accomplishment. Nothing wrong with that. That that opens up channels and opens doors for us to be a greater witness in the world. Just just may we keep our priorities straight that you must remain at the center of it all. You must live in the center of my heart pulling the levers turning the knobs adjusting Lord everything so that my daily everyday walking talking life is a reflection of your life from inside. Grant it Lord grant it. Help us today. I don't think there be any doubt Lord. We should never from today, Lord. And there's even more to say, but there's been enough said today. We should never again allow the devil to grip us in fear because of our weaknesses, our failures, our missteps, our transgressions. We have them. We will have them. That's not the point. The point is is our trust in that eternal purpose of God. Is my trust in your word. Am I willing to come back again and pledge my allegiance to the word every time I fail? Am I willing to come back and pledge my allegiance again and go forward? Lord, I believe that for your family, this is the consummation of all the ages and we want to be marching in step to the gospel. I want my life to be in harmony to that word. I know, I can already see that the world is fulfilling the prophecies of men running to and fro. It's already fulfilling knowledge shall be increased. It's already fulfilling that darkness covers the earth. We can we can see that. There's no question that that the minds of man are covered in gross darkness. That's not in question. We can see that. We live in it. We swim around in it every day. We can see that there is a impersonation of Christianity. It's not hard to spot. It's It's 33,000 different variations and impersonations of the real original gospel. That doesn't trouble us. I'm not here to fight that battle. That's going to be I can't even make that go away. No sense fighting against it. I just want to know that my life is reflecting your word for this hour. That is the best thing that I can do for my family, for my friends, for those who are lost without you and don't know you. Those who are trapped in denominational barnyards who need freedom and need deliverance. That's the best thing they can get is to see our lives marching in the step of the gospel. Smooth, clean, marching to the step of the gospel. Instead of going down, they started going up. Lord, I want that to be my life. I want my life to be in the order of ascension. I'm going up. I'm climbing Zion. Lord, climbing to the top. I thank you for it now. I commit this audience into your hands. The visible audience, the audience across the airwaves. There's more to say. We will say it if you give us life and breath. Uh and but Father, as far as we're concerned, we could all meet you in the morning. That would be just fine. Oh lamb of God, help us now to be in your perfect will in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. We're going to let you go, friends. I'm glad you were in the house of God today. Thank you for coming. Amen. And listening so attentively. I love the response I get from this audience. Amen. God bless you. Turn around, shake hands one more time with somebody. You can be dismissed in Jesus name. God bless you. You got to keep pressing on. [Music] I'm going to keep pressing on to the higher calling of my Lord. [Music] Oh, I'm going to keep pressing on. [Music] I'm going to keep pressing on. I'm going to keep pressing on to the higher calling of my Lord. [Music] Oh, pressing on. [Music] I'm going to keep pressing on. I'm going to keep pressing on to the higher calling of mine. [Music] [Applause] Well, Satan tries to stop me, turn me aside, says no need for me to go. Don't even try. Even if there was a rapture, you'd never make it in. I just say, Satan, that proves you're a liar again. I'm going to keep pressing on on and on and on, pressing on. [Music] I'm going to keep pressing on to the higher calling of my Lord. Oh, pressing on. [Music] I'm going to keep pressing on. Oh, I'm going to keep pressing on. to the higher calling of my Lord. [Music] And I want to be ready. I I'm going to be ready to go. Oh, I I want to be ready. [Applause] [Music] I'm going to be ready
