################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-21 - 250921-Benny PerryInspiration That Moves God Into The Channel - Benny Perry.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-21
Title:    250921-Benny Perry:Inspiration That Moves God Into The Channel
Speaker:  Benny Perry
Church:   Bethel Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 32m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbqoXWhESHo
========================================

Description:
Brother Benny Perry ministers the Sunday morning service "Inspiration That Moves God Into The Channel " On September 21st, 2025 We Pray this service 2025 We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] before our [Applause] we press on. [Music] Amen. Thank God for a message through a prophet of the day that puts him clear before your eyes. You can't see anything else but Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Without that, where would we be? Where would we be? We want to diminish what the prophet did. Actually, it was Christ in the prophet that did the work anyway. You know, man was just the vessel. And so are you. Just the vessel for him to use today. Amen. Love you all. Thank God for his grace and mercy before the foundation of the world. with that wedding band of grace upon your finger. Can you see that? Such a curtain to keep us from seeing so many things. Amen. Praise the Lord. I'm going to You have a request upon your heart this morning. I have loved ones. I have have my own self that needs to just die out more. Get closer to God. Let's pray. Father, we love you this morning. Father, we are so thankful, Lord, for the revelation of your word in this day and time. Father, Lord, you're the great shepherd that leads your sheep. And Father, we thank you for that. I thank you for Holy Ghost men that preach the gospel in truth and inity. Father, Lord, we just pray that you would bless this service this morning. the man that would stand here, move him aside and speak your words of life. May we open up our our stubborn and callous hearts, Father, to receive what you would have for us today. Lord, I pray for those that are streaming, Lord. And I'm so thankful, Father, that it's not just this part of the body here, but it's a worldwide body. Father, I pray that you would bless them wherever they're at today. Lord, we commit ourselves to you. We thank you for your presence. We pray that it would just increase more and more this morning. Touch our hearts, Father. Those requests upon the hearts, Lord, of whatever they would may be. Cancer, Father, sicknesses, we have seen you conquer them all. And we believe that. Hold on to that promise. We raise the token over our loved ones, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ. As we collect the tithes and offerings, I pray that you would bless the cheerful giver. Father, magnify it for the kingdom. Lord, we thank you for the bounty that you give us. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. Amen. Amen. Give me a D. Amen. [Music] Walk with me, Lord. Walk with me. Walk with me, Lord. Won't you walk with me while I'm on this tedious journey? I want you every day of my life. Walk with me. Oh, walk with me, Lord. Walk with me. Walk with me, Lord. Won't you walk with me while I'm on this Jesus journey? I want you to walk with me. Won't you sing it with me? will walk with me, Lord. Won't you walk with me? [Music] Walk with me, Lord. Won't you walk with me? While I'm on this old tears journey, I want you every day of my life to walk with me. Well, hold my hand, Lord. Won't you hold my hand? Hold my hand, Lord. Won't you hold my hand? While I'm on this serious journey, I want you every day of my life to walk with me. will stand by me, Lord. Won't you stand by me? Stand by me, Lord. Won't you stand by me? Well, while I'm on this Jes, I want you every day of my life to walk with me. Let's sing it. Oh, walk with me, Lord. Walk with me. Walk with me, Lord. Won't you walk with me? Well, while I'm on this multi journey, I want you every day of my life to walk with me. One more time, walk with me. Say, "Walk with me, Lord. Walk with me. Walk with me, Lord. Walk with me. While I'm on this tedious journey, I want you every day of my life to walk with me. I'm running for my life. I'm running for my life. I'm running for my life. I'm running for my life. If anybody ask you what's the matter with me? Oh, tell them I'm s sanified, Holy Ghost fil, and I've been baptized. I have Jesus on his side and I'm running for my life. Well, I'm running for my life. I'm running for my life. I'm running for my life. Running for my life. If anybody ask you what's the matter with me. Oh, tell them I'm saved. Say goodbye. Holy Ghost fil and I've been baptized. I got Jesus on his side and I'm running for my life. One more time. I'm running for my life. I'm running for my life. I'm running for my life. Running for my life. Oh, if anybody ask you what's the matter with me? Well, tell them I'm save sanctified, Holy Ghost fil. I've been baptized. I got Jesus on his side and I'm running for my life. One more time. I'm running for my life. I'm running for my life. Oh, running from life. We are running from you. Oh, what's the matter with me? Tell them. Tell them I'm saved. Say goodbye. Holy Ghost fil and I've been baptized. I've got Jesus on his side and I'm running for my life. Let's sing it again. Well, I'm running for my life. I'm running for my life. Oh, I'm running for my life. How many running for your life? I'm running for my life. Well, if anybody ask you, oh, what's the matter with me? Well, tell them I'm save. Holy Ghost fil and I've been baptized. I have Jesus on the inside and I'm running for my life. Won't you turn and greet your brother and sister? Running for my life. I'm running for my life. I'm running for my life. I'm running for my life. Will anybody ask you? Oh, what's the matter with me? Well, tell them I'm saving my holy ghost fil. I have Jesus on his side and I'm running above. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. May you may be seated. Amen. Amen. Amen. We got brother Perry's church. Amen. Going to give us a song. Amen. This morning. Let's give them a hand. Amen. As they come. [Applause] [Music] [Music] about what I'm supposed to do. I can't deny the times I made mistakes. I couldn't hide it from him. He knew. But I knew that deep within my soul I felt sorry. honest I do. So I just cry, "Forgive me, Lord. Forgive me again. Will you justify? You justify. If you had not done it in the first place, you justified. You justified. You justify if you had not done it in the first place. You're justified. [Music] So often I'm discouraged when I count the times I fall. But he promised I'd be victorious when I know I'm not at all. But I heard an eagle scream. His voice quickened my soul. It said, "You have not done it in the first place. You're justified. You justified. You justified. If you had not done it in the first place, you justified. You justified. You justified. And if you had not done it in the first place, you're justified. He looked at your perfect picture without blaming a spot or wrinkle. He didn't look at you from where you are now. He looked from eternity. He said your church wrapped in that body. I as your theophony, you have not done it in the first place. You're justified. You're justified. You're justified. If you had not done it in the first place, you justified. You justified. You justified. [Music] If you had not done it in the first place, you justified. He looked at your perfect picture without blaming a spot or wrinkle. He didn't look at you from where you are now. He looked from eternity. He said your church wrapped in that body. You bypass your theophony. You have not done it in the first place. You're justified. You're justified. You're justified. If you had not done it in the first place, you're justified. You're justified. You're justified if you had not done it in the first place. You're justified. If you had not done it in the first place, you're justified. If you had not done it in the first place, you justified. [Applause] Amen. Let's give the Lord another hand. Amen. Amen. Sister Sarah, man, if you come. Amen. Let's give Sister Sarah a hand. [Applause] [Music] [Music] I just want to speak the name of Jesus. over every heart and every mind cuz I know there is peace within your presence. I speak Jesus [Music] and I just want to speak the name of Jesus till every dark addiction starts to break. declaring there is hope and there is freedom. I speak Jesus cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name it's life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. Burn like a fire. And I just want to speak the name of Jesus [Music] over fear and all anxiety. Till every soul had captifed by depression. I speak Jesus. [Applause] Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. You burn like a fire. [Music] Shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. I speak Jesus over my family. I speak the holy name Jesus. [Applause] Shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enemy. And I speak Jesus over my family. I speak the holy name. Oh Jesus, your name is power. Your name brings healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. You burn like a fire. And I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety. Oh, till every soul had captive by depression. I speak Jesus. [Applause] Your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name is life. Break every stronghold. Shine through the shadows. You burn like a fire. Oh, shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets. Jesus and the darkness over every enmy. I speak Jesus over my family. I speak the holy name. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Shout Jesus from the mountains and Jesus in the streets. Jesus in the darkness over every enmy. I shout Jesus over my family. I speak the holy name Jesus. Cuz your name is power. Your name is healing. Your name it brings life. Break through the darkness. You shine through the shadows. You burn like a fire. And I just want to speak the name of Jesus. over fear and all doubt and anxiety. [Music] Till every soul held captive by depression. I speak Jesus. Oh. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. We had Sister Amber had a request for her to sing this morning if she could come. Amen. Amen. Let's give her a hand. Amen. [Applause] [Music] [Music] When peace like a river [Music] attendeth my way. When sorrows like sea belows roll, [Music] whatever my life, thou hast taugh me to [Music] It is well. It is well with my soul. [Music] It is well. It is well with my soul. with my soul. And it is well. It is well with my soul. [Music] Though say time should buffet. Though trials should come, let this bless that assurance [Music] that Christ has regarded. My headless day and has shed his own blood for my soul and it is Well, with my soul and it is well. It is well with my soul. my sin. Oh, the bliss of this glorious thought. [Music] My sins not in part but the whole in to the cross and I'll bear in no more praise. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. My soul and well with my soul and is well. It is well with my soul. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. &gt;&gt; And this morning, my worthy is a lamb. Amen. We greet you this morning in the name of the Lord. We're happy to have you all here in the house of God. Going to move right along and uh we've got just a whole wonderful day planned out. We're having part of it now. This wonderful, wonderful worship. Amen. In the spirit of God so lovely, so enriching. My my my my and um happy to have brother Benny here with uh some members of his sister Perry. He's also and his uh church members are here singing for us. And we're going to have fellowship uh out in the uh fellowship hall in the afternoon. And uh we're happy to we kind of got to have a visiting brother come in. It's been a long time since brother Benny's been here. But then also today, our church dinner will be in uh in in kind of a tribute to our beautiful Demar's family who are um headed back home to Minnesota for a while and uh carrying on and in and the next chapter of of their life there. Amen. So, we're going to just ask Brother Jason if he wants to come up and just greet you and kind of give a little um thought from his heart. Amen. And then I I'll I'll come up behind that. Amen. Brother Jay, God bless you. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. This definitely won't be the last time you see this man in his pool. Amen. Just wanted to take a moment to express that we're going to miss each and every one of you. Miss being a part of the uh Bethl Tabernacle family. and just uh the Lord Lord led us the Lord led us to be here um and we've went through a lot uh through the through the years uh and people have been stood with us and and helped us in so many ways and I I wouldn't want to single anybody out but uh just we've had I almost died uh few years back &gt;&gt; and many people helped us and were such a blessing strengthened us my mom passed just a few years ago and um people were a great help to us and I'm thankful for that. Just uh many many great memories and uh just thankful just thankful for friends, thankful for the body of Christ, thankful for the open door and the love um that we've all shared together. I know the Lord led us here for a purpose and in the last few years the Lord's been speaking and dealing with with our hearts and um felt the leading of the Lord to move on to the next chapter. We'll be going back to Minnesota for several months and then Lord willing we'll be moving up to the Edmonton area to attend with brother Eugene Brown's church there. So remember us in prayer. Um lots of changes happening even with the missions work. I won't go into uh that really here just to say present truth ministries will remain open and missions work will continue to be supported and and we'll continue as the Lord leads uh in the future. Just ask that you'd remember us in prayer. We'll definitely be remembering you all in prayer and &gt;&gt; please please stay in touch. uh we're still, you know, distance is is a thing, but it's uh we can still stay in touch and we're brothers and sisters in Christ. And once again, just thank each and every one of you for your love for for me and for my family. And um God bless you. And I don't like to say goodbye. Um, my I I can always remember growing up, I think I got it from my grandfather when we would leave the cabin or leave his house, he couldn't look at us and say goodbye. I always had to turn his back and just go like this. So, but it's not goodbye for sure. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Farewell. We love you all and we'll see you soon. Amen. &gt;&gt; Thank you, brother Jason. [Applause] Amen. So, we're going to continue to uh remember the Demar's family in prayer and um it's not an easy thing, you know, what they're taking on. But, you know, servants of the Lord don't get to decide anything about their life. And I learned that many years ago. They don't get to uh decide where they live, what they do, what they say. They don't even get to decide what they think or feel. They're they're set aside for the service of the Lord and for his family and they are uh reserved unto Christ. And brother Jason and his family have certainly been an example of that to us. Amen. Sister Amy, you going to make us all cry. You keep doing that. But uh you know, I just I just want to say what a lovely addition they've been and will always remain part of the Bethl Tabernacle family. Amen. Amen. uh you know I said uh brother Jason that that that you all will remain friends goes without saying but but I want to say it anyway. Amen. But also beyond that uh the relationship will carry on. You know um when brother Jason and his family relocated here how many years ago Jay? &gt;&gt; Six. &gt;&gt; Six. Uh Bethl Tabernacle did not absorb Present Truth Ministries. That stayed a separate entity. Brother Jason simply relocated his global office here to work out of this church. It's been a great benefit to us. We still had had and have Bethl missions and brother Jason has actually represented us as Bethl missions in the field and we've supported President Truth Ministries and we will continue to do that. I have plans in my heart to continue supporting PTM ministries, especially in mission endeavors. And uh Brother Jason and I, we're talking about tentative plans to um end up in the Middle East somewhere uh if the Lord uh wills it. But we we want to continue to regard them as part of us and and they'll be back here visiting. Brother Jason will be back here ministering that wonderful ministry that we have so enjoyed all these years. &gt;&gt; So, amen. Let's stand to our feet. We want to turn to the word and um at this time, you know, we Hey, the Bible says, you know, here we have no continuing city. But I'm glad we can seek one that's coming. Amen. Whose builder and maker is God and their time and distance will be a moot point. It'll be relative. Have no meaning, no bearing on us at all. And I'm glad for that. Amen. Praise the Lord. You know, Bethl Tabernacle is a uh is a is an assembly of imports. Most of this assembly is imported, you know, and sometimes people come from families and from homes and they sojourn with us for a while and they head back to a home or a family or they move on to a completely new chapter. So, uh that that's the way it's always been here 30 years. We're not expecting that to change anytime soon. But hey, you know, the Lord has always, you know, taken certain servants of the Lord and families onto another chapter and then he'll bring somebody else back in. So, all in all, we stay a wonderful, wonderful family and I appreciate that. What a wonderful family atmosphere that we have here. Amen. We have brother Benny. We want him to come make his way to the platform. It's been a long time. Too long. I was telling him, man, when I opened my door, I had to step back and take a picture of it. I said, "Brother Benny, it is so good to see you sitting there in that desk. It's been too many years since he's been." And uh but we're happy today. And I want you just to uh and God bless you, brother. Happy to have you in the back here, sister. God bless you. It's good to see you and the different ones. And if you're visiting here today and I'm overlooking you, forgive me. Amen. Happy to have brother Kevin and Sister Sarah back home. And we're happy to have our graduate student. Oh, not you. Uh brother, where'd brother Tony go? Brother Tony. There he is. Right. Our our our recently graduated student. Amen. Happy to have him back full time in the saddle again. I enjoyed that Sunday school. Brother Matt. That was uh that's that's that's a whole sermon. My goodness. We might have to plug in a Wednesday. Amen. Keep your keep praying um for Sister Debbie and I. Um I'm probably won't be in the pull pit for the next couple of weeks. We've got a lot of visitors ministry lined up for the digs will be here uh for us. Wednesday, uh, the following weekend, then another, I think another minister, and then the Wednesday after that, I think, uh, I think brother, um, brother Isaiah Chisum will be with us. And so, um, Sister Debbie and I sold our house, and I expected to have a few months to, um, get prepared. We got land out there near Sebrook, and we're going to build a house, and we're trying to renovate this church house quickly uh, to live in it for a little while, but it's got to be right. Sister Debbie, don't play that. It's got to be It's got to be right. So, we're working speedily. Brother Andrew is coming in and uh they they'll get back started. So, I figured I'd have a few months put my house up on the market and it sold on the first day and uh so first offer, first showing. We sold it immediately with a cash full price cash offer. So, we got to be out of our house in 20 days. So, I know you're going to pray for Sister Debbie, but pray for me. I work for her. So, keep keep me in prayer. And Sister Debbie is a tough customer, man. So, we're happy to have all of you and and different ones here with us today. Amen. Happy to have the sister here. She's been with us on Wednesdays and she made it here today. God bless you. Happy to have you. I was looking outside this morning and Sister Joy was had the little class outside with the Sunday school. And I just had to turn around and stare at that for a little bit. That looked so adorable, so wonderful. I just love the family of God. Don't you? Amen. And we're going to invite brother Tony to lead us in another song as we turn it over to brother Benny. We want to give him complete liberty. You ready for the word of God? Amen. Are you ready for the word of God? &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Let's sing, Brother Thomas. &gt;&gt; Oh yes, your name. Faithful. Faithful you are. Faithful forever. You will be faithful. You are. [Applause] [Music] All your promises are yes and amen. All your promises are yes and amen. Beautiful Savior, you have brought me near. You pulled me from the ashes. You have broken every curse. Blessed redeemer. You have set this captive free. For I mer you are faithful forever. You will be faithful. you are. [Applause] [Music] All your promises are yes and amen. All your promises are yes and amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. How many know Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever? His promises are yay and amen. I thank God for being here this morning. May the Lord richly bless you. I appreciate brother Jason giving us this opportunity and uh to be able to speak to you. And yes, I'm always nervous. Amen. But once he come, it'd be all right. Amen. Amen. If my background, I wasn't a speaker. But when he called me to preach, he made me a speaker. soon after I finish preaching, I don't have much to talk about. May God bless you. Good to have my wife with me and some of the saints uh from y'all of Bethl. We El Beth Tabernacle. Amen. So, we want to get right to the word. How many look How many look forward to the word? &gt;&gt; How many come to hear from Jesus? &gt;&gt; Thank God for a great message. &gt;&gt; Amen. Everything else falling apart. Glory. But this message, it keeps the bride and God's church in position and in place. &gt;&gt; So if you're looking at the NBC, ABC, whatever, all that there is is a that's fake news. The modern event has been made clear by prophecy. &gt;&gt; So we don't have to worry about their news. Glory. We have one of the greatest news flashes in history. &gt;&gt; And because he lived, we shall live also. &gt;&gt; Praise God. Let me turn to scripture and I'll let you be seated in a minute. Let's turn if you will to um the book of Job and then we'll be going to Timothy and then we're going to I've heard but now I see. Uh start Job 32 and let's start at verse 8. It says, "But there is a spirit in man, and the inspiration of the Almighty give them understanding." &gt;&gt; And let's turn to Timothy, second Timothy, and verse 16, very familiar. All scripture is given by inspiration of God and is profitable for doctrine for reprove for correction for instruction and righteousness that the man of God may be perfectly thirsty and furnished unto all good works. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's uh go if you will to the message I heard but now I see as brother Brandham here talking about the story about Job and so forth. And let's start at paragraph 82. He says he had a channel of communication to God that he had got by inspiration. He had a way of moving himself out and letting God move in. And he know he was justified. It was a gift. It was a gift for the people and not for Job, but for the people. That's what all divine gifts are to serve God's people with everybody. Uh everybody in order to that prophet. All of you. Now just read that first portion. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we come this morning in the name of the Jesus Christ and is not by power nor by might, but by your spirit, said the Lord. Lord, we give you this service. Heal the sick, cast out devils, renew our strength, change our lives, give us our direction. Lord, we know that you are here cuz you promise what two or three are gathered together in your name. Dare you be in the midst, Father. take control of this service now. And brother Bram said, "What is a gift is getting yourself out the way." Lord, help me to move out the way that the Holy Spirit will have the preeminence and you can speak to your people and we can say, "Did not our hearts burn within us as you talk with us along the way and open to scripture in Jesus Christ's name." Amen. You may be seated. Glory. My my my topic this morning is uh in in a channel inspiration that moves get you moves you into that moves God in. Amen. Praise the Lord. Now, Brother Brandham was talking about here. He said, and I heard, but now I see Job was the oldest book in the Bible. And Job may you we find that Job didn't have a place he could go like we have today. We could go to the Bible. We could go to scriptures and when somebody say you know what brother Brandham said we could go check it out. Well Job had to go by inspiration. He didn't have no scripture he could go to and say well God said this or God said that. But he was inspired by everything that he done. Now in the me message masterpiece, brother Brandham says, "Glory, a musician is in is inspired." &gt;&gt; Glory, a artist is inspired. Glory uh and so forth. And when Michelangelo caught the inspiration of how Moses looked, he got inspired &gt;&gt; and he didn't know what Moses looked like, but something in him saw it that what Moses looked like and he started begin to carve and got a rock. Now to everybody else it just looked like a rock but to Michelangelo it was Moses' face that he was carving out the way it looked. And sometimes you know how many thank God for this great message. &gt;&gt; I don't care what anybody Let me just get to a point. I don't care what anybody say, what things going on, how many quit. You have thus sayeth the Lord. Glory. No matter how many people talk against it, Glory. This message Glory that God sent is the final voice. It's you and I. the final voice to the final age. We are at the end time and God has given us the authority to take this message. Glory. And let me tell you something, it will drive out every enemy. And I tell the church, people worry about what Trump doing, what this person doing, what's going on. Glory. But God has given you, glory, an abstract title D. Glory. You come from God and you're going back to God. And no, nothing can stop that. Glory. You people say, "Oh, I quit." Glory. If you a part of God from the foundation of the world, you can't quit. It's something on the inside of you. Brother Brandham call it a deep call into the deep. Glory. And if there's a deep call to the deep, there has to be a deep to respond. We're not here in this message trying to make it. Glory, sir. We have already made it. Glory. We're not trying to be a message, how can I overcome? Brother Brandham says you've already overcome. Glory. Why? Because he live, you shall live also. You know, people say, "Oh, I'm trying to make it." Glory. You got to try it. Jesus already made it for you. What you got to do is accept what God already done. Glory. Inspiration. Inspiration. Sometime you get inspired. How many know a song leader is inspired? A songwriter is inspired. Glory. You know sometimes we we look at things and we've been in this message a long time and you hear ups and down. Glory. Don't worry about who failed. Don't worry about who's not making it. What you need to do is worry about God has predestinated me and he chosen me from the foundation of the world and guess what? I'm going to take what God give me. Glory. And the devil ain't going to take nothing from me. Glory. Every believer has to be tested and tried. Hallelujah. God don't care how much money you got. God ain't looking at what color you is. God ain't looking at how what your status is. What God looking at? Will you believe my word? He that heareth my word and believeth on him that sent me has everlasting life and shall not come into condemnation but is passed from death unto life. inspiration. Sometimes you get inspired and God have you to do something, you know, like Michael Angelo the message master uh masterpiece brother Brandham says he one day just sitting there he was wanted to know and he caught that inspiration. How does this how does uh uh Moses look? And he started carving it. Carving it. But the thing what it is about what got me, brother Ram said, what made it a masterpiece? He said after he had carved it out and after he got it so beautiful, it looked perfect. It looked just like what he wanted, what he saw in his mind. And when he saw that masterpiece and he saw Michelangelo, he got so inspired. Listen, it just didn't wasn't a rock no more. It become so real to him. what was in his mind was standing before him. And he took that hammer and he said, "Speak." And he bust the leg on it. Oh my goodness. I can imagine. But his inspiration, his inspiration became a reality. And let me tell you something. Your inspiration must come a reality. Let God move you into the, you know, not be in the message. No, you are the message. &gt;&gt; Are you listening now? I read all scriptures given by inspiration. Glory. The Bible is written by people lives. How many know that? Glory. Their lives is the word. When you read about Esther, you're reading about a life that please God. When you read about Samuel, you reading about a life. The word. Are you listening? The Bible is God in letter form. &gt;&gt; Glory. One time he sent his prophet uh Samuel. He said, "Listen, I have provided me a king. I have a king in the house of Jesse. And Samuel, he gets his ore. He goes down there in the house of Jesse. And Jesse had eight sons. And as he anointed each child, you know, anointed this boy, didn't feel no, he didn't feel no inspiration. Anointed another one, anointed all seven of them. And then he got ready. And God kept saying, "Anoint it ain't on him. It's not on him. &gt;&gt; Not on him." And Samuel thought, "Maybe something is wrong." He says, "Jesse, have you got any more sons?" He said, "Yes, I got one son." But he's always singing to the sheep. He's an oddball. He's one in a million. He He always doing something strange. He's always reading the message. He always in the spoken word book. He's listen to the tape. Glory. I don't I says, "I got him, but we just keep him outside because he's like an outcast." And Samuel said, "But let me tell you something. Bring him here. I need to see him, Glory, cuz I can't take the sacrifice and eat until, Glory, I anoint a king." And God said, "A king is in this house." Let me tell you something, Glory. There's a bride in this house. &gt;&gt; And there ain't going to be a rapture until the bride get herself ready. And the bride must make herself ready. Glory. And when Jesse come, glory to God, he didn't come to church or when he come to Jesse house. You and David come and said, "David, come out here. Lead the sheep alone. I need you to come in here. We have a prophet with thus said the Lord." And I God has blessed my house. I got a king in here. Glory. And he didn't know that his king was David. The one that they rejected, the one that David didn't have nothing to do with. And I can imagine glory. David come there and he start coming in the house. And he walked in there and Samuel jumped up. He said, "Oh my God, that's him." But David, him and two omnipotent meat. In other words, David was singing, "My Lord is my light and my salvation. The Lord is my strength." And him and Samuel to the prophet and and David got the connection. And Samuel, I can imagine, jumped up. He said, "Jesse, you didn't know what you had in your house. That's God's king. That's God's anointed. And sometime people with friends in the church go around. Sometime you don't realize what you got in your house. You got sons and daughters of God that was predestinated from the foundation of the world that be part God put them place here. It's not just you going to a church with somebody. It's God placing sons and daughters of God in an area that he want. Glory to God that he want you to be do something special for God. &gt;&gt; Praise God. Glory. I can imagine when David got up this God's looking he was anointed. He was inspired. Glory. And you know, we look at brother, brother Brandham, you know, he said, "Oh, he's a prophet. He was a prophet." But do you know he got inspired &gt;&gt; one day sitting there, he's looking at pen and the Holy Ghost said, "Pick up your pen and write. Pick up your pen and write." Listen, brother Bradamon, right? No, he wrote the entire message. You didn't know that, did you? Glory. All 1100 message was his message. But here, the Holy Ghost inspired it. Pick up the pen and write. Here's the secret. The word is in the bride. Glory. And she would do a greater work. Glory. The word is in you. Glory. It's not beside you. It's not, you know, on the tapes. It's not just on the books. The word is the bride. Glory. They can close every church door. They can do what they want to do. Glory. But inside, he said, "If you abide in me, my words abide in you. Ask what you will &gt;&gt; and it shall be given to you." Glory. The word glory is inside of you. &gt;&gt; Do you believe that? You become the living word. You become the manifested word. Let church say amen. Glory God. Job didn't have no Bible to read. No sir. But one thing Job had, he had the inspiration that moved him into a channel of God. One time, you know, how about how many you remember Simeon? Brother Brandham talked about Simeon. &gt;&gt; He said, Simeon, Glory, God had revealed to him. &gt;&gt; You know something like in the message when God reveals something to you, I don't care. You ain't got to try to prove it to nobody. You ain't got to try to make them believe it. All you got to do is stand on it and wait on God and watch God vindicate it. And Simeon years he's in church and God told him said, "Look, Simeon, you're not going to die until you have received the Lord Christ until you." So, his job was to let church say, "Amen." His job was to do what? Every eight days he had to dedicate babies. Can you imagine every eight days how many years he was in church? How many times it was revealed to him? Let's say if he started with a young man, now he get old. Oh, and babies still coming in. He's still anointing babies. Still trying to get babies, you know, anoint him. So, and he got so old. Glory. One day they didn't see him in church. He might have said, "You know what? The old man must have done died. He ain't coming no more." And he been telling us that, you know, he was going to see the Lord's Christ. I guess he ain't come. And about two months later, maybe he was sick. All of a sudden, he back in church on duty dedicating babies. And they call, you know, the talk went around in church. Maybe maybe I thought he was dead, but he's still alive. He told me that he wasn't going to die until he have seen the Lord Christ. And the Messiah ain't here yet. We don't know where he is. Glory. But Simeon, he was certain of God. Glory. He dotted every eye, crossed every tea. He knew that what God told him, it had to come to pass. Gy are you listening now? You can be certain of God in this generation. I know I'm getting ahead of myself, but be certain of God. There's going to be a rapture for the bride. You can be certain of that. I don't care how many things changing. Glory. God will make his word come to pass. &gt;&gt; Let me tell you something. &gt;&gt; No man can make nothing come to pass. &gt;&gt; Glory. It takes God to fulfill his word. &gt;&gt; Glory. Hallelujah. Do you love the Lord? &gt;&gt; And Simeon, wait, wait. They said, "My, he's still here. He ain't dead yet." Glory. And all of a sudden, one day, Simeon just in church, a normal church service, and he come and oh, here come a young man and a young woman, Mary and Joseph, come to coming to church. And they come, they had this little baby, and Simeon got anointed. Glory. He felt good. Inspiration don't lead you wrong. Inspiration moves you right into the plan of God. God, it's a channel. Once you catch that channel, every person, I don't care, even a preacher when he's preaching, he's got to have the inspiration. &gt;&gt; Glory. Singer must have inspiration. Glory. Musicians must be inspired. Glory. And here was Glory. When he walked up to the Mary and Joseph, he didn't know who the baby was, what it looked like, when it was going to come. And it didn't make no difference. When God got ready to reveal it, he couldn't go wrong. Glory. And he walked over there to him and walked over there and picked up uh Jesus out of the arms of Mary and Joseph. He said, "Lord, let your servant depart in peace for my eyes have seen your salvation." &gt;&gt; What was he could have said, "This day, this scripture, what you promised me has been fulfilled." Glory. You are part of something. Glory. Do you realize you are closing out the gentile age? &gt;&gt; After you this this after this age, it ain't going to be no more. Glory. God have us closing this gentile age out. Glory. And you know I I'm going just say it like this here. Look at here. I'm using as a type. Look at all the great men that gone before us. I'm just use brother Perry Green, brother brother Bisco, the different brothers that's gone on that that come. You know when they first come in to the message following brother Brandham, you can count how many men was on his hand. Glory. How many was there? They used to have ministers meeting. Glory. 12 15 brothers back there. Glory. And I just t like I said that's just like Jesus with Peter, Paul and they was around brother Brown because it was a fresh message. It was a new message. It was a new day. Jesus Christ was the same but the new message had to bring in new people to to spread the message. And now here here we are. Look at these young men in the message now. They grab this message and brother Brandon prophesied they will sweep it throughout the world. What's going on Glory? They grabbing it. You in do you realize sers what time is it? Glory. Do you recognize your time? Recognize your day. Just don't say oh I'm in a church here in Beth. No. You are part of God's eternal plan. The great attributes of God now being on display. The word is where at? It's in the bride. It's in you. It's in me. The world won't see. And brother Brandham quoted that line. world won't see me no more but you shall see me for I personal pronoun will be with you even in you under the baptism of the Holy Ghost the Christ in you the hope of glory grieve not the Holy Spirit whereby you're sealed until the day of your redemption you know sometimes you're doing something for God in the Bible you may God tell you to do something and like he did Joshua he said Joshua go kill go destroy AI glory matter of fact we need to destroy AI today got So many people trust in AI more than they trust in God. Glory. All that church say amen. People don't like that. Say that. But education is of the devil. Glory. Politics is of the devil. Glory. And the god of this evil age. Go. Are you listening? Glory. He says Satan is the god of this evil age. Church. Say amen. It's good to be smart. It's good to have a great education. It's good to have a good job. But it's more better to have faith than what God said. Glory. Cuz faith take those things as not and make them as though they were. Oh, let church say amen. &gt;&gt; Don't get quiet on me. Glory. Glory. Let make me think. Glory. You got to believe this message. Glory. If you say education of the devil, then it's got to be of the devil. Glory. Hallelujah. Glory. At the end time. Glory. We at the end time. &gt;&gt; We are at the end time. &gt;&gt; Glory. &gt;&gt; This is our day. This is our message. You know, look at Brother Brandham talked about with Russia back then there. How many remember the Soviet Union? Yeah, &gt;&gt; it ain't had nothing to do with Russia. They ain't had nothing. You ain't no Russia existence. &gt;&gt; But here's a prophet says, "Glory, watch Russia before everybody else was watching you and the Soviet Union. They was watching all these other countries, the United States." Glory. But look at Russia and that message recognized your day. He said Russia recognized that day. You say, "Well, wait a minute. They get coming up because God already ordained them to be what they are going to be. And they will take, are you listening? They got a bomb ready for this country. Glory. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; And I was in Phoenix, Arizona, out there visiting and and uh I went by brother Brun and different places. But the first time I says, I got to ride in prophecy. So they say everybody, you know, cars, you know, you know that halfway drive, you know, you set it, you have to still steer it. I said, no, brother Brandham said there would be a car with no no steering wheel driving down the road. All you do is sit in it. &gt;&gt; So I had my deacon with me. Glory. I said, "Listen, they said we want to get I forgot what they call a car, but I took a picture of it and got out." He said, I said, "Go, I want to ride in that car. I want to ride and prophesy." Praise God. So the brother called he called the car the car we was at to came to the hotel, picked us up, nobody in it. drove by, got to the car, it called the deacon's name, tell him Elliot Richardson, your ride is here. I said, "You talking about powerful?" I said, "Look, glory." And listen, this was back in 1930 something, Brother Brandon talking. And here we were here day and we got in the car, opened the door, and got in. Are you listening? The car was so computerized. It was It was showing the streets. It was showing the people that was walking. It was stopping. And I said, "Man, I don't know about this here." And it kept on getting out in the way. And I was wondering what the car doing. It was flashing for the car. He was changing lanes. It was flashing for the other car over there to stop where he can get in. I said, "Man, this is got a lot of s." I said, told my dear, I said, "You know what? I thank God, Glory. I ain't talking about riding down watching TV. You can sit in there and don't worry about where you're going and when you get there, the carte you have arrived." Oh, glory. And if they could do that in the natural, what about the Holy Ghost get you to a place you have arrived. You're here. You're ready for the rapture. Glory to God. Recognize time is close. The hour is here. Glory. And Joshua God said, "Listen, you got to destroy destroy Ai. You got to you got to make sure." Man, God didn't say, "Wait till next week, you know, wait six months later." He said, "Destroy." And Joshua got in. He got the army. They started fighting. They started fighting. And he'd already heard from God. Glory. And And when the sun was going down, it was getting dark. He said, "Oh, if the enemy didn't say, Lord, if the enemy, can I wait till tomorrow cuz it's getting dark." You know, I said, "No, no, he didn't say." He was wondering, "Lord told me to finish." He didn't go try to get a second opinion. He didn't try to get a third. Ask God the second time. God said, "Destroy it today, not tomorrow. Don't wait next week. Do it today." &gt;&gt; So the sun was going down. It was getting dark and the enemy would hide and Joshua didn't know what to do. He didn't only thing he said inspiration struck him. He says, "Son, stand still." Now, I want to say this here. Let me say it. I don't know if Joshua know the son was going to stop. But he spoke it anyway. Go ahead. Why? Because he was inspired. And when you're inspired and God tell you to do something, God going to back it up. Yes, sir. Because he is the word. And the sun stood still. And Joshua and the moon stayed. Joshua fought until he destroyed the enemy that day. Oh, church of the living God bride. Do you know who we are? Third pool. I said, "Brother, when we get in the third pool and glory, you in the third pool." &gt;&gt; Glory. The first time the third pool was used on a mortal being was on sister bey first time it was used on a mortal being. Now, if he used it then, Glory, what about now? Glory. You way down the road. Glory. Speak. Glory. Speak the word. Speak the word. Keep talking. And sometimes we say things and we don't have enough patience to wait to it to come to pass. &gt;&gt; Glory. I always tell my church, listen, when you speak and ask God something, Glory. You got faith. Abraham was faithful to God. How many know that? Glory. He waited 25 years before you start complaining. Wait 25 years. Glory. Glory. I'm just I'm just saying that. Glory. Let church say amen. Glory. But inspiration. You got to be inspired. &gt;&gt; Glory. You know people come to church, you know. Oh, I just got to come with the message. I'm going come to church today. Glory. You should come in to church and Lord, glory, I'm anointed. You should be like Caleb. Lord, I'm coming to church. Give me my mountain. &gt;&gt; Glory. You know, sometimes we had, it's been a lot of battles in this message. You had all kind of things going on, all kind of doctors, all kind of this and that. But let me tell you, you still here. You still going on. What is keeping you? &gt;&gt; Yourself? &gt;&gt; No sir. It's Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; He is the same yesterday, the dead, forever. Glory. Are you listening? &gt;&gt; One time the disciples, they they John had uh introduced Jesus. How many know that &gt;&gt; he had introduced Jesus Christ and he got in trouble. He got in a trial. And his trial was glory. They put him in jail. Herod, he was preaching against women preachers. Glory. And his trial was, let church say amen. I didn't say make no mistake when I said that. Glory. Every time Elijah come, brother Brandham say he he preaching get the women in line. I'm just bringing you quotes. Let church say amen. And John had been preaching and and Herod got mad because he said, "You can't have your brother pillow's wife." And Herod got mad and put him in jail. &gt;&gt; And we put John in jail. He's down in jail. You know how it is. You get a little down and discouraged. And John, listen, after he had introduced the Messiah, behold the lamb of God which take away the sins of the whole world. He had introduced him. Glory. And yet when he got so down, he called his disciples. He said, "Listen, I want you to go and ask, is he the one or do we look for another?" &gt;&gt; Oh, let church. Amen. You got a lot of people in the message. Is brother Brandham the one or is there another message coming? Ain't no more coming. Glory. You have God's final voice. &gt;&gt; You have it. Glory. And John actually asked Jesus, "Is you the go ask him? Is he the one or do he look for another? Glory. And so the disciples, they kind made their way to Jesus. They found him. And Jesus was in a meeting. Glory. Jesus was in a meeting. Y'all excuse me. I'm John the Baptist preacher. I can't be neat. Glory. And Jesus in in a meeting. And he preached and they said, "Excuse me. Excuse me, master. We John sent us to ask, is you the one or do we look for another?" You know what Jesus didn't answer? You know what Jesus told him? Look, stay here. Hear the gospel preach. Watch. See what the things that you see in here. In other words, he wanted them to see the fulfillment of the word. Glory. Not that working on their feelings. Watch what the word say that he would do. Then you'll know it's him or not. He heal the sick, cast out devils, the blinded eyes open, the deaf ears unstopped. He said, "Now go tell John what you hear and see." Glory. Are you listening now? Glory. Go tell John what you hear and see. So the disciples went back. They said, "John, John said, is what did he say? Is he say he the Messiah? Is he the one?" They said, "Oh, John, I'm telling you, you should have been in one of those church service." Oh, glory. The blinded eyes was open. The deaf ears was unstopped. And poor people were sitting down there in drove and he had the gospel preached unto them. And John got anointed. John jumped up and said, "Oh, glory." They said, "What's going on, John?" That's him. Glory. He's vindicated by the word. That's him. Glory. And your message, Glory. If you going to be excited, it's vindicated by the word. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; And they said, "John, what's happening? What's going on?" He said, "Tell Harry to come cut my head off. I'm ready." What it was? He knew, glory, that he was in the right place. He knew he had the right message. He wasn't guessing, "Oh, is brother Brandham right? Oh, this say this." He knew that it was right, Glory, because he saw the fulfillment of the word that was promised for that age. &gt;&gt; Behold, I will send you personally. You, Elijah, the prophet, glory. Not you and your sister. Not you and your mama. Not you and your best friend. I will send you. &gt;&gt; It's a personal pronoun. And once you catch it, Glory, you'll recognize who he is and why he was sent to you. Or let church. Amen. &gt;&gt; You can't go. God, you know, God reveals by revelation. You can't go to somebody say, "Well, what you think that you think, brother Brandham, right? What you think?" They might not never know anything. God might not even talk to them. &gt;&gt; Lord, do you know sometime God let church say amen in the Bible when a Ahab or who it was, he came there, he says, you know, and God told me, he said, "Listen, the prophet said, if Jehoshaphat wasn't with you, I wouldn't even give you a time of day." That's right. &gt;&gt; I wouldn't even waste my time with you. Come on, let church. Amen. You better thank God for this message. Malachi 4, Luke 17:30, Hebrews 13:8 is not just scripture. It's divine revelation for the church to overcome. &gt;&gt; Glory. Let me take a few more. Glory. Listen. Brother Brandon was inspired. One day he was hunting out in the out there hunting uh doing something out walking and he walked by a cigarette pack with me you know I got saved I would cigarette pack thank God I ain't going I never mess with them no more glory &gt;&gt; but he walked by a cigarette pack and he looked down on it thinking man filth and smoking man taste he picked it up and he looked at it he got anointed he was inspired and he said if a man was thinking he wouldn't even smoke these things. Glory. And if you were thinking, you wouldn't even be joining any kind of organization or denomination. You'll be born again of the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; Glory. A thinking man. Glory. Some people scared of the Holy Ghost. Listen, I was baptized a a a gentleman. and I was witnessing to him and uh I tried to get him to come this morning but he's only been baptized about two months and uh he he couldn't make it. He was working. He's a millionaire and he come down we was building our bill. I said listen I don't care about your money. I don't care about your skills. But I said God had you here to speak to me. I'm speaking to you for a reason. And he was telling me about how much he loved Jesus. So I said let me I got to tell him now. That was my That was my flashing red light. I said, "Now he's talking about Jesus. He talking about somebody and Pentecostal Bapt." I said, "Let me tell you something." I says, "If you receive Jesus Christ, have you received the Holy Ghost?" He said, "I don't know if I have it or not." I said, "You don't have it. &gt;&gt; Cuz when you get it, you know you got it." &gt;&gt; And I asked him, I said, "Didn't you know they told you when you was born?" I said, "You." He said, "Yeah." I said, "When you get the Holy Ghost, Glory." He was baptized in the name of father, son, holy ghost. And I started telling about the message and about squirrels were being created under he said Jesus Christ. I said listen he's the same yesterday had a prophet said this. He's the same yesterday then ever. And he says wonder why I ain't got the holy ghost. I said listen listen read Acts 238. This what cuz I was only dealing with I said you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. I said you've been baptized you don't have the Holy Ghost you ain't going to make it. Go. He said, "I need to be baptized cuz this scripture says I shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." &gt;&gt; Praise God. We baptized him. That's about two months ago, right, baby? And baptized the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. This man is a millionaire. Glory. He come. He called me just He called me in the hotel. Oh, I wanted to come, but I got to I said, "Listen, don't worry about that. God have you a time. He want to hear that word every time I hear a message. Glory." He stirred about it. Glory. I give him end time seed sign. Glory. I gave him different ones. Glory. and recognizing your day in this message. He said, "Brother Perry, I'm beginning to recognize something different. I'm leaving this church." I said, "Listen, don't leave until God tell you to." I said, "When you hear the Holy Spirit speak to you, you when you go, you ain't never coming back." Glory. Hallelujah. He said, "Okay." He said, "But I'm about ready." I said, "When you get ready, when God get ready, you walk away. You'll never all you won't worry about your friends, your nephews, your cousin, your uncle, whatever. You'll walk right into the message of the hour. Glory. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. What the church need today, Glory. You know, it's good that we have all the quotes. Nothing wrong with that. But we need to do like s like uh Samson did. Lord, give me one more time. Lord, when I first come in the message, I was so fired up. I I made it to church. I made it to every prayer meeting. Lord, just once more. Some of us don't realize we have lost some of our gusto. Glory. What you need to do, Lord, once more, Lord. Let me feel the way I felt when I first come in the message. I want to feel when I was first illuminated. Go ahead. Trials and different things come. It weakens you spiritually. It gets you going over the years and all that church. Amen. Some of us get real hard, cold, formal like Glory. Listen, God don't owe you nothing. &gt;&gt; God don't owe none of us nothing. &gt;&gt; Glory. We come to church because we need him. Let me remind you, God don't need you. &gt;&gt; You need God. I need God. Glory. You can't change God. God come to change us. And when we walk in here, Glory, in the church, Glory, it's a privilege for us to be able to come in the presence of God. Many wise men and scholars and people educated want to sit where you sitting and they can't sit there. Why? Because it's revelation. It has to be revealed to them. And God revealed it to you. Babe, such as we learn. You think they don't want to come. People want to come. But no man can come except God called them. &gt;&gt; And all that the father has given me will come to me. I lose none &gt;&gt; except for the son of predition. You're in the greatest age. You're in the greatest time. You're in the greatest age of time you can ever live. You sitting in one of the greatest places you can sit in the end time message. Well, God is calling the elected bride. Glory. He ain't calling the church. Glory. He got plenty churches. Glory. But he's calling. He want a wife. He wants somebody that can marry to him that will be a part of him. B like Adam was bones of his bones, flesh of his flesh, word of his word, life of his life. Glory. He wants somebody that's married to him. &gt;&gt; That's what this message come from. &gt;&gt; Glory. Listen. An expectation. Brother Brandham says, listen, you ought to come to church expecting God. &gt;&gt; Let church. Amen. Not coming on some days expecting. He said you come expecting God to do something every service. And when you do that there, Glory, listen. The preacher can't preach. The musicians have a hard time. Glory. Why? Because you in expectation. Expectation for what? Glory. I come in to see sister so and so. Brother Brandham already told if you want to see sister so and so, brother so and so, you go to their house. But when you come to church, you come to see God. &gt;&gt; Sir, we would see Jesus. The Greeks came to the Passover. They wanted to see Jesus. They didn't come. I want to see Peter, John, and James. You know, I know they disciples of the Lord, and I know they good. They read the message and they good. Glory. When they got there, they said, "Sir, we would see Jesus." Philip telling Andrew and Andrew telling Phillip, "Glory." And they went to get Jesus. And you know what? Those Greeks, you know how far they travel? Greece is a long ways. Glory. Long ways by plane. But they come from Athens, Greece to hear Jesus. And when he walked out there, go ahead. He looked at the stern we see Jesus. Jesus come out there. And they looked at him and Jesus said, "I set up the corner of wheat fall in the ground and die. It abide alone." In other words, you know what he's telling? You looking for me, but you can't see me. Glory. You only see the shell that is, but the mighty God has been veiled. Glory. They came to see God. Glory. And they saw the manifestation of a man. Glory. God was hiding behind Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Let me tell you something today. God is hiding behind the bride. Go. You may think it's just a little sister or just a little brother there. Glory. Well, things has changed now. Glory. &gt;&gt; You. She has become him. &gt;&gt; Glory. &gt;&gt; Glory. &gt;&gt; Inspiration. &gt;&gt; This is sister had it right. We hear that story all the time. You know, if it was a Bible, she'd have been in the Bible. But she's in the spoken word. &gt;&gt; The spoken word is God. Let church say Amen. Brother says part of the Bible. It is the Bible. Ain't the B. It don't make no difference what they say. She's in the word. Glory. Glory. And when you go read about sister had it, right, Glory? You know, she got inspired. She come out there. Brother B was just talking about the silver tip grizzly and the hunting trip. You know, some of us said we're hunting. Oh, went on a trip and we had a good time. You hunting and you know, we take it like, you know, maybe it's okay, but it's not nothing really important. And sister had it right when he come. She start he start talking about the silver tip grizz and everything that happened on the trip and she said brother Brandham that's nothing but the truth &gt;&gt; that inside of her heart was so sincere God come down say give her what you want &gt;&gt; glory you know what she was so inspired she didn't even know what she wanted or what she needed she was so satisfied with God what about the bride today so satisfied with God be content with the word get quiet Sometime run for pillar the post don't know where to stay. Don't know where he going. Go. You got to be certain that what God told you going is the truth. Go ahead. &gt;&gt; And sister had it right. Said, "Brother Brandom, I don't know what to ask. I I don't know what." He said, "Well, sister, I can't ask for you." Boy, that'd be somebody in the message said, "Yeah, I tell you what God want done with your life. Let me tell you what God want with you." Glory. Glory. &gt;&gt; She said, "Sister, sister Rice, brother Brandham, I don't know what to ask." He said, "Well, I can't tell you. I don't know what it it but only thing I tell what is your desire can you believe it had a sister &gt;&gt; glory &gt;&gt; poor &gt;&gt; million dollars I don't know if I would have turned that down I had to really have the deep Holy Ghost deep down inside at least I'm honest glory that church say amen glory and said a million dollars to fall in your lap brother brother and whatever you want glory and she said glory what's your greatest desire She said, "Brother Brandon, my greatest desire is the salvation of my two boys. &gt;&gt; In the name of Jesus Christ, I give you your two boys. Glory." And they fell on their knees, start crying out to God right then and there. Somebody say, "Well, they ain't went to church." I don't care if they don't go to church. They ain't never had to go to church. A gift is a gift. &gt;&gt; Oh, let church say amen. Don't get quiet. I've heard people in the message earlier, yeah, they never did go to church. I don't care if they didn't go. God said, "I give them to you." &gt;&gt; Glory. When God give you something, you know, you think God's the Indian giver, he ain't know. He said, I give you a salvation of your two boys. When she get on the other side, if they don't step a foot in the church, she'll see him on the other side. Why? Because God said so. &gt;&gt; You can't make God have a liar. Oh no. &gt;&gt; Glory. &gt;&gt; All of a sudden, glory stick inspires inspiration people. the word you. How many heard brother Brandham said when you find somebody God did something for somebody in the word and he and you meet the same qualification or same thing he said God is obligated &gt;&gt; to do the same thing for you or else he acted wrong in the first place &gt;&gt; and God don't act wrong &gt;&gt; no sir Lord he's obligated glory to keep his word listen when the inspiration sometime it comes you don't even know Job in the time of crisis is you know sometime when people get in trials and get in hard instead of them crying out to God glory they they first on they get on nothing wrong with that if people do that they call sister so s you don't know how I'm going through real bad times you don't notice my uncle died my family died my nobody loves me and so forth and they get in a time of crisis the one that they should be crying on &gt;&gt; is God &gt;&gt; glory listen that's why God took away how many know God took away the high priest priest. The high priest, you come in there and said, "Listen, I got cancelled." He said, "Well, I can have cancer, too." Glory. But this high priest, &gt;&gt; Jesus Christ is a high priest forever after the order of mazdc. Glory. He knows what we going through. He feels what we going through. And guess what? He can do something about it. &gt;&gt; But a natural priest never could. &gt;&gt; He can only sympathize with you. &gt;&gt; But Jesus can step in there. &gt;&gt; Glory. And he can take take the place. He can feel your infirmities. He can feel what's going on. Glory church. Say amen. &gt;&gt; I think brother Bam talked about the Sonician woman. He in several places of perseverance. He preached that message several times maybe over 15. He said, "Listen, you got to be persistent. You got to be persevering." Sometime people want God to do something for them and they ain't persisting. God want you to be constant. Persistent. Persistent. And that woman and sometime things going to happen. It gonna happen. Look like God let it happen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And really, he did. &gt;&gt; Glory. The devil can't do nothing to you unless God allow it. &gt;&gt; Don't give the devil no credit. You better give a credit to God. He have to go to God. Like I'm coming into my text now. He have to go to God and ask God, let you know why they doing good in their business. They doing good in their life. You know why they doing? Cuz you are protecting them. Let me have them. And I guarantee you they'll lead a message. I'm just saying that because that's our age. You understand? I'm saying that because of age. They said they'll curse you to your face and go glory glory. But that's what happen. Things going to happen. People, you know, oh, I'm gone. It It ain't what I thought it was. It ain't what it glory. Of course, it ain't what you thought it was. You got to think what God thought it was. &gt;&gt; Glory. Your idea and God's idea is two different things. And let let me just say, my thoughts are not your thoughts. My ways are not your ways. So as the heavens are full of the earth, so is my ways from your ways, said the Lord. Glory. Sometimes, Glory. We criticize things and get upset with some man. God said, "Well, leave it alone." &gt;&gt; You remember the man was cursing David and spitting on him and everything and God spoke out of David said, "Leave him alone. Maybe the Lord told him to do this &gt;&gt; cuz I'm looking for a blessing." &gt;&gt; Praise God. Most of us in the message, he talked about me and we be on Facebook and whatever other kind of channel we talk about. Leave that sister, that brother alone. Glory. They said this about this. Don't get quiet. Don't act like y'all holy. Y'all know what I'm talking about. Your Facebook and and YouTube channels and all that kind. It's crazy. What we need to do is get back to the word, back to the Bible. Listen, I get on my little grandson. He be on the I said, "What are you doing?" Oh, I'm looking at your I said, "If you got the you got uh uh the the table on your on your the message on your phone, what are you talking about?" I said, "From here on out, when I see you playing with that, I better see you reading by Brother Random." Glory. I better see you playing today. Glory. Now I don't know how much you do it but every time I say what you got on the phone he said oh granddad I listen to sir is this the time I said tell me what what you listen to when I get glory let church say amen but that phone glory if they don't glory they be all kind of games and everything but we want to what we want to put the right thing in their mind they may trick us sometime but at least when we check they can say they could call a title out anyway if they they can't say whole message let church say amen you got to be inspired One time, brother Brandham talks about an auctioneer. How many remember he talks about that auctioneer? He said he was trying to auction off and I like going to auction cuz I go go uh bid on cars and stuff like that. And the auctioneer he was there he said had a violin trying to auction it off. Said somebody $5, $5, somebody give me $5 $5 $5. Nobody would buy auction looking said what's wrong the violin is a good instrument you know baby auction. $5. $5. He said, "A man back in the audience, he said, "Excuse me a minute, sir." He said, "All right, good." And the man came up, came up front, got the violin, and he start playing it so beautifully. Boy, they hear the music and Auctioneer got anointed. He said, " $5,000. Anybody give me $5,000?" $5,000. Glory. What? What? He said, "What happened?" The master's hand got a hold to it. He got anointed. Glory. He moved in that channel and $5,000. He just sold $5,000 when 10 minutes early he couldn't get $5 for it. What it was, it was the master's hand. It may not be what you think it is. Glory. He might be a bad brother. He might be a bad sister. Whatever. But wait till the master's hand get a hold to it. When the master hand get a hold to it, they become a bride of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Glory. The message, the people in the message, they don't know what repent is. You know what repent? Pit means to turn around &gt;&gt; to change. The zeal of this hour I have to preach the message. This what I read. Glory &gt;&gt; here. The zeal of this hour is not pride. &gt;&gt; The zeal of this hour is to say I'm sorry. &gt;&gt; Glory. Jesus said, "I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice, I will come into Glory." And let me tell you, preaching ain't trying to convince you to do something. Preaching is trying to get your soul saved. Preaching is trying to get you in heaven. Glory. And he said, "Let not your heart be troubled. If you believe in God," Jesus said, "believe also in me. In my father's house are many mansions. If it were not so, I wouldn't have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. And where I am, there you may be also." How many want to be where Jesus is? &gt;&gt; How many want to be where Jesus is? You have the opportunity. &gt;&gt; He's already opened the way. &gt;&gt; See, like the psalm said, "Lift up your heads, oh ye gates. be lifted up. Let the king of glory come in. Who is the king of glory? The Lord mighty in battle. He conquered death, hell, and the grave. &gt;&gt; Do you believe that? Glory. And when you rose, brother, he rose. Brother Brandham say you rose with him. When he overcame, you overcome with him. Don't let the devil push you in a corner. You a son and daughter of God. Trials going to come. Problems in life is going to happen. No, everybody have. Nobody's exempt. But one thing that you have, glory, that you can always attend, you have that Jesus Christ that promised that he will be with you always. &gt;&gt; Not sometime, always. Even to the end of the age. &gt;&gt; Glory. &gt;&gt; One time had a sister in my church been there for years. Glory. She got sick. This about two years ago. I don't know, maybe a year and a half ago. And uh but I know y'all have great testimonies. Thanks. It's good. But just want to add this in. He she was she got real sick. She was going to the hospital. The doctor couldn't find what was wrong with her. Finally, they found out that she had cancer. And then by the time she organs was breaking down, everything. So the doctor side they was going to cut her open. They cut her open. And they didn't see no. All they saw was black. Black on the inside. Sister Pam. And doctor said, "We can't do nothing." They shouldn't have even cut her open. They couldn't do nothing. They said, "We can't do nothing." Sewed her back up. They said, "Well, she ain't going to have that long to live." Her organs had quitting. Her liver had quit. Couldn't have had no didn't have no bowels, nothing. I mean, she just was totally just about gone. A month went by. She called her daughter said, "Bring her bring her daughter name is Tamila. Bring bring me something to drink." Said, "Mama, you want something to drink?" Say, "Yes, bring me something to drink." Glory to God. Hallelujah. That was the beginning. Glory. She got something to drink. Glory. A couple months went by. Anyway, she's in church now. A couple months went by. Glory. Her liver start working. Her kidneys start working. The doctors ain't know what what was going on. They said, "But let let us look at you." I said, "Brother William, don't let them touch her." Glory. God done healed her. &gt;&gt; And he stayed in the hospital about a month ago. He let us stay in there. I said, "Brother William, go get your go get your wife out the hospital. They don't know what to do. But you, we have a great position. Now is near. Is there no bomb in Gilead? Is there no position in the land? Then why not the daughters of my people healed? &gt;&gt; Glory. And she came home. Glory. Everything working. Kidneys work. She went back to work. Glory. And everything. I don't know. She close to 69. She went back to work and everything. What was it? Glory. When you believe God &gt;&gt; and you don't doubt, &gt;&gt; glory, you hold true to the word, &gt;&gt; you got to wait on God. Sometime it see like he not moving and not going to make it. It's taking too late. Don't worry about that, Glory. &gt;&gt; If he slay you, you ought to trust him anyway. &gt;&gt; All right. &gt;&gt; Glory. &gt;&gt; And she got got back to work and everything supernatural. And let me tell you something. God nature is not natural. Brother Brandham said God's nature is supernatural. Glory. He does things that you think or I think it's impossible, &gt;&gt; but it's nothing is impossible for God. &gt;&gt; Glory. That's why we had a message. Look at brother Brandham. All the great miracles and look at that sister Florence night again. I know you see all these messages and and so forth. She was so skinny looked like wasn't nothing going to happen. &gt;&gt; But when God come down and prayed for her and guess what? You know what? It's Zoe on God's own life. &gt;&gt; The word is life. &gt;&gt; I know we human beings and we're limited. Glory. And and and a lot of times God heals who he wants to. &gt;&gt; Glory. Are you listening? &gt;&gt; You say, "Oh, God didn't heal my sister. God didn't heal my brother." Yeah. God heals who he wants to. &gt;&gt; And he touches who he want to. And let's just say amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. You know, brother Bam said it was wrong when said God heal everybody. No, that's wrong. He don't heal everybody. God heal who he wants to &gt;&gt; and he saves who he wants to. &gt;&gt; Glory, are you listening? &gt;&gt; You remember that maniac when it was attacking all the preachers? They said, "Brother Brandom, is he is he is he been delivered?" He says, "No." He said, "Why?" He says, "Glory." He loved that spirit that he have. &gt;&gt; Amen. God can't override your spirit. If you love what you doing, oh, let church. Amen. Can I come home now? If you love to gossip, then God ain't override that. If you love to lie, God ain't over. You got to want to stop lying. You got to want to stop smoking. You got to want to stop cutting your hair. Glory. God is not going to override your human be. Remember, you're on free moral agency. &gt;&gt; Free moral agency. &gt;&gt; God let you do what you want to do. You have to yield yourself to him. &gt;&gt; You want to be saved, glory. You got to yield yourself to him. You want to be transformed, want to be changed, glory. Then you have to yield to God. &gt;&gt; Glory. Amen. He don't make us do anything. No. Glory to God. Inspiration. Inspiration. Inspiration. Inspiration. Glory. Listen. Testimony on the sea. Y'all the message. They was there on the sea. Glory. And brother Brandon was said Jesus was in the bottom of the boat. You done heard it many times. He said, "Why is he in the bottom of the boat?" He was just down there resting, taking it easy. And they was having trouble up there. Waves and storms hitting the boat. the boat about to sink and everything they study trying to do things the itself that's just like human beings we always trying to do things ourself then when we can't get it done we want God to come help us first of all you should call on God first &gt;&gt; glory and they was jumping the water they was jumping water out then they got frustrated you know they got mad with God really they run down here well gee in other words I want to dramatize it what you doing down here sleeping you see we doing everything we can to get this water out the boat we about to s glory And they said, "Lord, you don't care that we're going to perish." And Jesus walked up on the boat, and I like how brother Brandham dramatized it. He said, "Jesus walked up on the boat, put his foot up on the hill, and he looked at the storm, and he said, "Peace be still." &gt;&gt; And he walked back down. And they said, "What manner of man is this?" &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Even the waves and the wind and the sea obey him. He was God. &gt;&gt; He was the word made flesh. All that church say amen. &gt;&gt; You said brother Brandham, you know, are you listening? &gt;&gt; Can I say something that's going to shake you? Brother Brandham, God was using brother Brandham. It wasn't brother Brandham c stop the Colorado storm. That was God hiding a vessel where he could use where his servant that he could stop the storm. &gt;&gt; You know, I found out people in the message, you know what they say, God is in you. God is in the word. But when you say God was in brother Brandham, they get the what's what's wrong? What's wrong? Who was he then? Glory. Who was in him? &gt;&gt; God used him to stop the car store coming. Just like God come in your body. You lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. If you did you to lay hands on them and heal them or did God do it? &gt;&gt; God veils himself in flesh. &gt;&gt; Glory. Oh, don't get quiet. I know everybody in the message. I I preach I preach in 38 countries. I I send this every time. Brother Brandham. Oh, glory. I can't help if your mind make you think he's God. Glory. Well, really, you not far from it, Glory. Cuz if they wouldn't have mistaken him for God, glory, then it wouldn't have been right with the scriptures cuz they mistake John for Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Glory. And I'm quoting you from I'm quoting you from the serpent seed. &gt;&gt; Glory. Glory. Don't don't don't don't don't be in between. &gt;&gt; If a little sister come lay hands on somebody and they heal, who healed them? That little sister did it. Then you become an idol worshipper. &gt;&gt; Oh, glory. I'm stepping on some toes. Well, he said to preach. Let me let me let me preach. I'm like home now. Glory. That's why I feel at church. Glory. Glory. But you have to be inspired. It moves you. It moves you into what God want. You know this glory. He was a thieves and we hear many times thieves on the cross. And both of them was on. Do you know both of them was on the cross. They was fussing. They said, "Listen, he's the Messiah. Let him to come down from the cross and bring us down with him. Glory. If he be the son of God, glory. Let him let him save himself and us. We both here. We need to be saved. He's got the power. They were believing he got the power. Brother Bram says they was trying to devil was trying to get him to exercise his power outside of the will of God. &gt;&gt; Oh, you mean Jesus had to follow the will of God? Yes. Glory. He was the word. He was God. And he kept and he says, you know, save yourself and us. We believe you the Messiah. Save us and yourself. And then finally, one of them got to thinking something happened to him. Glory. He had he had he had a he had something to have. I want to call it maybe a a metamorphosis or something happened to him. He he got there. He said, "Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Don't you feel God?" He said we we deserve all the things that we we deserve to be on the cross. We deserve to die. This man this man that they got ha they have lied on him told all kind of things. Glory. This man he had done nothing wrong. &gt;&gt; Glory. But he says Lord he called him capital L O R D. Elohim. Lord when you get to your kingdom remember me. I wonder where did that inspiration come from? Where did it come from? God. God came and Jesus said, "Today, not tomorrow, &gt;&gt; not when you go in the grave. Today, you'll be with me in paradise." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; What was it? &gt;&gt; He was inspired. He was inspired. &gt;&gt; Many people. All scripture. All scripture. Glory. Brother Brandham talks about Sister Fanny Crosby. How many How many heard that? &gt;&gt; Sister Fanny Crosby. She was a great songwriter. Every song she wrote, we read sang most of her songs in in the song book and she she she kept singing and she the world wanted her gift. They saw how blessed she was sanging everything. Every time she write a song, it was anointed and they tried to give her money. They tried to sell it and then they come talk to her. They even send they send like they said scouts. Glory. Praise God. I have a grandson 68. They send scouts over there to get him. Glory. I said, "All right." I gave him a choice. I said, "You can make a lot of money or sell your birthright, whichever you want to do. I leave it up to you." Glory. He said, "What you talking about, granddaddy?" I said, "Go read about it. You can sell your birthight for a good NBA." Glory. Let church say amen. Y'all ain't think I believe this message. All right. I don't think about it. I believe all of it. &gt;&gt; Glory. I believe it. Glory. Whether it whether people understand it or not. I didn't make the choice for him. I told him to make the choice. I said, "Esau, at least you getting more than Esau. He sold his for uh some pottage. That's a slop of the world." I said, "At least you getting to maybe get a good NBA contract and you might die rich." &gt;&gt; I said, "But you got to sell your birthright." Satan ain't going to give it to you for nothing. &gt;&gt; That's what people don't understand. &gt;&gt; He gave it to Jesus. Listen, all this I give you. You can have all this. We'll have you every say signing up for every NBA team, but you got to give me something. &gt;&gt; You're not going to get it free. Glory. Glory. He said if you fall down and worship me. Glory. See, people don't understand that destiny. You when you would with the word, Glory, you not devil ain't going to give you something and ain't going to get nothing back from it. Glory. Oh, they But listen, God, you are you listening? You can come without money, without price. Salvation is free. Glory. Hallelujah. Glory, you spend money for things that cost us a lot. Glory. But salvation don't cost you nothing. &gt;&gt; Matter of fact, some people don't even pay tithe when they come to church. Let me leave that alone. But Glory, salvation don't cost you nothing. &gt;&gt; It's free. &gt;&gt; It's free. &gt;&gt; Glory. Don't sell out. &gt;&gt; No sir. Don't sell out for nothing. Glory. Glory. It may look good then, but guess what? When you inspire, the inspiration inspire you to do something. Glory. Listen, Gloria, I found that Gloria in in Memphis, Tennessee, Brother Brandham talks about the woman, the Shouite woman and things everybody talks about the plane and that's good. But one thing that struck me, she says, I am like that Shouite woman. &gt;&gt; I'm like what's in the word. How many want to be like what's in the word? &gt;&gt; Glory. If you ask anybody, you want to be Jezebel? They say, "Oh, no, no, no. You want to be Ruth?" Yes. Glory. She said, "I'm like that Shouanite woman, but Lord, I'm like the Shouite woman. But where's Elijah? If Elijah was with the first Shouite woman, then Elijah had to be here somewhere. Glory." &gt;&gt; And God says, "Since you have that kind of faith, I'm going to send him to you. &gt;&gt; I'mma show you that he's here. &gt;&gt; You believe that? It was no coincidence." &gt;&gt; Glory. God don't work by coincidence. &gt;&gt; God have a purpose for everything he does. this morning. You may think, "I just came to church here because we come here every Sunday morning to go." You have a purpose for being here. Every Sunday you come, you have a purpose for being there. Glory. And you may not know, you need every time you come, you need that word to fill in your heart and your soul. &gt;&gt; Glory. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Glory. Something like the shoe like, "Where's your life?" And God said, "Holy, wait a minute." Glory. The plane was flying. They was going back there. He said going back to Louisville the plane was God said make a detour. Pilot don't know why he said go on down to Memphis. How many know where Louisiana is in Louisiana up here? How many know what Memphis Tennessee is? &gt;&gt; Memphis Tennessee down here. That don't make no sense do it. There's plenty other places they could have flew could have flown into. But as it was going he changed here going to Louisville Kentucky. Now he's going down to Memphis Tennessee for what? Because there was a daughter of God, a bride that needed the word that needed Elijah. And God wanted to show her that Elijah was alive, &gt;&gt; that he was on the earth. &gt;&gt; Glory. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And amen. The prophet didn't even know why. He got off the pain. He forgot his suitcase. God had already showed a vision. Let me tell you something. When God show you something's going to happen, it will be just that way. &gt;&gt; Glory. &gt;&gt; Glory. And you walked out there suitcase, you walked out the hotel, he forgot the suitcase. And let me tell you something, Gloria, that that woman, she was there up 4:00 in the morning &gt;&gt; waiting. Do all over. Praise God. Some of us fight to get to work on time. Praise God. But do all overhead. Waiting. Waiting there. Waiting. Where the God and God God didn't say I'mma send you Elijah. She asked where he is. God said I'mma make sure she know that he's here. And is he walking there? She way all over. Then when he came up when brother Brand come the vision came into reality. She saw what he looked like, what he had on, what he was wearing, what God revealed to her. Glory. Let church say amen. If God revealed something to you, it will be just that way. &gt;&gt; Glory. And she is so confident. She said, "Good morning, parson." And brother B said, "How you know I was a preacher?" He said, "Cuz he told me you was coming." Glory. &gt;&gt; Amen. If he told you he was coming, Glory, something got to happen. Something good is going to happen. Glory. And there says, "Good morning." He says, "And got to talk." He says, "I want you. My son is there. I pray for the sick and so forth. Brother Brandham, come in there." And I say this here, Gloria, especially now, my Lord, when you walked in that house, he said she had something in there that every house in America needed. Glory. Hallelujah. You could tell they've been praying. You could tell something what we need in our house. Oh, let church say amen. This young generation, glory. Don't Don't get let church say amen. Come on, young people. Glory. This young generation. Glory. You ain't got to pray more. Seek God more. Glory. Glory. Because you know what? The old folks is dying off. &gt;&gt; Mama ain't going to make you pray every day. Mama ain't going to make you read the Bible. You going to have to have something inside. &gt;&gt; My goodness. &gt;&gt; You going to have to have it there. It's not going to come just cuz you're glory. &gt;&gt; He said she had something you could feel the presence of God. Glory. My goodness. You ought to walk in a believer's house. Glory. You ought to feel the presence of God. &gt;&gt; Praise God. Yes. Yeah. No matter you walk in the church, &gt;&gt; I like going there when I see Glory. This just my assessment so don't take it person. I walk in the church when I see brother Brandham picture hanging in there. I said at least they got his picture hanging in there. Praise God. Glory. Him and Jesus. Somebody said I you know as over the years you go through all kind of things people saying this that and that go glory. You don't want to be fooling with that. But the thing that I like, Glory, Glory, when I see that P pillar fire, that seven angel to come out of eternity, I say, "Yes, Glory. The Holy Ghost is on the scene." Glory. &gt;&gt; And when he walked in today, she said, "She didn't have all those kind of pinups and everything in the house." But what she had in there, every house needs. Glory. And I like this. Glory. When I first come, my my children will tell you they grown up now. Glory. And I used to be at the house. My wife tell they they go I can go off and come back. When I walk in the house, I could tell if they played any rock and roll music. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; Glory. Because we all we did was play brother Brandham tapes. We play the music and the atmosphere and another spirit coming there. You could feel it. Glory. &gt;&gt; Praise God. Oh, don't get quiet. &gt;&gt; Glory. I used to one time I could tell who coming to my house. As my wife, I said so and so coming to the house. They'll be here in a few minutes. Glory. I said Lord what happened to that? Once more, Lord. &gt;&gt; Once more. We want more of it, Lord. We want you to reveal to We want the church. Give us one more time. You need it. I need it. We want the Holy Ghost. Glory. Not just talking about the supernatural. Not just talking about the seal. But the seals got to become a reality in the bride. You must be the word. Glory. God seal you up by the Holy Ghost. Now, the word and the bride must become one. &gt;&gt; Glory. That's what this message is for. I hear brothers say, "Oh, you got to listen to the tape. You got to listen to the tape. You got That's good. But the word got to become you." He was the word. The image of the very invisible God must come a reality to you and me. And I'm not just saying that. Glory. No. Glory. God got to become a reality. He can walk. God can talk. God can speak. &gt;&gt; Glory. He came to Abraham house. Brother Brown said he ate. &gt;&gt; Glory. Come out ate. You drunk milk. &gt;&gt; God can write. &gt;&gt; Glory. He's still God today. Reason why I'm going saying this because sometime we get in church move we don't realize we come here to see Jesus and the word brings him on the scene. What brother said calling Jesus on the scene. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Glory that church say amen. I met years ago covering this message. You know, Gloria eight I mean me and brother Jason was young so you know me got I met him long time long Gloria I ain't ashamed I'm 68 now and I'm tell you what I'm like Caleb I was young when I first came in and I'm old and let me tell you something is more powerful now than when I first heard it. Glory I can see the vindication of everything brother Brandham said. &gt;&gt; Glory glory now. Glory somebody can talk to you about it. talk you out of it. Glory. Praise God. Explain it. Let church. Amen. I don't hear. I don't hear to explain the thunders. Explain this here. But can you bring him on the scene? &gt;&gt; Glory. When you and when him and me meet, when two omnipotent meet, something have to happen. When you come in church, Glory, and you, you know, people think, "Oh, it's got to be all supernatural. All no. When the presence of God is there, you know it's there. &gt;&gt; You ain't feeling the preacher then. You're going, you feeling the presence of the almighty God. Glory." And guess what? It'll make all evil spirits leave. All indifference leave. All everything going away. You'll feel like your glory. You'll feel free. Glory. &gt;&gt; And he who the son set free is free indeed. &gt;&gt; Glory. Said, "Oh, I was preaching one time in in England." I said, they said, "Are we in the message? We Abraham seed." I said, "Well, if you Abraham children, then you believe everything brother Brandham said." Glory. &gt;&gt; That church say amen. And I got to talking Glory. I said, "Listen, glory." They said, "We Abraham's seed." I said, "The Jews told you Abraham's seed." Jesus said, "Listen, if you was Abraham's seed, you'll believe me." &gt;&gt; Glory. And they said, "Well, you born of fornication. How you going?" He said, "Listen." Jesus let them know. Glory. Why are you trying to disbelieve or kill me or kill the effects of the word or try to kill the message if you're a message believer? &gt;&gt; Glory. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You know, Abraham rejoiced to see my day. What? Abraham rejoiced to see you. You ain't 50 years old yet. You ain't been in the messes long. Glory. He said, "But before Abraham was, I am." Glory. In other words, I was with God before the foundation of the world. Greatest battle ever fought. Glory. You had to be with him then, or else you wouldn't be here now. &gt;&gt; Glory. &gt;&gt; I'm getting ready to close. Listen. Listen. You got to let the word inspire you. It must keep you in inspiration. &gt;&gt; The inspiration of the word. Listen, when the ch when the when they got in the I believe it's third seal and they was buying major wheat for Bali, major penny for Bali. See, they was selling prayers. They was, you know, doing all kind of church tricks. I call them going the Catholic church. God said, "You can do all that you want to do, but don't touch the oil and the wine." You know why? The oil and the stimulation from the revelation. You can touch everything, their house, their land, their but don't touch the revelation from the stimulation that I put in their soul. You won't be able to touch that. And it's still the same today. They can't touch the stimulation from revelation. He might touch your house, might touch your friends, might touch anything else. But inside of you, that deep call into the deep. There's stimulation there that glory keeps you drunk on the raft of the word of the not of the word of God. It keeps you drunk by the word of God that you never go get uh uh to a place where you won't want to serve God. Glory. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. Inspired. Inspired. Inspiration. All scripture. All scripture is given by inspiration. All scripture. I had another page here. Let me let me just finish this here. Glory. I'm in Memphis, Tennessee. Glory. When brother Brandham walked in the house, you know, he started praying for us, son. He said it was dark. It was dark. It's dark. When he got finished praying, he said, "Oh, mama is lighted here." &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And when he said light here, he start out the door. I like what brother Brand said. She she didn't care whether he got healed or but what she didn't want him to die lost &gt;&gt; that was the main thing &gt;&gt; and said she thought oh my mama's baby her brother Brandham slipped out the door glory he going leaving glory as he walked into the airport y'all heard the story he walked in there he said he said Louisville now uh play such and such flight departing for Louisville Kentucky this is your prophet this is my prophet he said God helped the plane on the down &gt;&gt; until he got finished doing what he wanted to do. &gt;&gt; And if God can hold that up, go, how much more he can hold up anything that try to stop the bride. &gt;&gt; Glory to God. &gt;&gt; Listen, I'm like Peter. As Peter spoke the word, the Holy Ghost fell on them. I'm not make a altar call, but if God want you here, your pastor here, he can pray for you. Say, Lord, I need I need a I need to be inspired more. &gt;&gt; I just don't want you know that church. Amen. Let me tell you something. Glory. God have confidence in you. I've heard but now I see. Glory. When Job, brother Brandham says when Job, God had confidence in him. And when Job got to the place. Glory. You know, he looked at the tree, the tree died, come back again. And he said, Lord, what you care about the tree and stuff more than man? Glory. And he kept on. And I like how brother Brandham said it. Listen. And he said, "Job saw the thunder was flashed. The lightning flashed, thunder roar, wind was blowing, everything. And he lifted up out the bed. Balls all over him. He lifted up out of bed. And you know what he said? I know my redeemer liveth. &gt;&gt; And I'm going to see him." Jo, the skin worm destroyed his body. Yet in my flesh, I'm going to see him. He going to be walking on the earth one of these days. What he said? Job got inspired. &gt;&gt; The sickness didn't bother him no more. &gt;&gt; Glory. Praise God. Why? Inspiration struck him. Glory. Inspiration moves you to the channel to move God in. Glory. You can get inspired, but you got to let God move in and take control. Praise God. How many How many know that is a channel? It's a channel of inspiration. Glory. You have it. I have it. &gt;&gt; Glory. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But we have to use it. &gt;&gt; Glory. That's all through the Bible. Esther. Glory. Let me take one that we use all the time that we not notice we we underestimate how you know Moses. How many know Moses bringing the children of Israel out of Egypt? &gt;&gt; I'm in the message of Exodus, third Exodus. He said when Moses start coming bringing them out of Egypt, God told him to go that way. Do you know that God told him to go the way of the Red Sea? And God knew the mountains on both sides. And God also probably knew and he did know that Pharaoh was gonna be chasing him. &gt;&gt; But see when God wanted he won't want won't totally control &gt;&gt; he also have total control of his prophet. And I'm going say this on the hill here don't lie. People say oh brother Brandham made mistake. That's cuz they don't know God. &gt;&gt; God don't make no mistake. &gt;&gt; Praise God. That brother said but the Bible said it was 7,000. Brother Brandham said 700. Didn't God tell them to leave it there? Glory. If God told him to leave it there, then he had a reason for leaving it there. Oh, don't get quiet. He could have erased it out. Glory. See, I I I let church say amen. I'm not getting his doctrine, but I'm trying to show you. When God says something, Glory, you can't make a You say made a mistake. God don't make no mistakes. &gt;&gt; I make mistakes. You make mistake. You can miss fire. You can do it. But glory. When God says something, he has a reason for doing it. &gt;&gt; And we have to trust God. Let church say amen. We have to trust God &gt;&gt; knowing that he have everything in his heart and mind to benefit his children. &gt;&gt; Glory. May God bless you. Let me let me let me stop. But Moses Moses as he going down he said God the people put pressure on him. You know he don't know what he doing. And Nathan and Coror glory said, "Listen, Moses, you going down by the Red Sea. How we gonna get out? Don't worry. God told him. God told me to go this way." Let church say amen. Are you following me so far? &gt;&gt; It ain't but 1:00. I usually preach at 3:00, but I'm going to let y'all out early. No. God bless you. God bless you. I don't preach about the hour. Glory. Notice. So Moses was going and as he got down by the Red Sea looked like looked like everything was getting ready to fall apart. All my efforts, everything that come out of Egypt, all they had, all they house, all they land, they had every cattle, they had everything, everything that they owned was right by the Red Sea. Nowhere to go. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Amen. &gt;&gt; And Moses and the people, Moses, what you going to do, Pharaoh behind? What you going to do? And all God done, he let the pillar of fire come down. &gt;&gt; It was darkness to Egypt and light to the children of Israel. &gt;&gt; And while he was standing there going, they saying, "What are we going to do?" And God, I'm going to tell you how brother Brandham said, "You know, God, how many know God is real? God is in nature." He said, God looked down at the Red Sea with angry eyes and the Red Sea, Lord, what you want me to do? Get out the way. Get out the way. &gt;&gt; And the Red Sea backed up. And they called the dry land and said, "Moses, Moses, why are you crying out to me?" Somebody, "I want my child saved. I want my children." Why are you crying out to me? I want to be a better Christian. Why are you crying out to me? Speak the word. Speak the word. Say you want it. &gt;&gt; Glory. Say you want to be closer to God. Speak the word and go forward. &gt;&gt; It hadn't changed. Now, if God got mad with his prophet, how many know God got mad with brother Brandham when he said he said, "I'm going to look for I'm going to be praying. I'm going to seek seek the Lord." And you know, people with sickness and cancer, he always prayed and sought God for it, saw a vision. And God said, "Why are you waiting on a vision? &gt;&gt; I gave you the power. Speak the word. &gt;&gt; Say what it is." God gave him the spoken word and let you know that Glory that you're not getting power just here and there. You have the power in you to create your own world and live in it. Somebody say, "I ain't done it yet." Don't worry, you'll do it. Just keep believing it. &gt;&gt; Faith come by what? Hearing. Hearing the word. God bless you. God bless you. I want to hold you. Be inspired. &gt;&gt; If you have something, you want to have Brother Jason come. Musicians come. Glory. Say, Lord, I want to get closer to you. &gt;&gt; I want to be like Samson. I want one more time. I want to really feel this message in my heart. I want you to touch me, Lord. Let's bow our heads. Oh God, as the musicians come, Lord is open. Lord, your presence is here. And Father, we thank you. I know I've been all over the place, but Lord, you know where to put the word in each individual heart, Lord. And we thank you for what you've done for us. I was so happy, glad when they said unto me, let us go into the house of the Lord. Bless this church. Bless Beth Tabernacle. Lord, the inspiration that you gave to them in this age, in this time, in this city, in this place, Lord. May the ministry go out, Lord God. It accomplish that which you sent it here to do, Lord. And we thank you for the pastor. May you bless Brother Jason with all our heart. Strengthen him, Lord. all the laborers and everybody in this church, Lord, may they understand this just not a church. But Lord, we're getting ready, making oursel ready, Lord God, to go on to be with you, Lord God. We want to go beyond the curtain time, Father. And I like that Lord when they went over there said, "These are not randoms. These are all your converts that led to Christ, that believe Christ, Lord." and bless this here church in this area, Lord. Even when they on the street passing by, may the anointing of the Holy Ghost like it was on Isuzu Street as they pass by, something shake them and anoint them, Lord, to want to come in to see what is the attraction on the mountain. &gt;&gt; Father, grant it, Lord, and bless it in the name of Jesus Christ. We thank you and give you honor and praise. Amen and amen. God bless you. God bless you. Praise the Lord. as brother Jason. Brother Jason come. Glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Thank you brother for liberty. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Glory. Glory. Thank you Lord. Glory &gt;&gt; worship him. &gt;&gt; Oh yes Lord. You are here. &gt;&gt; Oh yes. &gt;&gt; Moving in our midst. I worship you. I worship you. &gt;&gt; Do you believe he's here today? &gt;&gt; You are. &gt;&gt; Let's raise up our hands. Sing it to Jesus. &gt;&gt; Working in this. &gt;&gt; Oh, I believe the Lord wants to move, friends. &gt;&gt; I worship you. &gt;&gt; What do you say we give him freedom today? &gt;&gt; I worship you. &gt;&gt; You are here. &gt;&gt; You are here. Lift up those voices &gt;&gt; moving in our midst. &gt;&gt; We worship you. I worship you. I worship you. You are here working in this place. &gt;&gt; Oh, do you feel him working? &gt;&gt; I worship you. &gt;&gt; Oh, he's working today. What a worship you. What a word. Oh, you're the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, you're love, way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here. You are here. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah, Lord. &gt;&gt; Touching every heart, &gt;&gt; every heart. I worship you. &gt;&gt; Oh, now's the time to worship. Praise. You are here. You are here healing every heart. I worship you. He's worthy of it. I worship you. Oh, way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, that is who you are. [Music] That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. Yes, that is who you are. You are way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness God. That is who you are. [Music] Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. Come on, friend. Stop. Never stop working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. Even [Applause] [Music] you never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Even when I don't see it, you're working. Even when I don't feel it, you're working. You never stop. You never stop working. You never stop. You never stop working. Way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Oh, you're the way maker, miracle worker, promise keeper, light in the darkness. My God, &gt;&gt; that is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. That is who you are. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Even when you don't see him, he's working. &gt;&gt; You feel him. You might not feel him, but he's working. &gt;&gt; I'm glad he has every answer. I'm glad to have the answer to the devil's question before he can think of the question. &gt;&gt; Amen. Glory. &gt;&gt; I made so many notes I hardly know where to start. That was powerful. You know, I if if I pick two things that just move me to the core is the reality of how privileged we are to be here today to hear this word. And you know we've quoted that scripture many times for many prophets and king great prophets and kings desired to see it was not given. Here it is granted to you. Brother Benny just just added a little bit. He said many of them those great prophets great kings desired to sit in these seats &gt;&gt; in a message church and hear the great mysteries of God unfolded. It wasn't granted but it's granted to you. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. The last bride, the final voice to the final age. Oh friends, we're privileged today. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You can you can want to know God. &gt;&gt; You can want to be saved. You can want to have faith. But all of these things are given by God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You can want those things. That don't mean you can get them. &gt;&gt; It's all given. It's all granted. It's all sent down. It all comes down from. And it's all the spirit of God. I just believe the Lord deserves all the praise and all the glory today. How privileged we are that he that he spoke to us today. Do you feel spoken to by the word of God? You know, I had always read that verse and I and and I guess maybe I always just read it from Matthew and and Satan saith unto him, Satan speaking to Jesus in the wilderness, "All these things will I give thee if thou wilt fall down and worship me." But today I read it, it occurred to me, and I read it from the Gospel of Luke. And the devil said unto him, "All this power will I give thee, &gt;&gt; and the glory of them, for that is delivered unto me, and to whomsoever I will give it." &gt;&gt; Glory. &gt;&gt; And he's talking about his grandson. He just told him straight up, the devil can give you that. The devil, listen, friends, if you want the world, the devil can give you that, but there's a price. &gt;&gt; Glory. &gt;&gt; It'll cost you your soul. It'll and even if it don't cost you your soul, ultimately it'll cost you scars and wounds and torment and tortures and disappointment and sad broken dreams. But I'm here to tell you something. Jesus can give you the word and give you life and give you freedom and give you deliverance. &gt;&gt; They both have the power to give. The the only one that's deciding is you and me. I choose the word. &gt;&gt; I choose power. How many want to have freedom? How many want to have the word &gt;&gt; governing our lives? &gt;&gt; Oh my goodness, brother Benny. That was too good. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I want you to bow your heads all over the building with me. I don't dare want to pass an opportunity like this. Even brother Benny felt in in his own heart. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Maybe you need a fresh batch of inspiration today. &gt;&gt; Why don't you raise up a hand to God with every head bowed? Say, Lord, I need a fresh surge of the Holy Spirit in my life. Oh, I just want to put up both my hands. I want to say, Lord, I need a fresh surge. I need a fresh inspiration. Inspiration comes to the inspiraable people. Lord God, you see hands up everywhere, all over the building, I'm quite sure, out across the airwaves, hands are going up. Lord, we heard the word today. The word of truth that brings deliverance and brings freedom and brings power to sustain us in this impossible hour, this impossibly dark time. Lord, your word is more than enough. And you have desired to bless your people today. Preaching of the gospel has cast out devils. The preaching of the gospel has driven back spirits of unbelief. I felt you doing it, Lord. There's people in here right now who are at this moment free to make a choice. They might not have came here with that freedom. Spirits of the world binding their heart, not even able to have faith. But the preaching of the gospel has driven back the spirits of unbelief. And they stand right now with the liberty to choose you in your word. Oh, I pray they choose it today. Let everyone that has breath praise the Lord. Choose the Lord. Say, "I choose you, Jesus. I don't want the world. I want to be free of the world. And I want to be renewed in my spirit in the spirit of the almighty God. Grant it to us today, Lord. I'm believing, Father, hearts are being liberated today. I'm believing young people are drawing closer. I believe old people are re are rededicating their lives and we're repurposing our spirit and our heart today to serve you more fervently. Lord, I feel at the end of this service, I want to serve you more than I ever have before. I want to have more zeal. I want to have more energy for the Holy Spirit. I want to be a vessel that he can use. Oh God, we desire to be free. Lord, you have to desire it. You have to want to be free. &gt;&gt; As the minister said, God will not overstep your your will. You're a free moral agent. If you want to be free of lust, you got to want to be free of it. Lord, &gt;&gt; if you want to be free of the world, you got to want to be free. If you want deliverance, you got to want that thing binding you to be gone from your life. And if you'll do that, the Lord is here to break chains and set free. &gt;&gt; We thank you for it today, Lord God. Let the Holy Spirit confirm his word and seal the hearts and minds of your people in faith today. May it be so. Oh God, we love you. We thank you in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Let's sing. [Music] All right. Now, here's your chance. That's a testimony song. &gt;&gt; Withholding nothing. &gt;&gt; Is that your testimony? &gt;&gt; Withholding nothing. &gt;&gt; Come on. Before we go now, I surrender all to you. Everything I give. Everything I give. to withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. I surrender. I surrender all to you. Oh my. &gt;&gt; Everything I give &gt;&gt; I give to you. &gt;&gt; Come on. before you go back out into the world. Sing it now. &gt;&gt; Holding nothing. &gt;&gt; Let's make a firm commitment to the Lord. Holding nothing. One more time. I surrender. I surrender all my to you. &gt;&gt; Oh, this beautiful friends, lift it up. &gt;&gt; Everything, everything I give to Jesus. Let it be said to Jesus. &gt;&gt; Withholding nothing. &gt;&gt; Oh, let us be free today. &gt;&gt; Withholding nothing. &gt;&gt; Withholding. Withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. I give it all. I surrender it all. &gt;&gt; I surrender &gt;&gt; a fresh surrender of everything to you. Everything everything I give to you. Withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. I give myself away. Hallelujah. [Applause] Glory to God. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. Here I am. I am here. I stand. Lord my life is in your hands. Lord I need &gt;&gt; Oh yes to seeing your deeds revealed. [Music] I give myself away. [Applause] [Music] I give myself away. So you can hear me. I give myself away. Yes. Today, every day I give myself away so you can use me. My life is on my own to you. I belong. I give myself [Music] My life is on my own. You belong. to you. I give myself I give myself to you. [Applause] [Music] I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. I give myself away. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Oh, those angelic voices. &gt;&gt; I give myself away. &gt;&gt; Let me hear you. &gt;&gt; So you can hear me. I take my heart take my life as a living sacrifice. &gt;&gt; Think about it. All my dreams, all of my plans, Lord, I place them in. Anybody pray? You're welcome. I give myself away. Hallelujah, Lord. I give myself away. No, you can use my life is not my own. To you I give myself I give myself to you. [Music] My life is not my to you. I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Applause] [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. &gt;&gt; You're worthy of it all. &gt;&gt; Thank you, Lord. [Music] &gt;&gt; You are worthy of it all. Do you really believe that? Friends, listen. &gt;&gt; For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Say that to Jesus. You are worthy of it all. &gt;&gt; Oh, say that to Jesus. Let him know how you feel. You are worthy of it all. Glory. Glory. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. &gt;&gt; One more time, brother Kenny. Sing it again. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's raise our hands. &gt;&gt; You are worthy of it all. Lord, you're worthy. You're worth. Oh, you're worthy, Jesus. You are worthy of it all. Hear your bride singing to you. &gt;&gt; For from you are all such words. And to you, you deserve you deserve. &gt;&gt; You deserve our whole life. You deserve our whole heart. You deserve everything. You're worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. Our obience to you. [Music] You are worthy of it all. Thank you for your word today, Lord. Hallelujah. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. [Music] All the saint and angels they bow before your throne. [Music] All the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and sing. You are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the gloryy. [Music] All the saints and angels they bow before your throne. [Music] All the elders cast oh yes their crowns before the lamb the lamb of God of God. You're worthy of Jesus. Wo and you are all things. You deserve the gloryy. You are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the whole time. Day and night, night and day. Day and night. Night and day. Let in rise. Day and night. Night and day. Let in arise. Day and night. Night and day let in surise. One more time. Day and night. Night and day let in. [Music] You are worthy of it all. &gt;&gt; That's right. So true, Lord. &gt;&gt; You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. [Applause] &gt;&gt; Amen. The church said, &gt;&gt; "What a day. What a time to be in the presence of God." &gt;&gt; Amen. We got a whole afternoon of fellowship planned and going to have dinner out here. And Amen. We're just looking to the Lord. And I think they're going to uh I already told them, "Send somebody, make sure we got plenty of food cuz we got a packed house here today." So we'll get out there that our our dinner today is is uh you know, a tribute to the Demar family. said, "Brother Jason, nobody will eat till your whole family's in line." Amen. Y'all going to be at the front of the line. Amen. And then uh and we're going to try to go quickly and even bring in some more. We got got lots out there, but I can see if most everybody stays, we're going to need some more grub. Amen. Praise the Lord. Brother Benny's going to hang around. Told me for a little while in the afternoon uh before he has to drive two hours back to Columbia and preach tonight. Amen. And so if you want to come shake his hand and and tell him what the service meant to you today, uh that you'll sure have that opportunity to do it. We'll get him back in the back. Let him catch his win. 68. You my elder. No wonder you're El Bethl. We're Bethl cuz you're the elder Bethl. Okay. Okay. I figured that out once he said he was 68 and I'm only 62. Then we're Bethl. But they're L Bethl. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I've been knowing Brother Benny so long. Brother Benny, I tell you what, is the same Benny Perry with a servant's heart that I met probably 35, 38, 40 years ago, maybe long time. Amen. And um and they uh they come rescued Sister Debbie and I broke down on the interstate and didn't even really know us and took us in, fed us, kept us safe, drove us all the way home back to North Carolina, helped me get my broke down vehicle back. Amen. And um we started evangelizing down there when y'all was in the old building remember way back. Oh my goodness. And um that was a that was my first experience uh when I was preaching. I just started out. I probably had been preaching six months. And I had my I was preaching Sunday morning, Sunday evening. I don't know if Brother Benny ever even heard this story, but um I had my Sunday morning notes and my Sunday evening notes ready to go. I'm back there studying. They're singing. I hear them get ready to call for me. I close everything up, grab up my notes, and I go to walk out the door, and I put my hand on the handle, and the Lord said, "You You're not preaching that this morning?" &gt;&gt; I was like, "Whoa, what does that mean? You're preaching that tonight. What am I preaching this morning?" What you were going to preach tonight? You're going to flip it. &gt;&gt; And that's the first moment. I'm glad. I'm glad I learned it young. I learned it within the first six months of my ministry. Just obey God. Don't even question it. Just go for it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And uh I came out and and I preached the Sunday night on Sunday morning. Preached the Sunday morning on the Sunday night and we had a good time. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. I never forgot that. Amen. And I've even had the Lord even make it a little more close than that. I've had him change my whole sermon and make me preach somebody a never even got the notes for. Amen. Amen. Praise God. Turn around, shake hands with somebody. Amen. Give them a good hearty handshake. Say, "God bless you." We're happy to have you all here today. So, um, we're going to let's, uh, let's bow our heads and pray over the food. That way, when we go out, we can just have the food blessed, the fellowship blessed. I'm glad we got our spiritual food first. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's bow our heads. Master, what a grand privilege it's been to be here today. It's been good to be in the house of the Lord. I was glad already when they said, "Let us go to the house of the Lord." And I'm now I'm even double, triple glad, Lord, I came today. I'm so glad. I I feel so enriched by the Holy Spirit and by the preaching of the gospel that my that that dynamic cleansing power of the bleeding word to wash us clean, wash our minds clean, wash our hearts and spirits and soul clean. Lord, you you give us the washing of the water of the word. The Bible says you sent your word and it healed the people. Lord, whether it's physical, whether it's emotional, whether it's spiritual, financial, your word heals, Lord God, if you heal, if you heal at any level, then you heal at every level, Lord. Lord, &gt;&gt; and so I I thank you for that today. Now, may you bless our afternoon, bless the food that's being prepared and set out for the people. Help us, Lord God, and and bless and and especially we're so grateful for the purpose and the occasion of the dinner. and we want your special blessing on us this afternoon in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you friends. You can be dismissed. We'll start uh start up in the fellowship hall in the next little bit. Get outside and shake hands. Amen. Make sure everybody shake brother Jason, sister Amy's hands and the girls and Amen. Amen. God bless you. The weapon may be formed, but it won't prosper. When the darkness falls, it won't prevail. Cuz the God I serve knows only how to triump. My God will never fail. No, my God will never fail. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see the victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. There's power in the mighty name of Jesus. Every woke
