################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-05 - 250305 - Matthew Watkins The Autopsy Of A Dead Revival Part 2 - Matthew Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-05
Title:    250305 - Matthew Watkins: The Autopsy Of A Dead Revival Part 2
Speaker:  Matthew Watkins
Church:   Bethel Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 8m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgKo-hxF2ls
========================================

Description:
Brother Matthew Watkins ministers the Wednesday evening service "The Autopsy Of A Dead Revival Part 2" on March 5th 2025.  We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
So I will lay down my struggles. I will lay down my shame. All the fear I drag [Music] around me. You will find me at [Music] Jesus. You will find me atus. [Music] The arms [Music] of I hear him calling [Music] me there and there alone. my [Music] soul. So I will rest in the shelter of my Savior's embrace, hidden safely in the refuge of his mercy and his grace. And I will sing hallelujah to the one who sets me [Music] free. And you will find me in the arms of Jesus. And at the feet of my savior, at the feet of my king, I will bow down in worship. I will lift my voice and sing hallelu, hallelu to the one who sets me free. [Music] And you will find me at the feet of [Music] Jesus. You will find me at the feet of Jesus. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Let's all stand. How many wants to be found at the feet of Jesus? Hallelujah. Just me? Just me this evening? How many want to be found at the feet of Jesus? Praise the Lord. Let's sing this. Here I am to worship tonight. Light of the world, you step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. Beauty that makes this heart adore you. Hope of a life spent with you. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. King of all days, King of all days. Oh, so highly exalted. Yes Lord, glorious in heaven above. Humbly you came to the earth you [Music] created. All for love's sake became poor. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. Allto together worthy. All together wonderful to me. And I'll never know how much it costs to see my sins upon that cross. I'll never know how much it costs to see my sins upon that cross. Here I am to worship. Oh Jesus, Lord, we worship you in spirit and in truth tonight. Oh, you're my God this evening, Lord. Oh yes, you're all [Music] together. All together worthy. All together wonder all to me. Oh, here I am. Oh, worship him, saints. Here I am. He is the worthy one. Here, so beautiful. [Music] You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, all together, wonderful to me. You are worthy of it [Music] all. You are worthy of it [Music] all. And from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the gloryy. Oh, lift it up tonight. Oh, you are worthy of it all. [Music] You're worthy of it [Music] all. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the gloryy. Sing it again now. You are worthy of it [Music] all. You are worthy of it [Music] all. Oh yes. And to you are all things. You deserve the gloryy. One more time as brother Luther comes. Oh. Oh Lord Jesus. Oh Lord Jesus. [Music] [Music] For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. One more time now. You're worthy of it [Music] all. You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the [Music] [Applause] gloryy. He is good. Good. Keeps us each and every day. I'd like you to remember Melissa. She's not feeling well this evening. Teaching first graders. That's kind of goes along with the territory. Amen. Just she just needs strength and rest. There's no rest for teachers. Amen. If you have a request upon this evening, just make it known in a lifted hand. You're making it known to him. And he sees all things. He knows all things. Let's pray. Father, I love you this evening. Lord, I just want to draw closer somehow. Get myself out of the way. I pray that for the each and everyone here, Father, that you could have preeminence speak to our hearts, strengthen us for the journey that we're on, Lord. Oh, how we long to come home. how we long to just be so separated from the things of this world and this chaos that's going on. We thank you for your Holy Spirit that we can look at things that don't include the things of this world. Father, we can think on things that are pure, that are holy, that are righteous. We can look at the cross where you paid that ultimate price. And we can look where you sent the Holy Spirit back in our day and time to each and every one of us, Father, to give us that that we have needed, that uncction to live this life in victory. Thank you, Father. Pray that you bless the tithes and offerings. Continue to bless the service. Help us, Lord, set aside everything and put you first. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. For from you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the gloryy. Sing it one more time. Oh, you are worthy of it all. You are worthy of it all. [Music] For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the [Music] glory. Sing it with him, saints. Bow before your throne. [Music] All the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and [Music] sing. Oh hallelujah. You're worthy of my Jesus. You're worthy tonight, Lord. For from you are all things, and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. Sing it again, Aaron. Oh yes. Oh, all the saints and angels. They bow before your throne and all the elders cast their crowns before the lamb of God and see. You are worthy of God. You are worthy of [Music] your for you are all things and to you are all things. You deserve the glory. You put your hands together for the king tonight. He's worthy. Hallelujah. Amen. Let's sing that gratitude. Deborah, we have the words for that one. Sister Zoe, all my words fall short. I got nothing new. How could I express all my gratitude? I could sing these songs as I often do. Every song must stay and you never do. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelu. And I know it's not much. I have nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing [Music] [Applause] [Music] hallelujah. I've got one response. I've got just one [Music] move. With my arms stretched wide, I will worship you. So I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Yes, Lord. All that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. And I know it's not much. I'm nothing else fit for a king except for a heart singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Come on my [Music] soul. Oh come on my soul. Don't you get shy of me. Lift up your song cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Come on my soul. Don't you get shy on me. Lift up your song. Cuz you've got a lion inside of those lungs. Get up and praise the Lord. Oh, so I throw up my hands and praise you again and again. Cuz all that I have is a hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] And I know it's not much. I've nothing else fit for a king. [Music] [Music] How many's grateful to be able to hear the message of the hour? How many's happy for that? Glory to God. Amen. You can have your seats. We have a special sister Josie and Sister Deborah going to sing for us. So, let's give them a hand this evening. Praise the Lord. [Music] He taught us to pray. Our Father in heaven, forgive us our debts, deliver us [Music] again, healing the sick, faith stronger than [Music] men. I want to pray like him. He taught us to [Music] speak to the mountains and seek. The storm will [Applause] oy and demons will flee. He spoke into a dead lift again. I want to speak like [Music] him. His way is always right, just like it was back then. I'll follow his example above the ways of men and tomorrow yet again. I want to be like him. [Music] He taught us to live as a light to the world, to seek for the truth, and it shall be revealed. He followed God's will as he wept in the garden. I want to live like him. He taught us to love as he died on a cross to a thief. He gave life. saved a world that was lost while he carried their sins. Father, forgive them. I want to love like him. His way is always right, just like it was back then. I'll follow his example above the ways of men and tomorrow yet again. I want to be like him for his way is always right. Just like it was back then. I'll follow his example above the ways of men. tomorrow yet again. I want to be like [Music] him. I want to be like him. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Sister Josie. Brother Steve's got a special for us, too. I think he owes us about a dozen, him and Emily. So, we're gonna just every service, you know, until the rapture. Let's give him a deep hand. [Applause] Well, the rate we're going, I don't think the rapture that I don't think that's too far away. So, might not be a bad [Music] deal. As I looked at the pathway up the mountain, I have trod weary worn and feet a little sore. Thought by now I'd be much further up the road than where I am. I've cast aside some weight, but must do so much more. There's no time to waste my fleeting precious time. He's setting weight with haze. I will swiftly cast [Music] aside. No time to stay. Oh, I'll keep pressing on. I can hardly wait. I know I'm almost [Music] home. Oft gaze across the valley of decision where I was and thank the Lord he led me from that place. The heights I've gained are greater than were all my yesterdays. But I must press on to see my savior's face. There's no time to waste my fleeting precious time. He's setting weight with haze. I will swiftly cast aside. No time to stay. I'll keep pressing on. I can hardly wait. I know I'm almost [Music] home. When I reach the gates of glory, only then will I take rest. But the first thing I will do when I get home, I'll crawl up to my Jesus and I'll weep down at his feet. My source of joy, the savior of my soul. Oh, there's no time to waste. My fleeting precious time setting wave with haste I will swiftly cast aside. No time to stay or I'll keep pressing on. I can hardly wait. I know I'm almost home. There's no time to waste my fleeting precious time. resetting weight with haste. I will swiftly cast aside. No time to stay or I'll keep pressing on. I can hardly wait. I know I'm almost home. No time to stay. I'll keep pressing on. I can hardly wait. I know I'm almost home. [Music] Praise God. Amen. We're almost to home, saints. Amen. And uh we got a last minute request for But I'm not going to ask you to come up, Sister Amber. There was a last minute request came in for you to sing, but brother Matt's ready to come in. She lucked out. Be ready Sunday, though. Be ready Sunday. All right, let's uh let's all stand. I you know, I I I I can tell you this. I feel like when I heard Steve practicing that song in the back, I kept thinking he had to have heard brother Matt's sermon on Sunday about a fervent worship and a fervent life for Christ because that song, it's got some ferveny. Brother Steve, I love that. I just wanted to remind y'all in case brother Matt doesn't show this quote that he he he brought up um on Sunday and it says, let me get my glasses. Says the fervent desire to please God, the passion to know his word, the cry for reaching out in the spirit all begins to fade. And instead of that church being on fire with the fire of God, it has cooled off and become a bit formal. That is what's happening back there in the Ephesians. And that was from the Ephesian church age. And I had to take a picture of that and I've been reading it every day because I don't want that to happen to me and I don't want that to happen to this church. And each one of us has a part to play to make sure that that doesn't happen. Can you say amen? Let's sing this little song here as we invite brother Matt to come. It's refiner's fire. Purify my heart. Let me be as gold and preious silver purify my heart. Let me be as gold. [Music] [Applause] your gold refiner's found my heart desire is to be [Music] holy set A part for you, Lord. I choose to be holy, set aart for you, my master, ready to do your will. Let's sing that chorus again without the music. Refiner's fire. My heart's one desire is to be holy. set aart for you, Lord. I choose to [Music] be holy, set aart for you, my master, ready to do your will. [Music] My heart's one desire is to be holy, holy, set aart heart for you, Lord. I choose I choose to be holy. Set aart for you, my master, and ready to do your your will. Amen. And you're ready to do his will. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. If you have your Bible, we'll turn to two scriptures. One in Leviticus chapter 6 to have you turn there. And then uh we'll turn to the book of Acts, chapter 2. Amen. Praise the Lord. You love the Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother Ken. That song was just so perfect and fitting for Amen. what the Lord has just burdened us with here for tonight. We didn't uh quite get finished on Sunday. So, uh the Lord just knew uh knew best where to stop us. And so, we just want to pick right up from where we were. Amen. Don't you just love being in church? Amen. Love this Christian way. I love it with all of my heart. Amen. My goodness. I don't know what I would do. Even if you know I just I know that uh that you know what we believe is absolutely the truth but man even if even if this was just a you know just a farce. I'd rather live like this as a believer than what they got out there. Amen. Just in comparison with just the the neurotic age and the pressure that they live under. I'm but I'm so glad to know that it's more than just a story. Amen. It's a living reality down inside of my heart. Amen. Praise the Lord. We just want to um want to go straight to Leviticus chapter 6 and we'll just begin reading here. Let's just begin reading here at verse 12. Amen. Thank you, brother Ken, for giving me some extra time. I asked him for that. We uh devil just fought us today and was running just really behind thankfully uh prepared uh for the service, but um but just uh looking for the Lord to do something. Did you come with an empty cup? Amen. How many came with an empty cup? Say, "Lord, I'm emptying myself of everything yesterday, today, what happened, what's going to happen tomorrow." Amen. That's what it means to empty oursel out. Just to completely come before the Lord neutral and say, "Lord, fill me now." Amen. Fill me now. Leviticus chapter 6, we would we just want to continue. I gave it the title Sunday, the autopsy of a dead revival. What a title. Amen. Now, we're not going to pull out any kind of metal tables and lay any kind of uh, you know, corpses except for except for this corpse. The things that are behind us, as Paul said, forget those things and press on to the new. Amen. Press on to the high calling. Amen. So, um, we just want to continue that thought of the Lord will be our help here tonight. Let's just begin reading Leviticus chapter 6 and verse 12. And the fire upon the altar shall be burning in it. It shall not be put out. And the priest shall burn wood on it every morning, and lay the burnt offering in order upon it. And he shall burn thereon the fat of the peace offering. The fire shall ever be burning upon the altar. Now, it's important that the fire burns, but it's also important where it burns. Notice that the altar was just as important as the fire. It's one thing to have a fire, but if it's misplaced and it's not if if the fire was just a wildfire and it just spread, the same fire that can warm you and create an atmosphere is also the same one that can bring destruction. But fire in its proper place, which is the place of sacrifice, is what the point of the altar is. Listen, an altar, the entire purpose of the altar was not just a, you know, a tradition that was instituted by man and church, but actually goes all the way back to the sacrifice that Abel makes uh uh uh and brother Brandon said that Abel was slain on the same rock as his sacrifice was slain upon. Now, think about that statement just for a moment. Abel was slain upon the same altar. In other words, it was going to be in type that he was going to be identified with that death. Not just the death of a lamb, but he was identifying himself. Now, you can think of Abel, but how about we think of Calvary, Mount Calvary? That's wonderful to see that sacrifice, but you've got to be identified in that sacrifice. You've got to say, Lord, I want to be identified in your death. And if I'm not identified in your death, I'll never be identified in resurrection. How many want to be identified in the resurrection? We first got to be identified here with our fire. And what is the sacrifice? The Bible says, "Present your bodies as a living sacrifice, which is your reasonable service." Look at it. Verse 13. The fire shall ever be burning upon the altar. It shall never go out. Lord Jesus, we just thank you for the reading of your word. asking Lord for your help God how we need it tonight Lord Jesus I pray that you would come and all of these that have gathered here Lord in this building Father they didn't come to see me Lord Father we didn't come just because it's Wednesday and it's what we do Lord out of a habit in our life it's wonderful Lord it's a good habit to have but I pray God that there would be something deeper down on the inside of us Lord God that there would be a yearning and a pulling Father, an earnest cry, a ferveny, Lord, from our hearts to hear from you, Lord Jesus. I pray that you would help me now, God. And may the words that I speak, Lord, in this Wednesday night service, Lord, may I be able to present you in such a way, Lord, that sinners would, Lord, would see their sin and repent. That those that would be bound would be set free, Lord. That those that need to fall deeper in love with you. and I just raise my hands and say, "Yes, Lord. I want to fall deeper in love with you tonight." I pray, God, that you would come and make yourself real by your word. Lord, we depend on you now in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You can be seated. I want to just pick up straight from where we were. And if you could just pull that PowerPoint. I didn't I thought that I sent it. Let me make sure that I did. I'm sorry I did send it. I think I I closed my laptop just a little bit too early. Forgive me. Just give me one second here. Amen. Let me send it to you. I thought that I sent that. So, check the check it. I'm going to send it a second time. Make sure you get it. Amen. Somebody say, "Praise the Lord." want to pick up right from where we were on Sunday and I I just got a little bit pressed out for time and so we just want to just go straight into the vein that we were in on the autopsy of a dead revival. Brother Barnaman says this in the Ephesian church age the one brother Ken was quoting and he says now history keeps repeating itself in the generation of Israel we see revival in one generation only to see the fires fading and in the next in the third generation embers may be glowing slightly but in the fourth there be be there may be no vestage whatsoever of that original flame. And so he says, now notice what he says here. And so there may be no vestage whatsoever of that original flame. Then God lights the fire again and the same process is repeated. I thought this was so amazing how brother Brandham points to these first generation revival and the experience that they had under that first generation. But then you move on out from that to a second to the second generation. And then he says there may be some evidence of that original first work. But then he says then in the third the embers may be glowing slightly. Right? Embers may be glowing slightly but in the fourth there may be no vestage or evidence of that original flame. It's incredible because when you think of a generation, it's 20 to 30 years. And so you think from that, if we just call it 20 years for a generation, that would be 60 years to the third generation. And and brother Brandham says in that after that that many years he says that there eventually he says the fire completely goes out and all that you have left in his words is the blackness of ashes and he starts to point to the the signs and we're we're speaking to you on I titled that for a reason not just to get a big title. I'm not normally, you know, I don't stress over titles, but the Lord just gave me that one just suddenly as I was reading this quote because I thought it was so perfect to show what is what was, if we're looking at a past revival of a dead revival, what was the previous revival? What was the signs if we can say it that way? What let me just make it as as I come just to the center of my heart. What killed the revival? Or we can say, what's a revival killer? Now, we could go all the way back, and I'm not going to do that. The I just wouldn't have time. Time would fail me to do it. But you could look back all the way to what they call the first awakening. That that's the word we use for revival. As we showed you on Sunday, the meaning or Wednesday before that, the meaning of the word revive is to save a corpse or save a body that's or save a person or revive them for that's at risk of becoming a corpse or being completely dead. So you could look at that word revival as the word awakening. You could look all the way back in the 1730s and 1740s of what they call the first awakening. And it's amazing because that first awakening happened. You can think of men like Jonathan Edwards who brother JD has mentioned many times and and if you ever read some of Whitfield or uh or or John Wesley, sorry, or George Whitfield and also uh Jonathan Edwards and you look at the way that that first revival in the late mid700s started. You remember brother John Andy's preached on that when he spoke to us at our at our uh youth event and he talked about a little a little woman and I can't remember her name but um but she she she stood up in the middle of a meeting and I think her words were burning me. Was that her word? Something like that. Burn or or something like that. Burning me Lord. And uh uh that wasn't bend me. That's what it was. Bend me Lord. bend me. That's what she her heart's cry. It was something, Lord, bend me to your will is what she was saying. And if you look historically, they they they point as he was showing us, they point to that cry from that little sister from inside of her heart. She wanted to see the Lord move so bad. She had a hunger and a cry to see the the Lord move in her generation. And she said, "Bend me, oh God." And and from that moment, it starts an entire revival that sweeps through that church. And and we call it a revival fire because it's very much like a fire in that a fire is contagious. It spreads. It doesn't just stay in one spot. And if you look at that, it started that entire revival was based upon a a a hunger for I was looking at it today, a hunger for true repentance. Isn't that amazing? a hunger for true repentance. We took a lot of time on Sunday to show what real repentance really means. It was a a a a a cry for true repentance to really come back to God. It was a and and they they the they the the the revival spread. You can look through it. But over time, what you'll find when you look at that revival is that that original move, though it was authentic, though it was a real move of the Holy Spirit really pouring himself out uh in that in that in that city, yet what was what what once was true and authentic, after a while, if you just keep going from that moment and and and people don't come under that same conviction or that same experience, then it just becomes comes a name only or just an emotion or just a creed. And that eventually that emotion without any depth to true reality just becomes another dead revival. Amazing. I was reading then humble thyself today and I read a quote that I didn't have time to put up here that I I'll just I'll read it for you. I do have it in my notes but I didn't have it uh I wasn't able to get it out before you. I thought it was so amazing. It's staggering really when I when I read it. Brother Brandham says in it's not in humble thyself. It's in remembering the Lord in 1963. And he says, "I wonder, brethren, let's think seriously now. We Pentecostal people, listen to this. I wonder if we receive the Holy Ghost just for entertainment." I'm let that sink in just for a moment. He's talking to the assemblies of God, Pentecostal people. I wonder if we receive the Holy Ghost just for entertainment. Now, I want to make a clear distinction here. Brother Brandham was not criticizing receiving the Holy Ghost for entertainment. In fact, entertainment can become a buzzword or a bad word if you would think in a negative context. But entertainment simply means to entertain the Lord. And I believe that as believers, we ought to be entertaining the Lord. I believe every church service, can I just start off by saying every church service should not be a form. It should not be a tradition. If you've got to be begged to praise God, there's something cold about your revival. Hello, somebody help me preach here tonight. If we've got to be begged and got to be pushed and got to be prodded to say amen to the word of God, I think it's time that we take account as to what we're entertaining. But if we truly are entertaining the Lord, as the Bible even says, some unknown, unknowingly have entertained angels. There's that word entertainment. Have entertained angels unaware. I believe my with all of my heart, my brother, my sister, the Bible says when Abraham got up to sacrifice Isaac, he didn't come dragging out of bed, slept in till 9:00, 10:00. Go read your Bible after God told Abraham to sacrifice his only son who he loved, who was the promise of that the Lord gave him. And go read your Bible and you'll find that the Bible says that Abraham rose early in the morning. Imagine that you're going to sacrifice your the thing that God gave you and you're not sleeping in. You're not got a headache that morning and dragging out of bed like we do sometimes to church on a Sunday morning. Barely able to get there for uh for Sunday school. I'm not even preaching on that. So, don't let me lose you. But I believe, let me just say it this way. I believe it should be the joy of our life to come to the house of God and to worship the Lord. I believe that our Christianity is more than a lifestyle. It's more than what we do on Sunday and what we do on Wednesday. It's who we are. As David said, it's our my portion and my passion is to serve the Lord with all of my heart. Amen. You shouldn't have to be begged. You shouldn't have to be prodded. We shouldn't have to be pushed. It should be bubbling up from the inside of the inside. If it's a true revival and not just a form and not just your tradition, friends, you won't have to be begged into it. You won't have to be prodded into it. You won't have to be the music won't have to be won't matter who's leading songs. Won't matter who's who's on the instruments. Won't matter who's preaching that night. Amen. It'll be something that comes from down on the inside of the inside. You don't have to I I just feel to stop here and preach. You don't have to beg an alcoholic to get drunk. It's what he does. It's who he is. It's what he's found joy in. You don't have to beg that nicotine addict. You don't have to beg that drug addict to take a hit of of his drugs because that's the high he's looking for. What is it? You don't have to beg him, man. That alcoholic will sell everything he's got. He'll bust up his family. He'll lose his home. He'll lose his job. He'll ride around on a moped. He'll lose his driver's license. Come on, somebody help me preach. I'm talking about a carnal alcoholic. And brother says, "Don't pick on that man. Maybe that's all he's got. He's never found the real thing. But what about us who have found the real thing? The pearl of great price. You don't have to beg them. Listen, those clubs, they don't have to go outside and put out signs like we do at church and try to come Sunday and make some kind of great announcement and have a special speaker. Those clubs fill up every Friday night. It's what they do on Friday night. They party. They they, as brother Kevin will tell you, go to do ride alongs with him. He said, "Don't even come out during a ride along till about 1 or 2:00 in the morning." Why? Because that's about the time when they start letting out the clubs. Ain't that true, Brother Kevin? What is it? They've lived their life. That's what they do. They're on It's Friday night and they're there to to serve their God. Well, I got news for the devil. It's Wednesday night and I'm a believer of the true word of God. I'm a believer and this is what we do as Christians. This is our portion. If we if it's cold, just another dead church service, friends, what what where's our expectation? We ought to be burning with passion and zeal and ferveny to serve the Lord. I wonder, brethren, let me let's think seriously. Now, listen how he says this. He says, I wonder if we receive the Holy Ghost just for entertainment. Listen. But there's more than that goes with it. Amen. There's a life got to be lived. I wonder if that's the hindrances in our churches, brothers. I wonder if that's the reason that we're still back here in the wilderness wandering around instead of over in the promised land possessing all things. I wonder if there isn't something we haven't thought seriously enough about. You must think seriously. It's not that I just want to make a clear distinction. And it's not that brother Brandham was against entertaining the Lord. But when that revival, as we pointed out with Jonathan Edwards in the 17, 1800s, and every revival you look past that, past that awakening, you go to the next one, you'll always find it goes back to form. Go on to the second great awakening of Charles Finny and Francis Asbury, Peter Cartrite, who we preached on here before. And in the 1790s, 1830s, you always find a true move of God. Only eventually those fires begin to fade and it becomes form and it becomes tradition and it just becomes sacrimonial and religiosity. And let me just say God can't stand religion. He can't stand religiosity or traditions. I'll give you the but God can't stand a dead gospel, a dead a dead religion without life. That's why brother Brandon would make a statement like I'd rather have a little wildfire than no fire at all. It's not that we support wildfire, but but but I'd rather have some fire than no fire at all because God can't stand dead things. Even his prophets weren't allowed to touch dead things. Yes. So, so it always goes back to this. It always goes back to this. And eventually that fragmentation comes and those revival fires are not reit on the next generation. And then you see it go over as he says second generation, third generation. And then he says in the fourth there may be no vestage of that original pull it back up if you could that original flame. I was hearing a man that was so powerful, so incredible. I just thought it was a such an amazing point he made. And he wasn't a he he was just a a a a he's back maybe lived this man's passed away now. lived a quite a quite a number of years ago. And he spoke about how that he was he was teaching and a man and he was teaching on on on on what a true Christian is and the necessity for a true uh transformation. Not just a a a a uh you know just a a conforming but a true transforming, not just a reforming. And a man stood up in his meeting and said, "Hey," he said, "I'll" and he was preaching. It was a he was a missionary. And he said, "I you ask anybody in here." He says, "You ask anybody in here and all these people." And he says, and this man was an atheist. Spoke up and said he was an atheist. And he said, he said, "You ask any of these people in this room and they'll tell you where do they come when they need something? Who do they come to? Who gives them when they don't have any?" And he says, 'Who does more for them when they're in need? Who do they come after? And he says, 'They'll tell you. He says, I'm not bragging, not trying to brag on myself, but he says, you ask any of these Christians in this room, who lives a good life, who lives a moral life, who gives to the poor, feeds the hungry? And he was pointing to all the things that he does in the goodness of his heart. And he said, in other words, he was trying to use that same old argument that I can be just as good without God, right? and I don't need your religion and I don't need your God uh your gospel because I'm better than anybody in this room and I don't even believe in God. And he thought he had him. That preacher said something that man said something so profound and he and the man the preacher said he said the Lord just I said Lord I need a word I need a a a word of wisdom from you. I need a g a word of knowledge. And he said the Lord spoke to his heart and and like he was you know that he didn't have an answer to him and he said he said no sir. He said, "You're an atheist." He said, "Yes, sir." He said, "I bet you your grandpa wasn't." And he said, "How'd you know that?" And he said, "I bet you your grandpa was a man of God. Is that right?" He said, "Yes, sir, that is right. My grandpa was a preacher." And he began to show this. And he showed see there you're living off of the revival because that generation that blessing as God said I in gener to the second and third generation wasn't just a curse that I'll bring but I'll also bring a blessing that will pass down to the second and the third generation. And he said, "You're that goodness that you have is because of someone before you, a grandpa before you swed something in your life, and you're living off the benefits of that man's testimony." And he said, "And I want to tell you something, sir." He said, "Your children won't be like you." Because that was the end of that generation. And and it was so powerful when I thought about that because here we hear brother Brandon preaching this and he says, "History keeps repeating. You see revival. Now, I just want you to pause and think of that here just for a moment, friends. If that blessing of that revival can go three or four generations, where are we at? Where are we at? Hello. Just forgive me just as I find my find my note here. I thought it was so I think it's so amazing when you think about this. As brother Brandham says, thank you Lord. As brother Brandham says this here and he says in the fourth then God he says notice this then and God lights the fire again and the same process is repeated. The same process. Notice what he shows. And this is what I why I got this title the the the the autopsy of a dead revival. What are some of the signs? What was some of the revival killers? What was the evidences of that that third and fourth generation had waned out? You remember in the book of Judges how that even God brings a curse upon them because they didn't drive out all the Jebusites and the parizzites and the Hittites. And go read Judges chapter 1 and the Bible says that ca that that the only ones who got victory was Caleb, right? and and the rest of them, but Manasseh and Benjamin and and Ephraim, the Bible would say it this way, did not drive out the Jebusites that inhabited Jerusalem. Anybody here remember that or do I need to read it? And it and it it shows how that they would get victory up to a certain point and then they would fall short of total victory. And it says then it would say, "And the Canaanites dwell in Jerusalem until this day," meaning the day that it was written there. And and then the Bible says, "Now God comes to them. An angel of the Lord comes up from Gilgot of Bokeman and says, "I made you to go out of Egypt. I told you make no league with the inhabitants of this land, but you have not obeyed my voice." And he says, "Why have you done this? Nevertheless, I said, I will not drive them out from before you, but they shall becomes as thorns in your sides and pricks in your eyes, and shall vex you in the land wherein you dwell." And the Bible says that all of Israel lifted up their voice and they wept. But what's so amazing about that historical, if you read it in Judges 2, I'm just paraphrasing it for you here tonight to save time, is the Bible says, "So Joshua, the son of Nun, died. They buried him in the border of his inheritance." And it says, "And also all that generation that outlived Joshua were buried with him." And in other words, that curse that God pronounced upon them because they didn't have total victory never affected the generation who heard those words. But actually that entire generation dies, goes to their inheritance. And then the Bible says this. And then there arose another generation after them who knew not the Lord, nor yet the works which he had done for Egypt, had done for for Israel as he brought them out of Egypt. The Bible says there arose another generation who knew not the Lord. And it says they they they they they provoked the Lord to anger and serving other gods and Baal and Ash. And it's so incredible because it's like that great revival that came out of Egypt. And here they come and they cross Jordan and then they're going to go into the promised land. And here's here's the crescendo. Here's the here's every reason of why God even brought him out in the first place. He never brought him out in the wilderness to wander. He never brought them out into Canaan just to come up short. But yet they they come up short. And here's the great, you know, the great potential. And what do you have? You have a little bit of victory here. And yeah, Manasseh, he he the Bible says he drove them out in the mountain, but he could never drive them out of the valley, right? Because of iron chariots. I think it was Manasseh. And it gives reasons after each and every single one. They got victory here, but in this place and this place and this place and this place and this place, they never got victory. Amen. And because they allowed those gods to stay around them and rather than purge them out. Now those young people of that next generation, they never they never come under the same experience of the first revival and they rose up to not know the Lord at all. Nevertheless, Judges chapter 2, God raised them up judges. This is what brother Brandham is talking about when he says that he says that second gen generation uh uh I'm sorry here that second generation coming on was just like Israel that demanded the king to be like the other nations when they did that they rejected God but they did it anyway that is the history of the church and I stopped just to show you that in Patmas vision brother Brandham says that the Old Testament had seven church ages also in shadow of the gentile seven ages and how that that same process in judges would just repeat over and over. A judge would come, they'd serve the Lord. Judge would die, he would be buried, the revival would die, they'd go back to sin. Amen. I preached on it at brother Joe how shells for his meetings and how that it it always starts with sin and then sin always leads to slavery and then after they're enslaved to their sin, then they want to be set free, right? And so they cry out for a deliverance and they come to a level of repentance and God sends a judge. He delivers them. They set free and then that judge dies and then they go back to sin and they go back to slavery. Then they go back to crying out for deliverance. But each time it gets worse. As Jesus says, when an unclean spirit goes out of a man, it goes into dry places seeking rest. And when it cometh back, it find none. It comes back. It finds the house clean and swept. Right? So it's empty, but it's clean, but it's not filled. Amen. Do you know one of the most dangerous places you can ever get to is clean and empty. Amen. You would have been better off, Jesus said, you'd have been better off to never have heard. Hello. Yeah. So, one of the most dangerous places you can get to is that stage of justification, sanctification, and you stay there your entire life. And that varying degrees, as our my dad always uh preaches, varying degrees of sanctification. You stay in that spot. Spiritual amnesia after a while sets in because you've never really made a decision to really sell out. It's amazing. We have people in our churches in in in in this late is what I should say not in our church but in this late of a day people still living in that varying degree and then after a while they forget that they were purged from their sins and spiritual amnesia comes in and they're a believer they love the Lord you don't question that at all but really where is that where is that depth of that experience of that original flame and they never come to that true seal, which is what we're preaching on here tonight, that the the a revival killer. What kills a revival is that that genuine first experience, can I just let a prophet read it? Can we just read it? You you okay for me to read tonight? And he says that fervent desire to please God, the passion to know his word, the cry for reaching in the spirit begins to fade. The church has become formal. Quote off became formal. second generation. That's the history of the church. Long isn't long until you see them stop doing things they used to do. This is when death starts to set in and start doing things they wouldn't do initially. They change their manner of dress, their attitudes and their behavior. They get laxed. That's what Ephesus means. Relax drifting. That cycle of revival and death has never failed. Never. And so eventually they never press on. Can we go a little bit further here tonight? Listen to what brother Brandham says here. I want to just want to come back to where we were. Let me just get there. Nevertheless, the spirit of Rob and I, this is what we we covered on Sunday. I just want to make sure we get to the right place. I know it may seem like I'm jumping back and forth. That's because I am. But that's all right. This is how the Lord has me in this gear tonight. Uh this is what we read about uh when we talked about the preserves. You remember that? Now, I just heard a message Sunday. I I I I wanted to come back to this because the Lord just reminded me of it and I and I missed one of the most important parts of the point I was trying to make because you'll always find and I just feel led to to just to say this again though it's just repeating but I feel just the Holy Spirit stopping me right here. You'll always find that that's what brother Brandham I know preached on this here before, but that's what he was always contending against standing in the middle of is is the the he would say Armenius over here and then Calvinist over here and and brother Brandham says that whi which which one are you? And are you a Calvinist or Armenius? And brother Brandham says I'm both. I'm an Armenianist as long as he's in the Bible. I'm a Calvinist as long as he's in the Bible. Right. But the true word of God, the true bride of God goes down the middle of the road. And so he was he was he would preach against that that Pentecostal uh uh assemblies of God. Though they had the working of the manifestation of the spirit, though they had the blessings of God falling down in their meetings, yet he would come to this place where we just read out of remembering the Lord and he would say, "Are is that what we've got?" And I'm afraid sometimes, brethren, we just want the Holy Ghost for entertainment, but there's more to it than that. There's a life that's got to be lived behind that. It isn't that he was against the Holy Ghost blessings. But he came to show them there's something more than just shouting. Even brother Brandham in that message just a couple paragraphs later, he says, "Listen, I'm all for dancing. I'm all for shouting, but shouting isn't what you do when you come into the presence of God. All right. Did you say that right, brother Matt? I'm just quoting you what a prophet said. Shouting is not what you do when you come into the presence of God. And he says shouting is just the blessings falling. It's not that brother Brandon was against shouting. It's not that brother Brandon was against emotion. Anything without emotion is dead and ought to be buried. But there's got to be something further than just emotion. The prophet of God says when they came into the presence of God, they that the Isaiah would say you, Lord, I'm unclean. I'm undone. I'm unworthy. Lord, when they came into the true presence of God, it was that token light to where they wanted to be identified with their sacrifice. Listen, friends, as I said here before, and I'm just going to say it again, we we so many times we want to point back to some experience. And experiences are wonderful, but if we're going to point back to anything when we say the day that I met the Lord, I don't want to just point back to a time I got happy or a time I shouted or a time I felt goosebumps. That's wonderful. I want that more and more. And I love all of that, but I want to be able to point back to a moment to where I repented of my sins and God changed me from who I was to who I am today. That's the evidence of the true baptism of the Holy Ghost. Hello. Amen. And so, so listen, he was always he was never against shouting. Wasn't saying that shouting, well, we're in the presence of God, you better not shout. That's not what he was saying. Some would twist that up. He was simply trying to get a group of people who loved shouting, were emotional, love the pray, love the spirit of God moving, but they didn't want to bring their lives subject to the word that was spoken. Amen. Listen, he says here, I and I and I just reminded of this so much and the Lord brought this back to my memory because I I missed I clipped this quote on accident. I was trying to paste it and I realized I pasted over what what the point I was really trying to make. I just heard a message Sunday night from a brother to how we must confess our faults one to another and pray for one another we might be healed. quotes James 14 that we must confess our faults to one another before we even come for healing. Confess our faults one to another and pray one for another. See, that's just exactly what he was talking about tonight. Listen, he says this. Brings back the biatitudes. Brings back the biatitudes. Now, we we we've preached on it here before. You have all of the nature of Christ, all of the works of Christ. Listen, when you have the opening of the word, you have the opening of Christ. And if Christ has been opened, then all of himself is available to the church of the living God. Not just one part of it, but all of it. He says it brings back the biatitudes in with Mark 16. Blend that together. You got it. Then healings take place. Isn't that amazing? He says, "Blend that together, the biatitudes and Mark 16." What's he blending together? Not just the gifts of the lamb, but the nature of the lamb. Amen. And when you have the life, then you have power with character that's fit to rule. But the prophet says power without character is satanic, right? We don't we don't have much time, but I want to make sure I get to some of these. So, look at Jesus. Nothing but one bundle love. Let's go back to this word evidence because we we talked about this Sunday and we asked some of these questions here and I just expressed them in a thought and and just as the Lord was dealing with me throughout the week. What is the Holy Ghost? I'm going to go through them. What is it? What does it mean to be born again? Is receiving the Holy Ghost and being born again the same thing or are they two separate things? I'll just answer that question. They are, as the prophet says, the same thing. You you you find things Brother Brandham says previous to that. Yet in the brother Brandham says our triumphal capstone. He preaches this in the church ages. And he says what is the what is the new birth? It is to be born again and you not you're not converted. We read it Sunday. How many remember that you're not converted until you're born again? Are we born again different? Now we we come to this question. What is the evidence of the Holy Ghost? Listen to what brother Brandham says here in questions and answers. This is so here's our word evidence, an outward sign, something that furnishes proof, testimony. Dear brother Brandham, I've been baptized in Jesus name. The word says you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Does this mean the baptism, the Holy Spirit, or does it mean I should receive the gift? Definite. I should receive a definite experience with the baptism. I am anxious to be filled. Oh, if we could ever get people back to the spot this little person was. I am anxious to be filled. Hey, listen friends. I believe I'm born again and filled with the baptism of the Holy Ghost, but I'm here tonight to say I am anxious to be filled with all of the fullness of God. There's one filling, but there's many refillings. I'm anxious to be filled with the Holy with filled with the spirit. Please excuse the long note as I've been wanting to ask you this question for a long time now. The baptism, listen to this. I got to read it from my screen here because I have notes that go along with this and I want to make sure that I don't I don't miss them. And he says here, "Now the baptism with the Holy Spirit is," somebody say is. A definite say definite. I want to establish this clear. It is a definite experience. Amen. that a person must receive. The trouble goes to when we try to make everyone have a certain experience. Now, let me kind of clear that up just for a minute. Thank you, brother Brandham. See, how many people have the idea? I believe it's twisted. I do too, sometimes. And maybe right here in the church and the church that's listening, there might be a question when I speak of not believing the initial the initial evidence of the Holy Ghost is speaking with tongues. I do not accept that. I believe with God's help, I can prove it in the Bible that that's wrong because the speaking in tonesues is a gift of the Holy Ghost. Notice here, he never denied the gift of tongues. Can I get a hearty amen? He never said that it was no longer needed. Can I get a hearty amen? But in fact, he clearly stated or starts by saying the baptism of the Holy Ghost is a definite experience that a person must receive. How many knows that divine healing? He says, "How many knows that divine healing is a gift of the Holy Ghost?" Listen to this. I want to find my place here. Accept that. I believe. Thank you. Divine healing is a gift of the Holy Ghost. How many believe that? And here Beatles are doing it. Amen. Beatles. The Beatles. And here Beatles are doing it. Satan. I love this. I'm so glad for a word prophet. Satan can impersonate any of those gifts. Witches, wizards can speak in tongues and interpret. The jungles. Many times a wizard will speak in tongues, drink blood out of a human skull, and interpret unknown tongues. Again, let me just say this. He is not preaching that we don't need divine healing any longer, nor any other gift of the spirit. He is simply untwisting the idea that those things are an evidence of the sealing of the Holy Ghost when they are not. They are an evidence of the Holy Ghost. But they are not the evidence of the Holy Ghost. Just because you're healed doesn't mean that you're born again. As I heard just just a a brother, I think it was brother Ron Spencer saying that recently, one of the most I think it was one of the most miraculous healings he's ever witnessed take place was in a woman who didn't even I don't think I think she was a Christian, definitely not a believer, but didn't really serve the Lord. Right? And so notice this here. I'm just going to skip some of this because it's so long. I have could take you right within three or four hours from now where a medium will lay a pencil on a table, go into a trance, all kinds of things and wave their hands and that pencil will raise up and write in unknown tongues and the wizard will stand and tell you what it says. Now that's no evidence of the Holy Ghost. You can't rely upon that. I want to and I know it's going to become just just uh I'm berating the same point. I'm going to say it again. Once again, he is not saying the Holy Ghost does not speak in tongues or interpret unknown tongues. He's saying it's not an evidence that the individual operating the gift is sealed with the Holy Ghost. Amen. Well, then what can we rely on, brother Brandon? If we can't rely on an outward manifestation of the gift, what are we to rely on it? Well, maybe look, maybe the fruits of the spirit, maybe the biatitudes. You can't rely upon the fruit of the spirit because the fruit of the spirit is love. And the Christian science exercise, I love this, more love than anybody I know of. and they deny Jesus Christ being divine. Amen. There's only one evidence of the Holy Spirit that I know of and that is genuine faith in the promised word of the hour. Can I say something that is so simple but yet so profound? Just the fact that you have genuine faith in the promised word of the hour is a significant miracle that God has done in your life. Don't ever let if you now say, "Lord, what have you ever done for me? What have you ever done in your life? What has God ever done for you? What manifestation have you ever had?" You call yourself a Christian. Here's one thing. You ought to beat the devil from one side and down the other and say, "Satan, I believe the word, the genuine word of God, the promised word of this hour. I'm a believer, Satan, and I may never have any manifestation of some gift, but the greatest evidence that I'm truly born of the spirit of God is that I can believe a message, that I can believe a vindicated prophet, and the word that came in this hour, that's a miracle in and of itself. Oh, you ought to say amen. Here's the evidence of genuine faith. Now, what is genuine faith? True revelation and the promised word of the hour. What is Okay, here's the evidence. Notice this. Of the Holy Ghost, genuine faith, revelation in Christ for your day. The message of this hour. Amen. Amen. Listen what brother Brandham says. Those Jews come, they had more religion than the disciples. They were better trained men in scriptures than the disciples was because they were fishermen, tax collectors, so forth. They had real faith and genuine faith and what they were doing. Now listen closely. Don't miss this. When it come to being fruits of the spirit, kind, gentle. I guess there wasn't one of those priests. But what could outshine Jesus Christ? Amen. You call him kind and gentle. He was meek and lowly. But after his tri, what was his triumphal entry when he rides into Jerusalem on a donkey? The first order of business as he goes into the temple with a red raging fire in his eyes. The zeal of thine house has eaten me up. And he overturned the money tables. Took a whip and beat them out. But listen friends, this was God cleaning house. I believe that sometimes we ought to. I'm not talking about this church, but I'm saying this house right here. Sometimes we need that kind of zeal of the Lord to say, "Lord, turn over all the tables." If you've got to crack a whip on me, God, purge it all out of me, Jesus. Amen. And so, Brother Brandham says, "Those kind old priests had more were kinder, more gentle than even Jesus." Uh, he went into the temple, plated ropes, looked upon them with anger, turned over their tables, run them out of the place. Is that right? The Bible said he looked upon them with anger. The Bible said that's exactly right. See, those priests were gentle, meek, understanding men. Amen. When it come to the fruit of the spirit, they could show more fruits of the spirit than Jesus ever could. Is brother Brandham doing away with kind, meek, gentle He's not throwing no more. Can I just say no more than he is not throwing the gifts out of the church. He's also not throwing the fruits of the spirit out of the church. Gentleness, meekness, loving, brotherly kindness. That all has to be part of it. He is only pointing that they can't be used as the evidence. But just as the Holy Ghost will cause us to speak in tonesues and interpret and prophesy and that's listen I know we say tongues all the time. Listen friends do you know Paul said that is the least of the gifts. I I'm guilty of it. I'll be the first just to say that that's the first thing we go to. But there's more spiritual gifts. Nine spiritual gifts to the church. More than just one. The gift of wisdom, the gift of faith, the gift of miracles. They said there isn't just one. And I just want to say that was the problem with the assemblies of God. They camp down on one gift and they missed the giver of the gift. So So he's just as the Holy Ghost will cause to to to manifest in gifts, it will also produce the fruits of the spirit when it come because they failed. Listen to what brother Brandham says here. When it comes to theology, they didn't have a schol have a school that he come out of. Whence cometh this man. Where did he come from? What fellowship? Forgive me while I just I'm trying to find a note that I wrote down. Yes, I got it. Thank you, Lord. Amen. When it come to school, he come out of whence cometh this man. Where did he come from? What fellowship card does he have? What organization does he belong to? We don't know where he come from. He was just absolutely an outcast guy that was born an illegitimate birth. Why? We could down him here in a few minutes and show you by the laws. They had a right to do what they did when it come to that. Why? Because listen to this. They failed to see that he was the promised that promised word of the hour. Amen. The only way they recognized it when Jesus performed the word by being able to tell them what they had in their hearts, what they had been doing. He was a prophet according to the word of God. What he said come to pass. Every word, word by word. Listen to this. He, somebody say Jesus. He was God's prophet. Can we say amen to that? His servant, God. Listen, God's servant. God the prophet. It was before there before the prophet of God. And this is the God. The prophet, not the prophet of God. All right. That was Malachi, Jeremiah, Isaiah, Elijah, but this was God the prophet, not the prophet of God. You get it now? All the prophets that portrayed his life in portions played their part. But in him was the fullness of all the prophets. The prophets, the word of the Lord came to them, the prophets. But this was the word and the prophet, the same person. Now, when a man receives Christ in that manner, listen to this. When a man receives, we're talking about receiving the Holy Ghost here. Amen. When a man receives Christ in that manner that he is in. Aha. So, not just receiving Christ. Listen friends, I don't want you just to don't let this just become background music, especially young people. Listen close. When a man receives Christ in the manner that he is in, in other words, Christ revealed in your generation, not historically, but the word being revealed in your day. You can. And some of them say, "Well, I'm a Lutheran." Well, there's nothing against that, but the eagles don't feed on that. Amen. That was as far as it was. That was fresh food of that day. I'm a Wesleyan. That's all right. But you're living in the past. Those people said, "Why, we have Abraham." Let me find it here to to make sure I have it on my screen. We have Abraham, what our father, the prophet said. God's able to these stones to raise children of Abraham. See, we belong to this. We belong to that. that had nothing. He said, "You generation of snakes, who's warned you to flee from the wrath? Don't begin to say we have Abraham to our father cuz God's able of these stones to raise children to Abraham." So being a well-trained theologian had nothing to do with it. Being meek and gentle had nothing to do with it. What made him different? He was the word made flesh. Not the word for the day of Moses. Moses was that day. Not the word for the day of Noah. Noah was the word for his day. The word for the day of Elijah. Elijah was the word for that day. But he, somebody say this, was the present tense word and they were living in the back. And listen friends, you say, "Brother Matt, what are you preaching?" I'm preaching this. The same thing repeats. That's the evidence of the Holy Ghost when God reveals to you and you see it. Yeah. Thus sayaith the Lord and accept it not argue with it. Not debate it. Not question it. H well that part. Yes. That part not so sure. That part I believe thus say. I'm not so sure that applies over here. Listen friends. When you're really born of the spirit of God, you say I may not understand it. I may not be able to to explain it, but with all of my heart, brother, I believe every bit of it. Because why? I'm a believer. Amen. Not what you are, what you was, nothing about it. It's what God has done for you. There's the evidence. Jesus said he give us the evidence of the Holy Ghost. John 14, I have many things to tell you. I haven't got time to do it. But when the Holy Ghost comes, he will tell you, bring to your memory things that I told you about and will also show you things to come. Don't you see? There's the evidence. That's forthtelling. Having the divine interpretation of the written word. Amen. Isn't that the evidence of a prophet? A seer in the Bible is a man of God could tell forth and it be perfectly exactly, not somebody laid hands on him. That's a gift of a prophet. Listen friends, a prophet is predestinated, born to prophet. Yes. Amen. And his whole life he was a prophet. That's an office. Many of the questions on here as brother Adams point to the questions. When will the bride uh well will the bride be this? Will this? The church. And you can't divide what they are. The bride is the elected of God. The church goes through the tribulation. The bride doesn't. Amen. The bride is the elected of God. I I didn't have that, but I have it here. The Holy Spirit when it comes is a witness unto you that this word is right. Can you say amen, church? The word for today, not the word for Luther, the word, not for Moses. We witness it's the truth, but it's another day. What if Jesus would come and say, "Now, as Moses come talking to you out of Egypt, I've come taking you somewhere else." What? And this is brother Brandham saying this. What if Jesus would have preached Moses's message? He'd not qualified to he would he he have not qualified the Messiah. There you are. It's qualification. There you are. Yes, sir. First Corinthians 13. When that which is perfect is come, that which is in part shall be done away with. Listen to this. So all these little things of jumping up and down like a kid trying to talk in tongues and all these other things when that which is perfect and we do somebody say we do have today by God's help the perfect interpretation of the word with divine vindication then that which is in part is done away with when I was a child I spoke as a child understood as a child when become a man I put away childish things amen I go to preaching and then then don't get to these things Brother Brandham said, "Amen." Again, it's important, let me just bring this to a close, to rightly divide the word. Brother Brandham wasn't saying that we don't shout, that we don't jump, that we don't speak in tongues. It's not what he was preaching. Because if you try to preach that or teach that, you will find yourself log jammed later after this 1964 questions and answers. Yeah. when brother Brandham even on the we preached on Sunday even in leadership one of the last messages he preaches he's speaking about the manifestation of the gifts of the spirit amen so he's not saying that we're to do away with any of the gifts any of the manifestation he is saying it's not the qualification he shows that Jesus couldn't come preaching Moses' message or Noah's message he's showing that that Pentecostal Assemblies of God church using tongues as the evidence had been done away with. In other words, we've moved on past it. That which is perfect. What is perfect? Christ. Amen. And he says that Christ, the message of the hours, the divine vindication. Tongues have not been done away with. That's not what he's saying. This is just a rebuke to those who had used this evidence or these gifts as an evidence of the Holy Ghost. But they rejected Christ when he came in person. Amen. Because it was those same tongue talking, fire breathing, foot stomping, shouting, screaming life church in Shreveport, Louisiana. It was the same groups and uh uh that that that that fellowship with a lot of those Pentecostal churches that believed in all of those gifts, but denied the ministry of the son of man in brother Brandham's ministry and closed the doors to him. I just want to say I believe in talking in tongues. I believe in gifts. I believe in manifestations. I believe in the fruits of the spirit. But I just want to say I also believe that God has sent a message in this hour and I accept it with all of my heart. I believe it with all of my if anybody wants to identify themsel today. I'm identified with him. I'm identified with a message. I'm identified with what God did in this generation. Amen. Amen. Later. Later. I'm just going to close. I'm at 58 minutes. I've been keeping a timer. 58 25. Thank you. Later in that same sermon, if you want to say that he was doing away with gifts in that same sermon, Brother Brandham says, "Now, I believe in speaking in tongues." Here's just a little later. I believe in interpretation but it must be something directly to the church not the Lord's coming soon or which is all right but don't use vain repetitions Jesus said as heathens do now in here the these gifts got to be watched brother Brandham didn't come to do away with the gifts he came to put them in order have to watch it Satan can impersonate any gift look at the Beatles going not impersonate divine healing filthy dirty rotten born of hell he didn't say the gifts have to be put on a mantel or that that the gifts are have been done away with because now we have the perfect word. Brother Brandham never taught that. And even later in the tape, when a person asks when when a when and when asked if a person could be filled with the Holy Ghost and not have signs following here's brother Brandham's answer. If you're born a normal human being, you will actually do the things that a normal human being will do. I love simple simple. If you're born a human, you'll do what humans do. So, brother, if you're born a Christian, you'll do what they did in the book of Acts. It won't be any different. The same Holy Ghost they got is the same Holy Ghost here tonight. It'll produce the same people. You have to watch these things. I love this because a Christian I don't think I have this and that's all right. Yeah. And he says you have to watch this because a Christian takes up the habits of a Christian and they live like a Christian. These signs shall follow them that believe in my name. This is what the word of God says. They shall cast out devils. They shall take up serpents, drink deadly things. They shall You think we're just going around taking up serpents? That ain't what we do. We're not here to be a bunch of snake handlers. But brother, let me just say, if you get bit by a snake, there's a power inside of you. There's a blood inside of you that's richer than any venom of some snake or animal. And at the time of need, God can perform a miracle in your life. Doesn't matter what it is. There's power in this Holy Ghost. And he says they'll live. They'll speak with new tongues. And them, listen to this, signs, wonders, gifts, manifestations. Brother Brandham says they'll speak with new tongues. Them things just actually follows Christians. Amen. And when you're filled with the Holy Spirit, I wish so bad I would have had this and I didn't get it. I could say this one thing right here could just be the bow tie of everything I've said. When you're filled with the spirit, here's one of the best signs I know. You're so in love with Christ and believe every word that he says to be true. That's the evidence that you have the Holy Spirit. Your life's full of joy. And oh my, everything's different than what it used to be. That's the Holy Spirit. This is questions and answers. Same place. These gifts are in the Holy Spirit. If this congregation this morning just a nice snug church full, the overflow rooms course filled up, but in just notice if every person in here was in perfect harmony with the Holy Ghost. Amen. Every one of you was filled with the Holy Ghost and in harmony with the Holy Ghost, these signs would be just multiplying among you all the time. It be just constantly going. How many want constantly? Amen. But where there's confusion, where there's difference and where we set up, we set up different. I differ. I differ from that. no harmony. The Holy Spirit can't move itself. It can't operate through the people. I I tell you what, friends, I'll just say this right here. If if somebody wants to believe that brother Brandham came to do away with the gifts, then why is he talking about in the same sermon of those gifts constantly going, moving among you? Brother Brandham says, I I'll show you where God put them in. You show me where he took them out. But just as much as we don't believe that, I know that none of us believe that. We've we've got to come. Listen to what brother Adam says here. And I got I'm going to close on this. Don't try to have any sensation or anything to take the place of the Holy Spirit. When the new birth has come, you are changed. You don't have to do anything to prove it. Your life proves it as you walk. your love, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, meekness, patience. That's what you are. And the whole world, I want to say, Lord, let the whole world see the reflection of Jesus Christ in you. Speaking in tongues, he says, and all these shouting, that's just attributes that follow. Then, Lord, let me have those attributes. That's just the how many want that? Let me have those attributes. Desire. You say, "Brother Matt, are you telling us?" I'm telling you what the Apostle Paul says, desire spiritual gifts. That's the words of the Apostle Paul. That's just the attributes that follow this kind of life. And you can take an imperson any of those attributes and never have that life. How many know that's true? I could keep going and we're going to run out of time. You say, "Brother Matt, what do you believe this restoration is?" I'm going to read it to you as I wrote it. Musicians come Let's all stand. Listen to what brother Adam says here. And what is the Holy Ghost given for? just waited just for a moment to make sure we have and the minority to start with on the side of the alley out there with an old guitar. Think about that. No big church, no fancy choir, no grand pianos, no not even a building to gather in. just a little minority on the side of an alley with an old guitar and women couldn't even afford a pair of stockings laying out there on the railroad tracks picking up corn and mashing it, making bread for their kids. But what's it come to? He's talking about that Isuza revival. How it started and then how it dies and what's it come to? It was the most powerful standing church in the world today. Not in the eyes of men, not in the eyes of of the world, but in the eyes of God because he proves it by what he's doing for them. He's pouring himself into them. Pouring himself into them. And it was a Lutheran church that made the Wesleyan church. It was the Wesleyan church that made Pentecost. But Pentecost, what is it? It's a restoration of the same kind of grain that went into the ground at the beginning. Bringing back. Somebody say all. Bringing back all the fullness of the power of Pentecost by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. By the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Oh, the fullness of Pentecost. You say, "What do you believe it is, brother Matt?" I believe it's all of it. If we lack any part of it, if we failed to have the ferveny, the passion, the cry for reaching out in the spirit, we miss it, friends. And I just want to say, Lord, I don't want to miss it. I don't want to miss what you're doing because I believe God is doing something in this generation right now. And listen friend, let me just say we could whether we are ready or not, the Lord Jesus is coming. Whether whether whether whether you want him to, whether your life has been lived out, there's nothing that we can do to stop it. I just want to say, Lord, let me be ready. What is this restoration, brother Matt? It's all of the commands. Which command should the Holy Ghost produce in my life? Which one of the commands of Jesus? All of them. all of them. It's all of the commands of the gospels. It's what the Holy Ghost is. It's the biatitudes of Matthew 5. It's the seven pillars of wisdom of James chapter 3. It's the whole armor of God of Ephesians 6. It's all of the fruits of the spirit of Galatians 5. It's the virtues that second Peter 1 talks about. It's the gifts of the spirit that 1 Corinthians 12 talks about. It's also the ministering gifts of prophets, apostles, pastors, evangelist. Amen. It's all of the gifts of Ephesians 4. What is it, brother Matt? It's the book of Acts, church and a continuation. He him Christ himself revealed in a many membered body. Lord, reveal yourself in this body. reveal yourself in me, Lord. If you can do anything, I just want to raise my hands, close my eyes, Lord, as I end this service tonight, say, "Lord, if there would be any of these signs of a revival that's dying, any of these signs of a spirit, Lord, maybe I've let it grow cold. Maybe I've let that fire grow cold, Lord. Maybe I've let that Lord that that fresh anointing, that fresh do, that fresh feeling, Lord, I can go back to the time when I first met you, Lord, and changed my whole life. I think of how the Lord of of uh just all of us, Lord, no doubt could go back as brother Brandham tells about that Ephesian age. They had lost the wonder of their message. They had lost somehow. Somehow it just became a tradition. What did they need? Your prophet said they needed to go back remember the Lord. Go back in memory. Go back to those first days. Go back to those first steps. Oh friends, we ought to do it tonight. We ought to go back down memory lane and say, "Lord, I take me back to my to the new again. Take me back to that place when I first knew you, Lord Jesus. Let that passion and that seal and that ferveny that once burned bright, let it burn in me again, Lord God. Let it burn from the head to the toes, Lord [Music] Jesus. Let others see it, God. Let it be a reflection of the work you've done in my life, Lord. May I reflect you in all that I do, all that I say, all that I believe, Lord, my daily actions. Lord, let it be a reflection that Jesus is alive, that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. That's where it all starts, Lord. There'd be a cold heart here tonight. there'd be that heart that knows that this this Lord the sermon tonight Lord came right down their alley, right down their avenue, knocked on their door. I pray God that they would just come to the first step and that's open the door and let you in. You said if any man will open the door, behold I stand at the door and knock. any man hear my voice. It's one thing to hear his voice, but you got to open the door. And you said, "Lord, if they'll open the door, I'll come in and I'll suck with him." That means to have supper. That means to have communion. That means to have fellowship. Lord, I just invite any heart here tonight just to raise a hand and say, "Lord, I I've heard you knocking. I've heard your voice, but now I'm opening the door and I want to have communion with you one more time. Lord Jesus, I want you to feel welcome. Feel welcome, oh God. Lord, not not just in my not just in my speech, but let my life be a testimony. Let my actions, let it be a testimony of what I believe, not just from my lips, Lord, but let my whole life be a reflection that you've done something in my life. If that evidence is that there's been a change, then God, change me once again. Oh God, change me, Lord Jesus. I pray grant it. Now, brother Ken, you could sing whatever you're playing. [Music] Yes. Fire. Yes. Burn away. Burn away. Let's all gather together now. My desire for anything. For anything that you Turn, brother Ken. He's all love. It's all for the king. I want more of you and less me. Enter me. Lord into the [Music] Lord and feel [Music] me with you. With you. Can we sing it from the top? Holy fire. Sing that now. A holy fire. Let's raise our hands and sing it. Burn away. Oh, my desire. My desire for anything for anything that is not of you and is of me. I want more of you and less of [Music] me. Lord, empty me. [Music] Fill me with you. With [Music] you. Oh yeah. Lord me. Feel me? That's my prayer. Won't you feel [Music] me? With you. With you. With you. With you. With you. With you. with you. Is that your prayer, church? Let's give the Lord Jesus a hand clap of praise. Oh, give him a real fervent, passionate. Come on. Hallelujah. He's really worthy of it. Oh, yes. Yes, Lord. Amen. We don't have any prayer requests that I have written in. None that was turned in. Just making sure I didn't get any on the email. Nobody sent anything in. Anybody got in need? We didn't have any written down. Somebody want to make it known right now. Give you a second to do that. Uh, anybody here, brother? Nobody. All right. Sister Sarah, you're feeling better? I know you're here somewhere. Is she? She's still okay. Is she not here? Okay. Yeah. All right. Praise God. She's here. Amen. All right. Well, we have no prayer request, Brother Ken. Why don't we just pray? Amen. Would you put your hand over on that person? Amen. Maybe something that's even maybe that's no accident. Lord did it that way just for a reason. Join faith with somebody arm in arm, hand in hand. Lord, that's our true desire. From the bottom of our heart, Lord, empty us, Lord Jesus. The words to that song say, Lord, holy fire, burn away any desire, Lord, that would not be like you. I can hear the words of your prophet, Lord, as I heard them today. It's time we get serious. Really look into these things deeply as your word says. It's time to make our calling and election sure for our salvation are nearer now than when we first believed. Lord, we see it in the world. We see it in politics. We see it in the nations and nations at war. War with each other. It's never going to stop, Lord. There will be no peace until you return, Lord God. And we just raise hands today and say even so come Lord Jesus. This is a bride that's waiting waiting for her her love to return to take us all home Lord Jesus. A bride that's in readiness preparedness. The bride hath made herself ready. Lord we're looking in every crack in every corner. We're letting the light of the word of God shine down in every corner of our heart Lord Jesus. Lord, we didn't have any needs that were written, but but Lord, there's a great need, and that's our self. Lord, we present oursel as a living sacrifice now, Lord, on the altar before you. Bring back that passion. Bring back that zeal. Oh, that fire that once burned bright. Bring it, Lord Jesus. As we read in Leviticus, let it be a fire that's never put out, never grows cold. Oh Jesus, may we have Lord, if we need a fresh log to be thrown on the fire, then let it be thrown on my fire. Let it burn bright, Lord Jesus. As brother Steve's song says, Lord, don't let me be a lazy lightkeeper. Lord, where others can't find their way home, but let that fire burn. Let me go and clean the stool. Let me go and clean all of sin. Oh, wash me. Purge me thoroughly, Lord, as David said. Wash me, Lord God, that I might be clean. Create in me a clean heart. Renew that right spirit within me. Oh God, may I have that fire that burns deep, Lord. Lord, is this is the midnight hour. We've heard a cry, Lord, that's went forth. There will be a cry that says, "We have no oil in our vessel. Our oil is went out. Oh God, let it not be named among anybody in this church, not young, not old. Don't let anybody's on that day say my oil that I once had has ran out. But let us put Lord let us have a fire that's burning bright. Let it let the oil of the baptism of the Holy Ghost fresh be fresh upon our whole entire assembly Lord God. We want it Lord Jesus. We don't want to look, Lord God, at just something you did yesterday and something that's faded, Lord. But we need a fresh, as your prophet says, every generation gets a chance at revival, a fresh chance at the word. May we take advantage of it, Lord Jesus, we pray. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Let's sing it now. I [Music] surrender all to you. Everything [Music] everything I give to you. Oh, withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. Withholding [Music] nothing. I surrender all to you. Everything I I give to you. Withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. Withholding nothing. I surrender. I surrender all to you. Yes, Lord. Everything I give to you withholding withholding nothing withholding nothing withholding nothing withholding nothing withholding withholding nothing withholding nothing withholding nothing With holding nothing, I give myself [Music] [Applause] away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Applause] I give myself away so you can use me here. I am here. Oh, let's just stand. We're about to go this life is in your [Applause] [Music] handing to see your deeds revealed in me. I give myself I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself [Music] away. I give myself away. So you can you me and take my heart and change my life as a living sacrifice. Jesus, all my dreams, all my surrender, Lord, I place them in your hands. I give myself away. I give myself away. So you can use me. I give myself [Applause] [Music] [Applause] away. I give myself away so you can use me. My life is on my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. Oh my life is on my own. To you I belong. I give myself I give myself to you. I give myself away. [Applause] Yes. Hey, I give myself away so you can use me. Give him a praise. Give him a worship. He's worthy. Thank you, Lord God. Amen. We're going to let you go. If there'd be a testimony, something on somebody's heart, just raise your hand quick. If not, I'm just going to have be dismissed. We got a couple. So, I don't think that wireless. Is it working, brother Ken? Let me see it. Probably is. I think I turned it off. Brother M. Might be a low battery. So, we'll try it. Is it test? All right. It's low, but give that back to my memories. Just want to make a quick praying for little Phoebe. She's been feeding with a tube. You know, what is she now? Three weeks old, something like that. Well, They took it out and we're willing tomorrow she's been dismissed from the hospital. Praise the Lord. Praise God. Thank you, Jesus. Anybody else? Sister Rebecca, uh, was one over here or no? Okay, Sister Rebecca over here. Give that [Music] back. I'm going to make this quick, too. But I did promise that I would give this testimony. And first and foremost, our God is an ontime God. And um it's been a really long seven months. Um Brad hurt himself, you all know that. And probably about three weeks ago, he had to have another surgery um an angoplasty and to get the blood flow below his knee again. And he was in so much pain. Um I don't see Brad cry much, but he was crying. He was in a lot of pain. And that was on Monday. on Wednesday morning, he goes back, "You got to take me back." He goes, "Something's wrong." And so we went in there and she goes, "I think everything's okay." And he goes, "I think I need an antibiotics." And she said, "Okay, I'll give you an antibiotics, but and let me take a culture, but I I think you're okay." So, we had to go to Tennessee that next week for his uh cousin's funeral. And his foot was so swollen, but he sang and he spoke for his cousin. And we got back home and on that Tuesday, so this would have been two weeks ago. On that Tuesday, uh he got a phone call that that culture came back that he had staff infection and they wanted him to come um to get an X-ray to see if there was another infection in his bone. And I didn't even know when I looked at this if we were looking at bone again and maybe lose another toe, lose a foot. I really didn't know where we were at with it. It was that bad. And so I asked him um what were his what what did we need from these appointments? And he said, "Well, first the appointment tomorrow, I need to know that the blood flow is good. And on the appointment on Thursday, I need to know that there's no infection." Those were the two specific requests we had. So I wrote them down. I said it to brother Jason and a few other people. And on Wednesday when we walked in, the guy didn't even get out an ultrasound. He just touched his foot. He said, "Your blood flow is just perfect." And he said, "The wound is looking really good. That's not a bone you see. That's the whatever coming together. I don't even know what it is, but it's coming together." And so I didn't give a testimony that night because I told Brother Jason, I'm going to give it after we get the second prayer request, you know. And so we went in on Thursday and she walked in and she goes, "Okay, there's no infection. That's not your phone. And I have to say, I cried off and on the entire day because God is so amazing and he knew what we need when we needed it. And he's just on time and I'm thankful. That's my my praise. Amen. Praise the Lord. I don't want to sound repetitive on this about me with the accidents almost happening, what have you. on my way today. I think it was Forest Field, I think it was. A car came out and a little moped behind it. He came right out behind it. It's probably 8 feet before I hit him. And I got think, "Oh my, thank God he didn't." Then I got thinking later. No, thank God he didn't get hit. Yeah. Because if he wouldn't get hit, I'm going 50 miles an hour. He's pulling up. I would have hit him sideways. He would either would come up and over my car or under or something. And I thought, "No, Lord. Thank you that he made it. He just made it. That he didn't get killed or worse. Amen. Praise God. [Applause] Aren't you thankful for God's protection? He's always there. Amen. Angels. Amen. Guardian, guarding our life. Amen. Well, greet somebody. Just turn around and shake their hand. Tell them God bless you before we go. Brother Ken's going to sing something just as we go. Feel free to be dismissed at your own leisure. You want to stay in worship, that's all right. There's a good spirit of worship here. I believe you're my healer. I believe I believe you are all I need. Lord, I believe and I believe you're my portion. I believe you're more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. I believe. You're my [Music] healer. I believe you are all I need. Lord, I believe. [Music] I believe you're my [Music] portion. I believe you're more than enough for me. Jesus, you're all I need. [Music] You hold my every [Music] moment. You calm my rageing seas. You walk with me through fire. [Music] Heal all my disease. I trust in you, Lord. I trust in you. I [Music] believe you're my healer. [Music] I believe you
