################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-09 - 250409- Bro Kidri Diggs:Faith Beyond Circumstances - Kidri Diggs - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-09
Title:   250409- Bro Kidri Diggs:Faith Beyond Circumstances
Speaker: Kidri Diggs
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0TNtHoTe38
========================================

[Music] He's my Lord. There is no other one [Music] who can calm the storms of life like my Lord. [Music] He gives rest to the weery. Brings new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt [Music] about in peace my Lord. Let's sing it with a loud voice. Well, he's my Lord. [Music] There is no other one who can calm the storms of life like my Lord. Oh, he gives rest to the weery. Bring new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt about him, my Lord. He brings life. [Music] He brings life to the weery. Brings life to the hopeless. There's no doubt about peace. My Lord, brother Luther. He's my Lord. He's my Lord. There is no love [Applause] [Music] who can lost their life. like my Lord. Oh, he praise you to the we bring new life to the holy [Music] no [Music] my lord. Amen. I'm so thankful for that. Let's pray. Lord, I worship you this evening. Thank you, Father, for giving us a place to just set aside things and focus on you this evening. We can pray, we can ask, but we also want to worship you, Father, in spirit and in truth this evening. Lord, you comfort us. You strengthen us. I'm so thankful for your presence, Lord. Thankful for the prayers of the saints and for your healing power. I pray that you'd bless your people this evening. Let your Holy Spirit, Father, sweep through the building. Lord, if there is any here that are hopeless, give them hope, Father. If there's any that are faithless, give them faith. Lord, reveal yourself to us in a special way this evening. Break the bread of life, Lord. have preeminence in the gift that you bring before us. Father, as we collect the tithes and offerings, we pray that you bless the cheerful giver. Remember those that are sick this evening, Father, in Jesus name. Amen. Rest to the weery. Bring new life to the hopeless. There's no doubt [Music] about it. He is my Lord. Let's give the Lord away a a hand. Amen. Amen. Let's give him a hand this evening. Amen. Kia C. Y'all help me sing this song here. May I shall forever lift mine. Amen. Amazing grace shall always be my song of praise. For it was grace that bought my liberty. [Music] I still not know just why he came to love me so. He looked beyond [Music] my faults and saw my needs. Amazing grace again. Amazing grace shall always be my song of praise. Let's give the Lord a wave offering. For it was grace [Music] that brought my liver mercy. And I don't know why Christ came to love me. soul. He looks beyond all my faults and all my need. Everybody know I shall live my life to God [Music] to the cross where Jesus died for me. [Applause] The grace that guards my falling soul. He looked beyond my faults and saw my needs. I shall forever. I shall forever live my life to Calary [Music] to you where Jesus died for me. I shall bless grace that cause my falling soul. He looked beyond [Music] my faults and saw my need. He looked beyond [Music] all my faults and saw my need. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Amen. Won't you turn and greet somebody and say, "God bless you this evening." Amen. Give me the key a G. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. [Music] For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Let's put our hands together. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. [Music] Weapon may be born, but it won't prosper. When darkness falls, it won't prevail. The God I serve know only how to triumph. My God will never fail. My God will never fail. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belong to you Lord. [Music] Every war he raes he will win. Not begging. I know how the story ends. Well, I know how this go. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. Say I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. I'm going to see I'm going to see your victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle to you, Lord. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. All the battle belongs to you, Lord. [Music] You take what the enemy meant for evil and you turn it for good. You turn it for good. You take what the enemy did for evil and you turn it for good. Say you turn it for good. One more time. You take You take what the enemy makes for evil and you turn it for good. Turn it for good. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. [Music] Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. Thank sister Emily call me got a song for us this evening. Amen. Let's give her a hand. Amen. Amen. [Music] Do not fear. Be strong in the power of the Lord. And let the keeper of the stars keep your heart forever more. Even though you might feel small, it is in you his kingom reigns. And from your mouth the Lord is made a fountain for his praise. and with his righteousness across your chest, salvation for your head. The belt of truth around you now with the shield of faith in hand and with his peace upon your feet everywhere you go. His word will be the sword you keep your covered head to toe. [Music] Oh, the night is quickly fading and the day will soon break in. And with the dawn, the Lord will give the grace you need to stand and turn your worries in to songs. Put on your covering of light and you will long outlast this darkness. Cuz he's with you in this fight. And with his righteousness across your chest, salvation for your head. The belt of truth around you now with a shield of faith in hand and with his peace upon your feet. Everywhere you go, his word will be the sword you keep. You're covered head to toe. And with his peace upon your feet everywhere you go, his word will be the sword you keep, your covered head to toe. [Music] Amen. Let's stand. Amen. Let's sing a little bit. It's already done. How many believe that all your battles already done? The victory is won and the battle is already over. Amen. Let's give the Lord another hand. Amen. It's already done. It's already done. The victory is won. The battle is over. It's already done. [Music] It's already done. [Music] It's already done. The victory is won. The battle is over. It's already done. If your confession of faith is a wavering and doubt is bombarding your mind, just speak it is written just like Jesus said. The angel of the Lord in time say it's already done. It's already done. [Music] The victory is won. The battle is over. It's already done. Say it's already done. It's already done. The victory is won. The battle is over. It's already done. Say, "Oh, it's already done. It's already done. [Music] Victory is won. The battle is over. It's already done. [Music] If you believe in God, total victory. And the answer don't seem nice. Just look on to the hill. Take God at his word. The help you need is coming from all say it's already done. [Music] It's already done. The victory is won. The battle is over. It's already done. If you believe it, won't you sing it this evening? Oh yes. It's already done. It's already done. The victory is won. The battle is over. It's already done. When your confession of faith is a wavering and doubt is bombarding your mind, just speak. It is written just like Jesus said. The angel of the Lord is right on time. One more time say it's already done. Yes, it is. Say, wo, it's already done. The victory is won. The battle is over. It's already done. Let's give the Lord a wave offer. Oh, say it's already done. How many got victory tonight? Say it's already done. The victory is won. The battle is over. It's already done. One more time. If you believe it, won't just sing. Oh, done. Yes, it is. Oh Lord, it's already done. The victory is won. The battle is over. It's already done. The victory is one. The battle is over. It's already done. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. [Music] Amen. How many is ready for the word? Amen. Give me the key seed. Amen. Amen. As I think brother Diggs comes tonight though will give the glory to Jesus [Music] and tell of his love. And tell of his love. will give the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love. [Music] will give the glory to Jesus. [Music] And tell of his love. And tell of his love. Oh, will give all the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love. Say, "Oh, will give the glory to Jes." Let's give the Lord a wave offering for a few minutes. Will and tell of his love and tell of his love. Oh, we'll give all the glory to Jes. [Music] [Applause] [Applause] Give the glory to [Applause] us. Tell his love. [Applause] Let's [Music] give the glory. The glory to Jesus [Music] love. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. [Applause] Isn't he worthy of all the praise? Amen. We give our give God all the honor and glory. We thank him for the mercy that he's given us. Amen. And it's our privilege to be back home again. Amen. It's uh always a blessing being with Saints of Life, Precious Faith. Amen. We certainly appreciate Pastor Jason and his family and church family and everybody affiliated with the ministry of the end time word of the hour. Amen. Let's just have a word of prayer and we'll get right into the word of God tonight. Lord Jesus, Father, we love you tonight. And if we could do anything, let us do what the songs say. Lord, give you all the glory, Lord. Lord, no matter whether there's good times or bad times, Father, you deserve the glory. Lord, Father, for without you, life will be no more than just a vapor. But Lord, we thank you cuz you've given us purpose, Lord. And Lord, we see your hand upon our lives, Lord. Even before we even knew you, Lord, we can look back and see that that was God. This was God, Lord. and you were orchestrating, Lord, and you were separating and you were moving, Lord, things for our good, Lord. And we pray that that same hand of God will be among us tonight, Lord. you will just use your word, Lord, to encourage your people, Lord, to bring us into a a deeper awareness, Lord, and a closer walk with you, Father, as we always say, forgive us for our sins and trespasses, Lord, and anything in our lives, Lord, that is a stench in your nostrils, Lord. Lord, we bless you, praise your name, but give you all the honor and glory. In the wonderful name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Let church say, "Amen." Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. If you um have your Bibles, let's turn to um Romans Romans chapter 12 and um from there. Amen. We're going to kind of jump around a little bit. Romans chapter 12. I want to read a verse out of there. Um, let's just read verse three and then we're going to go to Matthew 14. Romans 12 and three. The Bible says, "For I say through the grace given unto me to every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think, but to think soberly." Amen. And that's a word we don't hear often in church, but to think soberly according as God have dealt to every man the measure of faith. Let's go to uh Matthew uh chapter 14. Matthew 14. And I want to I want to start reading I believe at verse 26. Matthew 14 and 26. Matthew 14 and 26, the Bible. Well, let's back up. Let's back up. Let's back up to um so we can get the content. Let's back up to 22. Matthew 14 and 22. And straightway Jesus constrained his disciples to get into a ship and to go before him unto the other side while he sent the multitude away. And when he had sent the multitude away, he went up into a mountain apart to pray. And when the evening was come, he was there alone. But the ship was now in the midst of the sea, tossed with waves, for the wind was contrary. And in the fourth watch of the night, Jesus went unto them walking on the sea. Now, this is something. This is a phase of the ministry the disciples never saw before. Now, they saw him heal the sick, raise the dead. They saw him do miracles. So, miracles wasn't a thing to them. But now, they're seeing something that can't be explained. Amen. All right. It say, "But the ship was now tossed in the midst of the sea." I mean, the ship was the ship was now in the midst of the sea, tossed with waves, for the wind was contrary. And in the fourth watch of the night, Jesus went unto them walking on the walking on the sea. And when the disciples saw him walking on the sea, they were troubled, saying, "It is a spirit." And they cried out for fear. But straightway Jesus spake unto them, saying, "Be of good cheer. It is I. Be not afraid." And Peter answering him, and said, Lord, if thou bid me, come unto thee on the water. and he said, "Come." Amen. May the Lord have a blessed reading of his word. You can have your seats. And when Peter was come down out of the ship, he walked on the water to go to Jesus. Today, by the grace of God, I want to encourage your faith. But my my my subject tonight is faith beyond circumstances. Now, when we think of when we all have an idea what faith is. Amen. Amen. You know the prophet of God say faith is a revelation. He also said faith is the six sense. He also said that faith is the CEO of the company. Amen. So if we understand he says faith has hands on it. He said faith has hair on his chest. Hallelujah. So when he talks about faith, you know, like we used to say when we were growing up, if you were if you if you were say you were a football player or basketball player and you wasn't that good, we would call you a scrub. Hallelujah. And that comes from the term of a bush, a little scrub. So what we would say, if you ain't good, like, ah man, you ain't you ain't nothing but a little scrub. But when the prophet talked about faith, he never made it something small. He always made faith to be something great. But then he would come back and say, "You have it." Hallelujah. It's yours. It's very easy. But he he he when he talked about faith, he talked about levels of faith. Amen. Now when we look right here, when we look right here in the scripture, you know, there were times where Jesus came to the disciples and he said, "Oh, ye of little faith." You know, and then there were then there was times when he said, "Uh, where is your faith?" You know, he always was dealing with the faith of the believer. So he always wanted to show the church that there was another level. Amen. Amen. And what I want to talk about tonight, church, that the level of faith that you and I should be operating in has nothing to do with what you see. Hallelujah. Amen. Because what you see will hinder. Hallelujah. What you can believe. Amen. If you operate solely about what you see. And we know that the prophet of God say that God gave us five senses to contact this world. But then he gave us a sense, hallelujah, to contact things that are here, but we can't see it. I love that. Hallelujah. He say it's here, but the natural eye can't see it. But faith can proclaim it. Faith can produce it. Faith can make the evidence of things not seen become tangible. Hallelujah. So when we think about circumstances, when I begin to look at circumstances, and I and I'm not going to go into the full definition of it, but when I begin to look at the word circumstances, it talked about a condition detail. A detail condition of facts. Circumstances deals with facts. But faith doesn't care what the facts are. Amen. Hallelujah. We we we're not dealing with facts. We're dealing with truth. Amen. Hallelujah. So church, when it comes to faith and we look at circumstances of faith, we have to go back to Genesis. Amen. Now, let's go to Genesis chapter one just to look at the kind of faith God gave us. Hallelujah. Now, Genesis chapter one. Now, I'm I'mma just I'mma just breeze over the top of this and I pray maybe one of the brothers will catch the inspiration and make it more plain to you. But right now, I'm I'm I'm shooting with a 47. Hallelujah. And and and and and I'm aimed at the devil and we're not looking for any survivors. Hallelujah. So I want your faith to be anchored in him tonight. Genesis 1 27. Now the Bible says, "So God created man in his own image." Let's just stop right there. Man was created in the image of God. The God who said, "Let there be and it was." Everything he spoke came to pass. Then the scripture down in Hebrews say, "We understand that the worlds were framed how?" By the word of God. So God put his own faith out there to show what I got is the real thing. Hallelujah. And then he allowed man to be created with that same substance of faith in his image. Amen. He said, "So, so God created man in his own image." Hallelujah. In the image of God created he him. Male and female created he them. And God blessed them. Now look now. Hallelujah. When God created man, he put certain things, hallelujah, in place in their life. Amen. Oh my. He said, "And God blessed them and God said unto them, be fruitful." First two things, you're supposed to be walking in blessings and not curses. Hallelujah. So if any circumstances in your life produces anything else but blessings, you're not walking in the image that God created you in. Thank you, bro. He said when he made us in in in his image, he blessed man. He said, "And God blessed them and God said unto them, be fruitful." Hallelujah. We are the image of God is supposed to be fruitful. Amen. We're not just supposed to be benchwmers or churchgoers. Hallelujah. But when we speak, hallelujah, something is supposed to take place. Hallelujah. Look, church, when Adam talked, all creation paid attention. God. Hallelujah. Hey. Be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth and subdue it. Oh my. and have dominion over the fish of the sea and over the fowls of the air and every living thing that moveth upon the face of the earth. So man, hallelujah, could operate under any circumstance and be a god. Am I in the book? He He was to multiply. He is blessed. He's to be fruitful. He's to subdue. Hallelujah. You know, uh, a lot of times they use that word subdue when you're going against an enemy. Hallelujah. They walk out there, we come to subdue the enemy. We come to bring him under control. Hallelujah. God created man to bring every situation under control. Hallelujah. There's nothing in your life that's out of control. Hallelujah. Unless you don't know who you are. Because under the image of God, hallelujah, Adam controlled the weather. He controlled the fish, the sharks, the whales. He controlled the lions, the tigers, the bears. Hallelujah. He controlled pet life, bartney life. Hallelujah. The mineral kingdom. He controlled everything. every circumstance that came his way, he was the controller of it. And that's how we were created in God's eyes. Let me help you out a little bit. Hallelujah. I'm not just talking fairy tale language. But what I'm speaking to you tonight is reality. We were created in the image of God, in his likeness. Hallelujah. And I don't know about you, but sometimes I get up and I say, "I'm blessed." Because that's what the Bible says about me. That's what God said about me. Hallelujah. He said, "When he created me, he blessed me." Yes, sir. Oh my. Amen. faith beyond circumstances. But look church, just to kind of make it a little bit more clearer. Now, Adam and Eve were walking under the dominion of God, the image of God. Hallelujah. They had God's own faith. And you know, I I I wanted to put this quote up, but I I I forgot. I ran out of time. But there's a quote in in in the deity of of Jesus Christ. I believe that's the message where the prophet of God says, hallelujah, the faith. Now, this is heavy. He said, well, he didn't say the faith. He said, the power that created the world is the same power in every Holy Ghost fil believer. The power that created the worlds. How did he create it? He said, "Let there be." Amen. Just spoke the word. And he said that same power of the spoken word is in every Holy Ghost fil believer. How many got the Holy Ghost tonight? So you got the same power in you that God used to create the world. Amen. If you're not subject to the circumstances of your flesh, but look, church, we know Adam and Eve fell into sin, but let's make it real clear. When Adam fell into sin, God never had to create another Adam. He didn't go and make another man. He didn't go and make another woman. Hallelujah. He didn't even make another soul. What did he do? He told that man, "If you get back, Hallelujah. in the right atmosphere, in the right channel, everything that you are will come out again. Hallelujah. So I say that to you. When your sins are forgiven and you know your sins are forgiven, you can walk in the places that Adam walked in. You can walk in dominion. You can replenish. You can subdue. You can multiply. You can control your environment. Now I'm preaching to eagles tonight. Notice I said I didn't say he said when you receive this message as eagle food you have what heard from your theophony. What is a theophony? A word body that comes from the presence of God. Amen. Oh my I feel my helper coming on. I feel good now. Woo! Oh my church. Look, when Adam fell into sin, God never had to go and create or make another atom and destroy that one. No. Everything that was in the seed would come out at the provided time. Yes, sir. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh my. Listen. All right. Let's go to uh let's read this quote. This is in the message, the fundamental foundation of faith. I love that message. Probably within the past six months, I didn't listen to it maybe 20, 25 times. Hallelujah. Because there's so many nuggets in it. That tells us who we are. Hallelujah. Listen, the prophet of God says, he says, he says, "Now, here's something that's wrong. And in the beginning, God created you to be what? the master of every circumstance. God created you to be the master of your circumstances. So I say to you tonight, if your back hurt, you are the master of your healing. Hallelujah. If if if your pockets are a little tight, you are the master of your riches. Hallelujah. If you a little depressed, you are the master of your happiness. You are the master of every circumstance. Hallelujah. If your children in the world, you are the master of their deliverance. You're the master of their hallelujah redemption. Amen. It's up to you to let your faith reach out beyond the circumstances of what you see. Hallelujah. Circumstances. How many of us when we have to go to work, if it's raining, those circumstances don't stop us? Amen. You can believe beyond that rain. Hallelujah. The law of rain cannot stop you from going forward. Hallelujah. And even church, sometimes things will happen, certain circumstances will happen where other people will feel handcuffed and you'll be a little happy about it. Hallelujah. A couple months ago, we had snow all over South Carolina. Some people like and your children were out there having a ball. Hallelujah. So don't worry about somebody else's circumstances and how they handle it. Worry about how you handle the circumstances. Amen. Rain may stop some people. Snow may stop some people. But hallelujah. Some people it may unlock a measure of faith. He said to everyone that's given a measure of faith. So I'm here to proclaim tonight that there is a measure of faith in you for every situation you come across. I ain't going to be long. Y'all know I'm about to close. Hallelujah. Oh my. Listen. He says God created you to be the master of every circumstance. He said, "That's the origin. That's authentic. That's God's word." That's your origin. Hallelujah. That's how the Bible, this is what he's saying is authentic. That's how the word of God should be being preached. Authentic. Amen. That's the original seed word right there. Oh my. He said that's God's word. Now listen. He said there was nothing nothing could happen unless you was the master of it. That's what you were created for. Amen. So nothing can happen to you except first before it gets to you, you're already the master of it. Okay. Okay. All right. All right. Hallelujah. Now, what we what I want you to understand what I'm preaching. I'm preaching perfect faith. Hallelujah. The prophet of God say we should be able to preach it a little bit deeper and get some of the unbelief out of the church. Hallelujah. Why would a vindicated prophet say that to a church? Because some of us have intellectual faith which lies on the circumstances. But then he said, "We got to have hard faith." When you believe from your heart, no matter what the circumstances is, I got God's word and the circumstances can't change that. If you sick in your body, I don't care what the circumstances are. I got a word for you. And it says by his stripes, you're already healed. And the circumstances can't stop that. Hallelujah. Oh my church. He said, I'm going to read that again. He said, there's nothing nothing could happen unless you was the master of it. That's what you were created for. Hallelujah. So God is trying to get our minds right to believe in the origin of who we are. Hallelujah. And my origin, your origin, doesn't make me the student, it makes me the master. Amen. Some of you are satisfied with being the student. No, I want to be the master. Because if I'm the master, I'm in control. If I'm the master, everything around me has to listen to my voice. Now, you need to be the master of your situation. You be the master of your circumstances. Hallelujah. But look, let's dive into it a little bit. Just a little bit. Hallelujah. Let's look at the scene. Now, the disciples, they saw Jesus do a lot of things. To a certain extent, they believe he was God. But the revelation of God they had was on earth. And he wanted to show them a God that earth couldn't explain. Hallelujah. He wanted to show them a life behind skin that circumstances couldn't stop. Hallelujah. So he told them, he said, "Hey, let's get it. I want y'all to get in the ship and go to the other side." He said, "And then he dealt with the crowd and so forth, but before we get there, hallelujah, he had 5,000 out there." In the same chapter, 5,000 out. They only had two fish and five loaves. And Jesus said, "Let's feed the people." He wasn't looking at the circumstances of how much he had. He knew who he was. The circumstances only brought out who he was. And that's what your circumstance is supposed to do. It's supposed to bring out that you are the master. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. And Jesus, he says, "Oh my." Now, I marvel at this because the disciples who were believers, they walked with him, but Jesus knew they weren't there yet. They saw so many mighty things and he knew they weren't there yet. That's why the prophet could preach the seals and then say, "I knew half of the people didn't understand what I preach." But he had to preach it. Why? Hallelujah. So it could be unlocked. The circumstances of the people hearing couldn't stop that word from coming forth. Amen. Listen now. They said Jesus say, "Sit the people down. Let's feed the people." And then one of the disciples come up and say, "Lord, master." He's looking at the circumstance. Lord, we ain't got nothing. We ain't got nothing to feed all these people. It's 5,000 people out here looking at the circumstances. Now, God didn't heal the sick, raised the dead. He He didn't did all kind of stuff, and they still looking in the natural realm. They still are are looking at God as just a God of the earth. Yeah. and they say, "Lord, we we we all we got is a a lad. He come and brought us five fish and I mean five loaves and two fish." Jesus said, "Give it to me. I'mma show you what I think of your circumstances. Give it to me." Hallelujah. I'mma show you what I think of your circumstances. Give it to me. I'mma show you what I think of your sickness. Give it to me. I'm going to show you what I think about the troubles in your mind. Give it to me. I'mma show you about what's going on in your house. Give it to me. If you ain't got a job, he said, "Give your job search to me." Hallelujah. Church, they give it to Jesus. Jesus bless it. Hallelujah. And then what does he do? He gives it to the disciples. Amen. So where was the multiplying of the fish and the bread? As they trust in the Lord, when he gave it to them, the blessing from their hands were multiplied unto whom all they would give. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Notice it didn't go straight from God to the people, but it came from God to the disciples. Then the disciples took what God gave them and let him use it. Hallelujah. Take what God has given you and let God use it. He's already blessed it. He's already blessed your hands. Let God use it. Now they feed 5,000 and I believe they took up 12 basket after that. Man, what happened to the circumstances? washed up. The circumstances were washed up in the actions of God. Hallelujah. But now later on in the chapter, Jesus, hey, y'all go to the other side. I'm going up here to pray. He pushed the crowd away. Jesus, go pray. And next thing you know, the Bible says, now the ship is being tossed. It's being tossed and the wind and all these things is is in a storm. Y'all think Jesus didn't know that the storm was coming? That's the reason why he didn't go with them. Cuz he wanted to see what they would do in the storm of their life. And sometimes you may not feel like God is with you. He's trying to see what you will do in your storm. Hallelujah. Even the other time when they were out in the boat. Hallelujah. The Bible says that the winds were blowing so much to that water was in the boat. Now, waters in the boat. And the Bible says Jesus was in the back of the boat sleep. Hallelujah. He wasn't thinking about the conditions. He wasn't thinking about the circumstances. He's a God of what? Rest. So no matter what you're going through, God always has rest for you. Amen. Amen. Amen. In our church, oh, think about it. Anybody ever been DC fishing? Couple of us. Amen. You get out there in that water and the winds are going and waves are going and all these things and now it's coming in the boat and they I guarantee you what nobody nobody in that boat was saying. I got God in me. The Lord is with me. We got a third pulled ministry. No, they were looking at the circumstances and they were thinking about I guarantee you they were thinking about their life, their soul, whether they need to repent, whatever because of a storm. And sometimes God would allow storms so you can stop playing games with him. Hallelujah. So look, storm coming, everything is in the boat and not Jesus. They Peter go back and say, "Lord, Lord, you care that you don't care that we perish. He's the father of life." They've never seen anything around him die. So where were those thoughts coming from? Where were the thoughts of death coming from? It wasn't coming from God. It was the circumstances that was bringing forth contrary thoughts. Amen. Thoughts of unbelief. while they were in God's presence. How often God, we come to church and the word is being preached and we have thoughts of unbelief while we're in God's presence. We're too busy dwelling on the circumstances. Yeah. The fact of the matter was water was in the boat, but that didn't change who Jesus was. Amen. But he and and I found this part very funny. Jesus gets up, walks to the front of the boat, and he's not shaking one bit. Now, the Bible don't say this, but I believe when he put his foot up, the whole boat stopped shaking cuz he was God. How's the devil going to shake up his own makeup? Let's understand something. Whenever you going through something, God is never worried. Amen. Amen. He's trying to unlock something that he know is there. Hallelujah. And I've been saying just talking about faith a little bit where we say, "Lord, give me more faith. I don't have enough faith. Lord, please give me some more faith." He can't do it. God can't give you more faith. That means when he created you, he was un you were unfinished. But think about it. You go through a hard trial, then God said, "Oh, I forgot to add some patience. Let me put some patience in it." You go through a hard trial with a brother, sister here, and you get angry. God say, "Oh, I forgot to put some love in Chris. That mean he wasn't God. Hallelujah. And I've been saying it like this. Hallelujah. You take a farmer. Forgive me camera people. Y'all know I'm a walker. Y'all should be used to this by now. You know they making them they making them kind of cameras now. They just rotate when you move. Hallelujah. I need one of them. Look church, you take a farmer just to show that God doesn't have to add anything to you. You take a farmer who who wants Gayla red apples. So what does he do? He finds a seed and he plants Gayla red apples. Now when that apple starts to grow, hallelujah, he doesn't have to go to each apple with some red 40. He doesn't have to go to each each apple or put it in a sprinkler and spray some red 40 over the whole harvest so he can get red apples. Where does the color come from? It's already in the seed. And as the sun does its job by faith. Hallelujah. The farmer doesn't dig it up. He knows what the seed is supposed to produce. So he depends on the elements around it to unlock the life that's inside. So he lets the sun do its job. Hallelujah. And he lets the rain do its job. He even lets the dirt do its job. Sometimes you feel a little embarrassed. You do something wrong like, "Oh my gosh, I don't know why I did that. Oh, I just feel so convicted." We all have had a little dirt, but it's that dirt that helps the real you come out. Woo! Hallelujah. It ain't It ain't per se the contact of the sun first. No, it ain't per se the contact of the water first. No, it's the dirt, the darkness of the dirt that compacts that seed. Hallelujah. And dries it out. Amen. Where the real life that's inside can come out. So that situation is needed to unlock another level of life. So there are situations of dirt in our life that God allows us to go through to unlock another level of life. Hallelujah. I almost feel like we at a camp meeting. Hallelujah. But look, that farmer, he trusts what's in the seed. He doesn't come back and add anything to it. What if what if he say, "Man, I want I want these apples to be juicy." What does he do? He come back and get some some some some some herbs of juicy. Get some herb I need juicy apples. Let me go find some herbs of juicy. Put it in the sprinklers and spray it over the whole harvest and all the apples come out juicy. No, it's already in there. Hallelujah. What if he wants some sweet some sweet red apples? They come back and say, "Man, let me find me some herbs, some of sweetener. Let me add in some some equal." No. And for those of you who fighting these this old age some what it is. What is it called? What is it? Stevia. For all y'all I can't I ain't eat no sugar. You know that sugar so bad. But give me some ski. Control your health. N ain't telling everybody go eat snooker balls. No, that's not what I'm saying. What I'm saying is don't let the circumstances move you to be something that God didn't create you to be. And God didn't create any of us to be afraid. That's not in the image of God. That's look as as as we read the patent of man. Hallelujah. Fear is no way in that patent. So where is fear coming from? Your eyes. Amen. Oh my. Look. Jesus gets everybody all right. Don't get too nervous. Jesus gets to the the front of the boat and he says, "Peace be still." He didn't call it hurricane. He didn't call it tornado. He didn't call it tsunami. He called it what he created it to be. Peace. Is that really really brother Diggs? How many of you ever been on a hot day in Buford? Hot day in Buford where mosquitoes are buzzing and and and the humidity is 100% and then a breeze come. Don't that make you feel good? So the wind was never created to be your enemy. Amen. That's why when Jesus spoke to it, he spoke it in original condition. Peace. Amen. Oh my. Hallelujah. And then he he puts his foot up there and this is this is me. He put his foot up there and say, "Peace be still." And then the disciples look at say, "Wow, what manner of man is this where the winds and the sea obey him?" Wow. And then Jesus say, "Where's your faith?" You supposed to calm the storm. Talking about something wild. I don't want to hear no wild. Where's your faith? You supposed to speak to this situation. And you know what? Like us, we'll receive a rebuke from God because of where we are spiritually. Amen. But then we start blaming the conditions or the the circumstances. Now you look at these disciples. Jesus saying, "Where's your faith?" They like, "Huh, man? You see all this water in this boat? All this water in the boat. the the the the the what what you call the thing the life bags what they call life vest man the life vest has been gone and you want us to speak to something [Music] that's how we talk to God sometimes he's telling us what we are supposed to do and we reminded him of the circumstances but he didn't care about those circumstances he said where's your faith faith. Hallelujah. He put them Oh my. He put them in a storm to show them that they could calm the storm. Amen. Amen. And now over here on the other side. Hallelujah. They out in the midst of the storm. The boat is being tossed and everything. And and and Jesus come walking. Hallelujah. He going to walking on the water. Something they've never seen before. A whole another level of faith. Hallelujah. Jesus come walking on the water and then looking at Hallelujah. A man walking on the water and they say it's a spirit. How often JD things happen in our life and we say this ain't nothing but the devil. How often we do that? Certain things happen with this the devil. things happen in house. This the devil lose your job. This the devil, brother Jason, get up and preach on you. Heat up. You better not say it. But we look at things a lot of times, a lot of times because of the circumstances and we give the enemy the credit versus God when it could be God trying to unlock another level of life that's already laying inside of you. But it'll take this situation to bring out who you are it wasn't the devil hallelujah that was that was making Pharaoh's heart hard. It was God. It wasn't even the devil that led Rahab into prostitution. It was God. Hallelujah. You say, "Really, brother D?" Yes. She had to be there and she had to be raised there. She had to go through something. She had to spend at least for Oh my Oh my. She had to mature and grow up there. Why? Because if the children of Israel would have got there in five to seven days like it was supposed to take, hallelujah, Rahab wouldn't have been there. So God allowed circumstances to take place. He allowed people to rise up in church. H he allowed the golden calf, all these things. Why? So Rahab can get in position. Wow. Amen. Amen. And God would allow things in your life to linger just so you can get in position. Praise God. Amen. Hallelujah. But what we do too often, we look at a certain man, God, God, Lord, this doesn't just can't help me. God is not concerned about the circumstances. He's trying to show you that you are the master. Nothing can happen. Remember the quote I just read. He said, "Nothing can happen except first you were already the master." Amen. Amen. Anybody going through something? What is he doing? He's unlocking the life that he knows inside of you. So, he allows trial after trial to unlock more faith. Trial after trial to unlock more faith. No, he's not giving it to you. He's unlocking what he's placed in your seed. And it takes situations and circumstances to bring it out. Abraham, hallelujah, had to lose Lot to go down there to to learn he don't need an old army. All he need is God and 318 servants. And he went down there and whipped up on some kings. Hallelujah. God allowed Joshua to get in a battle where the sun was going down. Hallelujah. Just so he could speak to the son. The very thing he was losing, God allowed him to speak to it so it'll stand still. What about you? Come on. Amen. What about us? Hallelujah. Listen, church, let me read something to you. You know, I I I I think about Abraham, and the Bible says, let's go. Let's go to uh Romans chapter 4. I want to read a little bit of this if you don't mind. Romans chapter 4. Now listen, the Bible says in verse 17, Romans 4:17, it says, "As it is written, I have made thee a father of many nations before him whom he believed, even God, who quickenth the dead, and calleth those things which be not as though they are or as though they were already taken place, were came to pass. It already didn't happen in God's eyes. Let me tell you something, church. In God's eyes, we've already made a rapture. In God's eyes, we're already perfected. Amen. Listen, don't put your faith based upon what somebody else has done to call it perfect. Look, I don't need to speak squirrels. I don't have a need for squirrels. Hallelujah. So, those circumstances may not apply to my life. Hallelujah. But if God put me in a certain situation where I need something else, the same power that the prophet used to speak squirrels is the same power that he have in me to speak what I need. Yes, sir. Or what you need. So the third pull is not based upon only squirrels and caribous and silver tipsmen, but it's based upon the need of the believer. Amen. Hallelujah. How many of you need a silver tip? Anybody? Anybody need a caribou? Don't raise your hand, Tony. I take one right now. I have a big old 42 inch horn just like he said. Give it to me. But it's according to the situations in your life, the circumstances. God allow us to come into certain circumstances to unlock the level of faith that's already there. Hallelujah. That's why y'all hear me say, "I thank God for cancer." Cuz without cancer in my brain, he couldn't unlock the revelation of Jehovah Rafa. Come on. And by that revelation, I fight every sickness with because it's been proven. I've been cancer free 30 plus years. I don't like to use remission and all that stuff. Remission means that it could come back. Uh it might come uh is on the way. No, I'm healed. Amen. Because I got a word says by stripes you were healed. already already happened in the mind of God. God just wanted me to come to the circumstance and show how to show me that I'm the master of my body. How? By faith. And by the grace of God, I've done that with diabetes. Hallelujah. Whatever type they come up with, right? How they know if it's a type one and type two? They make this stuff up as they go. Forgive me. Forgive forgive me doctors and nurses. Forgive me. But that's just the kind of person I am. Hallelujah. Like one one brother told me one time, he said, "Brother, you can't give the people faith. You can't you can't preach it like that." I said, "Huh?" He said, "Brother, you can't make the people have faith." I said, "That's true. that I can't make nobody have faith, but I can show them I believe it. Hallelujah. And I told him, I said, "Well, brother, medicine and doctors and all these things wasn't my experience." So, I had to preach my experience. The prophet of God say faith is an experience. Hallelujah. Yeah. And then you have people intellectually, they come and say, "Well, you know, brother Brandham, brother Brandham say the do the Lord gives doctors." Yes, he does. But he also gives miracles. Amen. Which would you Which would you rather have a $80,000 bill, a lead on your house or a miracle? give you the miracle anytime, any place, anywhere. Don't get me wrong. Now, like I said, I appreciate the doctors. They they got they, you know, they got this they got their space in this economy of God. Hallelujah. Cuz you know, I love a good doctor that come and say, uh, well, we don't know what's going on, so we just going to depend on the Lord. Hallelujah. Some of them talk like that. Amen. But church, you look at what God is doing in this time, in this hour. What he's doing is he's he's he's raising the bar. He's allowing things to happen that we have no answers for. And all you can do is believe. Before I before I uh before I come down, cuz right now I'm flying real high. Listen, I want to read something to you. Listen, this this this is oh my I'm running out of time. If we if we if we look at this real quick, the prophet says this is in the message uh perfect faith. He says, "Now, the only thing you have to do then is have faith in what you are. Have faith in what the word says you are." And Jesus had faith in the word of God. That said he that says what he was. It is written of me. Didn't David in the Psalms and the prophets and all them that speak of him? I am the bread of life that cometh from God out of heaven. Amen. I am the tree of life from the garden of Eden. I am these things. I am that I am. And he knew what he knew with that perfect faith that he was the anointed Messiah that the spirit of God was upon him. He said now I in myself do nothing but it's my faith. Hallelujah. But it's my faith in God and God was in him. The word made manifest. Now this is our part. And when the word of God comes in you, it's made manifest. For you are a believer. See, and a believer is the faith of God. Amen. A believer is the faith of God that moves in you. So we call ourselves what? Believers. And the prophet of God say for you to be a believer that means that you are the faith of God. Hallelujah. Oh my. Listen, before I before I get out of here, I want to narrow some things down. First, I want to stump on the devil a little bit. Everybody all right? Can we stump on him just a little bit? Let's strip him from his power. Right now I want to say to you, the only power the devil got is what we surrender to him. Fundamental foundation of faith. Now Satan by the laws of sin and death makes everything that sin and death bought operate. And Satan sends a cancer, the man recognizes it. In order for cancer to be alive in your body, you must believe in it. Amen. So you by believing in it, you give the enemy your faith. He said the man recognizes it, receives it. Satan sends heartaches. We recognize it and receive it. And if Satan by his power can make his laws work in men, how much more ought God with his power make his laws work in man? If Satan can make his laws be sure and us recognize it, how much more ought God through his children to make his laws be recognized among his people? Amen. How much more we get up and say, I think my throat kind of raspy. I think I think I'm coming down with something. You recognizing it? You're giving it power to live. What about when you feel that little scratch? You say, "The Bible says, "I'm healed." See, you recognize the law of God then versus the law of Satan because the law will work according to how you believe. Somebody say, "Amen." Amen. Listen. He says to make the law of his recognizing meaning in people by divine healing, revelation, power, gift, manifestations of the spirit. Now before I get out of here, let's talk about circumstances. In John chapter 11, a friend of the family of Jesus died. And Jesus was trying to give them uh he sent word after word trying to raise their faith above the circumstances. They came to Jesus said, "Jesus, Lazarus, my brother, he's sick. This that Jesus said, "Okay, all right. I'm coming." They come back and they say, "You know, I'm paraphrasing." They come back, oh Lord, father, he dying. He he he he his heart is fluttering. Jesus said, "Don't worry, I'm coming." And they kept it. They kept on it. Kept on it. Kept on it. Jesus said, "Look, I'm allow this to happen so you can see the glory of God." Amen. That's what all it's about. Circumstances. It's so that you can see the glory of God. But let's look at the circumstances and let's see if the circumstances can stop God. Are you with me? Yeah. Now, we're going to the tomb of Lazarus, but we're going to pull out some circumstances. Jesus gets there. Mary falls down and starts to worship and and mother say, "Lord, we're so glad you're here." And this and that and on and on and and then Martha says, "Lord, if you'd been here, my brother wouldn't have died." And then Jesus said, "This is for the glory of God." He's trying to raise her up. Hallelujah. You know, sometimes you go through something and you ain't told nobody. You get to church and the man of God start preaching on it. What is he trying to do? He's trying to get you to rise above the circumstances. Hallelujah. So now they say, "Oh Jesus, he's been dead four days." How many ever seen a body decompose after four days? It ain't a good sight. worms coming out of it. All kind of stuff. That's a little bit of circumstances. But then they say, "Master, by now he stankketh." That what the Bible say. Hallelujah. Where I'm at. Verse 17. He said when Jesus came and found him and laid him in the grave, four days already dead. Four days stanking, rotten, face sinking in ears probably fall. He ear probably like the body was decomposing and they talked to Jesus a little bit more. And then mother then mother says Lord I know my brother raised again in the day of the resurrection. Before she got there she says Lord if you would have been here my brother see Martha started to look beyond the circumstances and she started to exalt God where he couldn't resist her praise. She was changing the circumstances. What do you do when God comes in the room? Do you keep looking at what's in front of you or looking at what he can do? See, faith cause those things that are not seen as though they are. So Martha started to say, "Lord, if you was here, he would have died. But even now, Lord, she's changing the atmosphere." She's changing the circumstance. She says, "Even now, Lord, you can raise him up." And I can I I can I can see Jesus now like, "Oh, girl, girl, you get Oh, you give me God up in here." Don't talk to me like that. Sister, you know how it is. Your husband come home and you say, "Hey, my big teddy bear. He might have been fighting all that day. When he see that, he like He turned into a pile of mush because of those words of adoration, those words of praise. It changes the circumstances. Hallelujah. That wallet might have been tight, but now it didn't got loose. See, sister, y'all was loud enough. Y'all supposed to say, "Amen." Change the atmosphere. But look now, she begins to speak words and call her faith is her faith is being unlocked. And she's not worried about her brother being dead. All she can see before her now is God. And she starts to put him in position with her words. How many of us know how to put God in position with our words? Hallelujah. And now she says, "Lord, I know he'll raise again in the day of the resurrection." And Jesus said, "I am the resurrection." Where have you laid him? Jesus start walking through the walking walking that way. probably I don't know how long it was but sun beating down and everything. The sun the conditions of the weather couldn't stop him. He was getting there. Hallelujah. And then he get to the get to the tomb. It's stank and smelly and everything. The decomposing body couldn't stop him. None of the circumstances could stop him. Why? Because he was the word. He was the power of God made manifest. Hallelujah. What was he showing him? I put a measure in man that can control death. Amen. He said, "Roll a stone away." They rolled a stone away and that scent came out there like and I can see all the unbelievers running. Jesus looked stood up in front of that tomb and he said, "Lazarus, and skin start to come back, hair start to come back, pupils start to come back. Everything that everything that identified with a a living man responded to the voice of God. Everything that death took away. Hallelujah. The circumstances of death couldn't stop the calling of God when he calls your name. Hallelujah. He called Lazarus. Even bound up Lazarus stood up. None of those circumstances could stop it once God called his name. Amen. Not the the stench, not the unbelief. Hallelujah. Not the the deadness of the tomb, not the Hallelujah. the stone, none of that. When Christ came, it was a situation under control. Why? Because the master was there. And then the prophet of God says, "Oh my, if you got the Holy Ghost, that same power that raised Lazarus from the grave will also do what? Quicken your mortal body." Hallelujah. There's people on the earth right now that can't control death by knowing who they are. Come musicians. cuz I'm closing. Hallelujah. The circumstances. And you can respond by saying, "Amen." The circumstances. Facts. Was Lazarus dead. He was dead. That's a fact. Hallelujah. Was he in the tomb? Yes. Was he dead for four days? Amen. Hallelujah. All that's facts, but did that stop Jesus? None of those circumstances could stop the faith of God because he knew who he was. What about us, church? What about you and I knowing who we are? Whether it be a storm, whether it be a a sickness, whatever, there's a measure in you that God has put in you specifically for whatever you're going through. There was a measure of faith in Noah. Hallelujah. To build a cruise liner. Yeah. I say it like that cuz most of us have been on cruise boats and we marvel like, "Wow, no boat was bigger than that." Come on. [Music] Hallelujah. It Noah boat was holding the world. Hallelujah. And this boat, hallelujah, had no blueprint. It was built by faith. God put a measure of faith inside of him just to hear the word and operate in it and take the people to safety. Hallelujah. But Moses didn't need a boat. There was another measure in Moses. Hallelujah. He wasn't escaping by a boat. He was going to speak to it. Hallelujah. So I say this to say this. Hallelujah. Somebody might operate this way. Somebody might operate that way, but your situation is for you. And God's put a measure of faith in you for that situation, for those circumstances. And the fact of the matter is, we got a word for anything the devil would dish out. Amen. Let's pray. Lord, we love you and we thank you. We praise you, Lord. And Lord, no doubt some of us are going through things right now. And Lord, you you allow those things to come to us, come close to us just to unlock a measure of faith that's already there for that situation. So Lord, help us to trust you, Lord, and to walk in life that you've placed inside of us. Lord God, forgive us for any measures of doubt, Lord. Lord, we pray that the quickening power will continue to quicken that which is in us day by day, hour by hour, minute by minute. Lord, bless this church and the ministries within, the people within. And Lord God, let this word, Lord, be recycled in our hearts, not in our minds, in our hearts, Lord, and let it drop down in a safe place. and let it produce that in which you've already provided before the foundation of the world. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. The church say amen. Somebody say, "Amen." Amen. [Music] Though the ships been better. Make her home. Let's all gather if you could as you sing it. Let's gather. Make our way to the front now. The sails are torn. [Music] I have fallen on my knees as I pray. the raging sea [Music] your home. Yes, Lord. Inspire the storm. [Music] Sing that verse now. The anchor hold. Let's raise our hands to the sher. [Music] Oh, I'm glad to know that you [Music] is and I have fallen on my face. the raing sea for you. [Music] Oh, in spite of the stor. Say that with me, brother. I have journey. I have journey [Music] through the Lord darkness [Music] out on out on the open sea. [Music] By faith alone sight an old sight alone. Yet here's what I know. His eyes and yet his eyes were watching. Oh, lift it up to now. Oh yes. Thank you, Jesus. Oh, the sh is better. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. The raing sees [Music] that sounds good. Raise those hands. Holy anchor. Holy anor. Thank you, Jesus. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. in spite of the stor. Put your hands together for the Lord. Amen. Give him a praise offering. Aren't you glad? Amen. Aren't you glad that we got faith that goes beyond, as brother Diggs title said, beyond all circumstances? Amen. How many are glad to know that when you can't hold you, God holds you. That when you can't keep going, he keeps going for you. Amen. And brother Brandham said that that woman had many, you think of that when brother Diggs was preaching there. He said that woman with that blood issue had many hindrances. He said, "But faith didn't know any of them." Amen. True faith is a revelation from God. You believe that? Amen. We have a lot of prayer requests here we want to get to. Brother Diggs, I'm going to have you come up and pray for How many were blessed by the word? Amen. How many's heart was encouraged tonight? You just want to let the Lord know and let Brother Diggs know thank you. Amen. Why don't we just give a praise offering just for the word? Amen. The word that we heard tonight. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Brother Brad and Sister Sarah Y uh prayer request will be leaving Friday. This is correct, right? This is recent. Okay, good. We'll be leaving Friday for Honduras for 11 days. We'll be in nine services. Please especially especially remember the youth camp over the Easter weekend. We want to remember Brother Brad and sister Sarah. Amen. as they journey there and brother Brad having to minister. Amen. Sister Martha says she has a special unspoken prayer request. We want to remember that need. Sister Deborah Lowry remains in much pain from her back surgery and needs a touch from the Lord. Uh Sister Meredith Lichek, prayer for Hazel who is running a fever tonight, please. And also uh from Sister Deb, uh Deborah Jackson checks it and said prayer request for Miles. He's home with some type of cold. We just want to be remembering him. Um my little baby Miles and also um sister um Snow um many of you got that prayer request um there and just I don't know any update on that at all um if if what the situation is. I know it was pretty dire there. We got a text u back from people in Arizona. Um and so we just want to be remembering that God's the God of the impossible. She had had a situation and and tore her order I think it was and uh and she was in I think they given her a 25% chance to live and uh so when when doctors give up God doesn't Amen. Brother Brandham said that he said uh yes okay says please pray for sister Lorie Snow and family. Yeah she's been rushed back to this back to surgery from the ICU due to an abdominal aortic tear with internal bleeding. currently her situation is critical, but we know that prayer changes everything. Amen. So, we just want to remember Sister Lori Snow there. Amen. And and so, uh that's all the requests we had written down. Maybe you have an unspoken need. You just want to represent. Amen. By an uplifted hand. Brother Diggs, would you come and Yes. Yeah. Memo. Yeah. [Music] She's improving. Praise the Lord. Okay. So, we just want to believe God starts and he also finishes. Amen. Brother Digs, come and why don't you put your hand over on that one beside you and let's just call out to the name of the Lord. I got these requests here, Brother Digs. Conceal them. Amen. The ones we've written down and those unspoken, Brother Digs. Amen. Amen. Let's Let's pray. Lord Jesus, Father God, we bring these prayer requests to you because we trust you, Lord. Yes, we do, Lord. We bring every burden, every care under the umbrella of your grace and your mercy, Lord. And Lord God, there those who are traveling, Lord, and you will bless them as they travel, Lord. And you, Lord, you be the pilot, Lord. You be, Lord God, whatever transportation they may get in, Father. Lord God, and when you get there, you be their protection, Lord, in another land, Lord. And Father, those with sickness in their bodies, Lord, we we know that you're the healer. You are you're our rafa, Lord, that he healthth from all our diseases, from all our sicknesses, Lord. And and Lord, even our sister, Lord, who's who's had a a surgery in her back, Lord. Lord, I pray right now that you would touch the nerve, Lord. the nerve that's causing that pain, Lord, and you'd place it where it's supposed to be, Father God, that you'll be able to get rest, Lord God, and the many other sicknesses and the trials that your people have brought before you tonight, Lord. Lord, we bring it to you, Lord, because we're believers. And as the prophet God say, as we're believers, we're the manifestation of the faith of God. So, Lord, we give back to you what you've already given us. Yes. And now we want to master every circumstance right now by saying Lord we are healed Lord and we are saved Lord and we are delivered because that's how you made us. You gave us dominion Lord and you told us to subdue and multiply Lord and we are the creation of your image Lord God and we knew no fear Lord in that image Lord. So Father you've already brought forth a restoration in Jesus Christ. And as we have received Jesus Christ in our life, that image has restored in us. So, Father God, we just ask that the faith of God be unlocked in every situation, every prayer, every need in this moment right now. In the name of Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Sing it, Brother Tony. Let's sing it again. Oh, I've had visions. I have visions. Do we know that we have that? And I've had dreams and I had dreams [Music] and I've even held him in my hand. Yeah, brother Andrew. But I never knew that knew that they could sleep right through [Music] [Applause] like they were only [Music] praise the sun but the anger. Let's raise our hands now. But the anchor hold the she is better theor [Music] The Soul [Music] [Applause] as I [Music] see the came [Music] inside of the stor. [Music] Amen. We'll take just a minute for testimony. Somebody has something burning upon their heart. You want to give it, Brother Enoch. Amen. This should should be on already, Brother Brad, I think. Go ahead, buddy. All right. So, Tuesday and Wednesday, so yesterday and today, um um I had these two really big tests at school. They're the um two second biggest tests you ever take in my grade. So, um um I went through the first one yesterday and um I got my scores back and I passed with flying colors. And I just finished my second one today and I got my scores back too. pass with flying colors again. Lord, so um two good grades and I'm hoping for more. Amen, brother. Anybody else? Sister Sarah, we'll pass that back to her. Just wanted to thank the Lord for another successful surgery on dad's other eye today. So grateful that's over. Amen. Praise the Lord. Anybody else? Before we go, Sister Melissa, I'll I'll tell Can I interrupt you just one before you? Um, and uh, you can hand that back. Maybe some of you already seen it and heard about it. I happened to be there and, uh, Brother Ron Spencer, who's been battling in 2020, uh, was diagnosed with cancer and then they, uh, they found, uh, he had five, I seen the scans of it, five brain tumors, um, in his head. He had gave him five months to live from that moment. And that's been that's been 5 years ago. So he's been a miracle ever since. They've been just praying and believing and he has to have scans routinely uh constantly to scan to to judge the size of that tumor and and etc. And it and it started giving him some trouble there. I think even those tumors started giving him some uh different uh just different complications with that. He went there Friday. I think it was last Friday for a scan. And I you'd have to see the whole testimony. It's uh it's pretty powerful. But I'll just say that I remember this part of it that the doctor walked in with this scan and said, "I want you to know this is a miracle. You don't have this is your first in five years, your first clean scan. No tumors in your brain at all." We ought to give the Lord a hand clap of praise for that. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Brother Digs, you know what that's all about. Amen. Same God. Sister Melissa, go ahead. I just want to thank God for um last Wednesday I had a little girl get sick and um she's been coughing. The whole class has been coughing. You know, all this going around and she's been coughing for like three weeks. Well, um the class is very chatty under the best of circumstances and with spring break right around the corner, they're just all over the place. And so this particular day had been a day where they were just completely off task all day. And so lunchtime comes and you know they completely forget everything you teach them at lunch and they just do their own thing. And so there's consequences to that and they're well aware of those consequences. So that particular day those consequences would have been to go to the classroom instead of recess and stand at their desk. Um we're limited as teachers what you can do to you know put those little boats in the right direction. So that's one of ours. So um anyway I didn't change my mind. my mind was completely changed for me and instead of there was nothing in myself that said well maybe I'll let him go and you know have a little free time or whatever my mind was changed for me and I took them outside and normally when I take them outside from the cafeteria and I'm saying all these details because it meant so much to me when the events unfolded and even after I started to think about it but instead of um I always take them from the cafeteria to the classroom so they can use the restroom and then go outside and um put their lunch bags and stuff away. And this time I came downstairs and I just took them straight outside and I even told my co um my the other first grade teachers like if we go to to the classroom I know you know we're just going to stay in there. It had been that kind of day and so but I I didn't do that and my intentions were that they were going to have their consequence. So, one of the other consequences that we have to keep the kids, you know, um, where we need them to be is they'll walk the fence line. And so, that's what I told him. I was like, you know, you're going to go outside, you're going to walk the fence line. And so, they were walking the fence line. And as they walked about two little laps around the fence, and as they were coming back towards me, I would ask them a math question, and if they could answer it correctly, they could go. So, you know, as they were coming around, that's what was happening. And, um, there was a couple of kids that were kind of struggling. They hadn't made it around. And the next thing I know, the some of them that had went to play came to me and they said, "Miss Jordan. Miss Jordan." And they said the little girl's name. She went blank. And I was like, "What?" And you know, and I'm looking across the playground and she's on the ground. And I could tell from a distance that things were not right. So I rushed over to her and when I did, I screamed for my other teacher or, you know, called out to her, "Get the nurse now." And uh she was comp I've never really seen anything quite like it, but she was totally not there. She didn't know where she was. She didn't know her name. She her actually I have seen something like it, but it was when Jesse was in the hospital. But anyway, she just she couldn't there was she had no control of her body. So as soon as the nurse got there, she's like, she's, you know, she's having a seizure. So we um called the ambulance and they came and guide her and turned out she had a fever even though it wasn't very high. They think that's what had caused it. But the thing and my co-teer when she, you know, the other first grade teacher when everything settled down, she's like, "Miss Jordan, thank God they wasn't playing." You know, because she's a Christian, too. And she's like, "If she'd have been playing, she would have been on the top of the like jungle gem thing and she probably would have, you know, fallen." It was all the little details. Even if I'd have went to the classroom, and I know this isn't short. I'm sorry, but it means so much to me because if id have went to the classroom and they had been standing at their desk, we have hard floors. If she'd have fallen, you know, I think it would have been much worse. It's all the little things that God put in to make the best case of a bad scenario, you know, and uh she's fine now. She came back to school yesterday and she's doing very well. And I just want to thank God because it could have been very different. Yeah. Praise God. Amen. Thank you, Lord. Amen. We're going to let you go remember service this weekend. Amen. How many will be remembering our brother Diggs? God pour back into him. Amen. Strength for pouring out for us here like this on a Wednesday night. Brother Tony, sing something for us as we go. Bless that wonderful name of Jesus. Sing. Bless that wonderful name of Jesus. Oh, bless that wonderful name of Jesus. There is no other name I know. Well, there is healing in the name of Jesus. Yes, there's healing in the name of Jesus. Oh, there's healing in the name of Jesus. There is no other name I know. Blessed and wonderful name of Jesus. Sing blessed and wonderful name of Jesus. [Music] Well, blessed and wonderful name of Jesus. There is no other name I know where there's saving in the name of Jesus. Saving in the name of Jesus. Oh, there saving in the name of Jesus. There is no other name I know. Send down the rain, Lord. Send down the rain. Send down the letter R. We'll send down the rain, Lord. Send down the rain. Send out the letter R.
