################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-04 - 250604-Jason Watkins Modern Events, Again, Made Clear By Prophecy Part 9 - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-04
Title:   250604-Jason Watkins: Modern Events, Again, Made Clear By Prophecy Part 9
Speaker: Jason Watkins
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrxfZWJJvGo
========================================

[Music] We just stand for a word of prayer. I think this needs batteries or something. Somebody would please. Hello. Testing one two. Thank you, brother. You love the Lord. You happy to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. God is good. I wanted to read Psalms 133. This is a Psalm of David. It says, "Behold, how good and how pleasant it is for brethren to dwell in unity. It is like the precious ointment upon the head that ran down upon the beard even Aaron's beard that went down to the skirts of his garments as the dew of Herman and as the dew that descended upon the mountains of Zion. For there the Lord commanded the blessing even life forever more. Amen. Does it work now? Oh, praise the Lord. you believe his words. Amen. Let's just bow our heads again. And Father, we love you so much. And we just thank you, Lord. I just pray, dear God, that you would anoint these services tonight, Lord, as we sing this song, Lord Jehovah Gyra. Lord, I just pray that it comes from the very depths of our souls. Just help us to sing your praises, Lord, and to lift you up and magnify your wonderful name, Lord. May we be able to feel, Lord, the wings of angels sweep through this place tonight, Father. May we each one, Lord, just with all of our hearts sing songs of praise unto you, Father. May you anoint the word in a special way, Lord. May it truly go down into the marorrow of the bones. And Lord, do the work that your word is so capable of doing. We love you so much, dear God, and appreciate everything you do for us. We just pray and ask these things now in the name of Jesus Christ, our King and our God. Amen. Amen. Jehovah [Music] my proider and you are more than enough for me. [Music] [Applause] Jehovah, [Music] you are our healer. [Music] And by your stripes we have been set free. [Music] Jehovah Sha [Music] and you are with me and you supply and all of my needs. Do you believe that tonight? Oh Lord, you are more than enough. So much more than enough. You are more than enough for me. [Music] Jehovah vagra and our proer and you are more [Music] than enough Oh me [Music] Jehovah, you are my healer [Music] and by your stripes I been set free. Sing it with all your heart now. Ah hope the sha and you are with me [Music] and you supply and all of our needs. Cuz [Music] you you are more than enough. You are more than enough. You are more than enough. [Music] for me just from the beginning. Let's just sing it real softly to him like a love song. Jehovah, [Music] you're our provider. Thank you, Lord, cuz you you are more than enough for me. Jehovah Bara and you are my healer. [Music] And by your stripes [Music] I am set free. [Music] Jehovah Bash and you are with me and you supply and all my knees. [Music] You are more [Music] than enough. Oh, more more than enough. You are more than enough [Music] for me. Amen. The key of G. Brother Andrew. Softly and tenderly. Aren't you glad that you hear that calling? Amen. Well, softly and tenderly Jesus is calling. Calling for you and for me. See on the portals. He is waiting [Music] and watching. Watching for you and for me. [Music] Come home. [Music] Come home. Oh ye who are weary come homeously [Music] and tenderly Jesus [Music] is calling calling. Oh sinner come home. Why should we tear when Jesus is pleading, [Music] pleading for you and for me? Why should we linger and heed he not his mercies? Mercies for you and for me. Come home. Come home. [Music] Ye who are weary come home earnestly tenderly Jesus is calling calling. Oh sinner, come home. [Music] Our time is now fleeting [Music] and the moments they are passing, passing from you and from me. Shadows are gathering. Death's night is coming. Coming for you and for me. [Music] Come home. Come home. Home ye who are weary, come home [Music] earestly, [Music] tenderly Jesus is calling, calling. for you and for me. We give him a hand clap of praise. Brother Chris, come on up, brother. You can play the drums. Brother Aaron, come on over. Found out there's another young man that plays the piano and uh I'm hoping that he can uh come up and help us out here now and again. So, uh, I ask his permission first before I said anything. So, I'll let it be a surprise to y'all when it happens. Anyway, Andrew, you through it all. It's the key of F. Amen. Help us sing this. [Music] I've had questions for tomorrow. There's been times I didn't know right from wrong. You ever been there, friends? But in every situation he gave blessed consolation that through my child come to make me strong. Sing it with him now everyone. Through it all. Through it all, I learned to trust in Jesus. I learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I've learned to depend upon his word. [Music] I've been a lot of places and I've seen a lot of faces and there's been times I felt so all alone. But in my lonely hours, those precious lonely hours, Jesus let me know I was his own. Aren't you thankful tonight? Through it all. Through it all, I've learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, we have learned to depend upon his word. [Music] I thank God for the mountains and I thank him for the valleys and I thank him for the storms he's brought me through. Oh yes. Thank you, Lord. For if I never had a problem, I wouldn't know that he could solve it. I wouldn't know what faith in God can do. Oh, thank you, Lord. But through it all, through it all, I have learned to trust in Jesus. I've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, I have learned to depend upon his word. Sing that again. Through it all, through it all, we have learned to trust in Jesus. We've learned to trust in God. Through it all, through it all, we have learned to depend upon his word. Amen. But Luther, could you come on up? We'll pray over the tithes and the offerings. Let's give him a great big hand clap. Praise to the Lord. God is good. Amen. God is awesome. Amen. Come on up, brother. Praise the Lord. Let's pray. Father, we are so grateful for how you provide for us and take care of us, Lord. And Lord, we just want to thank you for the bounty you give us. And Lord, with a cheerful heart, we want to give back to you that the blessings you've given to us, you will multiply so many times. As our brother prayed earlier, Lord, we pray for the gift of life that it would come forth. Lord, move the man aside. Speak to us, Father. I pray for those that are streaming, Lord. Those that are ill and those that are sick. I pray that you would lift them up, Father, in your grace. For by your stripes, we are healed. Father, remember our brother Joe this evening. Father, facing something in life that Lord would seem insurmountable. Father, we pray for him. Father, give him strength. Lord, we just pray for those streaming, those that are not able to attend the service this evening. Father, I pray that you bless them in a mighty way. Bless the tithes and offerings. I just want to thank you, Lord. I'm grateful for what you've done for me, what you're doing, and what you're going to do, committing myself into your hands in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Praise the Lord, saints. You can be seated. I don't want anybody to forget. You know, if you have change in your pocket, anything, anything at all, just remember to drop it in that building fund thing back there, just in case you forgot. I don't know if all y'all were here when we talked about that building fund, but if we would all just give a dollar every time we came in here, I know that we spend $2 or three dollars at least once a day at the gas station and the grocery store, we get that building fund rolling along. Just wanted to remind everybody when he told you you're not good enough. When he told you you're not right. When he told you you're not strong enough to put up a good fight. When he told you you're not worthy. When he told you you're not loved. When he told you you're not beautiful, you'll never be enough. Fear is liar. He will take your breath, stop you in your steps. serious [Music] liar. He will rob your rest and steal your happiness. So cast your fears in the fire cuz fear he is a liar. When he told you you were trouble, you'll never be alone. He told you you should run away. You'll never find a home. When he told you you were dirty and you should be ashamed. When he told you you could be the one, the grace can never change. Oh, fear. He is a liar. He will take your breath, stop you in your steps. Fear is liar. He will rob your rest, steal your happiness and cast your fears in the fire. [Music] Because here he is a liar. Let your fire fall and cast down all my fear. Let your fire fall. Your love is all I let your fire fall and cast down all my fears. Let your fire fall your love is all I feel fearous liar. [Music] He will take your breath. Stop you in your step. Fear is liar. He will of your rest and steal your happiness. So cast your fears in the fire. Cuz fear he is a liar. Cuz fear is a liar. [Music] Praise the Lord. We have another special tonight. Amen. Aren't you thankful for those that want to sing? I know Sister Lana and I have another special soon, one of these days. I know that she wants to sing again. So, we'll do that soon. I promise. Hi, sweetheart. [Music] [Music] I heard the song tonight. Just pray it's a blessing to you like it was to me. [Music] Oh, some are known by great authority, [Music] for kingdoms as far as eyes can see. In royal robes they rule from thrones. Waging wars they overthrow the weak and call it victory. When my king is known by mercy, [Music] my king is known by grace. for the hope in his name and the power that saves. My king is known by the cross. My king is known by an empty grave. Oh, in all that he does. My king is known by love. [Music] I can almost see him even now. injected with thorns upon his brow. Oh, what kind of king would leave his throne and make my sin and shame his own. But he gave his life for me. Oh, he gave his life for me. My king is known my mercy. Oh my king is known by grace. For the hope in his name and of power that saves. Oh, my king is known by the cross. My king is known by an empty grave. Oh, in all that he does. My king is known by a love that welcomes everyone of his daughters and his sons. And no one will be missing on that day. [Music] My king is known by mercy. My king is known by grace. For the hope and his name, the hand of power that save. Oh my king is known by the cross. Oh my king is known by an empty grave. Oh and all that he does. My king is known by his love. [Music] Oh, his amazing love. [Music] My king is known by love. [Music] His amazing love. [Music] Praise the Lord. Glad to have everybody out on a rainy Wednesday. Praise the Lord. Didn't wash us away this time. And um a lot of times we have to watch those uh storms living here along the ocean. They can come in suddenly and they can be pretty nasty. But uh I think we got by with one today. Amen. and it rained pretty hard out my way and we had some I think some early that's always our problem with storms is our lowlying areas but um I really truly wanted to be at church tonight. Amen. I didn't want to have to cancel it. Of course we would have had it continued but looked like the forecast was going to let up and I think it did. And so we're happy in the Lord for that. We're going to invite you uh into the scripture right away this evening to Revelation chapter 4. Man, that brother Jim. Oh, I'm Is Yeah, I thought so. Praise the Lord, brother Jim. Good to see you. Amen. Ain't seen you in a while. Amen. I thought that's who that looked like. Amen. Happy to have him here with us uh today. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. And your wife, of course. Yes. Amen. Happy to have her. All of you. Revelation chapter 4. We want to continue tonight in our series and just we want to take this ninth installment and I want to set myself up for the weekend. Actually um when I say that I mean not to continue this material tonight. Hopefully the by the will of the Lord. Tonight should conclude this ninth part should conclude if I can get through it all uh should conclude this side of the series which is modern events are again made clear in prophecy. And so uh I want to go Sunday with future events made clear in prophecy. So, amen. That'll actually be um I don't know how the booth will handle that. They'll either call it part 10 and change the title or they'll figure it out. I'll leave that with them. Amen. We're going to look at Revelation chapter 4. Amen. Verse one. After this, I looked, and behold, a door was opened in heaven. The first voice which I heard was as it were of a trumpet talking with me, which said, "Come up hither, and I will show thee things which must be hereafter." Immediately I was in the spirit, and behold, a throne was set in heaven, and one sat on the throne. And he that sat was to look upon like a jasper and sardan stone. And there was a rainbow round about the throne in sight like unto an emerald. And round about the throne were four and 20 seats. And upon the seats I saw four and 20 elders sitting clothed in white raignment. And they had on their heads crowns of gold. And out of the throne proceeded lightnings and thunderings and voices. And there were seven lamps of fire burning before the throne, which are the seven spirits of God. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Father, we thank you for your word tonight. And Lord, now we've come to that allimportant part. And I just humble myself in your presence. And I turn my mind now to this material which you laid upon my heart so strongly, Lord. and I'm just ready now to try to deliver the burden of the word upon my heart to the people. I commit myself into your hands to this end. May you grant it in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you friends. You can be seated. Amen. So we are continuing tonight speaking of modern events are again made clear in prophecy. Um, stand by, brother Mark. Not just don't put that up just yet. Uh, let let us wait till I make some opening comments here. Amen. Otherwise, people will start reading ahead of me and get distracted. Amen. You're going to hear that in just a moment. You got about eight quality minutes. Amen. Amen. Amen. I'm going to I'm going to play you a sound bite from this sermon. It's just about 8 minutes and 20 seconds long. And I'm going to play it right at the beginning because I want to enlarge upon it. And uh I can tell you something. It is so valuable, has proven so valuable to me that if you only get this eight minutes and suddenly you look at your watch and have to leave, you'll still be benefited. Amen. I hope you don't do that. But uh if you do, you'd be you'd be as benefited in the in those eight eight plus minutes as you will Amen. in my entire hour and a half sermon tonight. Amen. No, I won't I honestly won't do that. We'll we'll go just a little bit after uh this quote, but the I want to kind of uh give you just a little bit of background as we lead into it and then I've got uh a statement I want to read. Uh and we're going to take our PowerPoint here in just in a moment. Now, the fourth chapter of the book of Revelation is so important because this is where you are really beginning to see how that God's plan uh was was never for just a lowly Nazarene to walk the shores of Galilee, go about doing good. He did all of that, but that was never God's entirety of God's plan. in fact is they tried to you know bring it to a climax and make Jesus a king and they wanted him to restore Israel and let's get on with it and uh you know Jesus just had already laid down so much prophecy about how that the son of man will be betrayed and fall into the hands of sinners and be killed. There was so much spoken about the Messiah in the Old Testament suffering and and what God would do in future kingdoms to come. It is incredible when you look back and see how uh how unaware even his disciples even his close disciples were to comprehending that though he said it though he said it very clearly and he would say things like now what I do now you don't understand but you'll you'll know hereafter and the Bible actually follows on with that and later on you find a Bible where the disciples come to an awakening and they go then remembered they his words, how he had said this, that and the and the other. And so, you know, it it goes to show you friends that, you know, you can you can be a child of God, you can be the elect lady, you can be right in the plan of God, but the Holy Spirit still has to in his time and in his season unwind it and unfold it to you. So, we realize that Jesus had spoken quite a bit about a coming kingdom. And he was not uh he was not just going to uh go to the throne without Calvary. And neither was he going to just go to Calvary and die there. He was going to go into a tomb, but he wasn't going to stay there. He was going to rise, but he wasn't just going to stay with them. Although he stayed for about 40 days, he was going to ascend. And he wasn't just going to ascend. He was going to then return his spirit back into the church and that was going to be the the continuation of the ministry of the son of man in that early church. Now remember, as we've taught you before, there's a distinction to be made between the office of son of man and the ministry of the son of man. The office of son of man is the prophet. The ministry of the son of man is a broader term that means the word made flesh. So this is why brother Brandon would talk about the church on the on the day of Pentecost that now the word was once again made flesh in the earth. It started out with 120 people. Next thing you know it's in the thousands. Next thing you know it's in many thousands. Next thing you know it spreads in through Jerusalem and Judea and Samaria and ends up going to the uttermost part of the earth. This was not an accident. Amen. That was what what they were experiencing in their day in their day. They were experiencing modern events made clear in the Old Testament. They were experiencing modern events that Jesus was prophesying all the way through his first pull, his second pull. There were things they had already fulfilled in his first pull. In his second pool, he had said to them, you know, uh, you'll deny me. And they said, "We'll never deny you." He said, "Oh, Peter, you'll deny me three times before the can even crow." And so, you know, he he he he made all of these points about what would happen. He gave parables how that, you know, a king went away and then they sent after him saying, "We won't have this man to be ruling over us." So, he finally comes down to the end of his ministry and now he's operating in his third pull and he's taking the disciples aside and he's breaking bread and he's saying, "Take, eat. This is my body and this is my blood. Drink you all of it. It's my blood in the New Testament. Now under the third pull under the third pull of his ministry, he's prophesying. It's not just receive you the Holy Ghost when he breathed upon them, but now he's actually taking the next step and he's working a prophecy out that they don't quite understand. They still don't believe he's going to die. They still don't want any part anything to do with that. But it won't be very long before they all desert him. just and they actually became a modern event. Amen. Of things that he prophesied. Let me tell you something, friends. On the day of Pentecost, that was a a dynamic fulfillment of a prophecy that Jesus had given. He says in St. John 17, he breaks the whole thing down in 15:16 and how that the spirit of God is going to come. And he's not even praying for the world, but on those whom God had given to him. And on the day of Pentecost, they literally are becoming the word made flesh. They are modern events. They themselves are modern events. It's not just about, oh, the Holy Ghost came that fulfilled a prophecy. They became the prophecy in flesh. A prophet went around the world seven times. First pull, second pull. But there were things that he began even before the seals. You're going to see here in a couple of quotes we're going to use tonight. even prior to the seals 1958 1960 he's starting to talk about the ministry of the morning star and the and and we we dealt with this last Sunday how that the ministry of the morning star is that which reflects the light of the sun that's why we talked about how that the morning star was Venus and and and we we we kind of we kind of you know the Bible says no man hath seen God at any time no man hath seen Venus at any time because it's surrounded uniquely among all the other planets It's surrounded by a cloud and that cloud reflects the light of the sun and that's why it's called a morning star and an evening star and it's the same star. And so you have the the cloud of witnesses down through seven church ages and they have been a reflection of God's light. But don't forget that you are the final reflection. You are that that consummation of the ages. Everything that has been prophesied by Jesus by the apostles written down in the book of revelation and a prophet in this day goes first pull second pull third pull and you are now that's why I keep telling you it when we say modern events I'm not I'm not limiting that to what's happening in the white house or Trump or the Vatican or this pope and American pope those are all just signs like Jesus said this sign and this sign and this sign it needs to be the the the end is not yet but these are the beginning of sorrows but I'm here to tell tell you the last sign that the world would see was when not just a prophet would would would be a a final voice, but a whole bride body. It wouldn't just be a prophet operating discernment. It would come into a third pool. And it wouldn't just be a bride speaking words or operating gifts or miracles in their life. They would be in their life a modern event, the most modern event. Amen. Amen. Because to to be able to come to the image of Christ, I'm here to tell you something, friends. The age has made that impossible. It's Satan's Eden. He's the God of this evil age. It's the days of Noah, the days of Lot. It's the the sin and perversion is everywhere. The church has kicked Christ out. The age has been indicted. Amen. Amen. There's no chance for the bride of her own accord, no matter what she would try to do, to become and have that capstone come down upon her. I'm here to tell you, you are becoming that because that's the strength and the power that is in the word of God that you're feeding on. Amen. And therefore, if you're not feeding on it, then no wonder your life uh spits and sputters. No wonder we find ourselves up and down, in and out. I feel close to God. I don't feel so close to God. I feel close to God. Uh well, when do you feel close to him? Well, on Wednesdays and Sundays. What about Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday? Well, I just need to get back to church. Oh, he's looking for you to have church every day. He's looking for that kind of relationship. That is what is being produced in this modern day. We are modern events. We are the most We are the cutting edge of a modern event made clear in prophecy. The prophecy is that at the end time the spirit and the bride would speak in a unified voice and say come. The invitation to the world is coming from Christ through his bride. Amen. Modern events are not something that's happening in politics. You are the most modern event. Amen. Yeah. In fact is you're not only the most modern that's going to make you the last. You're the last generation of Gentiles that will ever be in the earth that are literally the visible image. You are no man hath seen God at any time, but the only begotten son hath declared him. Now the bride is declaring Christ who declared the father. Oh my friends, this is the hour that we have arrived at. Now brother Brandham is coming here in 1960 and I want you to just take a listen. I I had no intention to play this. Sister Debbie was playing it today. I was in my office working on on the material and I got so caught up in this certain part of this little eight minute segment. Brother Brandham is in a prayer line. He's already preached his sermon. He's coming to a prayer line. He's going to deal with three people. He's going to deal first with a woman and then by by extension her husband and then he's going to come to another woman. And he doesn't know either one of them. And then he's going to come to a third and it's a man who he does know. And I want you just to listen and just absorb for a moment what what God did. And this is even this is just 1960. This is what God sent into the earth. So you know to me I I just couldn't help but but feel this way and I I want to say this in the right way. There is a lot of opposition to the mess, what we call the message of the hour. There is a a lot of opposition to William Brandham as a man. There's a lot of things that get said and I just simply just say, "Okay, well, take a listen to this and tell me where else you see this kind of ministry and tell me, try to read your Bible and tell me it wasn't prophesied to be here and then it is here and it matches." Amen. Amen. So people are going to think what they want and they just can think what they want and God gives them every opportunity and every possible chance. But I want you just to listen for a moment because I I had such a benefit. I just will say this and I just will say this to parents as a from a small boy. I had I feel so rich in my mind and in my heart because I had a mother who just played the tapes of God's prophet all the time out loud in the house. She'd raise up the windows. You could hear it out playing out in the yard. Come in the house, you're hearing it. And I and I just I trust that that these children and these young people are actually not hearing about a prophet, but are they actually hearing that voice? Are our teenagers actually hearing the voice? Are your children actually hearing that voice? Ask yourself, amen. I'm here to tell you today that I am greatly benefited by the fact that even as a small child, I was raised up hearing the incredible, supernatural, mindbogling things like you're about to hear. And this is just three people out of tens of thousands. All right, brother Mark, let's go with it and let the text run with it. Now you see where I stand. There's 150 people here. I said this before tens of thousands and hundred thousands and as many as 500,000 at one time where they're sitting there with atheists, unbelievers, infidels, snake handlers, and everything else. He won't fail. Now, he's got to prove that he's a God of the Bible or he isn't the God of the Bible. Think about that. And if he is a God of the Bible, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. If he can tell this woman what she's here about, I never seen her. Or tell her something she knows I don't know nothing about. If he can tell her what she's here for, like he did the woman at the well. If he can explain to her something she knows, if I don't even know her and she don't know me, then here we are standing here for the first time in life. Surely that would shake you so hard till all the fog will go away from you. May he grant it is my prayer. Nowise the lady that's here uh to be prayed for. Jesus I want each one to believe now. Thank you Jesus. Now not knowing the lady I would just uh like to talk to her just a moment as our Lord did the the woman at the at the well. Praise just in order to contact her spirit. Thank you Jesus. Now, we are probably uh we've never met before, but yet the Lord knows you and he knows me. If he could tell me what you have come here for to ask me about something that that you know and I don't know nothing about you. Now, if he's sent you here and brought me here to maybe can explain to you or he can speak through me and tell me what you come up this platform for, would it make you believe him? it would make you believe it. Now I see the audience said they believe. Now here we are ready for something to happen if God's still God. The same thing that Jesus Christ did. I can see the lady now. She wants me to pray for her eyes. She's got something wrong with her eyes. Thank you, Jesus. Now, that wasn't a guess. That's right. Dear Jesus, her sight's failing her. Jesus. And she wants to be prayed for her eyes. That's the truth. That's if that's right. Wave that handkerchief to him, sister. Bless your name, Lord. I never seen her before in my life. What did that? What did that? She seems to be a nice person. You think I guess that? All right, we'll see. Lord, we praise your name. Now, lady, that the all suspicion might be taken out of this church from hence forth. that when brother Ruddle preaches that Jesus Christ the same yesterday and forever that it might be known by this pulpit that Christ Jesus manifested his glory prove it to be so now thank you Jesus yes I see she's her eyes is going bad it's a stigmatism that's in her eyes and another thing she's got something wrong with she's got a she's had an operation of some sort that's made a great scar a tissue she isn't from this city. Neither is she from this state. She's from Kentucky. That's right. And she's got a daughter. She wants prayed for a little girl about 8 or 10 years old. She wants prayer for that daughter because the daughter's up for an operation. That's thus sayeth the Lord. Hallelujah. See if that's true or not. Was that true, lady? If that's true, wave that hand to the people. She's almost 6 years old. It's a little girl. All right. You believe that God can tell me what your name is? If God here, I'll tell you something else. Here comes a man standing by the side of you. Thank you, Jesus. That's your husband. Thank you, Jesus. He's standing right back here. That's right. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, He's also needing healing. He's got rheumatism. That's right. Thank you, Jesus. Your name is Camper. Thank you. That's right. And you're from Kentucky. Go back down to Kentucky and receive. Take that handkerchief. Laid it on the child. Believe it. Amen. G. You believe with all your heart. That's almost an encyclopedia of the woman's life. Uh, hold my hands. I never seen her before in my life. [Music] Now see what did he touch? What did he do? He touched that high priest. He touched that one that can be touched by the feeling of our infirmity. Now healing is God's own witness, his own glory. All right. You I believe you're a stranger to me. I don't believe I know you. God knows you. If God will reveal to me what your trouble is or what you want, whether it's sickness, domestic, or whatever it might be, you'll believe with all your heart, will you, lady? Now, here's another lady that I do not know, and she does not know me. We're total strangers to one another. This is our first meeting time in life. But if the Holy Spirit can come present, come in here now and tell us of something about this woman. Now, to heal her, I could not do that. God did that when he died at Calvary. If she's a sinner, I could not save her because Jesus did that. That's already finished. But he can come in the presence of his being to show that he is still alive and his works are still real to make it real to him. If we can believe if thou can't believe all things are, if you can just believe now, [Applause] don't doubt. Somebody feeling good. Just that's all right. I was going down through the state of Kentucky the other day. I heard a man coming up through the bushes screaming. I said, "Is that man, what's the matter with him?" said he's just drunk and feeling good. So is this man, but he's drunk on a different day. Just drunk and feeling good. So be not drunk upon strong drinks, but be drunk on the spirit, said the Bible. God. Now, this woman here being a stranger, if God can tell her what her trouble is or something about her that she knows that I do not know, let her be the witness, she'll know whether it's true or not. That right, lady, would it help you if God did that? Now, to heal you, sister. If I could do it, I'd do it. But I can't. I'm just a man. But the lady is sure to be prayed for. She's got a gallstone condition. That's right. And she's also got diabetes. That's what she want prayed for, is it, lady? That's right. Raise up your hand so the people can see. You believe God could tell me who you are. Would that help you? It would. Now, Miss Johnson, go back and take your seat and be healed if you believe it in the name of the Lord Jesus. If you can't believe, I don't know what's wrong. There's something wrong. Don't you see the sunlight is shining? That's the same thing Jesus Christ did. Amen. Hallelujah. I know this man. I was his mother-in-law shirt and and I know his wife. I haven't seen him for a long long time. His name is James Mars. But I don't know what he's here for. I don't know what's wrong with him. I haven't seen Jim in so long. But I He know me and I was a little boy. But Jim, if the Lord can reveal to me what you're here for, will you accept it as you believe then you'll get what you ask for? Amen. You're here for a son. It's a mental condition. He'll be healed. Amen. Believe it now. [Applause] I know this lady. She's the wife of a very dear friend of mine. Her name is Yeah. Amen. Praise God indeed. Amen. Amen. I tell you what, uh that's the kind of I I don't you know, Brother Jim, God bless you, but Southern meetings go like that often. Amen. We uh we love the movement of the Holy Spirit and of course I know they do as well up there. I've been there many times up around Lime, Ohio. And the spirit of God moves all over the place. But I'm going to tell you something, friends. This was not something that was done in a corner. And you wouldn't imagine it would be so because God is about, he's demonstrating a prophecy that was one of the oldest prophecies still on the records that after seven church ages and 2,000 years still hung in in in the atmosphere waiting for fulfillment, waiting for that ministry. uh like like it was when Abraham met him there in the in uh in Ger and he literally can discern the secrets of the heart. Now you can you can say tonight and say well okay fine for a brother Brandham but that's I'm not going to go and hold prayer lines and that's fine because you're not in the office of son of man but you are still in the ministry of the son of man. You're still to make the word alive. You don't need brother Brandham's gift there and being able to know those things that that was only an attraction. What what what what was the real kernel of the whole thing was that the word of the life of Christ was being on display and while a while while the Christian world was going away from holiness, going away from the power of God, not power to create a squirrel or speak a storm that that that accompanies it, but a power to be a lived life to actually have the voice of the resurrection speaking through your life. Amen. Amen. I find and I want to turn a corner now because I find that I now that I've got that in your mind, I I I want to bring this point to you that it it was not just William Brandham's uh office and calling that made him a great Christian man or made him the kind of prophet that this age would need. It was not was not it was never those things that did that. It was a life not just because he was a prophet but it was a life of dedication, a life of consecration, a life of humility, a life of sincerity. And I don't care in what low tones you speak in or you are or what how humble your clothing may look. You're not a humble person if you won't let your life be lined up by the word of God. Amen. If you won't allow I'm going to say it again. And it doesn't matter how humble your clothing might be. You might drive an old junker. You might speak in low t tones and walk with your head staring at the ground. That doesn't make you humble. That just makes you religious. Doesn't even make you spiritual. But what makes you spiritual? What is God is looking for is somebody who will take the word and say, "I believe it and I I believe it. I'm going to prove I believe it by allowing it to control my life." Amen. In a world when so many other things are pulling and vying to control your life. Amen. Brother Brandham here he goes on and I think I've got control of that. All right, I'll catch it in a second. So, Brother Brandham comes to a quote here and uh and and this is um this is from 1958, two two years prior to the to the little part you just heard. And brother Brandham says, you know what is it? It's the glory of God. It's the power of God. The shadows are falling. Christ is appearing. That's why signs and wonders are appearing. Two years later, when the events of what you just heard unfolded, he's already qualifying what's about to happen here in advance and saying, "Here's what's happening. Signs and wonders are appearing. What if after 1958 it would have went dry and the well would have went dry and everything would have just went flat and William Brandon would have become an intellectual and all we were as an intellectual group of people in another denomination. But literally he's he's showing that's going to be impossible. There will be no way to make this into a denomination because this is the evening time. That's why signs are appearing. The great shadows are are falling. Christ is appearing. That's why signs and wonders are appearing. It's that great sunlight reflecting off the morning stars. Amen. With healing in his wings. And if he will bring healing from the reflection of his presence, what will he do when he comes in person? These corruptible bodies of ours will be changed and made like unto his own glorious body. What will it what will it be when he comes? Until he comes, we are thankful for the sunlight of his presence. as the morning stars do climb the ramparts of glory and setting there to hail his coming in this dark hour and it wasn't even all that dark by comparison are is your life hailing the appearing you understand so it's not about can we get in a prayer line and discern the secrets of heart that's just that's just a bait on the fish's hook what God is trying to get is a people like that first church and who had the word living through their lives lives. Amen. And and this is why brother Brandon would make statements like, you know, when when Satan sees a son, a son or daughter of God, a child of God coming down the street, said demons howl and faint. Amen. Amen. Sometimes I wonder, are demons howling and fainting at my approach, or are they running to me like a familiar friend? Come on, friends. Let's be honest. Sometimes I wonder, Lord, where's my life in all of this? I I want to see more of the Holy Spirit controlling my life. I want to see more of the of the influence of the word of God. I want to see where I mean, you know, where we don't we don't I love Wednesday nights because it's like a a tank up in the middle of the week. You can top your tank off. But let me tell you something, friends. I love it for that reason. But I want to see him on Thursday and on Friday and on Saturday. And when I come in on Sunday, I'm already soaring like an eagle. Praise God. Demon spirits should not corral around you like a familiar friend. They should be howling and fainting at your approach. Amen. Now, a little bit of background. I just want to tell you a story. I'm not going to read all the all the quote. Brother Brandon, when he's saying this about morning stars, the whole thing is based on a story that he had just told about a little four-month-old baby that had gotten cancer inside of its jaw. And brother Brandham said uh a man called him as a brother Argites. He called him as a Spanish man and he said he and brother Brandham answered the phone and he told the case my he's only four years old brother Brandham and I brought him here to see if you could pray for him. You know I can't get to you and brother Brandham says I'll come to you me and brother Argabbrite. You talk to brother Argite he'll this is his city. He'll get the uh the directions and we'll come pray. And they did. They met and they met at the hospital and brother Brandham goes into the hospital and he he begins to tell how that he how that he says the nurse was standing there and I looked down at the little fellow and I thought Lord what would you do if you were standing here see and so it was a very very very pitiful case I don't even want to read the details because it's it's just too heart-wrenching I thankfully it had a good ending but but he but he talks about how that this cancer had grown and it had pushed his tongue and his jaw and it was closing off his airways and they had they had cut a hole and put a little thing in his throat and and so it would weeze. Brother Brandham said it would just weeze as he would draw in to take a breath. You could hear it wheezing and they would constantly have to suction it out. And it's four months old. You can't get more innocent than a four-month old child. And so so we find that he said that daddy he said he just laid over him you know daddy's little boy oh daddy brought brother Brandham to pray for you and when he said daddy's little boy he said my spirit just left me I couldn't stand it any longer I had to hold to the side of the bed daddy's little boy brother Brandham had suffered such tragic loss of his own children and his own first wife and he had been through such hard tri such hard trials and he said the little fellow yet youth ful as he was. Note, it was his daddy. He started wheezing like that, his little arms like that, and him trying to pat the little fellow on the head. Poor little baby born in that condition. I couldn't speak. You just get so full, you just can't say nothing. I looked down and seen them little bitty hands out from under those big splints and making a wheezing noise. And I thought, isn't that pitiful? And after I got kind of round to myself enough to think something, I thought, Jesus, do you mean that you get pleasure out of seeing that? I can't believe it. I can't believe that you get glory out of that little baby suffering like that. It just can't be. If it makes if it makes me a sinner feel like I do to toward that baby, what does it do to you? The resource of all mercy. What must it do to you? And I said, "No word yet." And he was trying to play with it and get it quiet and its little body, little diaper, and and little body not over that big and its head with just the biggest part. his jaws all swollen out so big and they had something around his head to keep his little head from bursting like and he said his jaws was swollen so to keep it like that to keep that from bursting and the nurse was standing there now watch friends I'm coming to something amen brother Brandham in this sermon is going to talk about morning stars and this is the real challenge to be a morning star in this darkened age and he says and the nurse was standing there and I I looked down at the little fell and I thought Lord what would you do if you were standing here now. I realize I'm in the pull pit and I realize that God is present, but it seemed to me that something spoke down in my soul and said, "I'm waiting to see what you're going to do about it." Amen. I gave my authority to the church. There you come back again to say to this mountain, you remember the problem, the pro the trial brother Brandham had over that scripture. Remember we preached on it? They're in the woods. Who are you? What do you want? About to go crazy if you say to this mountain. He said, I'm waiting to see. He said, I gave my authority to the church and I'm waiting to see what you're going to do. I wonder if that's his attitude towards us all the time that he's waiting to see what we're going to do. What about the signs of the time we've just been preaching about? What would he do? Oh, what would he do? We say, "What would Jesus do? He's waiting to see what we will do. Well, I got this little baby's hand just as just in my fingers like that. It was so little. And I said, "Lord, hear the prayer of your servant." And by faith that I believe that you are, I place between this demon of cancer and the baby's life, the blood of Jesus Christ. Between the killer and the baby, the blood. By faith, I placed that. And I couldn't say nothing else. I just turned around and started walking out. The father followed me. He says it on down. He says, "And I went up to the house and in the matter of a few hours, them jaws went down and his tongue went back to its normal place. God healed that little fella and they were removing the whistle that morning that I left out of his throat. It alarmed the whole West Coast." Praise the Lord. The man tried to bring Brother Brandham some tithing and brother Brandon wouldn't take it. He said, "You give that to pay the doctor bill." He said, "The doctor told me he's not going to charge me cuz he didn't heal the baby. He said some other power healed this baby." And the doctor refused to even take money for it. I'm here to tell you something, friends. Now, what do you think when he comes down just a number of paragraphs later and he says, "This is the time of the morning stars. What are we doing about it, friends? I I know what William Brandham did about it. I I know what Paul did. I know what Luther did. I know what Wesley did. What are you and I doing about it?" Amen. He's waiting. He's waiting to see what we'll do about it. It struck me. It struck me that all brother Brandham did was by faith he placed the blood of Jesus between the cancer and the life of the child. Amen. And he just said, "I place it there in the name of Jesus Christ." And walked out. No thunder, no lightning, nobody in a meeting screaming, you know, nobody drunk on the spirit having a good time. He just said by I couldn't even speak. I couldn't do anything. He He didn't see a vision. He just says, "I just place the blood of Jesus Christ between this demon and between the life of the child." And within hours, I'm going to tell you something, friends. That's the real ministry of the morning star. Hallelujah. When I was listening to that, I was listening to it very early in the morning some days ago. It affected me so deeply and I thought, Lord, you know, you'll come in such a a way uh and make me feel so challenged just listening to this quote there in the darkness of the living room. And I was just listening to brother Brandham talk about that and and this is the ministry of the morning star. And I just thought, my goodness, Lord, that's exactly what I've been preaching on. And I I'll be honest with you, friends, if I'm just going to be honest, I might as well be honest completely. I I got I felt so anointed that I I thought I know what Peter feels like. I I the whole room got so charged. I I felt like saying like Peter, Lord, go away from me. I'm a sinful man. It was such a power of God that dropped down and I just right then and there, I said, Lord God, come what may, I want my life to reflect that morning star. I want to have that in my life, Lord. And I'm I want to whatever the price is, you teach me. You show me. I want to pay it. I want to be a modern event. I want to be the event in the modern day. The last cutting edge right on the line defending the gospel declaring the appearing of the son of God. our fifth church age, our fifth age messenger, Martin Luther, brother Brandham said of him in the Sardisian age, and I'm good on time. I got 15 minutes. I could I I think I can get there. Um Oops. Turn it on. So, here here's the quote. Uh what is it? It's the glory of God. It's the power of God. The shadows are falling. Christ is appearing. That's why signs and wonders are appearing. It's that great sunlight reflecting off of the off the morning star with healing in his wings. And if he'll bring healing from the reflection of his presence, what will he do when he comes in person? These corruptible bodies of ours will be changed and made like into his glorious body. What will it be when he comes? until he comes. We are thankful for the sunlight of his presence as the morning stars do climb the ramparts of glory and setting there to hail his coming in this dark hour. Martin Luther was one who who hailed the true Christ and and with only a fraction of what you and I have with was one single he was a trinitarian. He didn't even have holiness completely in place, but he understood he and he he he didn't even understand all of his teachings aren't exactly correct, but he understood that the just shall live by faith. He looked back in the Old Testament and he found that promise that the just shall live by their faith. And he realized that Paul picked that up out of the Old Testament and brought it to the church in the New Testament. And Martin Luther said it's never changed. So if if I'm going to be on a modern event made clear, then I've got to preach the just shall live by faith. Everybody who was not accepting of that message were not a modern event. They were a past event. Brother Brandham said he was a mighty preacher and teacher of the word and insisted especially in his first years of public imminence that the word was the sole criterion. This is speaking of Luther. Thus he was against works as a means of salvation and baptism as a means of regeneration. He taught the mediation of Christ apart from man and was the original and Pentecostal concept. I love that. That was what the original Pentecostal concept was. He um he was a man. Now listen to this. How was mo how was Luther a modern event made clear? How did he end up not being a past event? Amen. made glare. Yeah. So, you know, he's he wants to be a modern event made clear. I want to be a modern event made clear, not a past event made in as a glare. Amen. He was a man given to much prayer and had learned that the more work he had to do. Hello, Leodysian men. Come on. Come on. Here in this western civilization, we're all chained to Pharaoh's chariot. We spend half of our lives uh slaving away at it. And and look, and Martin wasn't no different. He and he said he he was a man given to much prayer. And he learned he didn't know this at first, but he learned it that the more work he had to do, the more sorely he was pressed for time, the more of his time he gave to God in prayer. Wow. Seems counterintuitive. Seems like, man, you ain't hardly got time. He didn't just He didn't just maintain a prayer life under his busy load. He increased it. Amen. Watch what he knew. Here's his secret. Here's his secret. You want the secret of Martin Luther? He learned that the more work he had to do and the more sorely he was pressed for time, the more of his time he gave to God in prayer in order to ensure satisfactory results. So you have to decide, do I want to have results or do I want to have satisfactory results? John Wesley was a a great man, our sixth age messenger. He traveled a quarter of a million miles. He's said to have traveled a quarter of a million miles on horseback. Amen. Preaching all across up and down across uh England and Ireland. A quarter of a million miles. I I I was looking at the other day to think how many miles have I flown around the world globally around the world on jumbo jets for for 30 plus years and I'm barely can can make this class. He did that on a horse. Amen. And over his lifetime he is credited with with preaching as many as 45,000 sermons. Wow. If I preach three times I did the math here some time ago. I think I shared it with you. If I did the two to three times a week, I think I even gave myself a little extra boost because I preach online and I said if I preach three times a week, I forget how many decades that I I thought I I think I was three to four decades of doing that. And I still would barely cracked this number, maybe even half of it. Amen. And here's a man who drove who rode horseback a quarter of a million miles and preached as many as 45,000 sermons. And the Bible said the the the history says that he was at the mines every morning at 5:00 a.m. I'm sitting in my 5:00 a.m. chair. Wesley was already at the mines preaching to the miners as they went into work. He was a man known I read his memoirs. He was a man known for not being able to to loaf and waste time. In fact is he was so fanatical with it that when he would get in the bed at night, he got very convicted because it took him a half an hour to fall asleep and he thought that was a great waste of time. He could be serving God instead of laying there 30 minutes trying to go to sleep. So he started getting up a half an hour earlier. And then when he got up a half an hour, I think he started out at like something like six or seven o'clock. And so he started getting up at like now instead of six, he started getting up at 5:30. And he said, "I found that I still laid there at night about 20 minutes." And this was untenable to me. I read it. I read his memoirs. And so he started getting up a half an hour earlier. And now he's getting up at 5:00 a.m. And he said, "I found that I still laid there about 10 minutes and I couldn't fall asleep. This was," he said, "This is ungodly. I can't have that in my life. I can't lay here 10 minutes to fall asleep. I should be doing something for the Lord. We think we have busy schedules. He started getting up at 4:30 and he said, "I found that I still laid there five minutes." And this drove the poor brother crazy. He said, "So I started getting up at 4." And he said, "I found that when I woke at 4, I laid my head on my pillow at night, I fell instantly asleep. Wow. 45,000 sermons. Brother Jason, imagine how many times he opened his Bible. I mean, if you're going to preach, you're going to actually preach. You're already opening it 45,000 times just to preach. Imagine how many times he sat down and opened his Bible or or had his nose in his Bible. Amen. Amen. Are you thoroughly impressed? You know, I I I have this trainer that I've been trying to I'm not very good at it. I sent but fortunately I was able to help somebody when we were out we were out of town. Travis got up and he was he had a really stiff back and he he said, "Man, I could see how he was moving. He's barely I could barely move." And I said, "Hey, T, I'm going to show you something." I said, "I learned this. I got a this trainer guy that I watch on YouTube. He's my age. That's why I watch him because he don't push me too hard. And and and so he's got this thing where and you probably seen there's there's dozens of them. Once you watch one, the algorithm see and then they start flooding you with them. And everybody they come on with if you'll do this you know if you'll do this and you know his video starts if you'll do this if you'll just lay flat on your back and you know raise your knees and then and then uh cross one foot up over on your knee and then ro keeping this part of your body rotate your lower hips over till that foot lays on the floor. It'll it'll release thoracic pressure. It'll stretch glute muscles. It'll stretch all of that. And it works. I've did it. And I showed Travis and I said, "And then you switch and if you'll just do this and put your foot on that knee and then rotate that one over while it's on your other knee, rotate it till I'd show you a demonstration, but I'm preaching." And and put your foot flat on the floor. See? Yeah. Exactly. And so I Chris used to be my trainer, but he's so rough on me, man. I I had to fire him. And no, that's not really true. And then he goes on, "If you'll extend your legs from the tabletop position, you will stretch out your hamstrings and improve your knee health. If you put your hand behind your head and and you're in a in that position and do like that and then twist," he said, "then then this will actually improve your thoracic spine mobility." He's got all of these things if you'll do this. If you'll do this, if you'll do this, and I thought, "Well, you know, if you'll do this, Amen. Could I say to you tonight, Paul said exercise is worth a little bit, but they got all of these all of these tens of thousands of talking gurus who get online and say, "If you'll do this, if you'll just do this, if you'll get in this position and stretch this out, if you'll put your hand up here, I wonder if they'll do that." I want I wonder what it's going to take to make us morning stars. I can tell you it has nothing to do with rotating on on a floor exercise. If you'll do this, if you'll do this, how many times has he gonna read his Bible to preach 45,000 times? He rides it on horseback a quarter of a million miles. Amen. If you'll do this, if you'll do this, why don't you try that? Why don't you try this and this and this and this? Amen. Have some better friends. That's FF Bossworth. Have some better friends. Hey, try this one. Dedicate your life. Enlist in the royal service of others. I'm not here to say, "Oh, if you'll do this, you can release your thoracic. If you'll do this, you can release this muscle." I'm here to tell you, if you'll find yourself praying, if you'll find yourself in your Bible, if you'll find yourself in the royal service, if you'll find yourself with better friends, oh, I'm here to tell you something, friends. We could have a whole church of morning stars. We could show and prove by not by a discernment line. Not by bringing all of that back. God already did that. Took it around the world all those times. It didn't convert the world. It's not going to convert the world. The gospel didn't come to convert the world. It came to be a a declaration to declare the father. Jesus already knew this world is passing away. This world is not my home. I I'm going to preach on that this Sunday. Friends, I'm here to tell you I'm looking for a world. And while I'm here, I want my life to be a modern event made clear in prophecy. Amen. Let's stand to our feet, friends. If that's the real desire of your heart tonight to say, "Lord God, I've I've taken nine sessions and shown us and proven by the Bible that none of these things that are happening are accidental. They cannot be accidental. It's impossible. We've we've named too many to make them accidental. And we've taken you through Daniel's visions and shown you the types and show it to you in modern headlines and took you through the woes and the world and the world wars. and we brought it down to our day. And then we we hit I was it in part seven or part 8. I had to come here the very next morning and declare a 71-year-old prophecy of a pope from the United States. Not from America cuz America's North America, Central America, South America, but from the United States. This day that scripture is fulfilled in your hearing. We have arrived, my brothers and sisters. We have arrived at that hour when it's time for the morning stars to rise and say, "Lord God, oh I want to be a morning star, Lord Jesus, I raise up my hands before you tonight, Lord, in front of this people. Oh, I want to be a morning star. Lord, I realize that that you set that as a pattern for your whole church body. No man hath seen God at any time. The only begotten hath declared him, Lord Jesus, it's impossible. You're God is a spirit. He has to have a manifestation. He's manifested in Christ, but he's now manifested in Mrs. Jesus Christ. And she is declaring the approach of the son of God. She is declaring it in her life, Lord, that there are not any more ages. She is declaring in her life that we're in the end of the last one. She's declaring it in her life that the world cannot and will not just go on and on and on. We are the last generation that will ever be in history, Lord. Oh, I want to be I want to be bright and shining. Oh, Lord Jesus. I want my whole life, Lord God. I don't want Satan to feel familiar around me, nothing doing. Lord, I want to see them howl and faint at the approach of the saints of God of Bethl Tabernacle. May you grant it in our lives, Lord. [Music] May you grant it. I realize when I look back upon the lives of these great men, when I look at our fifth age messenger, our sixth age messenger, our seventh age messenger, it it wasn't because they were a star in your right hand. That was the office they held. That was pre-ordained by God Almighty. They didn't even have a selection in that. But Lord, what they did choose, like Paul said, you you you had called him as an apostle. You had called him as a servant, not man. Paul said that I wasn't I wasn't called by men. He called himself a an apostle. Nobody made him that. He didn't make himself that. But brother Brandham said when he wrote Paul a servant, he said now he said that's something you have to do. You can be called an apostle. You can be called a servant. You can be called a child of God. but to be a servant of God. Paul, a servant of Jesus Christ. That's as brother Brandham said that Paul had to decide to do that. Lord, I pray tonight that this this series as we bring it to this portion of it, at least this angle of it on the modern events of the world. No doubt, Lord, if if any more years would carry on, we might end up having to update this once more. [Music] But I I can't help but wish that my next time I update this sermon will be sitting at a marriage supper. Oh, I so hope for that, Lord. I so hope that that's my next update when I'm gathered there with these my people. And I'll say, "Remember, church? Remember when we were in the earth? I told you we were soon to be sitting here. And here we are. A modern event made clear in prophecy. Sitted at a seated at a table thousands of miles long and it's over. And a king coming out to wipe our tears and say, "Don't cry no more. It's all over. It's all over. Sorrow's over. Heartache parting, sadness, passing, dying. It's all over. You'll never have to go back and do that again. What an hour that'll be. Lord, keep us true. Keep us committed. May our hearts be rededicated to you tonight in this service. Maybe we didn't come here expecting such a pull upon our heartstrings, Lord. But that's the way the Holy Spirit rolls, Lord. May you pull on our heartstrings tonight and call for rededication and new commitment and a fresh commitment. Give us a fresh vision, Lord, that we might press forward. The enemy is a liar. He's a straight liar. And your word is true, Lord. and we love you for the reliability of your word. I pray you will grant it. Let the words, Lord, I if if everything is forgotten, just let this final challenge be remembered in the hearts of the people. God is looking for morning stars. The ministry of the morning star, the spirit and the bride saying, "Come." Esther and the king speaking in one unified voice at the time of the feast of tabernacles. Right when you're ready to go back and restore Israel and take a take your bride into a millennial reign. That's the time when the king and queen spoke in one voice. It's the only time in the Bible, Lord. And we thank you for that. We know that we have arrived. We're here at that time. Commit, Lord, everything that was said to the hands of the Holy Spirit. Now lead us and guide us. We pray in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Come on and gather around. It's already a few minutes past 8:30. I'm going to take up these prayer requests here. Sing for me, Brother Brad. Amen. Ask me not, oh gentle savior, [Music] hear my humble cry. And while on others thou art calling, do not pass me by. My savior and savior. [Music] Savior here my humble cry. While on other thou art calling [Music] do not pass me by raise your hand. Savior, Savior, Savior, Savior. Oh hallelujah. Hear my humble ride. While on others, thou art calling. Do not pass me by. Sister Linda Paris. Uh prayer request for my niece. Uh Don, you can just play softly. Brother Andrew. Um Dawn Van Ey. She underwent breast surgery on Tuesday for damage caused during her successful fight with cancer. She's a nominal Christian. I love her dearly. Please pray for a rapid and total recovery. I got an update from Sister Linda today because I had prayed for that on Tuesday. Thank you for your prayers for my niece Dawn. She came through surgery very well yesterday and is resting relatively pain-free. We thank the Lord for that. Want to continue to pray for her rapid recovery. Um, Brother Brad and Sister Sarah Jce, uh, we will be talking with the hospice nurse in a little bit. This could go on for a couple weeks, but today, this was a an early report that she is less responsive than she was yesterday. We will make a decision tonight or tomorrow about when we return home. Please help us pray for the Lord's perfect leadership. He sent me uh I thought that I had it here. Let me go back because he sent me a uh an update. Sarah's um so Sarah's mom hasn't woke up a lot today. But then he says she woke up a few hours ago and she told Sarah that she loved her three or four times. Then she went back to sleep and hasn't woke back up. Sarah has tried to awaken her, but she is not doing good. Her breathing is getting heavier and more labored. Hospice doesn't expect her to make it through the weekend if she makes it that far. So, they really need the wisdom of God. Will you pray for brother Sister Sarah, her mom, the family? Amen. And uh they're going to need the Lord's leadership on how to handle that. Amen. But I know the Lord will make a way. Uh we want to pray for sister Amber Smith uh in prayer for a flare up of diverticulitis. She's been in the bed all day. Poor sister suffering with that. Just a devil. Uh brother Jack writes several requests. Please continue uh prayers for complete healing of sister Kathy. Her latest treatments have had a good result. Also ask the church body of Christ to keep Sister Kathy in prayer for a visit to her hot heart doctor on June 29 to follow up on an aneurysm. The Lord that took care of the one in the back of her head is the same God that can clear this one. Amen. Lastly, please remember Brother Quincy, the brother that was recently baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. He wrote to tell me he is sick with a COVID flu. Sister Jean uh says she's on her second run of antibiotics for a bad tooth that they need to extract and uh it's really given her a tough time. So, let's pray for Sister Gene. Brother Charles says, "I'm in need of prayer for leadership to take my car for repair. It's got electrical problems. Hope it's not too costly." Amen. We know the Lord can just lay his hands on vehicles. I sure have seen God do it that way. Amen. Join with somebody standing near you. Let's pray and take these needs up to the Lord. Master, we thank you for your word tonight. We love you with a great love, Lord. And we're inspired, Lord, in our hearts tonight. Father, we're we have needs that are on the on the hearts of the people. We're thanking you for the successful procedure of the niece of Sister Linda. But now, Lord, a doctor can can make the cut and can do the surgery, but who heals it, Lord. Who'll keep it from reoccurring? That's got to be you, Lord. We place the blood of Jesus, Lord, over her life and ask you to be merciful, Father, for brother Brad and sister Sarah to have wisdom for the heart of Sister Sarah and grieving for her mother. These times are always sad. Lord, I pray that you'll strengthen the whole family. Let it be a time that draws them all close, Father. And may you give them supreme wisdom. I've been right there. It's hard to know what to do in those situations, Lord. You're out of town. How can you stay? If you come back, do you got to go right back? Lord, so many things and brother Brad with work waiting and work schedule. It's just a tough spot to be in. So I pray for your perfect wisdom, Lord. May you bring it out for their good. Lord, we remember our sister Amber tonight, Lord. This demon of diverticulitis, we condemn it. I place the blood of Jesus between that affliction and the health of our sister. And in the name of Jesus, Lord, may she be well. May that evil spirit that causes these problems be rebuked completely. Lord, we're remembering for our rapid recovery. We thank you for the good results that Sister Kathy has already experienced. And Lord, we just want to see more and more and more and more. We've seen you heal cancer so many times. It's nothing for you to heal that, Lord. So, come on the scene. And I pray that this aneurysm, and we agree with brother Jack, the same God who fixed the one in the back of her head can fix this one over her heart in a moment, Father. And we are believing, we're remembering, Lord God, his dear friend who he baptized, Lord, Brother Quincy. And Father, we pray that you will let your anointing fall on him that he might be healed in his body and this terrible COVID flu. Lord, may it be cursed of the Holy Spirit and may our brother be recovered. Lord, I think of Sister Jean and her need, Lord, as we age and a tooth going bad, but Lord God, you're able. You're still Jehovah Gyra or the antibiotics are falling down. May the may Jehovah Gyra put his hand upon her. May she be made well. Lord God, I pray for our dear brother Charles for the leadership that he needs. Lord, I've seen you heal vehicles. May you lay your hand upon his vehicle. Lord, you see the brother, father, in the fix that he's in to have to repair and spend the money. I pray that you have mercy on the case and may his car be recovered, Father, in the name of Jesus Christ. I already know you do it. I've had it done for me more than a few times. So, we commit it to you, Lord, and ask your great mercy in these cases. And upon them all, we speak the name of Jesus in Jesus' name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Let's sing some more, brother, before we go. And then we might hit a testimony or two. If you got one, get it ready. Amen. But let's sing another verse or two of that. Oh, let me at thy throne of mercy. Find a sweet relief kning there in deep control is help my unbelief. [Music] Saveior, Savior and hear my humble cry. Oh, while on others thou art calling. Oh, do not pass me by. Amen. Anybody got a testimony before we go? Amen. Praise the Lord. I do. Okay, go ahead, my brother. I just want to give the Lord thanks for um for healing me so I can actually walk normal now. And uh as it's almost healed completely and it's been almost 11 months. Um, I know some people may think that it's petty, but uh, in all honesty, what I went through with, uh, infection in my bone and, um, I couldn't even stand up for days at a time and uh, my blood pressure was through the roof. I thought I was dying a couple of times, honestly. and my wife has been just just wonderful and just helping me through everything. And I'm just uh real thankful for the Lord to to get me through all of it. So, Amen. Praise God. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, you still love him, Sister Beck? Right.
