################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-25 - 250625-Jason Watkins The Sum of Our Lives Pt.2 - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-25
Title:    250625-Jason Watkins: The Sum of Our Lives Pt.2
Speaker:  Jason Watkins
Church:   Bethel Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 28m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pkDnglpK9TE
========================================

Description:
Brother Jason Watkins ministers the Wednesday Night service "The Sum of Our Lives Part 2." On June 25th, 2025 We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Old time religion. Give me that. Let's all stand. Old time religion. Give me that. Old time religion is good enough for me. Oh, give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. say it's good enough for me. Well, [Music] it will start. Well, it's good enough for me. Well, give me that old time religion. Give me that old time. Give me that old time religion. Sing it's good enough for me. Give me that old time. Give me that old time. Give me that old. Well, it will make you stop lying. It will save you when you die. It will start the devil flying. Is good enough for me. Well, give me that old. Give me that old. Give me that old time religion. Sing is good enough for me. It's that old time Holy Spirit. The devil won't go near it. That's the reason people fear it. Oh, it's good enough for me. Well, give me that old. Give me that old time religion. Give me all my religious sing is good enough for me. It was good, but you won't know other for it makes me love my brother. It brings me from undercover singing good enough for me. Well, give me that old. Give me that old [Applause] [Music] Give me that old time religion singing good enough for me. One more time. That old [Music] give me that. Oh, give me that old time religion. is good enough for me. Give me that old give me that one more time. Old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Sing is good enough for me and you. Hallelujah. Give the Lord a hand. I'm Praise the Lord. I don't want nothing else. I want the original. Man, I like what brother Jason says. election by origin. Amen. If you were there, you will be there. Amen. Let's pray. Father, I love you this evening. I thank you for this opportunity, Lord, to present ourselves to you, Lord. Pray that you would just help us, Father, to step out of the way, each and every one, Father, not just to minister. We come to see you, Father. We come that you might help us grow closer to you. Help us to have a gentle meek spirit that allow the dove of the Holy Spirit to settle down and coup to our hearts and our souls. Pray that you bless those that would hear the words this evening. Bless the gift, Father. Lord, you see those that are here that I don't know the burdens. I don't know the joys that each and everyone has, but you do. I present them to you, Father, this evening in the name of Jesus Christ, asking Lord that you would meet the needs of their hearts. And Lord, as we gather the tithes and offerings, bless the cheerful giver. We pray in Jesus' name. Lord, a hand. Amen. Give me a key. I have a maker. [Music] He formed my heart. Before even time began, my life was in his hands. He knows my name. [Music] He knows my every thought. He sees me here that falls and he hears me when I call. He knows. He knows my name. [Music] He knows my every thought. [Music] He sees me here that falls. and he hears me when I call. I have a father. He calls me his own. [Music] He never leave me. No matter where I go, [Music] [Applause] [Music] he knows my name. [Applause] He knows my every thought. He sees. He's here that falls and he hears me when I call. I have a maker. I have a maker. [Music] He formed my heart before even time began. My life was in his hand in worship. He knows. He knows my He knows my arms. He knows my He sees each that falls. Sing. And he hears me when I call. And he hears me when I call. [Music] Amen. Won't you turn and greet your brother and your sister this evening? Amen. Kia F again. Bless that wonderful name of Jesus. Well, bless that wonderful name of Jesus. [Music] Bless that wonderful name of Jesus. There is no other name I know. Oh, sing. Bless that wonderful name of Jesus. Well, bless that wonderful name of Jesus. Why don't you bless that wonderful name of Jesus? There is no other name I know. Let's put our hands together. Bless that wonderful name of Jesus. Sing. Bless that wonderful name of Jesus. Why don't you bless that wonderful name of Jesus? There is no other name I know. Well, there is healing in the name of Jesus. Yes, there's healing in the name of Jesus. Oh, there's healing in the name of Jesus. There is no other name I know. Well, why don't you bless that wonderful name of Jesus? Say, bless that wonderful name of Jesus. Bless that wonderful name of Jesus. There is no other name. I know. One more time, won't you bless that wonderful name of Jesus? Oh, bless that wonderful name of Jesus. Well, bless that wonderful name of Jesus. There is no other name I know. One more time, won't you bless bless that wonderful name of Jesus? We bless that wonderful name of Jesus. Bless that wonderful name of Jesus. There is no other name I know. [Music] Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Brother Aaron, if you come and give us a song this evening. Amen. Let's give Brother Aaron a hand. Amen. [Applause] [Music] I'm going to let the glory roll when the road is calling glory. I'm going to get beside myself when I get beside the king that day. I'm going to have the time of my life when the time of my life is over. I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, well, I don't know why I become a little shy when I get around a whole lot of people. And I can't figure out why. Just can't shout about the love of my soul. I'm as good as I can express. Feelings deep inside me. The things I know and can I show one day. I'm going to let the glory roll. The road is going for me. I'm going to get beside myself when I get beside the king that day. I'm going to have the time of my life when the time of my life is over. I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, well, I'll pass the clouds. The shouts out loud. It may sound like the moon. My cheerful eyes may fill the skies until it looks like rain. And as I leave this world pass before my savior, let the soul soul let the glory roll in the ro. He calls my name cuz I'm going to let the glory roll. He's calling glory. I'm going to get the side of myself when I get to decide that day. I'm going to have the time of my life. The time of my life is over. And I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, take it. [Applause] [Music] [Music] I'm going to let the glory roll glory. I'm going to get beside of myself when I get beside the king that day. I'm going to have the time of my life. When the time of my life is over, I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, I'm going to get carried away. Carried away. I get carried away. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Won't you stand with me? Amen. Let's sing a little bit. Here I am to worship. Key of F, I believe. [Music] Just take a few minutes and just worship a little bit. Amen. Light of the world, you step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. [Music] Beauty that made this heart adore you. Hope of a life spent with you. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. [Music] King of all days, oh so highly exalted. You're glorious in heaven above. Humbly you came to this earth you created. All for love's sake became poor. Here I am to here I am to bow down. Say that you're my God. You're all together love, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to save. You're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful for to me. Here I am. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. You're all together worthy. All together wonder for to me. I'll never know how much it costs to see my sins upon that cross. I'll never know how much it cost to see my sin upon that cross. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonder. all to me. Here I am. Here I am to worship. Oh, here I am to bow down. Say you're my God. You're all together lovely. You're all together worthy. All together wonderful for to here I am here I am to worship. Oh here I am to bow down. Here I am to sing. You're my God. You're all together lovely. All together worthy. All together wonder for to one more time. Here I am. Here I am to worship. Oh, here I am to bow down. Here I am. Say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. All together worthy. All together wonderful to me. [Music] Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord another hand. Amen. Of praise. [Applause] Amen. How many is ready for the word this evening? Amen. Man, let's sing a little bit of We'll Give the glory to Jesus cuz brother Jason comes and will give the glory to Jesus and tell of his love. and tell of his love will give the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love [Music] will Give the glory to Jesus and tell of his love and tell of his love will give the glory to Jesus. of his wonderful love. Oh, we give the glory to Jesus [Music] and tell of his love and tell of his love will give the glory to Jesus. Jesus and tell of his wonderful love. Let's give the Lord a wave. Oh, we'll give all the glory to Jesus. [Music] In tail of his love, [Music] tail of his love will give the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonder for us. Amen. Give the Lord a hand this evening. Mhm. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you, friends. Happy to have you in the house of God tonight. Amen. I'm going give you one of my favorite commands. Turn around, shake hands with somebody. Say, "God bless you." Amen. We're happy to have you in the house of God tonight. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, um, I saw Brother Matt racing for the broadcast room, so I'm using this microphone tonight. Amen. I got done with that one last Sunday. And so, I've ordered me a new one, but I won't have it till this Sunday, so this is going to have to do. So, if you're streaming and it doesn't sound perfect, uh, I think Brother Matt's running to try to fix that. Amen. Praise the Lord. But hey, I got to do what I got to do. Revelation chapter 4 tonight. We're happy to have brother Jason and his family back home with us. Amen. Glad they had a nice little time. I saw those pictures of you fishing, Brother Jay. So, uh, I saw the one nice catch, man. I hope you had more than that. Amen. Gracious. I'm not going to say that over the air cuz every fisherman will hate you. Uh, they had a lot. He said they had a lot. Okay. It was a big number. Really big number. Amen. Wow. Preachers don't tell stories. Yeah. Preachers don't tell fish stories. That's a true story. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I don't want fishermanmen hating on brother JD. Amen. But they were looking like they were having a wonderful time. Amen. And I'll have to get those GPS coordinates of where he was. Amen. We're happy to be here tonight. I want to continue on um this evening. We're going to go to Revelation 4:1. And uh we were looking last Wednesday and I by the help of the Lord, I want to continue on with it this evening in the sum of our lives part two. And um just some other I want to continue on. There are some things on my heart that I wanted to really bring out. And so, uh, let's catch our reading here in Revelation 4. Then we have a number of prayer requests. I already got maybe almost a half a dozen. So, if anyone has any, if you'll get them to me, just send them to me direct, email, text, WhatsApp, doesn't matter. I'll get them all right here before we go to prayer. Revelation 4 and verse one. After this, I looked, and behold, a door was opened in heaven. And the first voice which I heard was as it were, of a trumpet talking with me, which said, "Come up hither, and I will show thee things which must be hereafter." Let's pray. Master, we thank you for your word tonight. Father, we've read it and we've had this thought, Lord, on our mind throughout the day. just trying to uh decipher Lord with so much to say what exactly would you want said tonight. Now I'm convinced and feel convinced in my heart Lord that we have your perfect will. So we're going forward and I pray that your blessing would be upon both speaker and hearer. We commit it to you now and keep me focused Lord. You see that there's so much material my mind would easily go in multiple directions but I want to be concise and I want to be clear tonight. Lord, these are important matters and these are serious times, Lord. And we're asking for your help and your mercy tonight. We need you, Lord. We need to see you clearly in the word and what you would have us to know. So, I commit myself humbly before you in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you, friends. You can be seated. Praise the Lord. Brother Matt, you going to make it work? this microphone is okay. Thumbs up. Good deal. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, I want to just and I' I've been trying to figure out the best way to go forward uh looking at this verse. And I suppose I should probably u make mention uh where we were last time. We had read for you a number of quotes and there was no need to put them back up again tonight. We had five or six or so I think at least five. Uh 1, two, three, four, five. Well, we we had five and then we read a sixth one out of the church age book. Uh but we were finding where brother Brham uh talks about how that you know we are we are part of God's program. We are part of God's own life. We are part of God's body by a spiritual birth. And we are we found that we and I and I I I plan hopefully by Sunday. I've been promising you we're going to look at that name change with Abraham more closely and we plan to do that. I don't want to get into it tonight. It'll sidetrack me from my main thought. But but just remember and I said this to you Sunday and I want you to remember it although tonight is not part of that series but remember that that the one point I want you to constantly keep locked in your mind is that the Hebrew letter that was added to Abraham to Abram's name was actually the same one that use is used to describe God in Genesis when he created created. So, it's important for you to understand that God is adding um the aspect of creativeness or creative power or or something that God actually does. And that's an important point because everything we're reading tonight, I mean, if you're in God's family, God did that. If you're a believer tonight, God did that. Amen. If you've got a message of the hour that's going to give you rapturing faith, he did that. And so we realize that because that it's all based on election as brother Brandon would show us that that that redemption uh that that only the predestinated are considered in redemption. Now you know as well we've taught it many times redemption is next level salvation because many will find salvation. Many have found salvation from destruction. The unwise virgin are saved. They're not saved in the tribulation. They're already saved from destruction, but they're not converted. They're not born again, but they've had an experience of the Holy Ghost upon their spirit, and it has sanctified them. And that's why the king refers to them in Matthew 25 and and Matthew 7 and the book of Revelation. It calls them saints and it calls them righteous. And because it means that they are sanctified people. And so, so we realize that we we've showed you the difference between having your name uh in the book of life from the foundation of the world. Meaning that, you know, your name was put on there from the day you were born. But we know that the bride of Christ, that elect lady as John would call her, uh, with only three references in the entire Bible, that it references that there are some people whose names were on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. And the and there's only three places you find that taught. And two of them refer to Jesus and one of them refers to the bride, his bride. And so we realize then that that God has a plan of salvation and then he has a plan of redemption. Salvation is included in that. But God is here redeeming his family. That's what's been happening for 2,000 years for seven church ages. It's why God sent messengers. That's why seals were partially opened. That's why messenger caught it, ran with it. That's why there were four living creatures to anoint it. Let me tell you something. God thought of everything. Amen. He knew what would happen to the world. He knew about the dark ages before it got dark. He knew our day would be gross darkness on the people. Darkness would cover the face of the earth. But he he's accounted for that. And I'm here to tell you that we are not left uh shortch changed. We're not left fending for ourselves. I want you to know that the same God who put you here planned for you to be here and has a plan and has redeemed you and he's done it. And we tonight are the happy recipients of that plan. I'm a beneficiary of everything that Calvary purchased. I'm happy to know that, friends. I'm happy to know that I'm my name is on the Lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. I'm happy to know that I can't I can't disbelieve. It'd be impossible for me to disbelieve. It'd be impossible for me to stay away from God forever. The Holy Spirit came. The eagle screamed. I heard a voice. And something inside of me began to say, "Amen. Amen." And it brought me to repentance. And today I serve God because I have no desire to not serve him. I my whole makeup, my whole mindset, my whole world view is what can I do for the Lord? What while I'm here, what is my mission? And my I might have a job or career, get an education. I we have we pay bills and we take vacations. We raise families. We have the functions of living. We face the same problems the rest of the world faces. Thank God we've got the answers. Amen. Amen. Amen. And it's not that the world doesn't have the answers. It's that they don't believe them. Right? They've been offered. That's what the prophet said. You know, in almost exasperation, Lord, have they not heard? And immediately the inspiration strikes the prophet. Yay. Their sound went into all the earth. I'm here to tell you, nobody will be able to blame God on that day. He has he has left no stone unturned. He has in no way uh come up short of everything that was necessary for me to be a believer for me to be an overcomer. Amen. Now, he's not going to There's times say, "Well, I don't always feel like an overcomer." That's only because you fail. But I'm here to tell you that he's even accounted for that because we have an advocate. If we sin, we have an advocate, Christ Jesus. And if we and the Bible teaches us that if we will repent, he is faithful and just to forgive us. And I'm here to tell you, the Bible goes on to say that even if we are even if we are unfaithful, he remains faithful because he cannot deny himself. Which tells me that there's a part of God inside of me that has sealed the deal. and my whole life is trying now to cooperate in the vision that God had of me. We find out when we start to look at at redemption in the proper way as we were sons and daughters of God in God's godhead. Part of his uh mystery as a prophet told us we're it's it's actually he says so he reveals his church and raising it up by the same word. It's part of his three-fold mystery. So there the brother Brandham is not pulling punches now. He this is after the seals. He knows the time is short and he's not pulling punches. He's trying to get the bride secure in her position of who she is. Now, it's important to understand that because we one of the things that brother Brandham talks about as it relates to the Lord Jesus is because that that you and I came straight from the mind of God and we bypassed our theophony and we became straight to the flesh. Now, that's not how Jesus came because he was already theophony. That's that pillar of fire. That's the anointing that veiled the theophony god. He appeared in MelzDC. He appeared in in various places. So So this is why brother Brandon would say, "And because of that, he knowed all things." Right? Now, that's a curious thing to say because it it almost it almost sounds like that that that Jesus knew everything in his earthly pilgrimage and that he was he he was untemptable in any way, shape or form. But but actually I already know that both of those are not exactly accurate because we can find places. First of all, the Bible teaches us that he was tempted in all ways like in all ways as we are tempted. So we know that he also had to overcome. He had a human will that he had to say not my will thine be done. We know that when brother Brandon pointed these things out. I'm not taking the time to read the quotes, but they're all through the message. Brother Brandham talks about how that that Jesus didn't did not know everything. And and he says that and he says he says he did not know who touched him when the woman with an issue of blood reached and touched just his garment as he passed by. He did not know who did that. He stopped and turned around and asked the question, "Who touched me?" He didn't know who touched him. And and when we and when we find out that that they ask him on the Mount of Olives before he ascended, shall you now are you now going to restore the kingdom? And he says he says that the father alone knows that. And so he actually says that he did not know the answer to that. So So then when you say, "All right, well, what was it that him being a theophony ahead of being flesh caused him to know all things?" Here's what he knew and here's his advantage over you and I because we did not come through a theophony. So what he knew was that the Bible tells us in St. St. John 13 and then again I think it's in chapter 16. not going to try to turn and find it tonight, but you remember that when he's there in chapter 13 and it's the Lord's supper and you know the Bible says Jesus knowing knowing that all things were given to him of God all things he goes on to say later three chapters later that Jesus knowing that he came from God and that he went to God. So what he knew was that he came from God. He went back to God. He knew who he was. Brother Brandon would say, "In Is Your Life worthy of the gospel, Jesus never screamed at devils." Amen. Because he didn't have to. Here's why. Because he knew who he was. He knew. Here's what else he knew. He didn't know who touched him when the woman touched him. He didn't know the day of the coming of the Lord before he got that revelation when he ascended. But what he what but what he did know is that he came from God. Yes. Amen. He did know that that that God was in control of everything. He did know that he would return back to God. He knew that all things were given into his hands. He knew that. Brother Ram said he knew his words couldn't fail because he knew who he was. Amen. So now him having come through theophony, he had a revelation of who he was. He had a revelation that he came from God. He had a revelation of why he was here. There were things his humanity didn't know. But but the divine part of God knew that he come from God and went to God. And when he was in the wilderness fighting the devil, he didn't use his power. He used the word. See? And so now when it comes to you and I, you say, "But I wasn't theophony and then came to flesh." So I don't have that advantage. And that's exactly right. And that's exactly why a prophet would say that there is nothing so powerful as revelation. That when the bride knows who she is. Oh, hallelujah. That's when you are an invincible army. So God sends a messenger with a message to tell you you who you are that you were in Christ before the foundation of the world that you are part of God's uh part of God's three-fold mystery that you are that you are in God's godhead because you you don't have the advantage of knowing that but now you know it. Amen. Amen. And it is they say knowledge is power. It is that knowledge that that God has elected me before the foundation of the world. That I came from God. I'm going back to God. And there are not enough devils in all of hell to stop it. They cannot stop it. Even I can't stop it. You can't stop it. You can't you can't kick you out because you didn't put you in. Hallelujah. You came from God and are going back to God. So now the question becomes that my beginning and my ending being one in the same cuz I'm an eternal creature. Then what what is my life about then while I'm here in my mortal existence? Right. Amen. Good question. Amen. So when we began to look down last Wednesday through the various things, we came and we found out that here was one of the last things that we found out that that the bride, the body must follow the head as Christ resurrected. You know, that's why Paul would say if if he didn't resurrect, then we're finished. Yeah. If there's no resurrection, then you're still in your sin and you have you're right back to where you started. You're born in sin with no hope of changing it. I'm glad he resurrected. And he said, "Because I live, you live also." Not you might, not you possibly, but you live. I live, you live. See? And so, so we realized then that that these that these imply certain things to our lives. And that here was here was something that I that I didn't get I ran out of time last Wednesday that I wanted to go deeper into. And that is that that if the if the body is part of the head and the head is part of the body in so much so that because he rose, you'll raise. Amen. Amen. Then that means that I'm not here uh my life here as a Christian is not just an imitation of him. See, so it's not about copying Jesus, but it's about it's about being spiritually united your person with his person. See? And so, so, so then that that means in no uncertain terms that his resurrection was my resurrection. Amen. So, so then I, so then if and if and if that's true, and it has to be, then if that being the case, then I should be able to walk in resurrection power because the resurrection is not just a concept. The resurrection happened. There was a dead man and power came upon him and raised him back to life. If that same power that raised Jesus, if it be in you, shall also quicken your mortal body, then why should it not have resurrection power on me daily as I walk around? I'm here to tell you something. If your Christianity is only an imitation of Christ, you're not going to realize a whole lot of power. You're going to be part of those who admire the fine qualities of Jesus. and you get a little bit like him, but that's not the same thing as being invisibly united with the mind of Christ. His mind is my mind. His heart is my heart. I'm life of his life, flesh of his flesh, blood of his blood. That's why a prophet had the boldness to say like no one else I'd ever heard say, "You are the blood of God by the spirit." Amen. That's heavy. Amen. I promise you Larkin didn't say that. So then that being the case, now you're with me so far and you're shouting with me so far. But I wonder then if we realize that that being the case, then his sacrificial obedience should be mine as well. Amen. that as the body, as the body, surely you would agree with me tonight that as the body, you don't set the agenda. Amen. The head sets the agenda. Amen. See, so so then where where's your life going? Who's who's calling the shots? I hope it's not you. Oh, I I long ago stopped trying to call my own shots. I just say, "Lord God, every day, every morning, every moment, uh, lead me, guide me, show me your will, show me your way, and give me that the power of resurrection." Say, "Oh, if I just had the power of resurrection, man, I'd speak to storms. I'd walk on water." How about you just have the sacrifice of obedience? I'd rather walk on on the heads of devils than walk on water anyway. [Music] I'll take that any day. Walking on water ain't going to do one thing for me other than amaze people. I'm not saying it's not a great thing, but I'd rather have the devil under my feet than water under my feet. Hallelujah. So, our daily movements then should be in sync with his leadership. I believe that with all my heart because because that you're not an individual anymore. You're part of a body. Yeah. That's got to be more than a cliche. Amen. That's got to be more than just a saying. That's got to be more than just a message lingo. You know, I it it's got to mean something. I'm I'm not my own. I haven't been in a long time. I'm part of him. I mean, come on, friends. If we're going to rejoice that we're in his trinity, if we're in his godhead, if we're part of his life, then I ought to be able to say, then he's the head. I'm the body. He's the leader. I'm the follower. See, so it means that there should be unity. It means there should be humility. It means that there should be a connectedness. In fact, as I would say that that connectedness is so essential that it is that it that that if the devil can tamper with that say how might he tamper it? He's got how he tamper with he's got a hundred ways from Sunday. He'll fill up your schedule so you don't have time to pray. He'll he'll he'll knock on your door with all kinds of opportunities and all it is is taking you further away from dedication and consecration. Do you think Jesus couldn't have had the most powerful ministry? You think brother Brandham couldn't have had it? They they told him, "You you you've got the greatest ministry. We'll give you a jet. We'll give you a salary. We'll fly you all over the around the world." Oh, what would I have to do? Well, just a little compromise. Just, you know, just, you know, kind of leave off saying this, that, and the other. Oh, I'm so glad that we had a prophet who was faithful, who was part of the body, who was part of the head, who was following the headship and not following. He long ago, I'm going tell you something, friends. If he had have been choosing his own path, he would have took that $1,500,000 check. Right. Right. But he wouldn't even look at it. Said, "I don't even want to look at it. Take it back to the man. The gospel is not for sale. I'm not for sale. Oh, I want to be able to say that. I want the devil to hear it. I am not for sale. You cannot take me aside from the will of God by offering me anything. I'm I've abandoned this world. I I put my eyes I've turned northward. I'm looking to Christ. Amen. It means that he's the gate. He's the doorway. In him dwells all the fullness of the godhead bodily. This is why I read uh Revelation 4:1 because when we when we look at it, you know, uh uh hey Z, is that you sweetie? Give me uh Luke 17:37, honey. Give me Luke 17:37. I want to look at it real quick. We're always jumping to Luke uh 17:30, but let's read on past it a little bit. Um start at verse 30, sweetheart. We're going to start right there. Verse 30. Luke 17:30. Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of Man is revealed. In that day, he which shall be upon the housetop, and his stuff in the house, let him not come down to take it away. And he that is in the field, let him likewise not return back. Remember Lot's wife. Whosoever shall seek to save his life shall lose it, and whosoever shall lose his life shall preserve it. Amen. Amen. I noticed that one's not running. I guess it's not turned on, but okay, you got it right here. Verse 34. I tell you, in that night there shall be two men in one bed. The one shall be taken and the other shall be left. Two women shall be grinding together, the one shall be taken and the other left. Two men shall be in the field, the one taken and the other left. This just simply means the world's going to be covered in humanity. All with very similar lives, all working. Some are sleeping, some are working, some are uh in the field, some are in the mill, some are the the world is going to be covered over. Uh, and when the bride is taken, it's going to be right in the middle of life as usual. And when the bride is taken, life will keep going life as usual. Now, it's going to get progressively harder because the tribulation's going to start in. And it's a day like has never been. But but he's making the point, I'm going to take one and I'm going to leave one. Verse 37. And they answered and said unto him, where, Lord? Where? So there's going to be two here. I'm going to take one and leave one. Two over here. It's just a metaphor. I'm going to take one and leave one. Thousands here. I'll take a handful over here. See? And I'm going to take them. And they said unto him, "Where, Lord?" And he said unto them, listen to this curious answer. "Wheroever the body is, thither will the eagles be gathered together." Amen. Huh? I I I thought you were talking about the rapture. See, when we read chapter 4, we realize that the bride has already went in a rapture at the end of chapter 3 because she goes in the rapture at the end of of chapter 3 at the end of the Leodysian church age. But chapter four and chapter five begin to describe, as brother Brandham said, it's not an eighth age. It's describing how he pulled off what he pulled off in the first three chapters. This is how he did it. And there was a throne and one sat on the throne and in his hand was a book sealed. And then at the end time the lamb comes forward the line of the tribe of Judah. He's a lamb slain. He takes the book loose the seals gives it to his messenger who then gives it to the people. And then that then that people become the final voice to the final before they're taken from the earth. See? So, so we've we've showed you many times you can't read the book of Revelation linearly like a newspaper because you know sometimes you'll read this part that in time sequence happened over here and this part here happened way over here until that intervenes and happened just ahead of that and then it it go and that's the way that's why it took a prophet to decipher it all. Amen. So when we when we begin to look at where there there there's really there there would really be no need to ask where you know some moved and some didn't move. And he's referring to a carcass. Where where are they going to gather? You're taking some, you're leaving some. Where are the ones who are not leaving? Where do they go? Not to the carcass. Right? So where are the ones that go that you're taking to the carcass? What's the carcass? The word of God. So we find that that God sends a word in this hour. That's a rapture message. And if you plan to go in the physical rapture, you're first going to have that's what Luke 17 is all about. as it was in the days of the son of man. There's going to be a word carcass and you're going to have to go to that carcass and feed upon that if you want to have the body change. Amen. Does it make sense? So that becomes the question, where will the ones where will the ones taken uh where will they be taken to? They'll be taken to the word. So, so the answer then becomes that's why we read it in the day of the son of man as verse 30 had said they are taken to the opening of the word and that's what chapter 4 is chapter 4 and chapter 5 are the opening of the word it's a door the door is Christ amen hallelujah and God is going to begin to restore back the deity of Jesus Christ had been lost down through the ages But it's going to come at the very end of Leodysa in that blending time or end of Philadelphia in that blending time where it starts to move into the Leodysian age and and and and it's a it's beginning to be a a burgeoning revelation of the deity of Jesus Christ. And that would and that you know the oneness thought we got it, we got it. And Isuza said we got it, we got it. And they didn't realize that that that was happening to establish the deity of Jesus Christ. But under the opening of the seals, it would also reveal, Mrs. Jesus Christ. And we would find out in a mind-blowing way, oh my goodness, I've always been a part of him and I'm a part of him now. And that's why I'm a believer. So then, why would not my life be an invisible union with the son of God? Why would my life not be a life of sacrifice and obedience to God? Amen. Why would I not uh deny myself the world? So that I might pursue the Lord. See, so they are gathered to the carcass of the word. So, and and and and that's so beautiful because my goodness, when you go from from Revelation 4 all the way to Revelation 10, you know, you don't see the devil or his kingdom members, you you find a a a a sea of glass as clear as crystal. There's Brother Brandon points that out. There's no fire in it, no fire and blood because it's clear as crystal means there's no judgment. There's no judgment. When they were standing there on the sea of glass, Brother Brandon went back to it again and again and again. It's clear. Your future's clear. You're standing there to receive the word. You're clear. There's no judgment. You've already moved above the judgment. Hallelujah. And the world is falling apart. But because the head ascended, the body ascends. I'm not just believing fancy doctrine or or high altitude teaching. I become in union with almighty God and my life is something that can't even be explained. Amen. Amen. All we can say is I know him and the power of his resurrection. Say what does that mean? It means that whatever he wants out of my life, you got it Lord. Here it is. Whatever use you can get out of it, take me, mold me, use me. Whatever is hindering you, remove it. Amen. say, "What if it cost you something?" I I I don't even need to know what it is. I don't even care. Just take it. Whatever is hindering me, take it from me. See, so you know, I I remember some years a uh probably a year or two ago, and brother JD made that statement. I wrote it here in my notes in my in my made it part of my permanent Bible notes that Brother Jason said it like this. We have to go here. Here's where your mindset needs to be, friends. We have to go from the mindset of waiting on the rapture to living in the experience of it. Amen. The rapture is not some pie in the sky way off at the a golden pot at the end of a rainbow. It's now. The rapture is now. I'm part of it. Jesus said, "I am the resurrection. If he is, then I am." Hallelujah. And I'm trying to live in the experience of it. I'm not waiting to have an experience. I'm having an experience. See? Oh, it's so beautiful when you put it all together. So, we find then that that he's the gate, he's the door, he's the way. As a prophet said, in him dwells, the Bible says, in him dwells the fullness of the godhead. Amen. So then that means I mean this is the sum of our lives. That's what I'm preaching on, the sum of our lives. So then if he's the gate and he's the door and I've been called into it and he's the way and in him dwells the fullness of the godhead bodily. Then to me when I think about what how does that what are the implications for my daily now come on because here's what I've been stressing to you it it's it's not about uh edge of the atmosphere theology we got loads of that but it's what are the daily implications my my title is the sum of our lives what are the daily implications oh I'm here to tell you something friends it we say, "Oh, well, there's worship in my life." It's not just you can worship anything, but is it Christ centered worship? See, because people, Brother said, you worship your car, you worship your wife, you worship your family, you worship your job, you worship money. You're going, you're a creature made in the image of God. You're going to worship something. That's right. You're the only animal of all the animals starting at the lowest to the highest till it finally achieved a human something in the image of God's expression. And you're the you're you're the only living creature that prays. Amen. No other animal prays. You're the only living creature that worships. Other other animals below us, they don't worship. You worship. You're in the image of God. So the question becomes not will I worship. Here's the question. What are you worshiping? Because you are going to worship something. Amen. And I want a Christ centered worship. Amen. I want all my spiritual access to be through him. And I do not want any alternative roads. I don't want any alternating pathways. I don't want to end around. I don't want shortcuts. I don't I want to be all about the word of God. I want my life to be a Christc centered worship and everything and every goal and every objective I have has him centered in the center of it. I believe friends that things like devotion, things like a prayer life, those things have to focus on Christ. They don't whatever you do, don't make it about religion. That is just a covering. You know, I I was saying to my wife the other day and I I played her news clip. I said, "Here's an interesting thing." And you know, our our president is he's he's thanking the military and the pilots and and you know, and the armed forces and he's thanking this one. And he says, and he says, "And I and I would like to thank," and he paused. You could tell it was very genuine. And he said, "I would like to thank God." And I want to say, "And and and and I heard go maybe because I'm a preacher and I I I have to fight through that. Sometimes you get so caught up in the emotion of what you're preaching that you can almost just start weeping." And I I detected when he said, "And we just want to say and I heard a break in his voice." And I've experienced that, "We love you, God. We love you and we thank you." And I just thought, "Wow, you can say nothing evil about that." The man was sincere. And then in in perfect contradistinction, the two days later, he's talking to the press and he's dropping the fbomb and he's cussing and vulgar language. And I thought, you know, he's he turns around and goes and gets on Marine One still believing that God is receiving his thanks and that he's actually a Christian and that he actually loves God. And and I'm not here. I'm not judging Donald Trump. I'm simply saying that's where Satan has got this world to that they all think they're Christians. They all think they're going to heaven. They all think and it doesn't even matter how they live. It doesn't matter what how they dress, what they look like, what they say, where they go, what they do. I'm here to tell you it matters. And and it's not something you do or something you put on. But when your life is centered on the Lord Jesus Christ, you cannot live in those ways of the world. It changes your dialect. It changes your attitude. It changes your world, your worldview. It changes your goals and your dreams and your plans. And Christ becomes the center. This is the sum of our lives. Hallelujah. It's not religion, certainly not tradition, and it's certainly not self-effort. Amen. If everything that God is, he poured into Christ and everything that Christ is, he has poured into his church, then there is no lacking. Amen. There is no lack. And I'm here to tell you something, friends. Fullness is available to you tonight. Amen. Amen. You don't have to live a life spiritually lacking. That is a miserable place. Oh, I'm here to tell you something, friends. I want to have the fullness of Christ. I want to have everything that I'm entitled to. I want to be able to walk with the authority of the word. I want to be able to have boldness when I pray. And I want to be able to have an expectation that when I say, "Father," a father responds. that when I lay my hands on the sick, the sick will recover. That when I that when I walk through a world of sin and I on purpose turn my head away and will not uh give way to the temptations of the world, I want to have an authority. I don't want to be fighting, you know, and just gritting my teeth. I want to have something that has conquered my will. Amen. You can have fullness. It's available. You're entitled to it. you're entitled to it. The the world has such a uh has made such a horrible mockery out of entitlement, thinking they're entitled to things they're not even entitled to at all. And and we just end up saying, "Oh, you're just you're just entitled." It's almost become a an an insulting thing. But I'm here to tell you something, friends. Uh I I if you if you want to feel entitled then feel this that you are entitled to walk in authority and you are entitled to walk in boldness. You are entitled you it is your divine right. You have a right to have a conference with God. You have a right to live in victory. You don't need anyone's permission. The Holy Ghost gives it to you and no one can take it from you. If we are part of God's family then I believe as brother Brandham said we should act like it. Amen. Because we're not trying to get in. You are sons and daughters of God. You're not you're not running a competition to see if you can get in. You're in. In fact is the beauty of of you being in is that you were really a 90 lb weakling who could have never even conquered you, much less eternal life. But you're in. Hallelujah. So it's walking worthy of these realities as brother Brandon would title it. Is your life worthy of the gospel? So to live worthy of these truths, I want you to ponder that for a moment because brother Brandham emphasized this so much. You know, he he told the story about the the African prince who had been captured and and even in slavery. He knew that he was still of a royal line. He knew that his father was a king and and though a prisoner, he conducted himself according to his original life. Amen. And so, brother Brandham says, you know, if that's the if that being the case in history, then ought we not if we say that we are children of the king, that we are we I say I'm not this world is not my home. I'm just passing through. My treasures are laid up somewhere beyond the blue. That ought to be that ought to be more than a song. That ought to be more than a little jingle or a rhyme that you whistle or hum. That ought to be a living reality of every day that you walk around. Every devil should know you believe that. That's good. To live worthy of these truths is to live worthy of the gospel. To see yourself as God sees you. That's that was the secret that Jesus had. Amen. That's he didn't know everything humanly speaking. He says he didn't. Brother Brandham makes that clear and the scripture makes that clear. He did not know everything at at all times. He he he moved by vision that God showed him what to do and showed him and told him what to say. And so so so we realize then that that the strength of his power was that he knew who he was because he had been theophony. He knew he came from God. It was a revelation that he had. And that gave him the strength. He even though he was tempted in all ways, he overcame it. Even though he he he faced trials that all of us would have failed against, but I'm here to tell you, he just kept going. And he kept going because he knew who he was, where he came from, where he was going. He knew who had all power. And and you might not have been a Theophony before you were a body, but that's why you've heard a word. And when you heard a word, you heard from your theophony. And when I heard from my theophony, suddenly I have to say, I can be overcomer. I can make it. I can get there. I I can be all things to Christ because I have also heard from my theophony. And I see myself as God sees me. I see. Say, what does that mean to see myself as God sees me? See yourself as eternal. See yourself as transformed. Not going to be are. You are transformed. See yourself as empowered. Have confidence. Live with confidence. Put down condemnation under your feet. He whom the son has made free is free indeed. Hallelujah. That's when I'm strong, when I'm weak, I'm still free in Christ. Even when I'm I'm I'm soaring and overcoming power or when I stumble and I go to my knees, I come up, I'm still a son. Hallelujah. I'm still empowered. Oh, glory to God. So, this is the sum of our lives, friends. Stay Christ centered. Stay spiritled. Amen. Amen. Make that your daily operation. Stay Christ minded. Amen. I remember a couple of years ago when uh brother Timothy Puit was preaching here and he I I think this he took that sermon called the mission is still on or something like that. He told the story of the uh of the commando, US commando, who had, you know, lost his whole team and caught behind enemy lines and shot himself, but he had a mission. And he he's crawling. You remember the story? And he's crawling and he would he said, "All I could do was lift myself up. His legs wouldn't work." And he said, "I pushed myself forward and collapsed. I'd catch my breath, lift myself up, push myself. if I'd see if I can just get to that rock, if I can just get to that rock, and then I can get to the next rock. And he did that for seven miles. Amen. Because he came to this conclusion, my team is dead. I'm half dead. That looks like I have no chance, but the mission is still on. And he refused to accept anything other than the mission is still on. Oh, friends, stand to your feet with me. I'm here to tell you the mission is still on. And the sum of our lives is a life of deep dedication and service to the king. You're entitled to it. You believe that? Come. Musicians, come, brother Anthony. You're entitled to it. I I I I want you to to take that home with you. If if you have I I I didn't come here just to just to give you a rahrh pep rally. I'm here to tell you what the word of God says about you. And I want you to leave here believing it. I want you to be confident of this one thing that God who began a good work in you will finish it. And the devil can't stop it. Amen. And I'm glad even I can't stop it. Amen. I just want to say, Lord God, every day, every hour of my life. Let's raise up our hands and tonight and say, "Lord God, every day, every hour of my life, Lord, the it's all about commitment. It's all about a willingness, Lord, to have you as the center of my life. These are dangerous times, Lord. The world falling to pieces. And Father, the only hope is in Christ is in the word." And right my heart, Lord, I I I know that you have children who Lord who who maybe hear this sermon tonight. And I pray that no matter where they imagine that they are on the spiritual ladder, whether they feel like they're at the higher rungs of it or down midways or even barely clinging to the last rungs, wherever they are, may they realize that they have a right to be an overcomer. They have they if they're on the low rungs, they don't have to stay there and no one can force them to stay there. They have a divine privilege to climb higher and climb higher and and Lord, we're climbing up that great mountain, the Mount Zion. And tonight, may Lord God, may the Holy Spirit make it so that we could just reach up and get a little higher handhold on the side of Mount Zion as I climb to the top. I'm not going back down, Lord. I'm ascending to the top. And I pray for the strength of the spirit of God. Lord, for the anointing of the Holy Spirit that we might feel, Lord, that relationship with you in a meaningful way. Help us one and all. We commit it to you in Jesus' name. Come on and gather friends. We got a little bit of time to take up our prayer request. Let's sing, Brother Tony. Amen. I need thee. Oh, come singing that old wonderful hymn. Every hour, I need thee. Oh, that's so true. That's so true. Oh, bless me now, my savior. For I come to thee. Sing it again. I need thee. Oh, I need thee. I need [Music] thee. Oh, I need I need thee. [Music] Every hour I need thee. [Applause] Oh, bless me now. My savior. I come I come to to thee. Let me read these requests out for us tonight. Um, okay. That's a testimony from Sister Princess. I'll catch that just in a second. Let me forget to read that. So, uh, I have these requests [Music] Sister Jean has two unspoken requests tonight and is asking for prayer. Um Ethan and Amariah both prayer for Ethan and Amariah who are both homesick with a stomach bug. There's a lot of sickness going around. Uh Sister Deborah Lowry, also sick, needs a touch from the Lord. Um, brother Caleb Campbell writes in, "Brother Jason, would you pray for Uriah and Lana tonight? They both are still sick and are fighting these terrible coughs. Especially Uriah, Brother Kenny also let me know that he's still very sick." And so, a lot of sickness. I believe we can pray with authority, friends. Sister Phyllis is asking for prayer. She's with her sister Susie. And I think her brother Matt's coming in tomorrow. and her sister Susie scheduled for that double mastctomy on third on the 30th, June the 30th. And they're asking prayer. She took that prayer cloth and we're looking for the Lord to do great things. Brother Bruce Paris writes, "Brother Jason, I have a prayer request. I'm having some abdominal distress and my left knee that was replaced many years ago is causing me a lot of pain when attempting to lift my leg. Perhaps it's tendonitis. Thank you so much and God bless you, brother Bruce. Sister Lois uh Payne writes in, "We have our court date in Georgia tomorrow morning. They're in a little bit of a of a of a dispute on a property and the there's a person giving them a lot of trouble and it's it's so it's just the devil causing this person." Brother Rodney has bent over backwards to be fair with this person. And so they're having to go to court and Rodney would like our probate court appointment to be covered by the blood of Jesus Christ. We thank God in advance for his will. Amen. It's to do to do with some air property that he received through inheritance. Um don't want to say any more than that, but just be praying that the Lord will have his perfect will and perfect way. I think I covered them all. Let me make sure that I didn't miss any that just come in. I don't see any there. Let me go ahead and read this from Sister Princess testimony from mom. This is her mother. God is so good to me. As I was leaving the office today, I saw this with my own eyes. Lightning struck the uh the tele the the tele the telephone pole at the end of the driveway where my car was sitting at work. Literally next to the pole. Sparks and fire was falling everywhere. I felt my car shake, but the pole didn't split. Literally thought my car had caught fire. Cars slowed down when they saw it uh it blocking my exit. I waited and prayed until I was able to pull out of the driveway onto the road with a praise on my lips and heart. It shook me up a little bit, but ain't nobody mad but that devil. Amen. God ain't through with me yet. Amen, Sister Princess. That's the truth. Uh the Lord is not finished with mom. I can't help but give him praise. He who he uh who Oh my I'm just going to read her words. I can't help but give him praise. Who wouldn't Oh, yeah. Who wouldn't serve a God like that? Amen. I agree with that. Also, remember my mom. She's having some tests done. Um, y'all pray all be well. Sister Princess, is this your testimony or your mom? Says testimony from mom. But, uh, so I'm just going to believe it. That's the way it is. It looks like a testimony from your mom, but also she says, "Remember my mom." She's having some tests done today. Pray all will be well. I'm pretty sure that's a testimony of her mother. Amen. Praise the Lord. You love the Lord, say, "Amen." Amen. That's all the prayer requests that I see. I don't have any. Uh just one last check. Amen. Let's go to the Lord in prayer. Join with somebody standing near you. And let's go down this list. Father, we're coming before you for Ethan and Amariah right now. Lord, this sickness is plaguing. Lord, your family. We're thinking of brother Kenny's sick. We're thinking of little Uriah and Lana sick. Lord, we're we're realizing brother Bruce and in this discomfort, Sister Deborah Lowry and all of this sickness, Lord God, you're you're you're our Jehovah Rafa. You're the God that healeth all thy diseases. Lord, I pray for these children of thy kingdom that you will bring them back to health tonight, Lord. Uh put the devil to flight, Lord God, and rebuke him. May, brother Ethan, Sister Amriiah, Brother Kenny, Sister Deborah, Brother Bruce, Brother uh Uriah, Sister Lana, Lord, may they know the healing virtue of the Lord Jesus Christ. We pray Lord God for Sister Phyllis there ministering to her family and her her younger sister. Lord, you see what she's facing. But Lord, you have a daughter there and she has a prayer cloth and we sent it with faith. Lord God, do the supernatural among them. I pray Lord God that you will have your perfect will and perfect way. These unspoken requests that Sister Jean has, you know very well what they are. You're still Jehovah Gyra, Lord. You can do all things, oh God. And we look to you for deliverance in these needs. We think about Brother Rodney, Lord, tomorrow in the probate court. I pray as the brother prayed and we're agreeing with him, it'll be covered by the blood of the Lord Jesus Christ that the Holy Spirit will be there to compel truth and justice. Grant it, Lord God. Bring it to pass. Lord God, let us hear back the wonderful testimony of all of these, Lord God, who are sick and suffering and all of these who need deliverance and all of these who need the power of God to move in their lives. May you grant it to them, Lord. We are believers tonight, Lord. Let the word that was preached for uh tonight go forth, Lord God, in power and demonstration in the lives of the people. May we be able to prove Lord God this this authority as the family of God Lord we are and we are accepting the revelation of our identity in Christ Father and we surrender. Help us Lord God every day to surrender to it more. Let my life be a life of sacrificial obedience. Oh God grant it to us Lord. Grant us that spirit of sacrificial obedience, Lord, that we may be pleasing to you in all things, in all ways, at all times, in any situation. May we put you first. May you be the center of our lives. May you be first, Lord God. As a prophet said, make him first. Don't make him second. He doesn't want to be second. He doesn't deserve to be second. Make him first. Grant it to us, Lord. We love you. We thank you from true hearts. We love you, Lord. These are trying times. We want to draw near to you, Lord God. I pray you'll grant it to us in Jesus' name. Amen. Let's sing some more of that before we take up any testimonies. Amen. Give us another verse of it, Tony. Or whatever you were going to say. Amen. Pass me not. Oh gentle say your hear my humble cry. [Music] [Applause] Well, on others thou art to not pass by. I cry. Savior Savior. Hear my cry. Hear my cry. All others thou are called your calling Lord. Thank God we need to do not leave. Amen. Anybody got a testimony tonight? We read the one from Sister Princess. Anybody else got a testimony before we go? Oh, Sister Meredith right behind you. Um, just an update on my brother. Uh, he came through surgery really well and he's doing really good. He's having to get used to that clicking cuz it's a mechanical valve. So, he it's kind of um scared him a couple of times cuz when he gets a little out of breath, it'll start clicking a lot more and he thinks something's wrong, but it's fine. Um, and uh, I had and my also my nephew, he um, it's it's been a couple of months, but he injured his knee and um, they were they were told that he's he's an athlete and they were told that he didn't need an MRI and they waited around for probably about two months and finally got another MRI. got an MRI because it wasn't getting better and he had a really rare meniscus tear and um it's he's he's got a lot of energy. He's a very energetic kid and this was kind of devastating for him because it was going to be a long recovery and he actually had his surgery um today and when they got in there it actually wasn't as bad as they thought it was and they said he should recover really well. So we really thankful for that. Thank the Lord. Amen. Before we go, anybody going once? Going twice. All right, turn around. Shake hands with each other. Say, "God bless you. We'll see you the weekend." You can be dismissed in Jesus name. God bless you. Go in the love of God. [Applause] [Music] I'm Christ. [Music] Saveior. [Music] Hear my humble cry. [Music] [Applause] All others thou art calling. [Music]
