################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-23 - 250423- Caleb Campbell :Identification - Caleb Campbell - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-23
Title:   250423- Caleb Campbell :Identification
Speaker: Caleb Campbell
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cFxrp9TK3FA
========================================

name in prisoners chains. If you have that turn here, I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. Give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Sing that again now. I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. Give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Sing that now. the midnight hour. If you should find your in your mind, just reach out and pray. [Music] Divide those chains and they will fall in Jesus name. I bless your name. I bless your name, Lord. I give you honor. Oh, I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless your name. Sing the first verse. In prisoners chains with bleeding stripes. all in silence pray that night. Oh, and in their pain began to sing and their chains were loosed and they Oh, just enter in now. Raise your hands. I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name. I want to give you I give you honor. I give you praise. You are the life. You're the truth. Oh yes. I bless your name. I bless. Let's sing a verse now. Some midnight hour, some midnight hour. If you should find that you're in you're in a prison in your mind. Oh, reach down and pray. Ify those shame [Music] and they will fall in Jesus name. Oh yes. Oh I bless your name. I bless your name. I give you honor. What a gift you praise. Oh, you are the life. Yes, you are the truth, the way. I bless your name. Oh, I bless your name. Let's sing it again now. Oh, just worship me. I bless your name. [Music] I bless your name, Lord. I give on earth and I give you praise. You are the life, the truth, the way. I bless your name. I bless. Oh, give him a great big hand clap of praise, Brother Luther. Oh, come on. Let's give him a real worship call today. Worthy Jesus. Hallelujah. Brother Luther, would you come? Amen. Amazing grace, where would I be? Amen. Do you love the Lord? Don't you just love to worship him? Amen. Come up here, Brother Luther, if you could and just um open us up in a word of prayer. And I guess suppose you take the offer now, that'd be just fine. Amen. Bless you. Bless you, brother. Praise the Lord. Let's pray. Father, I love you, Lord. Lord, the desire of my heart that I would worship you and you would accept my worship this evening. Lord, you are worthy. We honor your name this evening. I pray that your Holy Spirit would be pleased with us, Father. Yes. Forgive us for our shortcomings and help us, Lord, walk closer to you, dear God. I pray that you would bless those that stream. Bless the gift that comes forward here this evening to bring the word of life. Help us open hearts to receive what you have. Father, I love you, Lord. I worship you, Father. I praise you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing this as a worship. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound. I once was lost, but now I'm found. Oh, a homeless case, an empty place if not for grace. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound. I once was lost, but now I'm found. Oh, I was a hopeless case, an empty place. If not, if not for grace. Sing that again now. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound. I once was lost, [Music] but now I'm found. Oh, I was a hopeless case, an empty place. If not, where would I be? Where would I be? You only know. I'm glad, Lord. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. Oh, [Music] yes. Jesus. Oh yes. If not for grace. If anybody feels that way, just sing it. Where would I be? Where would I be? Oh God, you hold me. Yes, Lord, I'm glad you see [Music] with eyes of love. Oh, a hopeless case, an empty place, if not amazing grace. Oh yes, it was amazing grace, how sweet the sound. Oh, I once was lost, but now, but now I'm found. Oh, [Music] an empty place, an empty place. We got to sing it one more time. Oh, where would I be? Lift it up now. Where would I be? God, you only know. I'm glad you see with eyes of love. A hopeless case, [Music] an empty place. If not for grace, a hopeless case, an empty place if not for grace. If you're thankful, give him a hand clap of praise. Amen. You can be seated tonight. God bless you. [Music] Oh. Oh, I've heard a thousand stories of what they think you're like, but I've heard the tender whispers of love and the dead of night. And you tell me that you're pleased and that I'm never alone. Lord, you're a good good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. [Music] Oh, I've seen many searching for answers far and wide. But I know that we're all searching for answers. Only you provide. cuz you know just what we need before we say a word. You're a good good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. Cuz you are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways to us. Lord, you are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways to us. [Music] Oh, with love so uneniable. I I can hardly speak. Peace so unexplainable. I can hardly think as you call me. Deeper still, Lord, you're calling me deeper still. As you call me deeper still into love. Love. Love. You're a good good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. It's who I am. You're a good good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. is who I am. It's who I am. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Let's say it back to your feet. How many feel that way about the Lord? Amen. He's a good, good father. Amen. I want to sing us teach a song that I'm sure you might know. I be honest with you. I am a I consider myself a a spare tire song leader now. Out of practice, man. Out of rhythm. I'm a flat spare tire brother. Probably dry rotted a little bit, too. Just dry rotted. But um but uh I just uh so it's probably a mistake to try this, but I had this on my heart so much. And so the one opportunity I get, I'll try to sing this. I just heard it at Louisiana camp and I loved it so much. Sister Deborah, Brother Aaron sang it as a special. We're going to sing it just a little bit faster maybe than they would as a special, but I just thought it was so good. I just want to sing it. Amen. Go ahead. And you could start that. Get Brother Aaron. Make sure he and Sister Deb have lots of volume. I know who I am cuz you know who you are. The cross of salvation. only star. Now I am chosen, free and forgi. Oh yes. And I have a future and it's worth to live in. [Music] I was made to be kept in a grave. I was called by God and my king. I was for more. So why would I make So why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of race is running my way? Oh yeah. And I was made for more. I know who I am. You know who you are. Oh yes, the cross of salvation was only [Music] now I am chosen free and yes Lord I have future and it's worth Sing it now. So I was honest by name. [Music] I was made for more. Think about these words. So why would I make a B my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was made for more. [Music] You call out my name. I'll sing out your praise. Oh, sing it. You buried my past. You buried my past. I'm not going back. [Music] You call my name. I'll sing out your praise. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, I'm not going home. [Music] Why would I to be in a grave? I was. Oh yes. Back to life again. Oh, were you made for more? Raise those hands and praise him like you were. Oh, why would I make why would I make my sh [Music] I was singing that again now. I wasn't made I wasn't made to be in a grave. I was called by name, born and raised back to life again. I was made for more. So why would I be my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? Oh, I was singing that bridge again. Try to sing it. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You call out my name. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelu. Bury my past. You bury my past. And I'm not going back. Hallelu. You call out my name. So I'll sing out your praise. Hallelu. You buried my not going back. Cuz I wasn't made to be tended to grave. I was called by God. Oh, [Applause] oh yes, I was made for more. Why would I be my founding [Music] my way? Oh, I was Oh, we got to sing it one more time. Sounds so good. I was made to be in the grave. I was born back to I was more my is running my way. I know I am yours and I was made more. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord Jesus. Amen. What powerful words. How many believes I was made for more. Amen. I love that so much. We're going to change the order of the service now. Invite Brother Caleb. How many just come with an expectation? Amen. The Lord's got something to say. How many say, "Lord, I'm here to listen." Hallelujah. Amen. I I'm here to listen. Lord, would you speak to my heart? Amen. I believe the Lord has something, Amen. in store for us. Amen. Let's just sing. Um I had a song on my heart that um struggling to think of now that I wanted to sing. Above all, that was it. Above all, let's sing that as we invite Brother Caleb. You ready for the word? Amen. And let's just sing this song as we invite our brother to come. Above all powers, above all kings, above all nation, and all creative things, above all wisdom, above all wisdom, and all the ways of man, you were here. You were here before the world began. Above all, above all kingoms, above all thrones, above all the world has ever known. Above all, above the world and treesures of the earth, there's no way. There's no way to measure what your word crucified. Crucified and laid behind a stone. You live to die. Rejected and alone like a rose trampled on the ground. You took the fall and you thought of me. Yes, thank you all. [Music] Oh, sing it with your hands raised. Crucified. Crucified. Lay behind the storm. You leave to die. Rejected. [Music] You thought of me above all. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Let's just give the Lord a hand clap of praise above all powers. Amen. Don't you just love the presence of the Lord? Amen. No, no place we'd rather be. Amen. In in the whole world. Just uh if you want to go ahead and turn in your Bibles to me, we're going to invite you to the scriptures. We're going to turn into Romans Romans chapter 4 will be our second reading. Go to go ahead and go to Genesis 17 first. Genesis 17 and verses 1. gonna catch the first few verses there and then we're gonna turn into Romans chapter 4. Romans se uh Genesis 17 and it says, "And when Abraham was 90 years old and nine, the Lord appeared to Abram and said unto him, I am the Almighty God. Walk before me and be thou perfect, and I will make my covenant between me and thee, and will multiply thee exceedingly." And Abraham fell on his face. And God talked with him, saying, As for me, behold, my covenant is with thee, and thou shalt be a father of many nations. Neither shall thy name anymore be called Abraham, but thy name shall be Abraham, for a father of many nations have I made thee. And I will make thee exceeding fruitful. And I will make thee nations of thee. And kings shall come out of thee. And I will establish my covenant between me and thee, and thy seed after thee in their generations for an everlasting covenant to be a god unto thee, and to thy seed after thee. And I will give unto thee, and to thy seed after thee, and the land wherein thou art a stranger, all the land of Canaan, for thou art for an everlasting possession, and I will be their God. Amen. And if let's go ahead and turn in our Bibles to Romans chapter 4. Romans chapter 4. And we're going to catch verses 13 down through verses 25. Amen. It says, "For the promise that he should be the heir of the world was not to Abraham or to his seed through the law, but through the righteousness of faith. For if they which are of the law be heirs, faith is made void. and the promise made of none effect. Because the law workketh wrath, for where no law is, there is no transgression. Therefore, it is of faith that it might be by grace to the end. The promise might be sure to all the seed, not to the last only which is of the law, but to that also which is of the faith of Abraham, who is the father of us all. As it is written, I have made thee a father of many nations before him, whom he believed, even God, who quickenth the dead, and called those things which be not as though they were. Who against hope believed in hope. Think of that statement. Who against hope believed in hope, that he might become the father of many nations, according to that which was spoken, so shall thy seed be. And being not weak in faith, he considered not his own body dead now dead when he was about a hundred years old, neither yet the deadness of Sarah's womb. He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong in the faith, giving glory to God, and being fully persuaded that what he was what he had promised, he was also able to perform. And therefore, it was imputed to him for righteousness. Now it was not written for his sake alone that it was imputed him, but for us also to whom it shall be imputed, if we believe on him that raised up Jesus our Lord from the dead, who was delivered for our offenses and was raised again for our justification. Amen. Let's just go to the Lord in prayer. Heavenly Father, we just are so grateful, Lord, and so thankful, Lord, for this opportunity to come before you tonight, Lord. We just have an expectation in our heart to hear from you, Lord. May you just open the word up to us. May you break the bread of life, Lord, to us, Lord. May you bring this thought together, Lord, just the way that you laid it upon my heart, Lord. And may there, Lord, may may their ears be open, Lord. May may we just be ready to receive from you. We love you now, Lord God, and we just commit this entire service to you, Lord Jesus. We're here to give you glory and give you honor. We're here to just separate ourselves from the world for a few minutes. And Lord, just hear from the throne room, Lord. We have many needs here tonight, Lord. We have, Lord, many requests, Lord Jesus. And all of those things can be taken care of in just a moment of your presence, Lord. So, that's what we're here tonight to do, Lord. Not to hear a preacher, Lord, who father is nervous and he and has, Lord, no place being here, Lord, but to hear from you, Father. We're here to hear from the throne roomworm. We commit it to you now in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you this evening as you take your seats. Thanks, bro. Appreciate that. I wanted to try to bring a couple of thoughts together tonight as the Lord uh as the Lord laid the sermon on my heart. um you know, he just kind of gives gives you things and then you try to put it together, but it's really him that puts it together. Amen. So, at first I was kind of torn in a few directions, but I'm just leaning on him tonight to bring it together the way he inspired it to me. So, there in our opening text, we're looking at this statement here that seems almost contradictory to itself against hope yet believed in hope. Amen. It seems like a paradox yet something incredible but true. Abraham and just a kind of a conglomeration of verses. Abraham being not weak in faith, staggered not at the promise, being fully persuaded, it was imputed unto him. And what's amazing about these specific scriptures is that these were all written after he had made the mistakes that he made. Amen. This was written after all the slip ups and after all the human errors. I read this statement that struck me that was commenting on these verses. And it says that we tend to think that the power of faith depends upon us as if it were a feeling that we could conjure up for ourselves. But it has nothing to do with how we feel. Amen. I don't know about any of you here tonight, but I know that my feelings tend to get in my way a lot. Amen. Sometimes we go through ups and downs in our life and and those things can happen because we have human nature. But it doesn't matter how you feel. The promise is meant for you. Amen. You are heirs according to the promise because you believed in Jesus. Amen. But what the scripture is trying to get us to realize here is that that's not a part of the equation. So, you know, 25 years Abraham had to wait for that promise. And just to think about in his mind, there must have been a lot of times that the enemy would get him discouraged. There must have been a lot of times that he didn't feel worthy of that promise. And in waiting so long, I'm sure he had many thoughts that it may never happen. Amen. Because the thoughts are are going to come because that's what the devil does. Amen. The battleground is in the mind. So just because the thought is there, that doesn't mean it's got to manifest. Amen. And in waiting so long, I I know because I'm I'm a brother and I know that the devil came to fight him just as hard as he fights any of us. Amen. But in the midst of all that, he was fully persuaded that what God had promised, he was able to perform. Amen. Abraham's feelings never had anything to do with the promise. He made some mistakes along the way, too, you know, but what I what I love is that it never hindered the promise. And when it when it came time for the promise to be fulfilled, when when the Lord came to Abraham there in Genesis 17, something was going to take place that had actually never happened before. It was a change that was going to take place. And it was going to be more than just on the surface. This was going to be the start of a new covenant promise. This was going to be an identity shift for Abraham and for Sarah. Amen. And he he says, "No more shall you be called by your old name." The Bible said, "No more shall you be remembered by that old identity, for you will be a father of many nations, the father of faith." And you know what's cool about the scripture in Romans is that when you go and and and refer back to Abraham anytime in the New Testament, when it refers back to him, even when it refers back to the mistakes that he made, it never calls him Abram. Even when he made those mistakes, he was Abram. Amen. But he never referred back to him as Abram. He referred back to him as his new identity. Amen. Sometimes we get to places in our life where we make mistakes and the devil gets you looking in the past. But listen, my brother, my sister, your past doesn't matter. Your new identity is in Christ Jesus. Amen. And he sees you through the blood. Hallelujah. Even in Galatians when when it refers back to that mistake he made when when Ishmael was born of a bond woman. You know that mistake was made in Genesis 16 before his name was ever changed. But when the scripture refers back, it calls him Abraham. Amen. Because this was something that had never been never been accomplished because God was going to change. It was a it was a new covenant promise and he was going to change his identity. Amen. Aren't you glad you got a new identity tonight? Hallelujah. As many mistakes as we've made, as many poor choices as we've made, my identity is not in those things. It's not in the mistakes that I've made. It's not in my past sins. It's not in those things. It's in the new creature that Christ has made me. Even when I'm living now and I I fall and I slip up, my identity is not in those things. My identity is in Christ, the sacrificial lamb that he would died so that I wouldn't have sins imputed unto me. Hallelujah. Oh, you know, sometimes they just want to remind the devil of that, you know, because he likes to remind you of your past. I don't know if I'm just alone here tonight, but he sure does like to remind me of my past. He likes to take us down memory lane and bring up those things that we did back before we had an identity change. Oh, but 2 Corinthians says, "But if any man be in Christ, he's a new creature. Old things are passed away. Behold, all things are new." Oh, I'm thankful for a newness, a newness of life. You know, when he came to him and with that promise, there was a change that was going to take place. And it wasn't just an outward manifestation. It was something inward. It was going to change his the the the very identity of who he was and who he would be for all eternity. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. You know, I never noticed this point in scripture, but um Joy and I, we've been reading this book that we were gifted. It's it's about raising children with God being at the center, you know, even even in this godless society. And the writer makes this striking point about the Hebrew boys there in the book of Daniel. You know, when we when those boys were born, they were given names that we often don't refer to. Amen. They were given Haniah and Michelle and Aariah. And if you go and study those names in the Hebrew language, they had incredible meaning. Haniah meaning Yahweh is gracious. Mishel meaning who is what God is. And Azeriah meaning Yahweh has helped. So there was something in the name that they were given at birth, you know, and and in the book of Daniel during that time of the siege, I believe it was the first siege that took them away from their family and from their friends, from everything they knew, and they went to live in Babylon during this time of captivity. They were just young boys. Amen. Think of that today. They were just a a young boy, but something was ingrained within them from when they were just young children. something in their identity. Be even when they lived in a land full of idolatry, even when they were told to do certain things, there was something within them that could not do what the world wanted them to do because their identity was was placed in something firm. There was a firm foundation. And and one of the very first things that that that the Babylonian king did, you see what he did is he recognized their value. So he watched their character and he saw that there was something different about them, something that he knew would be an asset to the kingdom. Scripture says that they were 10 times uh better than all the wise men in the kingdom. But the devil always has a plan to pervert things. Amen. We know that the devil is not a creator. Amen. Which means that he has no originality. Sometimes I just want to take some jabs at him. He has no originality. Amen. He He's not a creator. You need me to use that? Amen. Praise the Lord. Okay. But when he sees something that works for the kingdom of God, Amen, saints of God, he tries to take that thing and he tries to pervert it. So what the devil did is he saw something that worked for God. I've just caught this point and it struck my heart. The devil watched. He's been a spectator throughout all history. And he began to watch. Amen. He began to watch down through history as when when God would do something, he would try to take whatever is whatever it was that he did and he tried to pervert it. He tried to maneuver it. He tried to twist it and use it for his own good. Amen. So way back in in in the channels of history, he watched how Abraham would become a new creature and and his name would be changed. So what happened is is when these Hebrew boys went there, he got this idea in his mind. You know, I'm going to whisper into the king of the Babyl of the Babylon army and I'm going to have them change their name because I want them to change their identity. He wanted to pervert what it was that they had in them. Hallelujah. Oh, saints of God. But it didn't matter how far into Babylon that they went. It didn't even matter what kind of identity on the outward appearance that they tried to to to take from them. They had something f an anchor foundation in which they never left that place. Amen. He recognized the devil would recognize that it was it was more than just a name change. He he watched how it was it was something more than that. He he knew he saw that it was a he he watched how people would now call him Abraham and and and he was referred to as something different than he's always been referred to. He watched how Sarai was now Sarah. He watched how Jacob was now Israel, which is an even more a bigger miracle. He watched this man who was who who was a shyer and had made all these mistakes. But there was a time that came in his life where he had a where he had a connection with God and something changed him. And God decided that this is a time that it's going to be more than just an outward change. I'm going to change your name, but it's going to change your identity. And so what did it do? What did he do? He tried to pervert that. He tried to take that name. He tried to take what their name meant and he tried to rip it from them. Amen. you know, your name, it's just it's it's a greater significance than just a few a few letters. Amen. You know, even after all the years of trying to discourage Abraham and dissuade him a and trying to get Sarah to doubt and to disbelieve. I can't imagine being the devil sometimes after he's done everything he's known how to do to you and to the family of God. He throws every weapon of warfare at you that he has. He discourages you. He torments you. He gives you mind battles. He says you're not a child of God. It goes further than that. You've got scars that he knows about that he works on. He He goes into the secret place because he's watched your life. Amen. So then he plants these things in your mind. Those mind battles. Oh, sometimes they're more than just surface level. And a lot of times when the Lord is trying to deal with those things, it's not just the snap of a finger, friends, sometimes God has to go into intricate places in your spirit to go and put a a stab down on your spirit to be able to get you to a place. Hallelujah. Where where you can be healed of what you need healed from. Oh, saints of God. Hallelujah. He torments you and he causes you to slip up and he causes you to make mistakes and he gives you these mind battles and and he tries to tell you that the promise isn't for you. I can't imagine how many times that thought had to go through Abraham's mind. The promise isn't for you. It's been years and years. Why are you even waiting anymore? Why? You're not even a child of God. Can you think about the mind battles that it took 25 years? Yet he spectates and he watches God manifest the promise in his life. And he does the same thing to you and I today. Hallelujah. He watches you. He watches you come into contact with God. And he watches that there's a nature change. He watches that there's something that takes place on the inside of your spirit and in your soul where where you go from being a no good sinner to to somehow you have now have a desire to serve God. You have a desire to be more than what you used to be and I know you're going to slip up and I know you're going to make mistakes but the desire is still there. Hallelujah. Thank you. Thank you God. How discouraging that would be for the devil. But he watched and he and he saw something that worked and and he watched how right right at the threshold of the manifestation right there in Genesis 17, he saw that God right before it would happen would change their name. In Jacob's life, you know, he was a spectator, like I said, through every mistake that he made. Yet God still chose to change his identity from who he was to who he would always be. Thank you, Lord, for that. Thank you for changing me from the vile wretch that I was and not seeing that person anymore. I know that I still see that person. I know that my mind has mind battles about that person. But that is not who Christ sees. Hallelujah. He sees who we are, not who we used to be. Hallelujah. He saw how he walked different. Something something has changed, you know. And the devil the devil knows when something is genuine. He He watches your life. He sees He sees when something is different about you. when when you became a new creature in Christ, he he's watched it. He's done this a time or two. He's watched it down through history. He's seen every believer that's crossed from death unto life. He's witness this this supernatural event take place, and he desperately does everything he can to try to stop it. Amen. He fights it at every turn, you know. So when when those Hebrew boys came in to captivity under that first siege, the devil, I believe this, he saw this opportunity. He thought, man, these boys with their wisdom and with their gifts, if he could just get them to change the way that God got Abraham to change or that he got Jacob to change, he tried to steal what God had done. and he crafted this plan and he whispered into the thoughts there of the unic that that the king had told to change their name. He said, "I've got a plan. I've watched I've watched this done and now I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to try it for myself." You know, with those new names that were given to those Hebrew boys. We're familiar Shadrach, Meshach, and Abedneo. Those Babylonian names paid tribute to the false gods that they were worshiping there in Babylon. Shadrach means the command of Aku, which was the moon god. And Mach meant who is what? Aku is the moon god. And Abindo means the servant of Nebo. You see what happened was is the devil tried to rewrite their future in the wrong direction. He wanted to steal away their identity. So he gave them these names that were associated attributed to pagan worship to to somehow try and and change the framework of who they were. But it was never going to work because these boys were anchored to something real and something genuine. Oh, I'm thankful that I'm anchored to something real and to something genuine and that when something happens in my life that may be shaking that it doesn't matter because my firm foundation goes beyond any kind of shaking that would happen. The identity that God gives you far outweighs any label that the devil tries to manufacture in your life. Amen. I want to say that that point again because this struck my heart. The identity that God gives you far outweighs any label that the devil tries to give you because what can happen many times is is that maybe we have a condition in our life that we're dealing with. Maybe we have a sickness. Maybe we have a past. Whatever it is, then what happens is is that's that's an enemy that's coming in into your mind. And and then it's not just the condition. It's the mind battles that are associated with the condition. And what begins to happen is is that you can become so shackled to now this label that you have and it becomes a part of your identity. Amen. But what God wants us to to to step out of is and realize is that that is not our identity. We may be shackled to these bodies here on earth, but I've got an anchor in something that's not in this earth. Hallelujah. And just because the devil tries to put some kind of label in my life, that doesn't mean not only it doesn't mean that that I have to live with it. You don't have to live with it. There is a God that can heal your diseases. He can heal the intricate places in your spirit, in your mind. You you don't you may not know how to deal with it, but God knows how to deal with it. Thanks be to God. You you you may come up to a situation that you do not understand, that you do not know how to deal with, but God knows how to deal with it. Amen. And he wants to deal with it. Amen. These are matters of the heart. And God deals with matters of the heart. Amen. Amen. I believe that with all my heart, you know, you may re you may come to a situation where you have a trial in your life, saints of God. You may come to a place where there's a fiery trial like those boys did. Amen. And something can happen. And what what can happen is is not every time in our lives I not every time it goes the way that we think that it should go. Amen. But our trust is in what they said was which was nevertheless. It was a nevertheless if if I believe that God can save me from this and I and that's where my trust is and I know and I've seen him do it. But nevertheless, if he doesn't if I if he so chooses a different path for me, my anchor is placed in that. Amen. But I want to deal with something a little bit further than that. Because what can happen in our minds if we don't deal with that thing, then we begin to start to question things. We begin to start not understanding. And then it begins to seep into your prayer life. It begins to seep into your to to every part of your being as a father, as a parent, as a as a husband, as a brother, as a sister, as a Christian. It be it could begin to seep into your spirit if you don't let the Lord deal with that thing. Hallelujah. You have to let the Lord come in and be the the one who who who takes those things. You have to be willing to surrender it. You have to be willing to open your heart up to it first. You have to be willing to recognize that I've got this and I need the Lord to be able I need the Lord to touch it. I I I I don't know what to do with it, Lord. I don't know where to go with it, but I know you do, Lord. And I don't want my identity to be placed in that thing. And I know that it's a label that the devil tries to put mind battles. He tries to put it can hinder your prayer life. It can hinder all kinds of things. But it doesn't have to stay that way. Hallelujah. Oh, you can rise above that thing. Thanks be to God. He tries to destroy your life. He gets you to He He tries to get you to identify less with God and more with the idols of the world. That's why we have more entertainment now than we've ever had. That's why we have more access to that garbage than we've ever had. It's it's there there's more now. You know, in the times that they had, there was a lot then, but now because there's such a an an instant access to it. It's now more than ever bombarding your mind. Amen. More access to perversion than ever before. But these Hebrew boys never let that name a the name change affect their stand. As far into spiritual Babylon, I mean, they were far into Babylon. They were they weren't just siege. They weren't just a part of the captivity anymore. They had been brought into the king's house. They had been made a part of the kingdom. They had been set above all of the other officers. There was something about them that was different and they were rising in the ranks. They had access to all of these things. But you know, you go and read that story and even when I'm going to get to this in my notes, but even when you there's places where I I read this commentary and it began to deal with that story and it began to deal with how those Hebrew boys could have made justifications for eating the king's meat and drinking the wine. They were living in a foreign land. And what struck my heart on that is is that the enemy can come in our mind and start to give you every kind of justification that you want to have for whatever it is, whatever excuse, whatever it is that you're that you're that's going on in your life. You can have every kind of justification, but I don't want to live my life with excuses. I don't want to be in that place. If I'm having if I'm having a situation, I want to be able to humble myself and say, "Lord, I need you to deal with me on this. I'm not some great big strong man, Lord. I'm a weak man who's got God behind him. And I know God is strong. Hallelujah. Thanks be to God. And these boys, they had they chose to make a stand on what they believed, even if it mean even if it meant something hard to do. Amen. Sometimes when when we when we live in the world and you know sometimes there's this there's this there there's this uh pull to want to blend in. Blend blend in a little. I mean you know you're you may be you may not look as bad as the world does. Amen. You may it may not you may not you're still modest. You know it's maybe maybe not maybe not as modest as as it as the Lord wants it to be but it's definitely better than the world. Those are justifications that I don't want to live in. Amen. Entertainment. Well, it's not I mean, it's just it's not that bad. It's not that big of a deal. Amen. I don't want to live in that place where I can have find an excuse for everything that that I want to do and that I can do. I want to live in a place where I'm soaring in the atmospheres with God. I want to live in a place where if I do fall, then I know that I can go somewhere and he can pick me back up again. Because what can happen many times is if you fall there and if you never go back to the place that you fell. Amen. Then then there's this broken there's this broken path that you're walking on. You need to go back to that place. You need to let the Lord deal with that thing. Thanks be to God. You keep your feet anchored to the name that God gave you. God gave you a name. He gave you He gave you a promise and he sealed you with that promise. Amen. What the enemy tries to get us to do is make a choice in the wrong direction. One point that the writer makes in this book is that these young men had learned a powerful lesson at an early age and was with and it was that they they must do God's work in this world God's way. And that struck me because sometimes we can try to do God's work maybe our way and that is not what they did and that is not the intention. We are to do God's work his way. That that lesson struck me. We can't ever let the influence of the world cause us to compromise on God's on God's word. They could have they could have made every excuse for drinking wine, but they they made a choice. They didn't want their identity to resemble the world at all. Amen. Sometimes I believe that that the enemy can can bring mind battles on our mind and like I say, just it it just makes you it somehow it it's a negative thing to to want to stand out from the rest of the world. But we are called to stand out. We are called to be separate. When you go and read about Abraham and about Lot, the promise could not happen in Abraham's life. The promise happened in Genesis 17. Lot and Abraham had to separate in Genesis 13. So the promise could not manifest in his life until the separation took place. Amen. And I don't want to live in a place where Lot lived. Oh, I did the Sunday school a few weeks ago. Lot made some choices in his life. Amen. Lot made some pretty pretty poor decisions in his life. And one of the first decisions he made was that he looked up towards Sodom. Amen. And and brother Brandham, this is in my notes somewhere. Brother Brandham comes to this point in a quote and he and he begins to catch Lot's heart on this. He didn't know he was going to backslide when he looked towards Sodom. And how many times did he have it in his mind? Maybe a thought crossed his mind while he was in Sodom that maybe I shouldn't be there. Maybe maybe this place isn't where I should be. Amen. All the mornings that he might have woken up and and realized that his wife, her heart was just not in the right place anymore. Something was different about her. He made these choices and the choices that he made affected more than just him. His choices affected his entire family for the rest of their lives. And the choice that he made to go into Sodom and even worse to stay there because what we have is as an example. If you are a lot and if you do have a justification or if you do have something in your life, you have a choice. You have a chance now to say that I don't want to stay here anymore. Oh, I'm thankful to God that we still have a choice to to say I don't want to be in this place. Because what began to happen is once the angels, you know, it was only because Abraham said, "No, Lord, please don't let let let let my family live." And the angels went down in that city and they warned Lot. in-law basically had to drag his family out of that place and his wife was never able to leave there. Her heart never left that place. And it was because of a choice that he made. Think about it. Think about it. It wasn't just one monumental choice. It was a series of small choices that that that that continued to to to compound on upon each other. And finally, they they went to a place where where the I mean, this was the end. And and I mean, you you know the rest of his story, his lot Lot's daughters, and you know, they became the enemies of Israel, their descendants, and it was just it's just a horrible story. You know, we just passed by we just passed by Easter and in in the lesson this past Sunday I had, I was talking about the sacrifice that that the second Adam made for us. You know, if you go back in in back in the Old Testament law when an animal was brought to be sacrificed for the atonement of the sin, the Bible talks about how the priests, they would lay their hand upon the head of the sacrifice and it was Amen. It was that transfer. But we showed how that it was more than just just a a mere contact with the sacrifice. It was more than just laying your hand on the surface of this animal. It was it was more than just surface level identification. Amen. The Hebrew word there that was used to express laying the hand upon was this word saw saw I think and it meant it meant more than just touching. It more it meant more than just contact. It meant that you would lean heavily into the sacrifice. meaning that you were identifying yourself with the sacrifice. It was more than just you making contact with a God that's living in a in a foreign place. Oh my saints of God, when you come into contact with God, let me just express this to you from my heart. I I I bid you, you need to lean heavily into him. You you need to recognize that this was more than just a mere sacrifice. This is the transfer of every wrong thing that you've ever done. Every wrong the the willfully wrong sin that you committed was now being laid upon the head was now being laid upon this sacrificial lamb. And it was more than just a surface level religion. And I'm afraid that that's what's wrong with a lot of the world is they find themselves with a surface level religion. And as a believer, I don't want to have a surface level religion where I come into contact with God because I go to a church that believes the word and I and I hear I hear the word, but I never make it something that I've identified with. You need to make that sacrifice a part of your identity. Amen. It has to be an identification that you are transferring your sin upon this innocent sacrifice. Hallelujah. That's that's what I'm afraid is is that they've never fully identified with their sacrifice. They've never had a revelation of what of the depths of what Jesus really did to atone for their sins. Something significant takes place. It it's a clear it's a clear change within you when we come to Christ. when he changes our name, when he changes our nature. And one thing that you can do is is that you can lean heavily into your redeemer with guilt and with shame. And one thing that you need to always remember because this is just a way of remembrance tonight. One thing you have to remember always is that it's a it's he's still on he's still on the altar. It's still a sacrifice. you still lean into them because we still are making mistakes. We're I hope we're not willfully sinning. I know. But sometimes we make mistakes and we still need we still need that advocate. And when you have that thing that you might deal with, he's still there. It's all encompassing. I It's all It's all encap It's all encapsulated in that. Every redemptive promise is in Jesus Christ. and it's still there for you and I. Thanks be to God. Amen. I want to look into the mirror of God's word and be able to identify myself the same way that those Hebrew boys did. That's who we ought to identify with tonight. Amen. No matter what chains of circumstance, you know, come my way. If even if even if you find yourself in a furnace filled with fire and it sometimes can feel like we are I know physically we probably will never be in a furnace of fire but spiritually you are you are bombarded by mind battles all the time. You are you are there is a constant barrage on you because you're a special target that the enemy has in place. It's the trying of our faith. Amen. James 1:3 says, "The trying of our faith workketh patience, but let patience have her perfect work." Even as believers, this has just been dealing with my heart the last couple of weeks. Even as believers, born again, spirit of God, our faith is tried and tested. And sometimes when you're going through something, a trial, it's a working that's happening. And like I said earlier, it's not always from here to here, the snap of a finger. You have to let patience have her perfect work. You'll find out, you know, the longer I I'm be I'm a Christian, the the longer I the the more I understand that you're going to face situations that are tough to to to fully grasp. And the enemy has a way during those times to work on your mind and get you to try to doubt and get you to try to question. But but remember, saints of God, remember, you need to have patience. There's patience in it. It's having a perfect work in your life. You have an anchor that you're holding to. And just because a mind battle has come in your life, Amen. does not it will not manifest. Amen. We will not allow it allow it to manifest because we are heirs of the promise. Amen. And we take those things captive and we recognize that in our weaknesses he is made strong. Thanks be to God. And God God will get you through it. It may not be today though. It may not be tomorrow. But God will get you through it. Amen. And thanks be to God, you will come out on the other side stronger than you were before. Thanks be to God. But in the process, there will there will be difficulties. The enemy, he's going to deploy every det every tactic in the in the arsenal. If you have the um my do you have the slideshow? You go ahead and pull pull up uh slide two. Brother Brandham says, "You see, when a man or person has really once come has once really come into contact with God, with that genuine revealed faith that is God, that that uh that God is, there's nothing, no time, nowhere can separate that man from his God." I believe it was Paul said there's no strife, no hunger, no perils, neither living creatures or death or anything that can separate us from the love of God which is in Christ Jesus. You are securely anchored in him because you were ordained to life. But Satan thought that he could twist him around a little bit and cuff him off and make him do it. So you see Job with his perfect revelation of God and who God was and how God loved him. He waited no matter what the circumstance was. He waited for his faith to be confirmed because catch this because he had a grip on God which was a revelation. Brother Brandham says he had a grip a revelation from God. The next The next quote is, "If the devil ain't after you," this this actually I saw this a few months ago and this it really spoke. He said, "If the devil ain't got you," this is just some encouragement tonight. If the devil ain't if the devil ain't after you, he's got you. That's all. Because as long as he's after you, that's a sign that he hasn't got you. Let me say that again. If he I as long as he's after you, that's a sign that he hasn't got you yet. But if he isn't after you, it's a sign that he's probably got you. So just remember, as long as he's blasting at you, you are a few jumps ahead of him yet. Just keep going. Sometimes it's just as much if you don't get anything out of this tonight, it's just as much as put one foot in front of the other and keep going. Because if he's battling you, then he hasn't got you. Amen. The devil's intentions in the fire in your life is to get you to doubt God's presence in your life, get you to doubt your identity in Christ, and get you just to question everything. Brother Benham, in this next, actually, I don't have this. You can just uh pause it for a second. Um I don't have this because I'm going to make some uh comments as I go. Brother Benham says this in in uh he says this in the sermon the hour has come. He said he says that one time the Hebrew children when they were carried over in Babylon listen the time came when they had to stand for what was right. The king made a proclamation and he said that whosoever will not bow to this image will be shall be thrown in the fiery furnace. So the time came for Shadrach, Meshach and Abedneo to show their colors, their faith in God. So they turned back to the image, turned their back to the image, and they said, "Our God is able to deliver us from this fiery furnace, but nevertheless, nevertheless, we will not bow to any of their images." There it was. It was time, the season was there. So then the time came that he was going to throw them into the fiery furnace and burn that religion out of them. He gets so mad. the devil gets so mad at you and at any of God's children when you stand on God's word and and let me just tell you tonight if if the devil could throw you in a furnace of fire, he probably would do it. Amen. He tried to do that to the Hebrew boys and he's trying to do it to many of us here tonight with the battles that we're facing. But just like them, I choose to stand on the word. Amen. Brother Benham says like this. He said, listen close now. says that's what the devil tries to do all the time is burn you up on something and make you sicker when you're prayed for it, make you think you've lost your experience with God. He's lying to you. He's lying to you. I know that the mind battles come and I know that it can feel like you're burning up inside like the prophet says that that maybe you that you feel like you've lost your experience with God. Maybe it feels like you'll never make it on the other side of this trial. But let me just say something that the prophet said. He's lying to you. Oh, I know. Sometimes when you're just in the midst of something, it feels like you're never going to get on the other side. It feels like I'm never going to make it out of this furnace. Feels like I'm never going to overcome this thing or I'll never see the other side. But let me just encourage you tonight. Don't stop standing. Amen. The prophet says the time comes when you have to stand on God's word. stand alone and but when the time comes, stand there. And listen, this is powerful. This is th this is probably where the inspiration came from tonight. There's got to be a time when you've got to separate yourself between your feelings and your faith. Let me say that again tonight. There's got to be a time where you separate your feelings from your faith. And guess what, saints of God? That time is tonight. Amen. Oh, I'm sure Abraham sure didn't feel like it was time after all this time of waiting, but it was time for that promise to manifest. I'm sure it sure didn't feel like Jacob like it was time, but it was time for that promise to manifest. Maybe if maybe it doesn't feel like it's time, but it's time for that thing to manifest. Amen. And you've got to be able to separate yourself, your feelings from your faith. They are independent of each other. They are separate from each other because my feelings can get me feeling way down in the dump sometimes. My feelings can lead me astray, but my faith is anchored to one thing that will never move. Hallelujah. There's a lot of times that my feelings have failed me. I don't believe I'm alone tonight. But the dividing line is a choice. Amen. when he separated from Lot, he thought he could do certain things but maintain his religion. Brother Bham says that think of that the prophet of God, he caught his mind in the matter. And it's the it's the same thought can can that can run through a believer's mind. You say, "I'm a believer in God. I I I I go to church, but I'll be okay if I go and and kind of do what I want to do. I'll be okay if I dabble a little bit in in the world. I'll be okay. I'm a believer. I'll be I'll be okay because I I'm a believer. I can compromise maybe a little bit in this area. I I I you know, I I could I could justify eating a little bit of the king's meat. I I I could justify eating I mean, I'm in the foreign land. I I'd die otherwise, right? I I die. Why? Why wouldn't I just I mean, I'll just do it just a little bit. Don't find yourself living with lots argument. Saying that, saying, "I'm a believer, but I can still somehow leave part of myself open to the world. I can still hold on to things in my life." compromises. Even further than that, bitterness. I I I didn't have this. I didn't didn't think I was going to put it in my nose. The Lord just tell me to go this way. You know, when you go and read about Saul, about uh Mikall in in the Old Testament, when it refers to her when she laughed at David, it refers to her as MC. I believe it was McCall, right? It refers to her as McCall, daughter of Saul. And she had this this root in her something in her that she never dealt with. She never dealt with that thing. And it was recognized because her name wasn't MCL, wife of David. She had the opportunity and the choice to be identified with the greatest king that was ever that was ever lived besides Jesus. Amen. She had the opportunity, but there was something in her heart and she chose to stay identified with Saul because it said McCall daughter of Saul laughed and and mocked David at what he did. And then if you go back and read because it was never dealt with, she never had a child. She never bore children because of something that was never dealt with in her life. Don't live in a place where you keep something so locked up and you never let the Lord deal with it because where you left God is where he'll be. You need to go back to that place and deal with that thing. Don't be identified with Saul. Don't be identified with some mistake. Don't be because those things are going to come that the resent bitterness those things do come. But don't let it have a grip on you. But the only grip that you have be the revelation of Jesus Christ in you personally. Thanks be to God. Think of the consequences. He says it wasn't long when Lot seen the big city. He didn't he didn't see Brother Man says this in straight as the gate. He didn't see his wife turning to a pillar of salt. He didn't see he didn't see the fire burning up in the city. But Abraham took the way with the Lord's despised few. He stayed in the desert. He didn't Lot didn't perceive that it was because of a choice that he made that his wife's heart would never be able to leave that place. I made this point in the Sunday school, but I can just imagine that the rest of his life, he had thoughts going through his mind about how he wishes that he could go back to a place where he could have left that place before his wife's heart was stuck there forever. Sometimes we don't realize choices that we make have a long-term effect in our life. And they don't just affect us. Amen. I thought about Samson uh last night. Uh brother Brenham makes this powerful statement we're probably familiar with when he preaches, "Oh Lord, just once more." He says, this isn't in the slides either. I think I only got one more in the slides. He says, "Now when we see Samson standing there, how he is thinking of the things that he once did with the kingdom of God and how he had how God how he had failed God and how he had failed God's people. Yes, sir. Now he is a prisoner of the very nation that God raised him up to destroy." Amen. God has raised us up to be overcomers in the evil day. He raised us up to stand on his word. He placed within us an identity uh with his word, with his promise. He sealed us. It says that we are to be more than conquerors through Christ Jesus. And yet many times the very thing that was raised up for you to destroy has now become something that is hindering you and has victory over you. Don't let yourself live like Samson did. Amen. Don't find yourself oh years down the road and you recognize that oh if I could just do what I once did for the kingdom. Oh, I was raised up to destroy. Make the declaration tonight that I am I am raised to be more than a conqueror in Christ Jesus. I'm raised to be an overcomer in the last day. I know that it's hard. I know that I've got mind battles. I know I've got to fight. Oh, but thanks be to God, I was raised to be more than a conqueror. I was raised to live above that. Hallelujah. Yes. I don't ever want to be in that situation that Samson was in. Amen. He became a prisoner. And just to think of the contrast between him and those Hebrew boys, you know, God raised them up. He knew they were going to have to go and live in Babylon. Even and even when the enemy tried to get them to compromise, tried to get them to change their identity. They held the standard. I just thought about the cont simple contrast tonight between Samson and between those boys. There was a choice. It was one choice. And I want to catch this choice because this is this is something that deals with your heart. Samson let his lust for the world overcome his desires and he never fully recovered. I mean at the end of his life, the Lord granted him that strength back and we're thankful for that and it was an example for us. Amen. But I want to catch these few verses because there's a certain way that the devil influenced Delilah to say it in a certain way. And it was from that one statement and how she said it that broke him. Judges 16 she 15. And she said unto him, "How can thou say I love thee when thine heart is not with me? Thou hast mocked me these three times, and has told me there wherein thy great strength lith. And it came to pass when she pressed him daily with her words, and urged him, so that his soul was vexed unto death. And this next verse is so heartbreaking that he told her all his heart. And it was because there was a statement, I love thee when now when thine heart is not. How can you say you love me when thy heart? There's a way that the enemy works in in people's lives to to not so much go right for she wasn't telling Samson that she wanted him to be captured. She was just trying to get his heart. And that's what the devil does to you. The devil's not trying to tell you that he wants you to die, that he wants you to be living in hell, but he's trying to get your heart and that's the end goal there. So, he's working on your heartstrings. But don't find yourself in verse 17 and where you gave your heart to that thing. Don't give the enemy your heart. Amen. Don't let Don't let what happens up here seep down into here. Amen. That's what Samson's trouble was. He he let and we got we talked on that that quote. He let his feelings dictate his actions. He got so caught up in what she said and how she said it in how many times that she said it that his soul was vexed that he finally told her his heart. You know, she always there was always a portion which this is this is also a sad point is she always had access to a portion of his heart. There was always I mean the moment that he laid eyes on her there was access there because there was a lust of the eye and he loved this this Philistine woman and he was living outside of his ranks. Amen. And what happened was is that finally one day because of the small access that he allowed eventually it became access to it all. And that's what the sad thing is is that the small things can lead to the big things. Amen. I know the enemy does he he presses us daily. He Amen. Does he press you daily? Amen. Just want to bring um just some closing thoughts tonight um on Job. I was going through the book of Job a few weeks ago and you know I never probably should have caught this. I never caught this that the the the devil came before the heavenly council at two different times about Job. First, it was permission to attack all that he had. You know, in the first chapter deals with that, how how Job had lost everything that he held dear, his family and his livestock. But then the next chapter, the Bible says that the devil came again because it it hadn't broken Job the way the devil thought it would. Amen. And so Job 2, it says, "And again there was a day when the sons of God came to present themselves before the Lord. And Satan came also among them to present himself before the Lord. And the Lord said unto Satan, from whence comest thou?" And Satan answered the Lord and said, "From going to and fro in the earth, and walking up and down it?" And in verse four, he asked him this time if he could go a little bit further. He said, "All that man hath he will give for his life. let me take his health from him and he'll curse you to your face. And the Lord the Lord granted he said do what you will but don't take his life. I know we're familiar with that. I read this commentary on it. Job's response to the second test was the physical affliction contrast greatly to his attitude after the first test. Job still did not curse God, but he cursed the day of his birth. He felt it would be a better to never be born than to be forsaken by God. Job was struggling emotionally, physically, spiritually. He his misery was pervasive and deep. And this writer says this, "Never underestimate the vulnerability during times of suffering and pain. Hold on to your faith even if no relief is in sight." Job had gotten to a point in his life where there was no relief in sight. And once once the the the enemy started working, he knew the inner parts of a of a of a man's mind. And and once the enemy started working, he said, "If you let me take his health, there's just something discouraging about about when when you have afflictions in your body." Amen. Some the devil can come and get come in like a flood with those things. Amen. And he and they realize that. But then you begin to realize that it was after it wasn't after the first time he came, but it was after the second time. It was after those difficulties came that God came to reveal himself to Job in a way that had never been done ever. It was it was something this was a vision that God was going to give him that was gonna that was going to last for eternity. It was a vision of the sons of God shouting for joy. It was a vision that in my flesh I will see God. But it was after that second time there was a revelation that struck him. Amen. I just have this if you want to pull this this this last I think it's slide number five. Uh go ahead and bring the musicians. Uh you're here. So go ahead and bring the the musicians. We're going to go ahead and have the last few minutes here. Brother Benham says, he says, "That's right. Job said, 'You're watching those flowers how they die, go into the ground. Springtime they come up again, but man lays down. He doesn't rise no more." Said Job in this way so the children will get it. He's brother Brandham's dramatizing said, "The flower never sinned, but man sinned. And now you're only operating under a shadow. But the times are coming when there will be one come, a worthy one who can stand in the breach and put his hand on a sinful man and a holy God and bridge the way together. Then Job seen the next slide. Then Job seen what the lamb meant. I don't know if I have control of this thing. Oh, it's there. Then Job seen what the lamb meant. He shook himself, stood up being a prophet, the spirit came on him, and he said, "I know my redeemer liveth." Oh, there you are. Through the eyes of faith 4,000 years ahead, he said, "I know what you mean. That just one back there who was promised in Eden. I know my redeemer liveth and at the last days he will stand on the earth. Though the skin worms take me back. These are the words of Job. Like it did that flower. Yet in my flesh shall I see God. Amen. Why? I've come on the basis of redemption. I've come offering the shed blood that represents the blood. This is the type. This is the lamb. The next the one next next it says but way back yonder the Holy Spirit had revealed to him before the world ever started that God selected his blameless spotless lamb to take away the sin of the world and his in his pre-nowledge of it seeing him slain before the foundation of the world was ever laid and Job got a vision of that hallelujah job got a vision don't make any difference what you say now. He believed it. And when he did, the lightnings flashed and the thunders roared. What is it? The man of God getting back into the spirit. There's got to be a little anointing somewhere. That's right. He's got to get back into harmony with God. He said, "Oh, there it is." And notice God restored all back to him again. Restored his health back to him. Why? You Christians here tonight that's sick, you may be sick. That may be all right. God may be trying you for something, but remember, look to the way of redemption. Christ is your redeemer from sickness. Jesus or just keep holding to his unchanging hands. Everything that you have need for is placed in that lamb that has already been slain. And a lot of times we get it in our minds that that oh I'm I'm I'm unworthy. We are unworthy. But God isn't looking at that. We get it in our minds that we've made a mistake so great that we that we're past redeeming. Oh, but God isn't looking at that. He's looking at the lamb that was slain. And Job was able to see by a vision, thanks be to God, by a vision that lamb that was slain in his pre-nowledge before the foundation of the world. That was for you and it was for me. And if you have a sickness, it's for you and it's for me. If you have something in your heart, in your spirit, it's for you. It's for me. Saints of God, it doesn't matter what your need is. He is here tonight. He's here right now to be able to meet that. Oh, and I'm so thankful to that that he's got an unchanging hand. My feelings can cause me to to feel up and down sometimes, but God has an unchanging hand and I want to hold to that. I want to hold to God's unchanging hand. Let's all stand to our feet. Just close just close our eyes tonight. You know, had Job never gone through those circumstances, he may never I just thought about this. He may never have had that vision. And I know if it was me that for the rest of my life, I would be able to hold on to something like that. It doesn't matter what comes my way. I've got an anchor in my spirit, my heart to know. But had he never gone through that circumstance, he may never have come to that revelation. And though had those Hebrew boys never stepped into that fiery furnace, they may never have known what it was like to have a fourth man in the fire. Oh, sometimes you may be going through something and the purpose of it is just it might just be so that you can feel that there is a fourth man in the fire with you with the likeness of the of the son of God with the likeness of him. He He's walking with you. Amen. And I I loved that scripture that I started with against hope believed in hope. A lot of times you just it's hope it feels hopeless but against that I believe in hope. Amen. There was a power within them. They identified themselves with with that. Amen. Let's just bow bow our hearts. If you have a need before the Lord just just make it known as an uplifted hand as the Lord just may deal with your heart right now just where you are. Just open your heart up to him. Just just pour your heart out to him. Just know that he loves you and that he cares about you and that regardless of how you feel or what you've been feeling. That doesn't matter. It does not matter how you feel. God is with you. God is in you and he's here tonight to meet whatever need you may have. Heavenly Father, we just come before you and we're so grateful, Lord. Just be able to know that Lord, it doesn't matter how we feel, Lord Jesus. Sometimes we get to feeling low, Lord. Oh, our anchor is in Christ Jesus, Lord. Oh, and the plan has already been set, Lord. Lord, we're already we're already in your mind, Father, perfected where we need to be, Lord Jesus. And we're just walking our way there, Lord Jesus. Help us in this life. Help us tonight, Lord. Lord, with whatever we may be, Lord, you saw every hand and you know every heart that's here tonight that may hear the sound of my voice tonight, Lord God. May you just deal with them, Lord, in the individual way, Lord, that you do, Father. Lord, whatever it may be, Lord Jesus. Father, I I I I don't have any kind of gift of discernment, Lord, but I believe that the word is a discerner of the thoughts and the intents of the heart. And I believe that the word can do those things and discern things, Lord, that we don't even we don't even know we may be struggling with. Lord, let it do that tonight. I pray. I love you, Lord. I commit every one of these, Lord, individuals into your hands, Lord. May Lord, may they just be encouraged tonight, Lord. May they go home, Lord, just with a nugget from you, Lord. May they go home and to be able to to say to to say that my redeemer liveth, Lord, and I'm identified with him in that sacrifice. Thank you, Lord. We're just a few days past Easter, but Lord, we're still in remembrance, Lord. We're always in remembrance of what you've did for us, Lord. Lord God, and we're so grateful for that, Lord. If there be one here tonight, Lord, that has never made contact, Lord, and leaned, Lord, into their redeemer, Lord, may tonight be a night where they have that chance, Lord God, and that it can go past being something surface level, Lord God, and it can be, Lord, something that they can identify with. We ask these things in the lovely name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Just go ahead and sing whatever's on your heart, brother. Amen. Just just for a few moments. I know it's Wednesday. Just worship the Lord. Just the cross of salvation [Music] was only a star. Now I am chosen, free and forgiven. I have a future. This world I was made to be tending a grave. I was called by name. born and raised back to life again. I was made for more. So why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way home? I am yours and I was made for more. Cuz I know who I am. Shine over you are. The cross of salvation was only started. Now I am chosen for you. He is given [Music] me. I wasn't made to be tending a grave. I was sold by name. Born and raised back to life again. I was made for more. So why would I make a blame my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was made for more. Sing that again. Oh, I was made cuz I was made to be in the grave. I was called by name, born and raised back to life again. I was made for more. So why would I make a man in my shame when a thous [Music] [Applause] [Music] you call my name I sing out your praise [Music] [Applause] You made my man. You call my name. I'll sing out your praise. [Music] You bury my past. I'm not your man. Cuz [Applause] I wasn't made to be tended in a grave. I was called by name. Born and raised back to life again. I was made for. So why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours and I was made for more. I was made to be in a grave. I was told my name or back to life. I was made for more. So why would I make my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours. I was faithful. Amen. [Music] Amen. Sister Hope Quick is requesting prayer over a scarf as a prayer cloth. It's for a woman named Nancy from the farmers market in San Diego. She has uh several losses of friends and family members over the past year and a half and she has recurring cancer. Wow. She is yet another person whom the Lord has used to shower our family with kindness and blessings. So we'll pray over that. Do you want to do that just in in a minute here? Um Sister Kathy Guest says uh result from the biopsy was lowgrade cancer. Will have to do a hysterctomy. Please keep me in your prayers. Brother Jack says, "The Lord has us." Amen. So, we'll be remembering that. Um, Sister Ruth Simmons. Sister Ruth wants a prayer cloth prayed over to take to her aunt. I I saw that prayer request. So, we'll do that as well. Amen. And then, Sister Angela Heth. Dear Pastor Jason, please keep my sister Diana in your prayers. She is facing significant health challenges and is in need of healing physically, emotionally, mentally, and spiritually. We trust in the Lord's comfort and strength during this difficult time as she nears passing. God bless you and thank you, Sister Angela. So, do you want to do this after or this one? [Music] Oh, yeah. And brother JD, um I think I saw brother Brad. Brad is back. So, Brother JD in in Egypt, um pray for traveling mercies and pray for his family as well. So, um, I'll just go to the Lord for this and then we don't do that. Okay. Let's just bow our hearts. Heavenly Father. Lord, you just see the needs, Lord. Father, we're a needy people, Father. Lord, so we just, Lord, come on behalf, Lord, of Sister Hope, Lord. She's requesting. We're going to pray over this prayer cloth, Lord. May when it go into the home of this family, Lord, may you just meet it with your presence, Lord Jesus. That's the greatest gift of all, Lord, is your presence, Lord. May it just follow it, Lord. Father, we just pray for Sister Kathy, Lord Jesus. And Lord, you just see this this need that she has, Lord. Father, we we we know that the doctors can say one thing, Lord. And Lord, we're just going to trust in that, Lord. But we're also trusting, Father, further than that. We're trusting in you, Lord God. May you bring her through this, Lord. May you, Lord, grant her grace, Lord God. May you give her strength. May you be with the doctor's hands. And may you give her encouragement through all of this, Lord, for Lord, for sister an Angela Heth, Lord God, and and this Diana, Father. Lord Jesus, she's just needing a touch from you, Father. May you just go, Lord, in in her life. And may you just touch her, Father. May you just whatever need she has, Lord God. May you just comfort her, Lord. Father, for every need, Lord, tonight unspoken. For brother Jason, Lord, as he is traveling, Lord, yet again, Lord, just doing the the work of the gospel, Lord. May you just keep him safe, Lord. May you encourage him, Lord. May you give him the ammunition that he needs, Lord God, to fight the enemy there, Lord Jesus. May you keep his body, Lord, healthy, Lord. May you be with his family as as he's away, Lord Jesus. And we just commit all these things unto you now, Lord Jesus. We we love you now and we're just thankful Lord for all that you do for us and we commit these things to you now in Jesus name. Amen. So yeah, let's want to do this. This one would be for I guess right. [Music] Dear heavenly father, Lord Jesus, we just come to you now. Father, we just place our hands lord upon except back. [Music] This one would be for sister Ruth's and to her aunt. Heavenly Father, Lord Jesus, we just again come before you, Lord. Father, with this need, Father, for sister Ruth and her family, Lord God, you are the one who makes the final decision. We don't know, Lord God, what her life has, but we know that you are the author of life, Lord. Father, just touch her. Lord God, if it's in your plan, God, may you just provide comfort. Father, if it's in your Lord God, you just might. Praise the name of the Lord. Um, anybody have a testimony tonight? Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. No testimonies. Amen. Can we sing um Did you have a song? Can we sing Hold to God's unchanging hands? It's a It's an oldie, but a but a goodie. Amen. We're just going to sing this and time is filled with swift transition. [Music] Oh not of earth un move can stay. [Applause] Oh you got to be your hopes on things eternal. You got to hold to God's aching hand. Oh, you got to hold to God's unchanging hand. [Music] Oh, to God's unchanging hand. Oh, you got to be your hope soul is eternal. [Music] You got a hold to God's unchanging hand. Just one more time. Just sing it. And come on. This world's f rich. [Music] Oh, so rapidly dec [Music] [Applause] [Music] they they will never pass away. As you see here, you're dismissed in Jesus. God bless you tonight. Amen. To God's unchanging gods unchanging hand. Oh to God I'm changing God's unchanging hand. Oh and be your hopes on things eternal. [Music] You got to hold to God's unchanging hand. [Music] And when your journey is completed, well if to God you have been true, [Music] well fair and bright, your home in glory [Music] for your inner A raptured soul will view. You got to hold to his hand. God's unchanging hand. You got to hold to his hand. God's unchanging hand. Oh, you got to be your hopes on things eternal. Oh, you got to hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, and come of it not the world's vain riches that so rapidly decay. Oh, but see to gain the heavenly treasures. [Music]
