################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-12 - 250312 - Matthew Smith At The Appointed Time - Matthew Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-12
Title:    250312 - Matthew Smith: At The Appointed Time
Speaker:  Matthew Smith
Church:   Bethel Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 41m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GHqZqCeC3vo
========================================

Description:
Brother Matthew Smith ministers the Wednesday  service "At The Appointed Time" on March 12th 2025.  We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] maker. He formed my [Music] heart before even time began. My life was in his [Music] hands. He knows my name. [Music] He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls and hears me when I call. [Music] I have a maker. He formed my [Music] heart. Before even time began, my life was in his hand. Everybody [Music] now. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each year that falls and hears me when I call. [Music] I have a father. He calls me his [Music] own. He'll never leave me. No matter where I go, say he knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees. He's here that falls. and hear me when I call. Say he knows my [Music] name. He knows my free thoughts. He sees each tear that fall. Brother Luther, if you come, hear me when I call. Say he knows. He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees. tear that falls and hears me when I call. Amen. You believe that this evening? He hears you when you call. Amen. Let's pray. Father, we're calling upon you in the name of Jesus Christ this evening. Thanking you, Lord, for your words, revelation of what you're doing in our day and time. As we gather in your name this evening, Father, I pray that you bless each and every willing heart. Father, help us surrender all that we are to you, Lord, not thinking about anything else, but worshiping you in spirit and in truth this evening. Forgive us for our shortcomings, Father. And Lord, we pray that when you break the bread of life, that we would eat abundantly the nutrition that we need. Father, we love you and worship you. I pray that you bless the tithes and offerings. Thank you Lord for being who you are. In Jesus name we pray. [Music] Amen. Thought he sees each tear that falls. And he hears me when I call. [Music] He knows my [Music] name. He knows my every thought. He sees each that falls. And he hears me when I [Music] call. And he hears me when I call. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand this evening. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's sing a little bit of When We All Get to Heaven. When we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus. We will sing and shout the victory. Put our hands together. Oh, when we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus. We will sing and shout the victory one more time. When we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be when we all see Jesus. We will sing and shout victory. Sing the wondrous love of Jesus. See his mercy and his grace in the manion. Bright and blessing. He'll prepare for us the place. Put your hands together. Oh, when we all we get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, when we all see Jesus, we will sing and shout the victory. Well, well, we walk this pilgrim pathway. Clouds will overspread the sky. But we travel when days are over. Not a shout, not a sign. When we all when we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, when we all see Jesus, we will sing and shout the victory. Let us then be true and faithful, trusting, serving every day. Just one glimpse of him in glory will the doors of light repail. Oh, if we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, when we all see Jesus, we will sing and shout to victory. One more time, sing. When we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, when we all when we all see Jesus, we will sing and shout victory when we all when we all we get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be. Oh, when we all when we all see Jesus, we will sing and shout the victory one more time. Oh, when we all we get to heaven. What a day of rejoicing that will be. When we all see Jesus, we will sing and shout victory. Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord some praise this this evening. Amen. Let's give the Lord another hand. Amen. Let's sing a little bit of Soon and very soon. How many ready to see the king? Amen. Soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Say soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Say soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to see the king. Everybody. Soon and very soon. We are going. Soon and very soon. And very soon. We are going soon and very soon. We are going. Say hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to see the king. Well, no more crying there. We are going. No more crying there. No more crying. We are going to see the king. No more crying there. We are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to see the king soon and very soon. Soon and we are going see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going to see the king. Let's put our hands together now. No more dying. There we are going. No more dying there. No more dying there. We are going to see the sea. No more dying there. No more dying. There we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We're going one more time. Soon and very soon. Say soon and very soon. Everybody, we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Oh, soon and very soon we are going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelu. We're going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going to see the king. Hallelujah. Hallelu. Hallelu. We're going to see the [Music] king. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give me a key. A G. A. Let's just worship the Lord a little bit. Amen. Before we [Music] seated in grace, how sweet the sound that save a rich like me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, but now I see. [Music] It was grace that taught my heart to fear and grace my fears relief. How precious did that grace appear. We are I first [Music] believe through men needing to snare. I have already [Music] come race that brought me safe thus far. and grace will lead me on. Let's give the Lord a wave offering as we sing Amazing [Music] Grace. Amazing grace, how sweet the sound that save by me. I once was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, but now I see. This is a song to our savior. Amazing graces, amazing grace. Lord, I appreciate your atmosphere this evening. Oh, down that rich by me. Oh, I once was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, born now. Let's sing it in worship one more time. I see. Lord, we give you the praise. Amazing grace. Amazing grace. Oh, how sweet the sound that a rest like me. Oh, I once was lost, but now I'm found. Was blind, but now I see. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. Amen. Amen. I didn't have any specials. Anybody got a special tonight? Let's see any hands raised. Any specials tonight? Amen. Amen. If it changed during this song, just raise your hand. I'll call you next. Time is filled with swift transition. God on earth unre can stand. Build your hopes on things eternal eternal and full to God's changing hand. [Music] Trust in him who will not leave you. [Music] Whatsoever you may [Music] breathe by earthly friends for senior still more closely to him plea. Everybody sing now. You better hold to God's unchanging hand. Oh, you better hold to God's unchanging unchanging hand. You better build your hopes on things eternal and hold to God's changing hand. Listen now. Trust in him who will not leave you. Whatsoever years may bring if my earthly friends forsake it will still pour closely to him clean. Put your hands together for the Lord and sing. Well, you better hold to God's unchanging God's unchanging hand. You better hold to God unchanging. Well, you better feel your hopes on things eternal and hold to God's changing hand. One more time, say, "Well, you better hold to his hand. Say God's son. Oh, you better hold to his hand. Saying God's unchanging hand. You better build your hopes on things eternal and hold to God's unchanging hand. I like it. One more time. Oh, you better hold to God's unchanging hand. You better hold to God's unchanging hand. You better build your hopes on the things eternal. and hold to God unchanging hand. Amen. Amen. The only hand I seen go up was brother Luther's. Nope, that wasn't him. Amen. How many is ready for the word tonight? Amen. Amen. Let's sing Because He lives. Amen. As the ministry comes. Amen. [Music] Because he [Music] lives, I can face [Music] tomorrow because he lives. All fear is gone. [Music] Because I [Laughter] know he holds my future. Now life is worth the living just because he lives because he lives. I can face tomorrow. Let's give the Lord a wave offering. Because he lives. All fear is gone because I know he holds my future. My life is worth living just because he [Music] lives. Because he [Music] lives I can face tomorrow. [Music] Because [Music] he all fear is gone because I know yes I know he holds the future. [Music] future. My life is worth the living just because he [Music] lives. Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord tonight. Some of you are wondering if it's Sunday morning and if this is Sunday school. It is Wednesday night and I am preaching. Uh but uh it's good to be here. Um I uh uh have this just a little thought. I pretty simple. Um hopefully it's not too simple for you. Um if we could uh before we actually before we go to our scripture, let's let's have a word of prayer. Father, Lord, this this evening as we gather here in your name, in this house you've given us to gather in, Father, Lord, we want to set aside all of our worries and our fears and our struggles, Lord, that we're going to lay them at your feet this evening, Father, that maybe maybe something that would be said that it would encourage the people, Father, that we wouldn't be dependent or relying on some some idea or some concoction that I would come up with some formulation, Lord, that Father, I can't help anybody. Can't really help myself. So, Father, we're asking this evening that you would come down and you would help us. that if I could step out of the way, Lord, that I could set aside any feelings of mine, Lord, set aside any any thoughts of mine, Lord, and and just only accept what you would have to say that Lord, everyone could be blessed, Lord. Everyone could go go away free of a burden that they've been carrying. So Lord, we're we're asking that you would meet us here, that you'd give us grace, that we could yield ourselves to the to the operating of the gift that, Father, that it would it would bring life to us this evening. That you would provide a context for this scripture that we're about to read. that Lord that you would grant us a revelation of it that we could we could read a word, Father, and we could try to understand. But Lord, without your without your revelation, we just never would we'd never grasp it. It would never become real. It would just simply be a a a verse that we could memorize or quote, but Lord, that it would for it to be lived, for it to be real, for it to to put on skin, Lord, it has to be a revelation. So, Father, we're asking that you would grant the revelation of your word this evening as we would read. We ask this in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. want to turn if we would to Haggi, book of Haggi. Some of you might have not heard of that book before. It is in the Bible, I promise. Um, it's book of Haggi. It's right before Zachchariah. Um, and it's two whole chapters. Um, and we're going to return to Haggi chapter 2 and verse one. says, "In the seventh month, uh, in the 1 and 12th day of the month came the word of the Lord by the prophet Haggi, saying, "Speak now." Uh, oh, I'm sorry. I got the wrong book. Whoopsies. It's Habach. That's what I'm looking for. Uh, tell you what, I got it right here on my device and we'll we'll just I'll just read it off of this and you don't have to turn. We'll save some time. Um, so we're reading Habach chapter 2. Uh, I was reading Hagi earlier and I had my marker there. Um, so Habach chapter 2 verse 1. says, "I will stand upon my watch and set me upon the tower, and I will watch to see what he will say unto me, and what I shall answer when I am reproved." And the Lord answered me and said, "Write the vision, and make it plain upon tables, that he may run that readeth it. For the vision is yet for an appointed time, but at the end it shall speak and not lie, though it tar. wait for it because it will surely come. It will not tarry. Behold, his soul which is lifted up is not upright in him, but the just shall live by faith. The Lord bless the reading of the word as you are seated. So, I have a pretty simple kind of a straightforward uh thought this evening. Um, and as a title, I told the the booth, um, at the appointed time. And that's kind of the the theme that we're we're thinking of, you know, that I I had on my mind. And when I read this, it just so struck me that here's the prophet and the Lord speaking to the prophet and he's and he's he's illustrating to this prophet that there's a vision, right? There's a vision that's gone out that's that's governing the lives of the people of Israel that their whole future is going to be in accordance with this vision, right? That the Lord had a vision for his people and it's going to come to pass, but it's not going to happen when they're going to expect. It's not going to happen according to what makes sense to them. It's going to not look like the vision is going to come to pass, but it is. is has an appointed time. There's there's a a a a Lord has a a a a situation. He's got a formulation for how it's going to work out. He's got um an idea of a thought for how this is going to play out. And it's for a certain time and a certain place and a certain set of circumstances. Thank you, brother. Um certain set of circumstances. Uh, and it's going to happen in accordance with that, but people aren't going to think that it's going to make any sense to them, right? It's going to it's going to happen. And when it happens, there'll be no question as to if that's what the vision was. And, you know, obviously, I think we can all kind of relate to this, right? I know in my life, uh, you know, part of this I' I've actually uh preached this sermon before, Brother Blues, and um you know, and I had kind of a different there's a lot of different ways you can go with this and but since then my dad I talked to my dad on the phone um and he told me something and it I don't know it just stuck in my heart and then it really kind of fit with this and so he we're having a phone call and and he was telling just telling me a funny story and it was funny um and he's he's talking about how he was kind of committed is reading with a with a brother in his church, you know, about, you know, weward kids and teenagers being hoodlams. And um he tells his brother, he goes, you know, he goes, "When my youngest son was a little boy, he's like anybody who met him would have been, oh, that kid's going to be a preacher." It's like, I knew he's going to be a preacher. It was obvious. And then he became a teenager and then I thought, "Wow, actually I've got a serpent seed." And you know at the time I would have agreed with him but he's like but completely almost as almost irrelevant to any this is my dad speaking you know almost irrelevant to anything that he did or at least you know what he felt like he had done I got saved and it wasn't he didn't he it wasn't my dad who prayed through with me. It wasn't you know he didn't give me some words that you know inspired me and and changed the course. No, it was kind of not to say irrelevant, but it was kind of separate from anything that he had said or done. Now, I can look back in the past and go, "No, that's actually wrong." All the, you know, cuz my my mom has voiced similar similar feelings like, man, it almost seems like I prayed so many years and it didn't feel like I was of any help. All I I prayed and prayed and prayed and then I had nothing to do with it. And now I can say as the as the subject of all those prayers that's not true. I know because of all the times that were where I could have gone one way and didn't where I know my nature and I would have gone a different way and I didn't. And I can look back and say had I gone that way I never would have ended up in the right place. Right? And that's nothing but a mom and dad who cared. a mom and dad who spent hours praying. But, you know, it's, you know, he tells me the story and it's like, but you know, we have these desires and we have a promise that we're holding to, maybe for the salvation of kids, maybe for a healing, maybe for a deliverance from something, maybe, you know, whatever it is, maybe for guidance. you've got some some difficult decision that you don't know how to handle and you know that the Lord is going to give you there's going to be resolution but it's hard and and a lot of times we you know we get impatient or we get desperate and it happens and it will happen but it's going to happen in accordance to God's time and place and circumstance and we a lot of times we won't even see it woman and it'll be just kind of almost irrelevant to whatever it is that we do. And um you know, I I thought about that and my dad's saying that and it it so struck me that you know, here's my parents praying about my life and and calling on God for their wretched heathen son. And at the same time, there were things that were happening in my life where the Lord had been dealing with me where I was praying for answers to, you know, calling out to God and I wasn't getting anything back. There was a plan for my life, right? There were things that were going to happen and it was all had to happen exactly right or it wouldn't have it wouldn't have wouldn't have worked. It wouldn't have stuck. It wouldn't have landed and it wouldn't have been real and genuine. and it brought to my mind this this quote. Um, so there's there's a couple quotes. One, Brother Bam talks about I don't have it here. I forgot to load it up, but he talks about um how, you know, people will will pray for something. They'll pray and it'll be in accordance with the word. You know, the Lord has a promise for that and then they'll keep thinking about it over and over and over again and they'll be, you know, trying to kind of make it go. And he says, "Whenever you do that, it's like a farmer planting a seed and then going out the next day and picking the seed out of the ground. Oh, will it sprout yet?" You know, and then putting it back and then every day come out to pull it out of the ground to see if it sprouted. It's like, "Okay, you're not letting it grow. You're not let it do it. The word is a seed. Plant it and wait. Take your hands off of it. If you keep trying to push it and and help it, you'll kill it." And the other one is this story of um it's a it's a story uh I'm we've all heard it and where he he sees a vision of a of a little boy who got healed. um in the vision he's praying for the little boy and he you know he sees the the room and the circumstance and all the people and then he goes to pray for the little boy and when he prayed for him the little boy doesn't get well and he's taken it back like what in the world and um he doesn't understand it and then he realizes is because the people there was one person who wasn't in the room that was in the vision the people weren't arranged the right way in the room. And it kind of takes me back like it literally the people everything had to be exactly according to the vision. It couldn't be one thing missing. It had to be exactly right or the or it wasn't going to happen. And I I kind of want to it so struck me. I want to read this. Uh let me pull it up here. Um there it is. Okay. This is this is from 1948 message called experiences. Um and so he's uh he gets to the house. The brother the the man who'd come to him it's um he's beating on brother Bram's door shaking the door calling out you got to help me. And brother Brandon had was in a vision in the house. He's like walking across the living room, goes into a vision, sees the whole thing. Someone's shakes brother Brandham out of the vision and it's the man coming that the vision's about or his son. And so they they go they get the associate pastor of of uh associate minister of uh Jeffersonville of the of the church there. They jump in the car and they drive north up to the man's house. The house is exactly what brother Brandham saw. They go in the house. Um, and um, let me see uh, where was I at? Um, and so they're on their way to the they're on the way to the the the uh to the house. The man had actually backslid and on the way there he gave his heart to the Lord. Um, because you know, you would if if your baby's dying and and the prophet's going to go pray for him. Um, and he says, "We went up, walked into the house, and as soon as I walked in, I seen the mother." Now, here's where you can always speak out of turn. Being that I brought this case is where I almost missed and caused something to happen. You have to watch what you're doing. I walked into the room um, and there laid the little baby lying there. There was the baseboard. There was the dualfofold chair with uh, with the dualfofold. and the man that was with me, brother Graham Snelling, um, and there's a blank spot. It says, uh, God's, so in the vision, he'd seen a a young man with, uh, blonde wavy hair, and that was the, um, brother Snelling was his his associate that had come up with him, and that was the man with the hair. Um, and so he's seen some of the things and so he's kind of in a hurry because the baby, um, I don't know if he'll if he'll say it here, but in the vision, he saw this baby. The baby is like contorted. His arms are wound up behind him. His He said that his feet were curled up and his feet were touching his hips because he was his body was so racked with disease and his chest was swelled up with pneumonia so bad that the fluid was swelled his chest up and he was poking his chest up out of his shirt. I mean, the baby's dying and it's hacking and gagging on and just drowning laying in the bed and this and people are panic. Mama's screaming and d crying because a doctor gave this baby a couple hours to live. Okay, the the human being is gonna be in a hurry, right? The human brother Brandham is going to be in a hurry. No one wants to sit there and watch this baby suffer, right? Everyone's panicked because this baby's dying. But he says, "God's in no hurry. We're the ones in a hurry, not God." And I said, "Bring me the baby now if you got faith." They brought the baby and the mother um the baby was barely living. Um the only way you could tell um was hold a little piece of fine paper to its nose and see if there's breath coming and going from its nose. That's how bad it was. Well, I seen that twisting of the body was the pneumonia. It was just dead practically all of it up to here. And that's the only place it was breathing. Um, that's what the sign of was of the twisting. I said, "Bring it here." And they brought it uh over there and my when I prayed for it, if anything, it got worse. Its little eyes set. Its tongue came out. It little head went back. Well, I thought, "Wait, there's something wrong. I have never in my life seen that fail." Because um that that's just as true as the Bible. God has already spoke it. There's no way you can doubt that. You don't have to ask the person if you got faith. It's already pronounced by Almighty God. It's going to happen. So, he's taken it back because wait a minute, I saw a vision. They It's not regardless of their faith, this is going to happen, right? So, why didn't it happen? And I thought, uh, there was something wrong. And I happen to think, why? There's one person that wasn't in the house and nothing was in order. the old mother was uh nobody there with um them glasses on. He had seen an old an older lady with glasses on sitting in the chair in the vision and she wasn't there. Amen. Um was nobody there with the glasses on. Where was she at? Well, I thought, well, now that and they took the little boy over there and it just choking and it says brother Brand and you know he's making a choking noise and and the mother ran over to it and the father and they began to work on it and put this stuff over its nose and things and they both got to screaming and left the baby alone. Brother Graham started working with it. So just like that now just as blue as it could be its little blue body it laying stiff like that lungs all lungs was congested it was even folded up and pushing his little ribs like that where the lungs was um uh and I'm going to skip down and it says and I know that mother wasn't there then I knew that I had missed I'd failed God and so now brother Brham is having a panic panic attack because here's a dying baby and as far as he's concerned that baby probably's going to die and it's his fault because he missed the vision. He saw the vision and because he got ahead of himself now he's got to he just put himself out there and said, "Well, if you got faith, let me pray for him." And now he prayed for him and this baby might die. And and this man just gave his heart to the Lord on the faith of brother, you know, having faith in the prophet that might show him up. right? How what's this going to do to this family when their baby dies and when a prophet, you know, spoke on behalf of God and because he had told the man on the way up there that it was thus sayith the Lord, he'd seen it in a vision and now this and now he's thinking, I messed it up. I ruined it. I got out of turn and now this baby's going to die. And so, uh, he goes on, he's talking, you know, talking about how he he's, and I've heard this story before. I've heard it, you know, you know, plenty of times. For some reason, in my mind, it was like he just had to sit there and wait for like 15, 20 minutes. It's not what happened. He had to wait for like hours. It was a long time. He didn't say exactly how long. He said he waited till the sun came up. So, however long that was, right? And he's sitting there and everyone's the the baby didn't get any better. It's been getting worse this whole time. It's only looking like it's going to die even more. And then the sun's coming up and the man that he had seen the the associate minister that come up with him that had the wavy hair, he's got to go to work. He's telling the brother, "Ah, brother, you know, I got to go to work. Can you give me a ride back to Jeffersonville?" And the whole time, Brother Bram's obviously having to keep a straight face about all this. He knows that he messed up. They don't know he messed up. And he can't show this. He's having to have, you know, not let these people panic because he's praying. He's he's repenting to God going, "Lord, don't let this baby die because of my failure." Yeah. And he's he's hanging on and he's saying, "Well," and now he's going, "Oh, if he leaves, then who knows when he's going to come back. I might have to wait here for days." Brother Bram's prepared to sit in that room for days because he knows this baby's life depends on it. If he has any hope of this baby living. And so the the brother's getting up to walk out the door. He's going to go to go to work. He got a he's drive uh drove a truck and he's brother Brandon's going, "Oh Lord, you know, let it let this baby live. You know, don't don't punish this family and this baby for my account." And he looks up and he sees the lady with the glasses coming down the driveway. And now his heart's racing like, "Oh Lord, it could happen. It's it's" He's starting to see the vision unfold. But the the one brother's about to walk out the door and she's coming in the back door and the door was locked and she's beating on the door to get in and the other sister has to go let her in. And this guy's putting on his jacket to walk out the front door. And the whole time he's sitting there going with baited breath going, "No, don't walk out that door." And he can't say a word about it. You know who in there? And I'm sitting there reading this going, "Well, Brother Brandham, just tell him to wait a minute. You know, don't don't let him walk out the door. the baby's going to die. You know, don't don't you know, surely you could just tell him to to hold off. It is just a couple minutes. He's about to but he can't he can't say anything. Can't say a word. He's got to sit there and wait for God's timing and do nothing to move it forward of his own doing. And the the the sister walks in, she sits down in the chair and then he's waiting and waiting and waiting. And then the brother is about to walk out and then he goes and he sits down on the chair cuz cuz she had seen the the old the older lady had seen the the baby and started crying cuz it was her her grandson. And she breaks down and starts balling and and and the um the the the man who's going to leave the uh it was actually a relative of his. I think it was his would have been his aunt would have been the old lady. And so he sits down next to her and he starts crying too because it, you know, it kind of broke his heart a little bit. And so when in that moment, brother, he sees it and brother Brandon prays for the baby and the baby gets well. And then he says, and everyone's screaming. He's like, "Oh, you know, you should have seen him scream and shout and you know, run all around the house like you couldn't you can't imagine I mean, these people ba watch their baby go from just dying in agony to happy and and healthy in seconds. And so they're they're rejoicing and they they and he goes, "Now put the baby back in the bed. Put the little boy back in the bed. It's going to take three days for the recovery to be complete." Because that's what he seen in his vision. And in his vision, he had seen that three days later that he would walk back up to that house and that little boy would come out and shake his hand and say, "Brother Brand, I'm perfectly whole or I'm perfectly well." One of the two. And so he'd seen that. And so he's not going to let them mess it up. Put him back in the bed. He's still got to recover. And he goes back to his church and tells the people in Jeffersonville at the church what happened. And he said, "Now y'all come up there with me on this exact day and you'll see that happen. you I'm gonna go back to that house and that little boy is gonna come shake my hand. And and he tells a story about how the whole church went up there with him. They all parked their cars down the road so nobody could see and they all crept up to the house and were looking in the windows. Um the whole church gathering around cuz they and he, you know, goes and knocks on the door and the little boy runs out and shakes his hand and says the exact words that he heard saw in the vision. And this story was just So many times we will have a revelation from God. We will have a word from God in the Bible. We'll read a promise. we will do like brother Jason was saying on on um on Sunday that we'll find something in the Bible because that's I mean really I'm a I am a direct uh I have testimony to this that if you are dealing with a situation you find somebody in the Bible and say Lord you dealt with that person in that way I'm going to do my best to conform to the way they approached you and so you have to respond in the same way because you did it for them. Your word says you'll do it for me in the same way. And so we'll do that and then it doesn't happen exactly the way we thought it was going to do or it's taking a long time or things are looking really grim or we tripped over our own feet and think that we wrecked the promise, right? Because we got outside of what was going to happen. Now here's the thing. Brother Brandham is sitting here say is telling us, "Well, I saw it in a vision. it was going to happen whether they had faith in it or not. Okay, that's what he told us. And at the same time, he's telling us about how he was panicking because he thought he wrecked it. Okay, it was thus sayaeth the Lord. Thus sayaeth the Lord does not take into account your failures. Okay. Thus sayeth the Lord is irrelevant or or your faults and failures and weaknesses and you and you making uh a train wreck out of the situation does not negate thus sayeth the Lord. Okay? That's not how that works. All right? Thus sayeth the Lord means it is 100% going to happen. Just like Abraham could have doubted the word all he wants. You know, it talks about uh uh the the New Testament said that Abraham staggered not. If you read the Old Testament account to the human eye, it looks like Abraham staggered a lot. Okay? But it didn't matter because it was thus sayeth the Lord. The promise was going to come to pass no matter what Abraham did. Okay? The Lord knows the end from the beginning. And when he gives his word, it's going to happen. And it might not look like your particular uh circumstances are going to allow that. And often times those circumstances are us, right? We think our faults and failures. Now, that's not an excuse to just, you know, do whatever, right? That's that is a uh it's it's just simply a promise that when you fail, when you do your best and still fail, that's not going to cut you out of the promise. Okay? That's not there. You have a promise and it's and it's thus sayith the Lord. It's going to come to pass, right? the, you know, every promise in the in the scripture is thus sayeth the Lord. It's it's what the Lord said, right? It's kind of obvious. So, if you're holding that and you're saying, Lord, I'm approaching you on that basis, then that should mean something, right? That's, you know, you know, whatever our situation is, when we're applying the word to that situation, we should have confidence and faith. And even when something happens that shakes our faith, that pushes us, you know, makes us uh uh question, makes us scared that, oh no, maybe I stepped out of line and now it's not going to happen. No, just keep keep your your sides trained on that goal. Keep keep pushing forward, you know, repent. Go to the Lord, you know, repent of what you've done, right? Brother Matt said it really good. I really appreciate it. Confession is good, right? confess your faults and move on, right? You know, I understand that there are situations where the Lord can say no to certain things because for what whole myriad of reasons, but that don't let that don't let the devil use that as a club to beat your faith down. Okay? The Lord wants to help you. And I can guarantee you, I have I have experienced this firsthand that if it's something genuinely that you want that you just have a desire for and the Lord is going to shut that door and just say, "No, that can't happen." Give it some time and you will look back and go, "Oh, no. That was the right thing to happen." Right? I am glad that door got shut in my face because had it gone the way I wanted it to, something much worse was going to happen down the line. Okay, we but always approach approach it as if the answer is yes, right? Don't don't default to no. That's it's always no if you don't have faith, right? So, anyways, I Wow, it is 8 o'lock. Wow, that's fast. Um, let me let me regroup and take a drink of water. Half the time when we have something, we feel like the Lord has has shown us, feels like the Lord has revealed it to us. This is the direction we're supposed to go. we feel like the uncction of the spirit to to move forward and then you know we'll walk out on faith. We'll we'll put footsteps to that. We'll go forward with it and then you know things will happen um or we'll get overzealous. This is the and this is this is honestly I think one of the bigger struggles of not just not so much losing your faith but becoming feeling like you have to do it right. I'm going to tell you a personal anecdote. That's a fancy word for I'm going tell you a little bit of my life story. Um, so I had um when I was a a let's see I have a tendency to be like well I'm going to tell you this story from last week. So it all started in my birthday in 1994. Um so um no so I fast forward from 1994. Um I I was I had just got back from Albuquerque in uh 2019 and um at that point um this is the phase of my life that I would would have wholeheartedly agreed with my dad. I might have been a serpent seed. Um, and uh I mean and I and I I'm saying that kind of facitiously at the time genuinely I believed it and I mean it in that exact terminology like I was kind of convinced that you know the Bible does say that there will be serpent seed and someone's got to fulfill that scripture so it might as well be me. Like and I wasn't being like you know snotty about that. like I wasn't just being uh like wasn't trying to be smart about it. And um but I had kind of come to a point where I was like Lord I guess I knew I I you know things happen and and you know like I said trying to not bog you down with a lot of details. I had become, I will say, God conscious. And I knew that I had come in contact with something really real. And I couldn't I couldn't I couldn't deny that. You know, the Lord, the devil has a lot of ways of of getting he knows your conscience and he knows your um he knows your psychology a lot better than you do and he knows exactly what buttons to push to just wad you up. and you know, mental jiu-jitsu and break your legs. Um, the devil will do that. The the thing is God know is is better than he is um and knows exactly how to undo all that um and knows how to push your buttons even better. And so at the time the devil had really wound me up. Like I was just you it was just a mess, right? Um a lot of people there's a I'm sure if you are familiar with me um you might think oh well he went to college and got convinced that there you know because of some liberal professor. Ah not really um actually most of my professors were really uh um amicable towards religion. A lot of them were Christians actually. Um the thing that wrecked me spiritually was the Joe Rogan podcast genuinely. Um there are two episodes of that of that podcast in which um the people that he had on presented some arguments that absolutely broke me spiritually. Um one of them was a girl who was the from the Westboro Baptist Church and she told her story about how she left the church because she became an atheist. And the other one was a um a man who had he was a a trained stage magician and he uh a large part of his career at that point was busting frauds like uh psychics and stuff like that. And a big part of his career had been exposing a um fraudulent uh con artist who was posing as a faith healer. and he goes through all this and I'm not going to get into all that, but let's just say it made me question a lot of things, okay? And it wasn't like, well, I know that everything that the message is is false. It is I'm going to need some real convincing because I don't know what to believe anymore. Okay? And that's all that's got to happen. That's all that's got to that you the devil gets you to that spot of I don't know anymore and he's got you. You going nowhere, right? you're done. And that's where I was at. I didn't know anymore. I I don't know what to I didn't know what what to believe because things can be fake so easily. It's so easy to to to you know, make something look supernatural and it's not. So if you're if you're going to look for you know oh well vindications vindications can be faked you know and it's not like it's not like uh the people and I'm not going to get into that but the point is you really got to have something real. You got to have something firsthand. You can't rely on somebody else's experience. And I knew that. And so I got to a point where I was like okay I don't know what to believe anymore. So, I'm going to go back to as square one of a place as I possibly can. I'm going to approach God as if nothing I know is real. I don't know. I don't know anything about the Bible because clearly I don't know anything, right? If God is real and he cares about me in particular, not as you know, God will God so loved the the world and that just sort of humanity in general. No, God cares about you in particular, right? It's not just humanity as a whole. I mean he does love humanity as a whole. He loves you particularly. Okay, there there's an important distinction in that. And because otherwise it's too easy to write yourself into serpent seed. And so I got to a point in my life where I said, "Lord, I'm going I don't know how to approach you. I know if there's something if if any of this is real, it is the message. And I know that if I approach you in a way that you've that you've dealt with other people that you have to honor that and I don't know of another way of doing this. So I wrote a letter to God. And in that letter I asked him the two most important questions that I had in my life. And um I went out in the woods. There's a particular tree that when I was a little kid, I would climb to the top of it and that's where I would talk to God. And I said, "If God is anywhere, he's here." And I nailed it to that tree. And nothing happened. Nothing happened. And I said, you know, I've had this moment in time where I really felt like if I was going to talk to God, it had been right here and now. And I'm not going to sit around waiting for an answer. And I had I in the letter I said, "Lord, if you're real, I'm dealing with doubt right now." And Thomas said that he wouldn't believe until he put his finger in your wounds. And when you came back, what you didn't do is appear in the room and banish Thomas. You You gave him what he needed to see. I said, "Lord, I need to see something real because that's the only way I'm going to have faith." And I've got to have something. And I'm not going to put a constraint on it. I'm not going to say, "Well, this is what I've got to see because you know me better than I know myself." If you are really are what you say you are, you will know me better than I know myself and you will show me something that will be so far beyond what I could have come up with. Because if I come up with it, it'll be too easy for me to walk myself back out of it and say, "Well, I wanted to believe in it too much." Because I know human psychology well enough to know that if you really want something to be true, it'll be easy. Like you'll believe in it too easy. So if I want it to be true, then now I'm skeptical of it, right? So no, go beyond that. Go beyond what I'm going to see coming because and if you're God and you're capable and you're actually all powerful, you can do it. Amen. And so that's what I did. And I waited like I didn't even wait. I said until then, I'm not going to act like I believe in anything because I don't. And I went about my day. I went about my way for months. And then time passes, circumstance change. And I come to a point and I have a conversation with our pastor in that office. And it was the thing that I had wrote about in my letter. The two questions that I had were, Lord, do you care about me in particular? And am I supposed to marry Katie? Right? That's kind of important. The two biggest questions of a man's life. And I got the answer to both of them in one shot. And I was like thrilled. You can't even imagine. Like I'm having fits of hysterical uncontrollable laughter. Like like I'm sure anybody who saw this thought I had actually gone insane and needed to be committed. Like actually genuinely completely out of my mind. I have uh you know different I I the only way I know how to describe it in that moment was um which I I will say this um brother Jason has actually told a little bit of the story before and how the Lord had told me an exact phrase to say and it and at the end of it I was like oh why didn't you start with that? Well, because the first two hours of that conversation, there were two things that he were dealing with, and he was dealing with both of those episodes of that podcast. The first two hours was hacking through the theological quagmire of Romans chapter 9. Okay? Because of one problem that I had. And the other problem was was was a supernaturally constructed phrase that cut through every single piece of reasoning that I had to literally quoted a conversation that he had no party to. Brother Jason had no party to this. And he literally quoted an exact quote from a conversation from like 48 hours before that was purely supernatural, right? Completely supernatural with that one phrase. And I'm sitting there going,"Wh didn't you start with that?" Well, it's because he had to deal with both fronts. There were two issues there that had to be dealt with at the time. I didn't even rec realize that. Looking back, I'm like, "Oh, no. That's exactly what had to happen." Um, but here I am and you know, I'm in this moment like, "Oh, Lord, I'm I'm I'm saved. I love the Lord. I'm I have the Holy Like It was just completely reversed all of this these problems in in a moment." And I'm like, well, I guess I gotta go get married now. Like, this is it. This is in 2019. If any of you know when I got married, it's 2021. Okay, I'm sitting going, I have like, as far as I'm concerned, thus sayaeth the Lord, I'm going to marry this girl. And she did not think that. And I'm, you know, she ended up, there's just this whole drama that had to unfold. And then the whole time I'm in agony going, Lord, I thought that this was what was going to happen. And now it's what do you mean? Did I mess something up? Like what happened? And I'm trying to make this happen. I went and talked to her dad. it and she ended up in a courtship with somebody else and I'm going, "Lord, what happened?" And I'm just dying like I'm I'm shaking. This is this is because it's And then of course the devil's going to come in. Oh, well, you you were so convinced you were going to marry this girl. Are you sure you got saved, too? You know, and you're dealing with all that nonsense. And I'm I'm going through this and and you know finally after like a year and a half almost two years I finally got to the point where I recognized that I'm trying to make this happen and I said Lord I can't anymore. I can't do this. I'm not going to keep pushing to make this happen because obviously I can't do it. And maybe I got it wrong. Maybe I completely misunderstood what was happening. Maybe I am a complete lunatic and read something into a phrase that my pastor said and I just need to stop being a weirdo and I'm going to move on. I'm going to go find another girl and we'll just, you know, if it if it's from you, then it'll happen. And I prayed this on a Wednesday. By Friday, everything that I was trying to make happen for the last year and a half got resolved like that. Okay? Because it took me number one, having to recognize that that the two questions were separate questions and that one did not rely on the other. Right. Right. My relationship with that girl had nothing to do with my salvation and vice versa. Right? I had to have an understanding that the Lord had to show me that my salvation was independent of that. And I had to have a a rooting and a foundation that if I never marry that girl, I'm still going to serve the Lord. I had to have that nailed down before I could move forward. Amen. And when I got tamed to that point and said, 'Lord, I will serve you regardless of what happens and took my hands off of it and said,"I going to stop doing I'm going to stop trying to make the vision happen, the vision will work itself out." Amen. And then it did because half the problem with the reason maybe the reason why the Lord can't move in our lives the way we want the Lord to move is because we're too busy trying to move it. Right? It took me realizing that I couldn't make this situation happen and for me to just take let go of it and give it to God and say, "Lord, if it was of you, then you'll make it happen." And it took God like less than 24 hours to fix it. Right. Less than 24 hours. And it took me a year and a half to fail. Right. a year and a half to break my own heart over the situation that God could have resolved in in hours because I was too busy trying to do it because oh well, you know, I I'm going to move forward on faith. Well, move forward on let go. The way you move forward is you give it to God and God will lay the path out in front of you and then you walk on that. Right? If you're trying to forge your own path, well then you're going to end up in somewhere that you don't want to be. I can look back and say if it would have happened the way I wanted it to happen, our marriage would have been a catastrophe because I would have had spiritual problems and she wouldn't have respected me, right? There were there were things that she had that were need to be worked out on her side, too. She had to come to the realization of just how awesome I was. Right. And you know and but and anyways um this is but this is important. You do it in God's timing because if it's done in God's timing, it'll be done with God's results, right? You do it with the you if you want the way if you want it to be the way God envisioned it, then you're going to have to do it the way God wants you to do it, right? You don't get to just go rogue on the blueprints and expect to get the original design. Okay? You don't, you know, I'm an electrician. I've had to wire up buildings with um according to blueprints. Okay? You don't just get to make things up as you go. If you do, the building burns down. Okay? You you seeing the situ like when when God shows you something, you do it in the line and order of his word. And by the way, if you think the Lord showed you something and you're not approaching by the you may have been accurate in that the Lord may have actually showed that to you and it is actually for you to to possess, but if you're going to approach it in a way that isn't scriptural, then God's just going to shut that down until you get your your act right, until you're realigning yourself with the word and approaching it properly. Right? You don't young people, I don't care how much you believe that that, you know, young man or young girl is the right one, they very me way, very well may be, you may be 100% accurate in that, but if you're approaching them with either one of you not saved and full of the Holy Ghost, God will shut that down, right? and and thank him for it because I promise you, you will regret it. Okay? Um if you are approaching a healing and your lifestyle isn't in accordance with the word, well, okay, get that sorted, right? God's not going the same atonement that is for your healing is for your salvation. That means you have to approach the same in the same condition with repentance. Okay? The atonement works one way and that is with a pure heart both for salvation and for healing. And you don't get to approach the throne for for healing grace. If you ha are full of sin doesn't that's that's no go. So we need to we need to learn to stop making things pushing things forward of our own valition. Stop trying to make things happen that we don't have the power to make happen. Right? Uh you know moms and dads with look when brother Brandham's sitting there and this baby is dying. Mom and dad are watching this and and melting down. They're screaming because they're watching their baby drown for hours and it hurts a lot and they're having to sit through this because it's got to happen on God's timing. And no matter how now, I'm sure as soon as that baby is up and running around and fully healed, mama, the all that agony is out the window, right? Not it's not even going to come into your head of that how rough that was. But in the moment, it's really going to hurt. And a lot of the times we're looking at a situation, maybe it's a child who's, you know, gone astray and we're going, "The rapture is going to happen and my baby's going to get left behind, you know, Lord, what you know, and we're we're in agony. We're watching this kid's life go to ruin and rubble because of their hideous attitude and their complete abandonment of of God. And we're in agony watching this happen. But no matter how much of a train wreck that it is, no matter how twisted their life becomes because of the sin, sickness that is set in, you do not let go of that promise. No matter how hard it gets, no matter how much agony you're going through, you recognize that the promise is for you, that it is not going anywhere, that God gave you a promise, and you're going to you're going to hang on to the bitter end because the end is not going to be bitter. Okay? The end is going to be salvation. The end is going to be restoration. The end is going to be healing. The end is going to be beautiful. No matter how miserable things are right now, no matter how whatever your situation is, whether it's healing and all you can see is the sickness that's breaking your body every day. So what? Lying vanities. Okay. When Jonah is in a belly of a whale, which be he's only in there because he went the wrong direction and yet he still holds to a promise and says, "Oh, I am surrounded by the insides of a fish. My head is wrapped up in seaweed. Somehow I'm not dead. Lying vanities. It takes something inhuman to look around at a fish from the wrong way in and say lying vanities. But there's only that's just something supernatural. Right? That's what you have to do. You have to look at your situation that goes, "Oh, well the doctor said, so what?" Right? We do not base our um we do not base our faith on the tree of knowledge. This is not how Christians operate. You base your faith on the tree of life and the tree of life gave you a promise and you're going to hold that promise because the tree of knowledge is full of lies. Okay? And you you move forward on the word. Young person, you may have the Holy Ghost. You're looking at a situation in which ah but that that other young person that I find so fantastic does not have the Holy Ghost. Okay. If you really believe that they are the one, you will have faith. You will pray for them every single day. You will pray for their soul. What you will not do is go pay play patty cake with the devil that's living on them. Okay? Because if you do, it will bite you. It will ruin you. And you may very well be correct in the assumption or in the assessment that they are the cor you're the right one that God intended for you. and you will still ruin your life because you got out of God's timing. You took the seed that God planted for your life that there was going to be a crop that you were going to harvest one day and you went and plucked it out of the ground and said, "I'm going to do this my way. Don't don't do it. I am out of time and gas." Brother Tony, we can we can stand and sing a song. I'm going to yank the parachute. You've heard of helicopter preachers, straight up and straight down. So, we're going to sing a song. I uh half the time don't know when I'm running out of material or inspiration until I do and then we're going to throw the brakes and we're going to get out of here. But first, we're going to sing a song. What do we What are we singing? wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as an eagle. They shall ride and not be weery. [Music] Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord [Music] to they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as e. Oh, they shall ro and not be weary. They shall walk not f. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to a well where they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. Let's all come out of our prayer meeting with wings as eagles. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not faint. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord to [Music] wait. I can say the Lord was speaking to me tonight. So thankful for that. Really, really was encouraged and convicted. Brother Matthew, thank you. Some prayer requests tonight. Brother Jason and Sister Debbie are visiting her family in North Carolina. So pray for them for traveling mercies and brother Matt is not feeling well also um has a has a bad headache and feeling achy and exhausted. So just ask the Lord to touch him. Brother Mark Carter wrote in that he has a prayer request for himself this evening. Uh he's been feeling well unwell all day. Uh, brother Mark uh, Lowry writes in, "Sister Deborah has a date set for back surgery, March 31st. Please keep her in your prayers as she gets ready for that." Um, Sister Meredith writes in, "Please pray for Hazel. She hasn't felt well all day. Has been running a fever. And please pray for protection for Elliot, John, and me so we don't get it as well." Um, brother Aaron uh writes in uh Simmons pray remember my mom Trevi in prayer. She has Bell's palsy and is praying for a speedy recovery. [Music] uh prayer request for Sister Esther who's in labor at the hospital and Sister Hope uh has a testimony she wanted to share. So, I'll read that. We want to thank everyone for praying for Sister Joanne's neighbor, June Brock's mother. A few months ago, her mother, Denise Sers, was diagnosed with stage 4 uterine cancer that had spread. And we put in several prayer requests on her behalf. The first prayer request was for healing and a new doctor. The Lord answered immediately with a new oncologist. The following request was for expedited decisions to be made by the oncology team. Just days later, they made the decision to put off surgery and get her started with chemo and immunotherapy. Following the next prayer request for Denise to be protected from the harsh side effects of chemo, the oncologist decided to put her on lowdose chemo treatments that are designed to allow seniors to maintain better health during the process. There are more treatments but fewer side effects and stress on the b body. Finally, brother Jason and the ministry team were able to send her a prayer cloth cloth. Most recently, I received this update from her daughter June. My mom is out of surgery. Everything went perfectly. They removed her uterus, cervix, both ovaries and tubes. And there were several signs of previous previous tumors, but they didn't find any cancer. So, praise the Lord for his his mercy. Amen. Amen. So, brother brother Matthew, if you'd come and pray for these [Music] requests. Let's bow our hearts. Lord, we're coming before you this this evening, Father. Lord, joining all of our little licks of faith together, coming together as a body of believers that Lord, that together we could bind our shields to of faith together, Lord, and and move forward against the this, Father, the darkness of the age that is around us, Lord, that people plagued with sickness, people attacked by the devil on all sides, Father, for our our dear friends, Father, and our brothers andist sisters, for the Carters, Lord, that Lord, that this sickness that's been going around that's been plaguing people, that Lord, that you would cast that down, that we would not be subject to that, that we would not be we would not be uh that your children would not be uh under the the the the dominion of a of a devil, Lord, but that we would be able to march forward and put that devil in its place. that Father, that we could trample it as as the as the the your children, Lord, and that our our church family would not have to live in a fear of a of a of passing plagues, Father, that our our friends, the Carters, could be completely delivered of that. Father, for our our dear brother uh our sister Deborah, Lord, that this back surgery, Lord, Father, that you would guide the hands of the physicians that we we have faith in our doctors, Lord, that you said that you gave us our medicine as a as a a way for healing. So, Father, we're we're putting our faith in that, Lord. We're putting our faith in in in that your angels would be there, Lord. That you would there would be a supernatural inspiration upon the surgeon who would conduct this operation. That there would be no uh no no hiccups, Lord. There'd be no no mistakes, that it would be perfectly done, that it would be better than perfect, Lord. that there would be no doubt upon anybody's mind that the the the maker of humanity was in the room and and and and made the repair that that that did the that that you did the healing, Father. Not not a uh the the hands of a of a physician, but that they would just be a vessel that you operated through. Father, for our dear our little sister Hazel, Lord, that Father, the devil attacking our this baby, Lord. Lord, that you said that it would be better for a millstone to be hung around in someone's neck than it than do damage to one of your little ones, Lord. So, Father, we're we're exposing the devil in your throne room this morning or this evening rather that Father, that the devil has attacked our little sister and we're we are exposing that thing that you would that your law of healing would be enforced upon this little sister's situation, Lord, that that devil would be would be routed. Holy Father, yes. for our brother Aaron's family, Lord. That his mother that here's this son calling on your name of of Jehovah for his mother. That Lord, that you have a special special place for mothers, Lord. that father that you would move on behalf of this situation that this this devil whose name is Baal's policy would be would be destroyed utterly Father that this would this would be be dispossessed Father that he would be run away like be forced to retreat and flee before our brother and his mother Lord that this situation would be totally under your control Father, finally, Father, for our dear sister Esther, Lord, doing living her life in accordance with your word, Father, to to to be a a a mother, Lord. Father, be with with our our friends, Lord, that here they are to be parents. Here they are in this time of struggle that this baby struggling to come forth. that Lord, you would move on the scene, that your angels would be there, that they would be that the the the hands of Jehovah would be on the situation, that that they could have a baby, a healthy baby, that they could that the mother would be healthy and the and the the suffering would be would be uh uh uh comforted, Lord. That you would be a comfort in this time of struggle. For, Father, there's a a beautiful a beautiful thing about to happen. and that Lord that we we ask that your your healing hands would be on the situation that that the medical field would could do their best Lord but Lord we turn to you for better Lord we we ask these things Father that not just the the the request of of healing Father that Lord that you would be with us as we face this dark time Lord be with the people let us let us not be so hung up in our own doings and goings that we would fail to recognize that your spirit is moving on our lives and guiding us. Lord, that as the people would go forth from the from the service that they would never leave your spirit, Father, they'd never leave your guidance that they'd be of have an assurityity that you are guiding their footsteps, Lord. Father, that Lord, grant us the the faith to press forward. Grant us the revelation to grow in faith. And Father, as we dismiss this service, that you would be with us. You would care for us. That you would walk with us. That Father, without you, we have no hope. We couldn't make it without you, Lord. We owe everything to you. Father, we go in the total dependence upon your word. We thank you, Father, for all these things, all the blessings that you will pour out upon us, Lord, for all the things that you've done for us that we were so unworthy of. Amen. We thank you for all of this, Lord, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. I guess I guess we got a minute for a testimony. Anybody? I got a microphone. I just want to thank the Lord for my five year mile marker uh from being cancer freeise and it's just in my heart that every time I think people people already know this they don't need to keep rehearing it then I'm reminded no this is God's testimony this is something that the Lord wants people to be reminded ed of because it's an encouragement to somebody else who may be going through that or may go through it in the near future. Um that a stage three cancer hit me and God delivered me. It's as simple as that. And um I just pray that it will certainly bless somebody and if they need to hear it that God will put it upon their ears because I needed a lot of encouragement, a lot of comfort and love during that time. And um the word of the Lord is what comforted me on a daily basis from my home. So, I listened to the word, heard a lot of sermons, and every sermon that he picked out for me on YouTube from our ministry that's around the world was exactly what I needed that day. And so, just, you know, I just wanted to give the Lord praise and to let his testimony continue to be heard. And it's been five years. So, I'm so thankful. [Applause] All right. So, about a month or two ago, um this problem with my ankle came up. I had um I had fell from the stairs and hurt my ankle really bad and we had just left for this really long trip to Chicago. Yeah, a wedding. So, Oh, wait. No, that's me. Anyway, sorry. Anyhoo, um I I was going to school with this bad ankle and we have the steepest stairs you could ever see and that hurt really bad. So I I had got I had to go through this for like weeks. It's really bad. Um, a couple a couple days later, um, I I just started praying on this and and in about one or two weeks, my my ank I'm standing on it just fine now. Wonderful. I I can I can go up those stairs like nobody's business. [Music] Praise the Lord. I know I can sure enter in with that. I uh I'll tell this testimony. I've told it before, but I'm going to tell it again cuz maybe someone else needs to hear it. um years ago I blew my knee out going up a ladder um going trying to go through an attic access and um I'm pretty sure just trashed the meniscus in my left knee and I for years after that off and on had ser bouts with knee pain and um I'd come up for prayer and brother Matt prayed for me and he uh had actually had the same injury and my dad had prayed for him for that injury and uh that my dad had anointed his knee with oil and and got down on his knees and prayed for him at that at the altar. So he did the same thing and I got healed and then a little while later I was preaching on here about holding your faith and my knee pain had come back and the devil was tormenting me about how you're going to preach that and you can't hold onto a healing and I preached it anyways and walked off the platform healed and I've never had that knee pain again. It's gone completely. So no matter what, even if sister, if you got a report tomorrow that that cancer was back, you reject it just as hard as you did today. You are healed no matter what. And I don't care what any of y'all are facing. The de you have deliverance. You hang on to that no matter what the report is. Amen. Anybody else got a testimony? Nobody. All right. Well, praise the Lord. I guess we're going to wrap it up. We got another song we want to sing or We shall mount up with wings as legal shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and not teach me Lord. Teach me, Lord, to wait [Music] a They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. They shall mount up with wings as eagles. They shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and never faint. Teach me Lord. Teach me Lord. to wait. Teach me, Lord, to wait down on my knees. Still in your good time. You'll answer my please. Teach me not to reply on what others do. But to wait in prayer for an answer from you. Teach me Lord [Music]
