################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-20 - 250820-Jason WatkinsSin Comes From Sinful Living Pt.2 - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-20
Title:    250820-Jason Watkins:Sin Comes From Sinful Living Pt.2
Speaker:  Jason Watkins
Church:   Bethel Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 52m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xjMc2r2rLBM
========================================

Description:
Brother Jason Watkins ministers the Wednesday night service "Sin Comes From Sinful Living Pt.2 " On August 20th, 2025 We pray this service ministers and encourages you. #alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Help me. Bring me near and bring me near. Draw me to your side. And as I wait, I'll rise up like an eagle and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. Sing that again. Hold me close. Oh, hold me close. And let your love surround me. Bring me near and bring be near. Draw me to your side. [Music] And oh, I wait. I'll rise. I'll rise up like an eagle. And I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. One more time, let's sing. Holy Ghost. Sing it that way. Holy Ghost. Holy Ghost. Let your love, let your love surround [Applause] me. Oh, bring bring me here and draw me to your side. Oh, your side. And [Applause] oh, I wait. I want to rise up like an eagle [Applause] and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of Can we sing a verse now? Lord, I've come to seek. Lord, I come to you. So let my heart be changed, renewed, renewed, flowing from the grace that I found in you. [Music] You want to raise your hands and sing this now? Lord, I've come. And Lord, I've come to know the weaknesses I see in me will be stripped away. [Music] Oh, by the power of your love. Oh, Holy Ghost. Oh, Holy Ghost. Let your love, yes, Lord, surround [Music] me and bring me here. Draw me to your side. And as [Music] I wait, I'll rise up like an eagle and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of all. Let's sing that one more time. Oh, Holy Ghost. Oh, and holy [Music] ghost. [Music] Let your love. Oh, is that your prayer tonight? Let it be Jesus. Oh, and bring me near. Draw me to your side. [Music] And as I wait, I'll rise up like an eagle. and I will soar with you. Your spirit leads me on by the power of your love. Why don't we give him a praise offering with our hands this evening? Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Do you want to just say, "Lord, do that tonight. Draw me close." Amen. Let your love surround me. Amen. And we just want to um sing a few songs here and then we'll take up the offering. Want to sing that song. My hope is in the Lord. Sister Deborah, I don't know if that's F or G if we're in the same key. I stand in awe within the presence of the Lord and whom the wisdom of the ages love. In whom the raging of the sea subsides, the living, the living sacrifice, [Music] the only source of life, my hope is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh my hope [Music] is in you, Lord, forever more. Oh, his tender mercies come with every rising sun. Thank you, Lord. To meet the sinner in his brokenness. [Music] Are you thankful for that? To offer healing and forgiveness. Yes, Lord. And those who trust in him will find their hearts at rest. My hope is in you, Lord. From this time on and ever more, oh my hope is in the Lord forever more. Sing that again now. Oh my hope. Tell him that tonight is in the Lord. From this time on and ever more. Oh, my hope. Yes, Lord is in the Lord forever more. Oh, amen. Want to sing that song? Well, keep it in G. Is that okay? So, forget about yourself. I love this song. Lord just brought this song to me yesterday and I sang it all day yesterday. Sang it all day to today, this afternoon. It's an oldie, but it's a goldie. And I just think that the words mean so much. We have come into his house to magnify his name and to worship him. Is that the reason why you came tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; How many just want to raise a hand and let the Lord know that Lord, I came to magnify your name. Amen. And I love the words to that song because there's a part of it we're going to sing that says, so forget about yourself. Man, you know, sometimes that's what we need to do. I think the biggest thing that gets in the way of worshiping the Lord sometimes is our self. We think about oursel. Well, it ain't about us. Amen. Forget about yourself. Concentrate on him. Amen. And then you can worship him. We have come into his house to magnify his name and worship him. Yes Lord, we have come into his house to magnify his name and worship him. That's why we've come. We have come into his house to magnify his name and worship Christ the Lord. Worship him Jesus Christ the Lord. Sing that again. Now we have come. We have come into his house to magnify his name and worship him. We have come into his house to magnify his name and worship him. Oh, we have come into his house to magnify his name and worship Christ the Lord. Oh, worship him Jesus Christ the Lord. Let's sing this now. So forget it so forget about yourself and concentrate on him and worship him. So forget about yourself just concentrate on him and worship him. Oh, so forget about yourself and concentrate on him and worship Christ the Lord. Oh, worship him. Oh Jesus Christ. You want to raise a hand to the Lord? Sing that again now. So forget about. Oh, so forget about yourself. Just concentrate on him and worship him. Oh, so forget about yourself. Just concentrate on him and worship him. Oh, so forget about yourself and concentrate on him and worship Christ the Lord. Oh, worship him. Oh Jesus Christ. We're going to keep singing that. Give me the second verse. Is it there one? Let us lift up. Let us lift up holy hands. Magnify his name and worship him. Oh, let us lift up holy hands, magnify his name and worship him. Let us lift up holy hands, magnify his name and worship Christ the Lord. Oh worship him Jesus Christ the Lord. Why don't you give him a hand clap of praise? Amen. He's worthy of it. Amen. Brother Brad, are you back there? Brother Luther's come on and take up the offering. We don't see Brother Brad, Brother uh Brother Luther back there. So, Brother Brad, come and take it. Take up the tithes and the offerings. Amen. We don't have announcements. Amen. So, maybe just an uplifted hand. You just want to raise Amen. remember an unspoken need, something upon your heart. You just want to hold that up before the Lord. Amen. and we're going to take up the tithes and offerings. Brother Brad, [Music] let's all pray together. Heavenly Father, we just thank you, Father, for this day. You give us this opportunity to come into your house, Father, to do what we love to do, Lord, to worship you. &gt;&gt; Lord, we just want to come into service, Lord. It's the highlight of our week, Father. It's been a struggle already this week, but Lord, thankful for a place that we can go in the midweek, Lord, that we can come and worship you. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; Father, we just pray over this service tonight, Lord. May you anoint the singing, the special singing and our most know, our pastor, he brings forth the word tonight, Lord. Father, be with those that's out sick, Lord, be with Brother Luther. Father, may you touch his body. Those that's absent, Lord. Those on the internet, Father, you see the needs there, Lord. bless this offering Lord is be used for your glory in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're going to change the tempo now. Give me a fast song. I'll fly away. Sister Deborah will sing that. Well, some glad morning when this life is over. I'll fly away. Come on, clap your hands to a home on God's celestial shore. [Music] [Music] Fly away, oh glory. Fly away in the morning, I cannot die. Hallelujah. By and by, I fly away. [Music] Well, just a few more weary days and then oh I fly away to a land well to a land where joy shall never end. Oh, I'm going to fly away. Oh, and I'm fly away. Oh glory, I'll fly away. I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I fly away. Give me a verse. When the shadows of this life have grown out fly away well like a bird from prison bars as flow fly away oh and fly away oh glory I'm going to fly away. Oh well, I won't die. Halleluah. By and by, fly away. Sing that again now. Oh, and I'm going to fly away. Oh, glory. I'm going to fly away. Well, I won't die. Hallelujah. By and by, I fly away. [Music] Joy unspeakable and full of glory full of glory full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full. And the half and the half has never yet been told. Give me a verse. I have found the pleasure I once craved with thee. Oh, what a wonderous blessing. I am saved. Thank you, Lord, from the awful gold of sin. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. Full of glory. Full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and [Music] a half has never yet been told. Sing that again now. It is joy unspeakable. Yes, it is. It's full of glory. It is joy unspeakable and full of glory. And it have has never yet been told. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Hallelujah. I want to sing that song, but I don't know if it's G. Victory in Jesus my Savior forever. Amen. M maybe F victory in Jesus my Savior forever. He sought me while he sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. Oh he loved me. I knew him now. All my love is to him. Well, he plunge me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. Well, I heard an old old story. How a savior came from glory. How he gave his life on Calvary just to save like people. And then I cried his groaning, his groaning of his precious blood atoning. Then I repented of my sins and won. Oh, sing it like you believe it. Oh, there is victory in Jesus my savior forever. Oh, he sought me and he bought me with his redeeming love. Oh, he loved me. I knew him now. All my love. Oh, he plunch me to victory beneath the cleansing flood. Well, I heard about his healing of his cleansing power, revealing how he made the lame to walk again. And he calls the blind to see. Oh, and then I cried, "Dear Jesus, would you come and heal my broken spirit?" And somehow Jesus came and brought. Did he do it for you? Oh, raise your hands and sing it now. Oh, victory in Jesus. Oh, my savior. forever. Well, he sought me and he bought me with his redeeming blood. He loved me. I knew him and all my love is due him. Oh, he plunged me. Oh, beneath the cleansing flood. Well, I heard about his healing of his cleansing power, revealing how he made how he made the lame to walk again. And he calls the blind to see. Oh, and then I cried, "Dear Jesus, would you kill my bro conspirit?" And somehow Jesus came and brought to me the victory. Oh, I'm singing victory in Jesus my savior. Yes, Lord. He sought me and he bought me with his redeeming love. He loved me. I knew him and all my love. Oh, he cleansed to victory beneath the cleansing. Oh, you got to give the Lord a hand clap of praise for that. Hallelujah. Think about it, friends. He loved me before he knew me. &gt;&gt; He already loved me. Amen. Aren't you God for that? But the Bible says his love was shown to us in this way that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us. Say, when did he die for me? For my sins? When I was at an altar? When I was, you know, repented and cleaned up? No. He looked at you at your worst moment and said that there you are worth it to die for in this condition. How much more if he loved you to save you, how much more does he love you now? Amen. Are you glad for the love of God? &gt;&gt; Are you glad for the love of God? &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. Well, we're going to change the order of the service now. 7:30. We just want to invite our pastor to come. Amen. And have just let the Lord have his liberty. How many want the Lord just to have his liberty tonight? Amen. Just say, "Lord, come and have your way." I want to sing that song key of F. Sister Deb. Um, he counts the stars. One and all knows how much sand. He counts the stars one and all. Knows how much sand is on the shore. He sees every sparrow that falls. He made the mountains. He made the mountains and the seas. He's in control of everything, of all creatures, great and small. And he knows my name, every step that I take, every move that I make, every tear that I cry. Oh, and he knows my name. When I'm overwhelmed by the pain, I can't see the light of day. I know I'll be just fine cuz he knows my name. Let's sing in the second verse now. I don't know what tomorrow will bring. Sorry, I can't tell you what's in store. I don't know a lot of things. That's right. Oh, I don't have all the answers to the questions of life. Oh, but I know and whom I have believed. And he knows my name. Every step that I take, every move that I make, every tear that I cry. Oh, he knows my name when I'm overwhelmed by the pain. I can't see the light of day. I know I'll be just fine. Here's why. Cuz he knows my name. Let's sing that second verse now. I don't know what tomorrow will bring. I can't tell you what's in store. I don't know a lot of things. Is that how you feel? I don't have all the answers to the questions of life. Oh, but I know in whom I have and he knows my name. Oh, every step that I take and every move that I make, every tear that I cry. Oh, and he knows my name. When I'm overwhelmed by the pain, I can't see the light of day. I know I'll be just fine cuz he knows my name. [Music] [Applause] And Amen. Let him know he's welcome. Praise the Lord. Or you want to make sure he's in your midst. Amen. That's what makes it count. You can gather anywhere, anytime, but if you got him in in your midst, it almost doesn't matter where you gather as long as he's there. Amen. God bless you this evening. I'm going to invite you right into the scripture to 2 Corinthians chapter 4. May I greet you in the name of the Lord. Happy to have you in the house of God on a midweek service. Praise the Lord, Sister Don. Good to see you and your family here. God bless you. Amen. Want to by the help of the Lord continue on from last Wednesday. We were we took part one of sin comes from sinful ways. And I um I was able by the help of the Lord to get through um the the real initial burden of my heart on that. And we had a wonderful time and the Lord had a lot of feedback from that sermon. And when the amount that I got back let me know that it that we really are all in this thing together. Amen. We really are. Everybody had an affinity uh with that. And I know and I I had several people uh even before I could get gone from the church say, "Brother Jason, you were preaching to me." And I said to one brother, I just put my hand on his shoulder. I said, "Brother, that was preaching to me." Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, I want to continue tonight and I want to catch some of the um maybe I would call it the practical side of that thought that we didn't have time to get to last Wednesday. But I think these things are good. The Bible is for our instruction, for our admonition. Amen. Uh the the lives of the people are examples that we learn from. And so I want to look at that part of it tonight. 2 Corinthians chapter 4 and we're going to read verses 1-6. If you have it, say amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. 2 Corinthians 4 1-6. Therefore, seeing we have this ministry, as we have received mercy, we faint not, but have renounced the hidden things of dishonesty, not walking in craftiness, nor handling the word of God deceitfully, but by manifestation of the truth, commending ourselves to every man's conscience in the sight of God. But if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them that are lost, in whom the God of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God, should shine unto them. For we preach not ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord, and ourselves your servants for Jesus' sake. For God who commanded the light to shine out of darkness, hath shined in our hearts, you happy for that? &gt;&gt; Has shined in our hearts to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ. Amen. Let's pray. Father, we stand before this redeemed audience tonight, Lord, and there's many things that could be said. You're the word of God is just a unlimited Lord in its in its breadth and its height and its depth and Lord it's a it's a like a sea with no bottom. It just comes Lord and it just keeps coming and we are thankful for that. Now in all of that uh sea of word that could be said tonight we believe Lord that we have exactly your mind for the service tonight. a portion of your word, Lord, that we might learn better of thee. I pray tonight for myself in body that you would touch me and strengthen me. Bless the audience, Lord, speaker and hearer, that let nothing hinder your word going forth. We pray and commit it to you, Lord. I have such a confidence in you and your word, and I know that it will accomplish everything that it's intended to accomplish. Ours, Lord, is to relax. Let the Holy Spirit be the speaker. And I do just that right now Lord in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you friends. You can be seated. It's very interesting when you read the passages there from Paul's letter to the Corinthian church his second letter and he makes a comment in that fourth verse. in whom the God of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ who is the image of God should shine unto them. So we know that Christ is his word and his word Christ shines to the people through his word. Jesus isn't here corporally walking the shores of Galilee uh presenting himself to people. He's here in the form of his word. He's here in the form of his holy ghost. He's here in the form of his bride family. Amen. And and ours it is uh to to be a reflector of his life. And the Holy Ghost who is the enforcer of the word is here to bring God's word to pass in everyone who will believe it. So who all believes it tonight? &gt;&gt; Amen. Well, you're you're fortunate because there's a there's there's another power loose in the world who's actually a god with a small G. And verse four makes it clear that there's a God beside the God. Besides him, there's another one who has been by popular demand of the populations of the earth has been elected to be the leader to be the god as Paul said the god of this world. And so when brother Brandham would come along, he would take that as a theme and he would preach a message the god of this evil age. And you know we we were looking at last time and just to recap a small portion of that I noticed on the archive that it missed the first about the first 10 12 15 maybe 10 to 12 minutes of the sermon. So I was and all I had done in those 10 minutes was to talk uh to establish the um the flow between natural warfare and spiritual warfare. Now, we know that we're fighting the greatest battle ever fought, but we know that's a spiritual warfare. We know that the battle we fight is not against flesh and blood, but it's against principalities. It's against powers. They're real powers of the air. There there are evil forces that Paul is referring to here. And we dealt with it last time how that under the fifth trumpet, the lid was torn from hell, a star fell from heaven. Exactly. uh Isaiah's prophecy concerning Lucifer. How art thou fallen from heaven, oh Lucifer, son of the morning. And he had a key to the bottomless pit. He opens the pit and that that in history and prophecy correlating prophecy to history, we know that was right around the time of the turn of the 20th century. And you can see it because since that time, before that time, we had had wars and rumors of wars, but we had never had world war. And from that time in the early part of the 20th century, you can see that the world digressed into uh a worsening situation of chaos, sin, anger, warfare, political drama, stress, uh nation against nation. Signs of the time, signs that Jesus said the last age would see. Now, you say, "Well, the last age, we've had a bunch of generations since the turn of the 20th century." But don't forget something, friends, that with with God, uh, it takes a thousand of your of our earth years to equal one day in his time. And that doesn't mean, don't ma misunderstand, that doesn't mean that one of his days is like being here for a thousand years. to him from his perspective it's a day &gt;&gt; much like you have a day but you know and they they have proven that Einstein proved that in his special theory of relativity and later on his general theor theory of relativity I mean if you this is this scientific fact which if you were able theoretically it's impossible to do we don't have the technology for it but if you were able to stand nanometers away from an event horizon of Sagittarius A one minute of that time. And that's at the center of the Milky Way. It's a black hole center of the Milky Way. It's 10,000 times the the size of our own sun. And and and if you were able to stand there in front of Sagittarius at the event horizon for one minute, if you could hover over it for one minute, 700 Earth years would pass &gt;&gt; while you were there for one minute. And to you, it would just seem like one minute. And back here, it would be 700 years. So you can see why brother Brandham when he would correlate that that that the Bible says in the last days and brother Brandham would interject and say the last 2,000 years. The last two days, the last 2,000 years. So time doesn't mean the same thing to God that it means to us. We're dropped down into a negative time, a little loop down from eternity. You know, we've got a scripture here shortly where Luke is describing. Matthew doesn't catch this. Matthew, uh, when you go to Mark or you go to John, they don't really, John doesn't deal with the the temptation of the wilderness. Then, um, Mark deals with it a little bit more. Uh, but he doesn't talk about the time where Satan showed Jesus all the kingdoms of the world. You get that from Luke. You get that from Matthew. But Luke gives the most detail. And Luke says actually that Satan showed him all the kingdoms of the earth from start to finish. The ones that had been, that were, and that would and that would come. And the Bible says he showed them to the Lord in a moment of time. &gt;&gt; So, so when you're dealing with those eternal realms, it doesn't mean exactly the same thing. Our perspective, uh, you just realize here you're living in a shadow. And the reason that that's important, friends, is because when you can realize that, then you know that God's got all of this. He's already got it. You're already fixed. It's it's already signed, sealed, and secured. And you're you're God is not going to lose you. A God that can dwell in that kind of a realm isn't worried about you get worried about what you go through last week, this week, or maybe next week. He's not worried at all. He already sees the whole thing. He's already got the whole thing fixed out. So we go through it. Why then? Why do we go through it? For our training. I don't know why you'll go through certain things that I might not have to go through. I don't know why I have to go through certain things you might not have to go through. But on the other side, you don't know yet what you'll be doing. Whatever is going to be your your position there. And if you go into the Old Testament, you can see that everybody's got a position. It's not just sitting around on a cloud playing a harp. We're going to we're going to live. We're going to life. We're going to a civilization that'll never end. &gt;&gt; And if you look in the Old Testament, everybody had a job when they were building the temple. You you you everybody had a position in Nehemiah's day. Everybody had a position. So, I'm glad to know that I'm not just, you know, going through life figuring it out and God is just saying, "Okay, you're saved. See you in heaven." It's not that. He's very much involved in my life in heavily involved in your life and you can take confidence in that. &gt;&gt; We were showing you last time how that this spiritual warfare that we face and we we were we were talking about the theme of sin coming from sinful ways. I want to really take a practical look at that tonight. Uh because the laws of nature dictate that if you put apple seed and sew apple seed, you'll grow an apple tree. And if you sew a weed seed, you'll grow a weed. Whatever you sow, that's what you will reap. That's a law of the physical universe. That's the laws of nature that have been going on. What whatsoever you sow, that's what you reap. Now, the the the rub of that is the both the glory and the rub is that if you sow the wrong seed, that whatever seed you sow when you reap it, you reap a whole lot more than you sowed. &gt;&gt; You take just a couple of seed to and but you get a whole ear of corn. &gt;&gt; Yeah. a whole a whole uh head of wheat with many seed. So if you have sowed poorly then that's why the Bible says when you sow to the wind you'll reap the whirlwind. You don't just get the wind back you get it becomes a whirlwind. Now the flip side of that is is when you sew to the kingdom of God it multiplies itself back to you. When you sew according to the word, then you can be just as assured as a farmer is, whatever seed he puts in the ground, it's going to come up and it's going to have a manifold manifestation. And so, I want to spend every every moment I can sewing the word of God. Sewing the word of God. Sewing the word of God. And if you have spent parts of your life uh sewing uh Hey, hate to turn you around, bud. I need some water. Yeah. Amen. You're not a rookie, but you're out of practice. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. I had one on my desk if you was going to bring me that one. Amen. Praise the Lord, brother Matt. Amen. So, so we find then that that in this law of nature that sometimes we we go down our lives and we we find that we have sown seed that we wish we hadn't have sown. And a lot of times we find ourselves praying for a crop failure. Well, listen. You remember when when Esther came before a hazarus and it was through a deceitful tactic that that evil wicked Hmon co ha caused the king to decree a hazarus decreed a law that was the like the law of the me and Persians and couldn't be retracted. And the law was that on a certain day all the Jews could be killed. Every the whole nation could rise up and kill all the Jews. The problem was Esther was a Jew. No one knew that. The king didn't even know that. She finally outed her own self. I also will perish with my people. And so, so we realize that that she the king says, "Well, what do you want me to do?" And she says, "Change the law." He says, "Esther, I can't do that. That's the laws of the Mes and Persians. Even I can't take back my own. You under you see the the type the spiritual type. God said whatsoever you sow, that's what you reap. That was his law. And you say, "But Lord, I sowed bad seed and the devil made me do it and all this kind of stuff." And Paul acknowledges that that the law which was for my good became for my death because Satan took advantage of it. And so this is what Hmon did. He took advantage of the situation and caused a death sentence to now be on Esther. And so God is saying, you know, you God is saying, son, child, daughter, son, I can't take back my word. If you, if this seed has been sown, it will have to come forth. And so there now, what are you going to do? And Esther's going to die. But what a Hazarus said, but here's what I can do. I can make another law. And I'll make a law that since all the Jews, and I don't remember the dates, I don't remember. I think it may be the 29th, whatever PM is. And he said, "So on the let's just call it the 29th of that month when you can be killed. I'll make a law that on the 28th of that month, all the Jews can arm themselves and kill all their enemies." &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So now on the 29th when the sun rose up, that law was still in effect. But the the other law over the top of that law had destroyed the effect of that law. Remember Jesus said by your traditions you've made the word of God of no effect to the people. And so so now you say Lord I I did I I I swed bad seed. I have such regret. What can I do about it? Just start sewing good seed over the top of it. &gt;&gt; Just start say Lord help me. Get in get in my life. Live through my life. Let me sew good seed over the top of it. And when it comes up I'll never even know it. No one will even know it. It won't have any effect on me. Amen. &gt;&gt; And the only one it will affect because you repented of it is brother Brandham said it goes back on the head of the devil and he has to stand trial for it while you're seated on the throne with Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. Glory to God. So, so yes, we are fighting a terrible spiritual battle, but we have a fantastic general and he has equipped us and he has supplied us in this battle in this spiritual warfare that we fight. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I asked you last time a very sensible question. Would you go to war? Just think now, natural war. Would you go to war against a highly advanced, highly conditioned, and highly trained army that was at with supplied with the most advanced weaponry? They were highly trained. They were highly advanced. They were highly conditioned. Would you go up against them with no training, no conditioning, and no weapons? And the obvious answer is of course not. Because if you did, uh, you would you if you didn't die, if you weren't annihilated in the first few minutes of the battle, you would very quickly be taken a prisoner of war. You would have basically less than no chance against an army like that if you went out unprepared. And so we found that many of God's people, uh, God's children, that God never intended for them to become PS. God never intended for you to get bound by your flesh. God never intended for you to be a weak Christian. God never intended for you to have a besetting sin that you couldn't beat. But some people get those and they're children of God. And I and that was the real big point I was trying to make last time. I'm, you know, I know brother Brandham talks about, you know, people who live in various varying degrees of sanctification like the foolish virgin, the unwise virgin. They don't actually have the oil. They're not actually born again, but they have had an experience with the Holy Ghost. They they have received salvation from destruction, but that's not the same as redemption. Redemption means I don't have to go to the tribulation at all. I don't have to go to the judgment bar. When I get there, my sins have already went ahead of me. They've been met in Christ, and I just I just get my assigned seat on the throne. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You don't want to have your sins follow you there because then you have to stand trial. Now, every man will get a fair trial, but I don't want to stand trial. I'd rather I'd rather have my judgment now be in Christ. So, so even if you were, and I made that point, if you were foolish enough to go into a battle like that, you wouldn't survive very long. And and and and so then I I asked the and we went down a whole list. I went down a whole list. There were there was a number of rights reporting literature that you can find online. and and we know that if an American service member is captured, it's it's not so bad if it's a state that captures him that that that recognizes the Geneva Convention and and different uh rules of war. But if he's captured by a rogue state, thank you, sir. If he's captured by a rogue state that rejects basic human rights and international norms, then the danger is not merely his loss of freedom, which it would be if it was a a civilized state. He would still lose his freedom. But if it's a rogue state, he's going to he's in way more danger of losing more than just his freedom. And we went out a whole list of things the UN have reported that people have been tortured and abused and all kinds of things like that. And I and my whole burden tonight was that God did not put you here to believe a message to be a prisoner of war. &gt;&gt; God didn't put you here and give you a gene of God and give you the Holy Ghost and open your mind to his word to see you bound. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Whom the Son hath made free, &gt;&gt; not set free. Whom the Son hath made free is free indeed. Because we find that Satan is the head of a rogue nation that is global. And because, and I say it that way on purpose because when you go to Matthew 4 or Luke 4, Satan, the Bible doesn't say Satan showed Jesus the nations. It says he showed him the kingdoms. And so we're not just talking about uh uh Satan being the head of a rogue nation. He is the head of this nation. And this nation is quite rogue now from the word of God. It used to be founded on the principles of God. It went rogue many decades ago. And in fact is it was the last one that hadn't gone rogue and now the whole world has. And Satan is the god of the entire age and all the kingdoms of civilization that are on the face of the earth. So, so I'm glad when I read the Bible that I find that the promise tells me that the kingdoms of this world, it doesn't deny that the kingdoms of this world belong to somebody besides Christ. That even Satan, brother Brandon points that out in Luke 4, Matthew 4. He said when Satan said, "All of these kingdoms, they're mine. I'll give them to you if you'll fall down and worship me." He said Jesus never argued that point with him. He never denied, "Oh, they're not your kingdoms, they're my kingdoms." Jesus, but Jesus knew they were Satan's kingdoms under his control. But we find that Jesus knew he would come heir to them someday. So, Brother Brandon would say in in who is in the Israelite worthy of the gospel, Satan never Jesus never screamed at devils. He didn't have to. He knew who he would. He knew who he was. And he knew, brother Ram said he knew that his word would finally conquer. And I'm glad to know that while this world I, you know, is is controlled by Satan, but I'm glad to know that the kingdoms of this world will become the kingdoms of our Lord and of his Christ, of his bride. And by the way, may I say that he's the Satan might be the the kingdoms of this world, but I'm not from this world. &gt;&gt; I don't have an allegiance to this world. I come from another world who and I have an allegiance to that king &gt;&gt; and he has not put me here to be in bondage to this king that God does not intend for me to live in bondage and subjugation to the god of this evil age. Brother Brandham says notice this is how he Satan became the god of the age. They the people exalt him above all that's called God. And I'm not going to read it tonight, but brother Brandham had dealt with second Thessalonians. Doesn't second Thessalonians say they would do it? It does. It teaches that. And he's he's going to be worshiped as the Bible said above all that is called God. So he as God sets in the church of God proving that he is God because he's got the people worshiping him. God is the word. And so he exalts himself above all that's called God. How does he get to be a worshiped being like a God? How does he get treated like a God? Because he has placed himself above the word and people believe him instead of the word. You see how that works? So now he's the God because he has exalted himself above that which is called God. And when the people believe him instead of this, then he becomes the elected God of the age. He's praised for it. Oh, let the people God see that deception. He is praised for it and solemnly believed by the people of this evil age. Now, do you see the God and his servants of this evil age? Now, let's watch it be manifested. He says he is making a better world for them to live in. That's the promise of education and technology and and abundance and wealth and all this kind of stuff. That's the promise they make. It's funny, they've never been able to achieve it uh in 6,000 years of human history. And whenever they got close to it, it all fell apart right away. But he says here, he says he's ma, he says he's making a better world for them to live in by his knowledge apart from the never failing word of God. You know, my opinion, he's made a better world to sin in &gt;&gt; instead of live in. And I'm here to tell you something, friend. A marker, a major marker of a real bornagain child of God is where you come down on those two differing opinions. The world has the opinion this is a better world to live in. But a prophet had a different opinion. Said no, it's a better world to sit in. Now what's your opinion on it? &gt;&gt; Because whatever your opinion that will testify, your life will testify which opinion you subscribe to. That kind of hits us between the eyes, doesn't it? &gt;&gt; Told you we were going to really look at these things practically. We know that decisions are made in the heart. As a man thinkketh in his heart, so is he. And meaning that, you know, that that that heart has a nature. Brother Brandham said it's governed by one of two natures, faith or unbelief. Either you are converted or you're not converted. You can you can have uh experiences in the Holy Ghost that don't lead to your conversion. The Holy Ghost can anoint your flesh. It anointed the flesh of Elvis Presley. &gt;&gt; You can have an anointing. You can have a work of the Holy Ghost on your spirit and it'll it'll give you a varying degree of sanctified life and it'll make you stop lying. It'll make you start going to church. You'll start become an honest man. The and the world is filled with good people. And God and God will have a place for that. You can read it in the book of Matthew the 25th chapter. There's a whole section of humanity that come to the judgment, the great white throne judgment, who are not born again. They do not have eternal life, but they lived as saints. They lived as righteous people and that because that their record shows that they that they had the right kind of heartfelt response to the word of God. Now, it wasn't earning your way. It's not about, you know, ex, you know, um, a balance scale. It's not that. I've got 900 good deeds and 850 bad deeds, so I get in. It's not that. You can't earn your way to eternal life like that. You'll never be granted eternal life on that basis. It was their what the king was looking at was their heart's response to the word when whenever they faced it, even when they didn't know they were facing it. Because if you'll notice that this group that was that perished tried to list their works and the king didn't deny their works. He just said your heart is full of iniquity. So it was a judgment of their heart. And these other people had done things and and because of how they had responded to the word maybe when they met you or they helped the bride or they were kind to the bride or maybe they just were went about the world as righteous people. You can see that in the Old Testament. You can see that Lot was a perfect type of that. He was never going to get Abraham's revelation. You can see Aimilec. The Bible says of Lot, Sodom vexed his righteous soul. You can see Aimilec, the Philistine king. He was never going to get Abraham's revelation. But yet God came to him and warned him. Said, "You've got another man's wife." And he said, "Lord, my goodness, you know the integrity of my heart. I would have never done that. That man lied to me. You know me, Lord." And the Lord acknowledged that. Yes, I do know the integrity of your heart. That's why I'm trying to keep you alive. Here's what you're going to have to do. You're going to have to take that man's wife back to him. Ask him to pray for you. That lying prophet. Yeah. I need to get this lying prophet to pray for me. &gt;&gt; Or you won't be forgiven if you don't. Wow. Okay. I'll do it. Because Aimilec was used to doing whatever God told him. And it saved his nation. Saved him. Saved his kingdom. As they say, saved your bacon. I don't know what that means, but that's an old saying we used to say. And so it saved his whole nation of people. And and and we now we know that he was never going to get Abraham's revelation, but God recognized him. So you can see you can see Nicodemus uh in the in the Gospels. You can see all of these uh different ones that are you can see Galial, you can see all these different ones who didn't exactly have the full truth. never were never saw it, but yet they were they were sincere in what God had revealed to them. And God there's a there's a record of that. God keeps a record of that. &gt;&gt; See, and so those people didn't even know at the judgment bar what they had done to etern inherit eternal life. They were glad. I mean, it'd be like you and me. Lord, I really don't remember doing I mean, I'm glad I did it, but I really don't remember doing it. But if you say I did it, praise the Lord, I'll take it. And the Bible said, "Enter into the joys of the Lord prepared for you since the foundation of the world." Now, not before the foundation of the world, because that's only to Christ and his bride. Before the foundation, Ephesians 1. Every other place, uh, when it's not speaking of of the of the bride, it's since the foundation of the earth. But to Christ and to his bride, it's before the foundation of the world. &gt;&gt; All right? So this is how your name would be on the book of life, but yet also have your name in the in the special section of the lamb. That's that's election by origin. So that's God's doing. Now I got to keep moving. So So either you are converted or you're not inside of your soul, if you've got a gene of God, then that gene has become alive. The Holy Spirit revealed himself to you, revealed Christ, revealed the word. And in that revelation re revealed to you, not only did he give you the word to believe, but he gave you the faith to believe it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; See, so it's not human faith. It's not faith uh uh just in the son of God. The unwise virgin have faith in the son of God. This is next level. This is the faith of the son of God, the Bible says. So he not only gave you the word to believe, but he gave you the faith to believe it. And that was a revelation. That's the mind of Christ. And that's a new birth. It's a personal revelation of Jesus Christ personally to you. &gt;&gt; And when that has transpired, then death nor hell or nothing can ever separate you from God. Height, death, famine, sword, peril, nothing can ever separate me from the love of God. I have passed from death to life. I could never come into the judgment. &gt;&gt; I am I am I am unindictable. I am a diplom I have diplomatic immunity. I'm no longer from here. I have a heavenly passport. I cannot be indicted. I cannot be arrested. I cannot be charged. I am an emissary of another kingdom. &gt;&gt; And and there is now therefore no condemnation to them which are in Christ. It's not even possible. God won't even hear the case. Can't even accuse God's family in front of him. So we find then that so so in your soul then you only have one of two natures either the one you were born with which is fallen that's why you have to be born again there's a number of things that Jesus has taught us that you must do and probably the foremost commandment is you must be born again &gt;&gt; fail at every other thing But you must be born again. So, so when we see that it comes to believing the word of God and that is a revelation and then you are born again, then Paul's Paul admits that at one time we all just like everybody else had a fallen nature. We were all the children of wrath. This is why we don't judge people because we were all just like them. If God had not left us a seed, we would too would be alltogether like unto Sodom and Gomorrah. So we don't judge the world. We try to persuade them that there's another way. You don't have to die. Why would you die? Come to Christ and live. See, so we're not we're not here to judge the world. I know people think that sometimes because we preach the gospel. Um and and and we we do have the right to to identify fruits and things by the word of God simply because we have the book so clear. But you know, I'm not I said I remember one time, you know, somebody saying to me, "Oh, you're you're judging me." you know, I'm speaking about their lifestyle. I said, 'N no, I'm not judging you at all. Your lifestyle is between you and God. I'm only telling you what the word says, what God likes and what he doesn't, and what he says he'll do about what he doesn't like and what he says he'll do about what he likes. It's up to you. It's not up to me to make you believe it. I'm not. And in fact is I'm not judging you. I'm actually judging me. I'm simply saying the lifestyle you're living, I don't want that. I'm judging me that that lifestyle is not what I want. I want this kind of a lifestyle. And if that sounds to you like I'm judging you, well, I'm sorry. If the shoe fits, then wear it. And if the shoe uh you know, if you don't and if you don't like the shoe, then grow and then it won't fit anymore. &gt;&gt; Amen. Hallelujah. Just just get some spiritual growth to you and the word won't beat you up so bad. Let me change. Word won't spank you so so so often. So either you are converted or you're not converted. But the the Holy Ghost, the Zoey life of your converted nature. Now here's a big practical point. You ready for this? Say, "I'm born again." How many believe you're born again? Now you already know that's a gene of God coming to life. See? Say, "All right, then I've had a nature change." Praise the Lord. I've got I've got a gene of God. Zoe life and it's come to life and it's the seed of God. Amen. All right. But the Holy Ghost, the Zoey life of your converted nature feeds on the things of God in order to be strong. &gt;&gt; In order for it to be strong against the still fallen nature of your flesh. You're still in an unredeemed body. You still have unredeemed senses. Your sight, your smelling, your tasting, your touching, your all your hearing, your memories, your reasoning, your conscience, your affections, your imaginations, they're all unconverted. And when you're when you're born in sin and go through life, you have no battle. All three levels, body, spirit, and soul are all dark. But when you become born again by the spirit of God, now you've got an insight of the inside different kind of a life that is that and now it's all for control of the mind if in the spirit in your heart because now you've been converted but but your memory reason conscious imagination still want to do evil. Paul said when I would do good evil is still present. &gt;&gt; See and so how can I overcome it? I thank God by Jesus Christ. So the only way you'll be an overcomer is to feed on the life that gave you life. It's the greatest battle ever fought. And you need to win it &gt;&gt; if you're going to be successful. God equipped you with every necessary resource to do just that. But Satan's Eden, hear me, Satan's Eden isn't going away. You have to distance yourself from it. It ain't going nowhere. You have to distance yourself from it. We know that the armies of heaven, the Bible speaks of, have always been the elected sons and daughters of the great king, who is the same as the King of Kings. He rules all the heavens above and the earth below. And for over 4,000 years covering the uh era of the Old Testament, he he led his kingdoms through prophets, both major prophets and minor prophets, and to ga and and it was their job to gather his seed from wherever they were uh in the earth. Now, the remaining 2,000 years of earth's history would be a time that he would use to gather a gentile bride. And that's where John when he saw the throne room, he saw seven spirits of God standing near the throne in in Revelation chapter 4. And that is seven manifestations of the Holy Ghost that would work in concert with the seven stars that were held in the hands the right hand of God, which would be seven earthly messengers anointed through those seven spirits of God. You follow that? &gt;&gt; It was a brilliant plan. It worked flawlessly over seven ages, seven church ages of times. Now, these seven stars in his right hand who were who were anointed by the seven spirits of God, the Holy Ghost to anoint them for their age, they they were generals, you know, as it were. We talked about warfare and and and I remember, you know, the beginning of last time we we talked about why why would you why would you think spiritual warfare was different from natural warfare? You said you wouldn't go into a natural warfare against a superior enemy unequipped and untrained. Why would you do that in in spiritual warfare? &gt;&gt; Why do you think you would have any more success in spiritual warfare? &gt;&gt; Wow. if you wouldn't have it in natural warfare. You yourself said you knew you would die in the first few minutes of battle or get captured and lose your freedom and even worse. And I hate to see God's family as PS. So, so we realize then that God sent us these seven generals and and and these seven generals were subject to the king at all times. I remember some time ago I stumbled quite accidentally upon a humorous clip. I have no idea what it was. It was a a real that I I was looking at something else and it popped up and and it was supposed to be funny and I played it and I don't even know what it was or who it was. So don't ask me after church cuz I couldn't tell you. But I remember this cuz it was it was amusing to me. And some CEO is giving, you know, telling he's got one of his his junior vice presidents in his office. I need you to do this and this. I need you to go here. I need you to do that. Do this. And the guy's kind of objecting. Sir, you know, I don't Are you sure it's a good idea? I don't know. Yeah, just trust me. Just go do it. Just go do it. And the guy walks out the door and he go and he turns around and he's got one last harrah. And he says, he says, "But sir," he says, "you know, you you hired me to do this to be in this position and you know, are you sure? Why are you giving me an order? Why why did you hire me for it?" And the CEO walks over to him and he says says, "Oh, I am so sorry. I I apologize. I realize now I made that sound like a request and you did what I did. It was funny. But the the thing that I want I want you to understand is that when orders are issued from the royal throne down to his generals who relayed them down to to the command staff which we said last time was five-fold ministry who then relay them to the fighting force which is you. Then when that happens, they come as royal decrees, as royal directives, as royal commands. And the Holy Ghost, the supreme allied commander of all heavenly armies, expects that you will obey them. &gt;&gt; They're not requests. &gt;&gt; They're commands. And you know, I wanted to say to you tonight, friends, for some for some people who, you know, chafe under that, you love his commands. David loved his his commands. David loved his laws. David loved his words. And you love his words. And I'm here to tell you something, friends. They work in your favor. the the the scripture the scriptures alone describe a a a a level of divine favoritism that is unparalleled and unequaled in the world. You say favoritism is a good thing when God has it. It it's a good thing. And God chose you before the foundation of the world. He chose you in Christ and positionally placed you. You talking about favoritism? Amen. &gt;&gt; See, he offers a legitimate chance to all men to save themselves from destruction. But that's but his family, that's a whole next level. See, so we love those laws. The B, listen, the Bible tells us in the first chapter of Revelation, uh, he hath made us kings and priests unto God. You love that one. And we shall reign with him forever and ever. You love that one. Hey, he told the devil, don't see, you know, touch not the oil and the wine, which is which is God's revelation of his word to you and the joy you get out of believing it. And so that no matter how hard the trial gets and no matter what God allows the devil to to do to you or puts you through, he's commanded, don't touch the revelation, &gt;&gt; at the end of the day, they're still going to have the joy of the revelation. &gt;&gt; You love that law. You love that the devil has to obey that. &gt;&gt; See, &gt;&gt; so that means that no matter what the trouble is, no matter what Satan can do and whatever trial it is, I know it'll be for my good. It cannot touch that revelation. I love that command. So, so don't don't find yourself only loving the commands of God's word that you like. Wow. &gt;&gt; Love all of them. &gt;&gt; And if you've got a problem with some of God's laws, why don't you just say, "Lord, tonight, change my heart, oh God. Change my heart, oh God. Cause me like be like David. I want to love your law. I want to love your words." See, so humanity would finally come to an end of all of its years. 4,000 years of Old Testament, 2,000 years of New Testament, the last uh lives being lived out. And when the last lives are being lived out that were to ever be on the book of life, then I'm here to tell you there won't be any more names added to that book. And life as we know it will change. It will end for many. And we call it the end of the world. But here here's here, you know, and it's often called the the last days. We call it that, the last days. And it's mankind's 6,000-year run in a fallen condition. You've heard me call it that before. And it's going to come, according to the Bible, 6,000 years is going to to come to a a very sudden and inglorious end. But the beauty of it is is it wouldn't be the end for everyone. For some, it would be the beginning. And that's me. It's not an end. The the last days are not my end. The last days mean I've got a new beginning coming. &gt;&gt; See, it's a brand new beginning that will never end. &gt;&gt; A joy unescribable even from this side. a prophet. My a prophet I mean if it's a joy almost indescribable on this side and a prophet went to the other side and and and and when he when he comes back he tries to describe it tries to describe that joy but he couldn't even find the words to say. See so so I I I know I came from the mind of God but I haven't went there. I haven't perfectly um experienced that like a prophet did, but I've heard about it. I've heard about it. That same general that did that uh he he reported how one of these days when I cross over, I'll I'll I'll be on the other side and might think of something that I was so worried about on this side and sit down under a tree and just laugh about it. Won't that be a time, friends, to just think that your trials here, as Paul said, they won't even be worth discussing. Oh my goodness. So, I know this that the love of God was projected to me. I know that grace took over my life. It saved me from a devil's hell. And like Job, like Job says in Job 42, I have heard of thee by the hearing of the ear, but now mine eye seeth thee. That's the desire of my heart tonight, friends, is that you will see God more clearly and that you will see that this war first that we are in a war. And I remember last time in part one of last Wednesday, I I asked you which would you be more concerned about, natural war, spiritual war? And it was a legitimate question. Natural war is tanks and planes and guns and bombs and missiles and drones and and poison, radiation, all this kind of stuff and you know and machine guns and you get killed and don't even you don't hear it coming. Which is worse to you in your mind? Natural war, spiritual war. Now in our human frailty, we would all go, "Man, natural war, well that's pretty scary. I'd be pretty scared. But spiritual war, I can just keep fighting the devil." But actually, Jesus was just the opposite. He said, "Don't even fear the one that can hurt your body, but fear the one that can take your body and your soul to hell." So, the spiritual warfare, and I and I put this to you, and I hope it didn't hurt your feelings, but I did it I said it to help you. If you if you're of the school of thinking that natural war is worse than spiritual war, that natural warfare is worse than spiritual warfare, then that might help explain why you fail. So often in spiritual warfare &gt;&gt; because you don't put it as as more important than natural warfare, you don't realize that that that the the Holy Ghost inside you feeds on the word of God and contaminants of the world poison that. You say, "But I thought I had the Holy Ghost. I thought I was born again." You're still in an unredeemed body. And that Holy Ghost, Brother Brandham said, it's like the white dog, black dog. Which one's stronger? Whichever one I feed the most. These are practical truths that we have to absorb if you want to be an overcomer. Or do you what would you rather live a life of a prisoner of war? I'm done being a prisoner of war. I don't want I don't want to be I don't want you to be a prisoner of war. I want to see the pride of Christ free in the spirit of God. &gt;&gt; Not a prisoner to Satan's tyranny. So, I want to come to this before I close. I'm going to wrap it up in seven minutes. When I when I study the people of God in the Bible and I I ponder this the statements that brother Brandham and other great servants of the Lord have made along with my own personal experience and I'm here to to share some because I've got a lot of it got a lot of personal experience and and I can see friends that even if you are now I I I'm going to I'm glad I'm ending with this because I I want I want I'm going to leave you with this penetrating thought that I can see from my own experience, &gt;&gt; from things I've heard brother Brandham say, from things other great men of God have said, from things in the scripture, I can see that even if you are his elected child, there's a path that's not exactly the Lord's perfect path for you, but it's a path that he will let you walk on if that's your choice. It's not exactly, you know, a perfect path. And and and and you'll be a believer. See, and you you'll live at and I I wanted to use a different word because I don't want you to correlate if I say varying degrees of sanctification. That's a that's a a a mashup that Brother Brandham used for the unwise virgin, the foolish virgin. I'm not talking about them. I'm I'm Let's make that real clear. I'm not talking about There's plenty of sermons I can preach to people who have never been born again. That's not what this sermon is about tonight. That's not what it's about Wednesday night. I'm preaching to people who are his children, who do have a seed of God, who have believed the word, who have had an experience of the new birth, whose gene of God has come to life. Even you still need to feed the Holy Ghost &gt;&gt; the things of God. &gt;&gt; And you need to stop poisoning him with the things of the world. And there is a path even to you believer seed gene bearer, son and daughter of God who's passed from death unto life. There is a path that God will allow you to walk on that's not exactly his perfect path for you. And he'll allow you to walk on there for a little while if that's your choice. And when you do that, you'll find yourself up and down and in and out and on and off. And you'll find yourself way up and you're great until you're not. And you're crashing all the way down. And you live a life as a child of God with a gene of God who's had an experience of God. But yet you you choose to let the God of this evil age woo you into this quasi no man's land where you're not a believer. You haven't lost your your reward. Yeah. But you know there's a lot of things about the joy of your salvation that Satan can tamper with. And David was keenly aware of that. Lord, you know, we we dealt with that last time. Create me a clean heart. Renew a right spirit in me. I'm glad that the Holy Spirit is is a renewing factor. But I'm here to tell you something, friends. We have got to come to a place right here in these last days, these last closing scenes of history. I am not interested in walking in some no man's land of of up and down and and on fire and then I'm cooled off and I'm on fire and then I'm cooled off and then I'm in and then I'm out and then I'm on and then I'm off. Then I'm up and then I'm down and then I'm in church and then I'm not and then I'm I'm you know, I'm doing what I need to do with my family until I'm not. I I I I believe that the bride of the last day needs to be walking in the step of the gospel, marching onward. Christian soldiers, there's a rhythm to that song. There's a beat to that song. And you don't get off beat or everybody knows it. &gt;&gt; Get off beat. Get out of tune. Get out of key. Break the rhythm. Everybody that are the musicians of the heavenly choir will know you're not hiding it from anybody. The only person you might be hiding it from is your own self. But God has not called you to that. God has called you to be free. God has called you to soar as eagles. &gt;&gt; It's true, isn't it? &gt;&gt; It's true. That in between area where you're certainly a believing child of God truly believes with all your heart. But sometimes we allow our overall life to be one that I might put in caps tonight called spiritual ease. You're not a hypocrite. You're not a secret sinner. But it's a path that though a a halfway no man's land that has you living just under real ferveny for the Lord and you know it. The Lord still speaks to you. The Lord still visits you. But he often finds you languishing along the edges of carnality for comfort's sake, for acceptance sake, for social acceptance sake. I I don't want him to find me like that. Wow. &gt;&gt; That's that's a real burden of my heart, friends, in this last day. And I know I know you're quiet. And that's how I felt when I started studying this. I got real quiet. And I just said, "Lord, I I don't want that to be my world. I want to be like an eagle. I want to soar in the heavenlies. I don't want to just be a believer. I don't want you to I don't want to have you where you you oh you still speak to me. You still anoint me. You still hear my prayers. You still bless me. You still do all these things. But you often find me languishing along the edges of carnality. Friends, why don't you bow your heads with me across the building tonight? Brother Matt, bring your team quietly. Lord Jesus, tonight, Master, we are in your presence, Father, and we're grateful to be so. And I am so aware, Lord, of the the gripping truths that come out of your word last Wednesday. Tonight, now, Lord, we've taken another portion of it. And I think about Lord uh uh uh brother Brandham talking about that now was the time that we need to be walking a straight line. Lord, one of the last messages of his ministry. He's just he's less than a month from leaving the scene. December 1965. That's what we have to do as soldiers of the cross. He says, see, he says, he says, you you had a time making your first couple steps. You toddle and fall and you get up and try it again. Then after a while, you get so you can walk a straight line. And that's what we have to do as soldiers of the cross. Now is time to walk a straight line right down that highway to glory. Sinful transgressions, friends, while your heads are bowed, hear me. Sinful transgressions come into your life from living in sinful ways. And I don't mean they have to be heinous sins, just those edges of carnality that we feed on that and we don't we don't give ourselves a diet of the word of God like we should and we know it. We're all guilty. We're all with our heads and hearts bowed in this building tonight. I'm sure out across the airwaves, hands are up and hearts are bowed also before the Lord. And I just want to invite you with me. And tonight when we come forward to take up our prayer request to the Lord, could we start by just let's just rise up out of our seats right now and walk down here and say, "Lord, I'm coming down tonight. I want to stand with the family of God." Come on, if you feel this way, say, "Lord, I want to stand with the family of God that's pure, that's strong." Come on forward, friends. Don't be afraid. I'm going to come down here and meet you right here because that's the great desire of my heart to come together as the family of God to we're going to take up our prayer request just in a moment. But I just want our hearts and minds and it's perfectly fine if if you're seated where you are just stay right there and be prayerful. I understand we have people in positions that can't even leave their post, but everybody just be prayerful. For those of you who can come on up as close as you can. Amen. Amen. Now bow your heads with me once more. Master, now I bow my head with these people. We stand before you, Lord, as honest as we know how. We look within ourselves, Lord God. We're believers. We sure are. I sure am. I'm a believer for real. And I know these people are. I know they love you. I know I do. I know they really do. I really do love you, Lord. I really do. We really do believe every word. It is our desire to be the word made alive. We want to be written epistles read of all men. Lord, we walk around in this Satan's Eden. It's such a dark place. We're in unredeemed bodies. Oh, we feel like the Apostle Paul, when I would do good, evil is present. Who shall deliver me from this body of death? There's only one answer that came to the mind of your apostle and that was in Jesus Christ. So Lord, may you show us tonight, each and every one of us individually, may you write, come up alongside of us, Lord, as a doctor and write us an individual prescription. The prescription you write for me might not be uh the one you'd write for brother Mark. The one you'd write for brother Mark might not be the one you'd write for brother Ken. You might write a different a completely different one that you'd write for Sister Jean. You might write a totally different one to Sister Brenda. But whatever you need to write on that prescription and say, "Child, I know you love me. I know you believe me. I know you're a believer. You are my child. You're not wrong. You are. And I've got a prescription I'm going to write out here. and it's just to you alone. And when I write it and give it to you in your heart, you're going to know what you need to do. It's not going to be a mystery to you. You're going to be able to think of ways that you know I have found you along the edges of carnality all too many times. And I'm I'm writing you. I'm your great physician. And I'm writing you a spiritual medicine that you can get and the Holy Ghost will fill it. Just hand it to him right at the counter and he'll fill it for you right on the spot. Lord, may it be so tonight. I know what my prescription says. I can read it clear as a bell. I know every gap, every hole, every low place in the road of my life. Lord, I know where the I can see the road. I can see it. But my flesh oftentimes wants that side trail. Lord, don't let that be my life. Don't let that be our lives. Lord, we realize we are at the closing scenes of this world's history. And I want to know that I'm not walking in a permissive way. I'm walking in the perfect light of God's word for me. I pray you'll grant it, Lord, tonight. I didn't expect, Lord Jesus. You know, it's not anywhere in my notes. I didn't expect to end the service like this saying these things, but it comes to me under inspiration, and I know it's helping people. sure is helping me. So Lord, we commit these things into your hands. I commit last Wednesday's service, tonight's service, every service of course, but these two particular part one, part two, sin, sin comes from sinful lives. Transgression comes from these things. God, you want us to be free. You want us to live above it. You want us to fly high. the the God of this age should have no sway in my life. So I commit it to you now, master, the remainder of this evening, all the coming days, Lord. I've so I' I've preached the word now. I've swn it like a seed and I know it's good seed. It's the gospel seed and it'll come forth. May the Holy Spirit water it day and night, Lord. I pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Sing for us, brother. [Music] Oh, just like saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. [Music] Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out &gt;&gt; again. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Pour it, Lord. &gt;&gt; Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. [Music] Find my dry and broken places thirsty for your love. Lord, forgive me if I've wondered far away from you. [Music] You are all I ever needed. Come and make me new. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; You pour your spirit out on me. &gt;&gt; Oh yes. &gt;&gt; Fall just like the rain. &gt;&gt; Oh, let's worship him, friends. Raise up those hands and worship. &gt;&gt; Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. [Music] Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. pour your spirit out. Brother Luther writes, "Let's remember Sister Angie Heth in Montana. Had a scat scan two days ago, is on her way to a doctor's appointment. Doctor may want to put her on meds again. She isn't sure what to tell him. She's believing for a clear cat scan. Also, I'm under the weather today. dry, scratchy throat, low-grade fever, runny nose, bit of a cough. Brother Bruce Parish writes, "Please remember Sister Linda in prayer this evening as she's been suffering with a severe headache. Thanks and God bless you." Katie Watkins uh has a request for Oakley, her dog tonight. He got into something, got very sick for the last day, day and a half, not eating, drinking, uh acting very strange. They think he ate something or got in contact with something. They don't really know. all day today. She was just just trying to decide whether to take him to the vet. I was praying for him. Chris tells me the Lord has touched him and he's made some improvement. Want to keep praying for him tonight. I also know that many of you tonight um would have an unspoken request to the Lord. You want to raise up that hand to the Lord. Amen. God sees all of those unspoken request. Amen. Join with somebody standing near you. Let's pray. Amen. Amen. Matt, why don't you come help me here, son? And um these are that's the one from brother Luther, brother brother Bruce Katie and and um we have unspoken request also. Amen. Go ahead. Brothers and sisters, &gt;&gt; great for you as you said to Abraham. Is anything too hard for the Lord? Lord, truly nothing is too hard. &gt;&gt; Father, all these needs that have been written down from brother Luther, Lord, you see this need, this Lord, this issue. Father, we're just believing with our sister, Lord, our brother, for a clear cat scan. You can do it, Lord Jesus. We believe that you're the God of miracles. You're the same yesterday, today, and forever. Lord God, you said in your word if you would believe and ask anything in my name. And don't doubt. You'll have what you ask for. So Lord, we come asking in faith, Lord. Father, agreeing in faith together, Father, of one mind, one accord. May you move, Lord. May miracles take place, Lord. Even on the wings of this prayer, Lord. I pray, Lord, for our brother Bruce Paris. Lord, wrote in for Sister Linda this evening, suffering with a headache. God, great physician, may you go to our sister just now, Lord, and may you relieve this headache. We pray, Lord, Oakley, Father, continue this, Lord. You love the animals there, Lord. You love what we love, Lord. And this is a dear animal to Chris and Katie. Father, I've watched you do it with our own animals. Lord, you're Lord. You're you're sufficient, Lord, in these kind of situations, Lord. I pray that you would move on the scene. Father, for every heart, Lord, that's unspoken tonight. Those that raised up their hands, Lord, to represent a need, I raise my hand up just now, Lord God, representing that need, Lord God, that you know is upon my heart. I pray, Father, that you would just move in a special way. Lord, may you sew the seed of the word which we heard tonight in our hearts. Lord, may it bring forth. Lord, we know your word won't return to you void, but your word says it will accomplish that which it was sent out to do. Now God, all of these needs that have been written down, have been spoken, Lord. We've we've announced them. We've brought them, Lord, before your throne. We're believing, Lord God, that you're going to do it, Father. It's something we can't do. All we can do is pray and ask, Lord, but you are the need meter. I pray, God, that you would move, Lord, in a special way on these needs, Lord. The ones that are written down, the ones that are unspoken. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We ask it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Lift it up now. Saturate my my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. &gt;&gt; Oh yes Lord. &gt;&gt; Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. &gt;&gt; I need I need &gt;&gt; I need you now. &gt;&gt; I need you now. &gt;&gt; Pour your spirit. &gt;&gt; One more time. &gt;&gt; One more time. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. All together. &gt;&gt; Pour your spirit out on me. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Fall just like the rain. Bread. Oh God, saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. [Music] I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Amen. Anybody got a testimony tonight before we go? Amen. Praise the Lord. Give you an opportunity. Praise the Lord. Amen. God bless you. Turn around, shake hands with that person standing near you. Say, "God bless you." Happy to have you in the house of God tonight. Praise the Lord. You can go in the love of God. God bless you. be dismissed in Jesus name. We'll see you this weekend. God bless you. Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. [Music] Find my dry and broken place thirsty for your love. [Music] Lord, forgive me if I've wondered far away from you. [Music] You are all I ever needed. [Music] Come and make me new. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heal my heart and make me whole. I need you now. Pour your spirit out. Oh, pour your spirit out on me. All just like the rain saturate my thirsty soul.
