################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-26 - 250326 - Jason Watkins Our Part in the Inheritance (Part 4) - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-26
Title:   250326 - Jason Watkins: Our Part in the Inheritance (Part 4)
Speaker: Jason Watkins
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqyAXHwDQ5A
========================================

This is my desire to honor you. Lord, with all my heart I worship you. All I have within me, I give you praise. [Applause] All that I adore is in you, Lord. I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you along. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. This is my desire to honor you. [Music] All I have within me. [Music] All I have within me, I give you praise. [Music] All that I adore is in you. Sing Lord I give you. Lord I give you. Give you my soul. [Music] Live for you alone. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take. Every moment I'm awake. [Music] Lord, have your way in me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your singing with me. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, Lord, have your way in me. Brother Luth, if you come, this is my desire. This is my desire to honor You [Music] I worship you. [Music] All I have within me [Music] [Applause] all I adore is you [Music] Lord I give you my heart Lord I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I awake, [Music] Lord, have your way in me. Amen. Let's pray. Father, in my heart, in my soul, all that I have, I'm so dilatory. Father, all my time, all my desires, I give to you, Father. Pray Lord that your grace and mercy as you spoke to Paul and said my grace is sufficient we walk believe in that today that your grace is sufficient in our lives Lord. How we long to just draw closer to you father and we thank you for this opportunity this evening just to set aside all the cares of this life father. Worship you with all our heart, mind, body and soul. Bless your people today, Lord, as we collect the tithes and offerings. Father, bless the cheerful giver. Bless those that are streaming. And Lord, we have come for one purpose, one purpose only, to see you, to hear you, to draw closer to you, Lord. We thank you again for this opportunity in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. Amen. Won't you turn and just say, "God bless you." Amen. To someone next to you. Amen. Give him a Make sure you give him a smiling face when doing so. [Music] I just want to pour I just want to pour my praise on you. I just want to pour I just want to pour my praise on you. I just want to pour I just want to pour my praise on you. I just want to pour I just want to pour my praise on you. cuz you've been better to me than I could ever ever be. All I want I want to do. I just want to pour my praise on you. Say you been better to me than I could ever have. All I want I want to do I just want to pour my praise on you. I just want to pour I just want to pour my praise on you. I just want to pour. [Music] I just want to pour my praise on. Say I just want to pour. Oh, I just want to pour my praise on you. I just want to pour I just want to pour my praise on you. Cuz you've been better to me than I could ever ever. All I want, I want to do. I just want to for you better say you've been to me than I could ever ever. All I want I want to do I just want to you've been better. You been there to me that I could ever have ever all I want. I want to do. I just want to pour my praise on one more time. You been better to me than I could ever ever. All I want I want to do. I just want to pour my praise on you. I just want to pour my praise on you. [Music] Amen. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Give me a G. Amen. Joy. Joy. God's great joy, joy, joy down in my soul, sweet beautiful souls saving joy, full joy, joy in my soul. Let's put our hands together. [Music] Joy, joy. God's great joy, joy, joy down in my soul. Sweet, beautiful, souls saving. Joy, oh joy, joy in my soul. Joy, joy. God's great joy, joy, joy down in my soul. Sweet, beautiful, souls saving joy. Oh, joy, joy in my soul. I sound like I I feel like I'm in the wrong key. Really feel like it. Let me what key I have G down. Am I need to sing in a higher octave? Joy. God joy. Joy, joy down in my soul. Sweet beautiful. So saving joy. Oh joy, joy in my soul. Sing joy, joy, God's great joy, joy, joy down in my soul. Sweet beautiful soy joy, joy in my soul. One more time say joy, joy, joy. God's great joy, joy, joy down in my soul. Sweet, beautiful, so joy. Joy, joy in my soul. Listen. [Applause] Early in the morning, before the break of day, I ask the Lord to make me whole. He holds me. The Lord he came to me say joy joy in my soul. Everybody say joy joy God's great joy joy joy down in my soul. Sweet, beautiful, so saving. Joy joy, joy in my soul. Sing joy. Sing, joy, joy, God's great joy. Sing it like you mean it. Joy, joy down in my soul. Sweet, beautiful, souls saving joy. Oh joy, joy in my soul. Early in the morning before the break of day, I asked the Lord to make me whole. Behold me and the Lord keeps me. Sing joy, joy in my soul. One more time. Say, joy, joy, God's great joy, joy, joy down in my soul. Sweet beautiful soul baby joy. Oh joy, joy in my soul. Everybody sing joy. Say joy. Joy. God's great joy is joy. Joy down in my soul. Sweet, beautiful, so saving. Joy, your joy, joy in my soul. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Sister Hazel. Amen. Where's little Hazel? Amen. Let's give her a hand. Amen. Come on. [Music] [Music] [Music] So, she's been working on a couple songs. She sings all the time. So she she just loves singing. Um but uh this is a couple songs she'd been singing a lot. [Music] I mean [Music] the Dear children, I may never [Music] arch [Music] the I may never fly or the enemy, but I'm in the Lord's army. Yes, sir. I'm in the Lord's army. Yes, sir. I'm in the Lord's army. Yes, sir. I may never march in the ride in the shoot. I may never ride or the end. I'm in the Lord's army. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I got peace like a river. I got peace like a river. Peace like a river in my soul. I got peace like a river. I got peace like peace like a river in my soul. I got joy like ocean. I got love. Love like ocean in my soul. Love like ocean. I got love like love like in my soul like I got joy like a fountain. I got joy like I got joy like a fountain in my soul. I got joy like fountain. I got joy like in my soul. I got peace and joy forever. I got peace and joy like a river. I've got peace, love, and joy like a river. I've got [Music] I got river. I got peace and joy rubber in my soul like an ocean peace and joy ocean. I got peace and joy ocean in my soul peace and joy ocean. I got peace and joyace. [Music] I've got peace of joy in fountain. I got peace and joy like a fountain. I've got peace of joy in my soul. I've got peace, love, and joy like a fountain. I've got peace, love, and joy like a peace and joy like a fountain in my soul. [Music] [Applause] think she want to stay up here and sing with me. Let's give her another hand. Amen. [Applause] Amen. Let's just stand. Amen. Let's sing a little bit real quick here and then I'm going to have sister Deborah give us a song too. Amen. So she can be preparing herself. Let's sing a little bit. I will praise the Lord. I will praise the Lord. [Music] I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has in store, I will praise the Lord. Sing, I will praise the Lord. See, I will praise the Lord. No matter what tomorrow brings, what it has done, I will praise the Lord. I will bring [Music] no matter what tomorrow brings what I will break your Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] No matter what tomorrow Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] what it has. I will praise the Lord. [Music] In Jesus name [Music] we praise on [Music] in Jesus name we bre Oh dear Lord, we the bright clear before our eyes. We find the strength to press on. Sister devil, won't you come in Jesus name? [Music] In Jesus name we praise. [Music] [Applause] In Jesus name we praise [Music] the before our eyes. We find the strength [Applause] to press on. You may have your seats. [Music] Master, may I be so honest? Could I admit the way I feel? I'm hurting. It seems that you've forsaken. I wonder is your love for me still real? Though my friends think I am happy, unaffected by this trial, they can't see the pain I'm hiding. Underneath my smile, master, I can't live this way anymore. So today I make my choice. I choose to believe that you are faithful. And my heart is in your hands. And this mystery that I face today is part of a gater plan. I choose not to be discouraged when the sun will not break through. I have a true voice of trusting you. So Lord, this is what I choose. I know this road will not be easy. [Music] I know I'll have my weaker days. And Satan will tell me I don't mean it when I say I'll trust God all the way. But that really does matter. I refuse to hear him out. With my faith, I'll find the power that will overcome all doubt. Lord, I've never felt so strong. As when I'm resting in your arms, I choose to believe that you are faithful. And my heart is in your hands. And this mystery that I face today is part of a greater plan. I choose not to be discouraged when the sun will not break through. [Music] I have the choice of trusting you. So Lord, this is what I choose. I choose to believe that you are faithful. And my heart is in your hands. And this mystery that I face today is part of a gater plan. I choose not to be discouraged when the sun will not break through. I have a choice. It's all of our choice tonight of trusting you. So Lord, this is what I choose. Lord, this is what I choose. Amen. [Music] Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. Praise the Lord. Thank you, Sister Deb. Amen. God bless you. You happy to be in God's house? This is what I choose. I choose to believe that he's faithful. I choose it. Of all the things you could believe, you should choose that one. I choose to believe that my life is in his hands. And this mystery, I mean, whatever you might be facing today, tomorrow that you ain't faced yet, might seem like a mystery, but hey, he's got this. He's got you. He's got me. Amen. Amen. I choose to believe he's faithful. Amen. Zechariah chapter 3. Preach in the name, Lord. Happy to have you all in the house of God tonight. Amen. Praise the Lord. Had a number of requests come in to me. We've already transferred them over to the prayer list. We'll get to it just in a little bit here. Amen. I want to continue on from Sunday. I know what your what what it appears. I don't look anything like brother Diggs. Amen. But uh Amen. Praise the Lord. I can I can get stirred up like brother Diggs, but as far as wiggling and dancing and all that, that's not going to happen. Back in the day, maybe. tonight. Amen. Praise the Lord. But uh I I had the I in my mind uh just too many things going on. And so Brother Diggs is coming, but he'll actually be here. I think it's April 9, Wednesday, maybe like the second Wednesday in April. So we're look, of course, I'd have been happy to have him tonight and then, but Amen. Uh somebody said, "Hey, I thought the calendar all the preachers were lighting me up. Thought the calendar was I said, "Yeah, I misspoke." I do that. Whenever you hear me say I love the Lord, that's never a misspeak. Amen. Whenever hear you me you hear me say I'm a believer, that's never a misspeak. Amen. Now I did I think I misspoke. I called this thing out here we had my wife told me she said she said we were giggling at you. I said why this time? I said well you called that your birthday and she said it was pastor appreciation day. I said, 'Oh, well, I've got a birthday coming. So, just saying. Anyway, praise the Lord. Amen. It certainly was a pastor appreciation day extraordinaire. Zechariah chapter 3. Amen. It's a wonderful book just in front of Malachi. I know you can find Malachi easy and just go one book ahead of that is Zechariah. And uh we're going to look at this third chapter. I've ministered um on this particular text before, but I just want to bring one aspect of it tonight and refresh your memory. Stir you up as Peter said by way of remembrance. So tonight be our fourth installment in in this very important title, our part in the inheritance. As I said to you, did you know you have an inheritance? And I've said to you, did you know that God has a certain sheet music for you to play? And so, you know, we're looking at this again tonight. Zechariah 3, verse one. And I just wanted to uh also say how much I appreciate the other all the special singing. Amen. And Little Red, we've been waiting on that from her for a while. We're happy to have John's family with us tonight. uh Zechariah 3 chapter 3 verse 1. This is Zachchariah in a vision and said, "And he showed me Joshua the high priest standing before the angel of the Lord and Satan standing at his right hand to resist him." And the Lord said unto Satan, "The Lord rebuke thee, oh Satan, even the Lord that hath chosen Jerusalem rebuke thee. Is not this a brand plucked out of the fire? And the Lord was the one who did the plucking. See, now Joshua was clothed with filthy garments and stood before the angel. And he answered and spake unto those that stood before him, saying, Take away the filthy garments from him. And unto him he said, Behold, I have caused thine iniquity. I have caused thine iniquity to pass from thee, and I will clothe thee with change of reignment. So, I've qualified you to wear the garment of the word. Amen. You could have never done it. You came into the world. You were filthy, broken, and no chance. And God says, I have qualified you. See, so and he answered uh and he said, I have caused thine iniquity to pass from thee, and I will clothe thee with a change of reignment. And I said, this is Zachchariah getting stirred up. And I said, "Let them set a fair miter upon his head." So they set a fair miter upon his head and clothed him with garments. And the angel of the Lord stood by. And the angel of the Lord protested unto Joshua, saying, Now that protesting is not like we would think normally. It just means he's veinently trying to make this point. Jo Joshua, I want you to remember what I've done and what I'm saying. This is not a small thing. See, thus saith the Lord of hosts, if thou wilt walk in my ways, see, he's making a covenant. And if thou wilt keep my charge, then thou shalt also judge mine house, and shalt also keep my courts, and I will give thee places to walk among these that stand by. Hear now, oh Joshua the high priest, thou and thy fellows that sit before thee, for they are men wondered at. For behold, I will bring forth my servant the branch. For behold, the stone that I have laid before Joshua, even one stone shall be seven eyes. Behold, I will engrave the graving thereof, saith the Lord of Hosts, and I will remove the iniquity of that land in one day. In that day, saith the Lord of hosts, shall ye call every man his neighbor under the vine, and under the fig tree. There is so much there uh and I'm just going to struggle to only take one aspect of it. But let's pray. Master, we thank you for your word read aloud. We thank you for all of the singing and the praise and the worship. I thank you Lord for the anointing that I have felt upon this thought and your careful guidance and direction on what to say, when to say, and how to say it. I pray master that you will give me uncction now before the people. I humbled myself as the prophet said. I humbled myself and then I humbled myself again. Lord, we want to be just your servant standing here tonight as we break the bread of life. Lord, I have nothing to say of my own. This is all from you. We would have had nothing, Lord, had it not been for a message that you gave to us. We'd have just been another talking head. Just yet another. We'd have been 40,01 in a long line of various independent interpretations of the one gospel had it not been for your message that you sent us. So I thank you for that Lord. I thank you for your messenger. I thank you for the message. And Father, most of all, we thank you for Jesus Christ. We thank you for that day on Calvary and what it has secured for us in the Holy Ghost. We commit it to you now. commit all of this into your hands. You are our leader in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you friends. You can be seated. Tony, hand me that water there. Yeah. Okay. All right. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, thank you, brother Mike. You don't look like Tony anymore than I look like Diggs. Amen. So I I'll come to our text here just in a moment. But with the point that I want to make, but but just to give you and fix your mind on the background of what you're reading, you're you're reading a a court docket. you're reading uh the minutes uh and and and and the and the court record of a trial that was held where Satan has filed suit against God because and the whole premise of his case before the Lord. He's challenging the supremacy of Christ because Satan feels that he can now prove he he he feels like he must prove and feels like he can prove in the presence of of the king that he can he can prove that God's word has failed because God had said that Israel was his people. He had said they are his chosen people. He had said they are his peculiar people. He had said they are they are his chosen race. He he he said they were separated and he took them out of Egypt and he brought them through the land. And the prophet rises up, you know, in one place there in the Old Testament and says and just and just relates the story how that God brought two and a two and a half million member nation out of a nation, walked them through the wilderness and kept them safe for 40 years and crossed them over into a promised land. And the prophet says, "Have you ever heard of such a thing in your whole life in all the world that such a God did such a great thing?" And it was profound and it was it was epic and and and it wasn't a small thing that God did and all the comments to Joshua. No man will stand before thee all the days of your life. Be strong and of a good courage and you'll take over this land. And and Caleb went and took his possession. And the children of Israel begin to fan out. But you know by and by they begin to cool down. And by and by they begin to get soft. And the Lord said, "Every time I bless you, you get fat and you get lazy, and then I then the I have to send the enemy in to correct you, and then you cry to me, then I send you a deliverer." And this cycle goes on and on and on. And and Israel was was guilty of heinous crimes against uh God's word. And they were they were not only worshiping idols and false gods, but they were trying to hide and do it and trying to do it in secret. and and and as if they could hide something from God, right? Amen. That just shows you the insanity that they got to and it shows you the insanity that you see in Christendom today around the world that people just disregard God's word and somehow they're so blind they imagine he won't see it or he don't care or it don't matter. Oh, it matters. Amen. I promise you it matters. Jesus warned them that not a single word, not a jot or a tit, not not an iota of his word would ever be let go of. That no one will get off the hook and their only chance is to obey the word of God. And so, but the problem is that man is born in sin. And Paul talks about that in the book of Romans. The law wasn't evil. The law was good. The law was sent to for my life. The law was sent to train me how to get ready for Messiah. That's what the law was for. It It's so that I could be a light to the Gentiles under a temporary uh way of sacrifices and offerings, waiting and and my life and everything we're doing in Israel should be testifying of the coming Messiah. Listen, friends, your life should be testifying there's a rapture coming. Your life should be testifying something more than the world is testifying to. I'm here to tell you I want to have my life as we've been saying. I want my life to be a living testimony. A song that's where the music and the lyrics both and conducted under his under his guidance. So because Israel you know and Paul says the problem was not with the law. The law was good. He said, "But the problem became our sinful flesh." And so the so the problem was we couldn't keep it. We were always transgressing it. And even when I would do good, evil was still present. And the good that I would sometimes I didn't. And the evil which I didn't want to do, sometimes I did it. And Paul's talking about, you know, not only before his conversion, even though he was a Pharisee of Pharisees, he's still admitting prior to his conversion the problems that he had. And he goes on to admit that even after his conversion, there's still two dogs fighting. He's still got a problem in his flesh. And he says, "Who will deliver me from this body of death?" I thank God through Jesus Christ. He has given me a covenant that the Holy Ghost has redeemed me, but someday he's not going to leave me in this broken condition. He's not I'm not going to heaven and have to still fight this flesh. Someday I'm going to get a new body likened under his glorious body. Hallelujah. So, the problem was not with the law, but Satan Satan through trickery, Satan abused. And so the law which was intended for my good was killing me and it became a death sentence. So now here Satan is coming in to the court of heaven and saying listen God. This is what you said about these people. They would be holy. They'd be separate. Uh sayeth the Lord. I'll clean sprinkle clean water. I'll do all these things. I'll cause them to keep my word. They're my chosen people. Can a woman forget her suckling babe? She might even do that. But I could never forget Israel. They're inscribed in the palms of my hands. And and you talked about how they'd be overcomers and how they will inherit. They're the children of Abraham. But I've got DNA evidence and highdefin video that they haven't done a very good job like you said they would do. Amen. And I've got absolute evidence, cold hard facts, not here with hyperbole or conspiracy. I've got absolute evidence that they are sinners and you said they were your chosen. They have been breaking the word. You said you'd cause them to keep it. And your word, they have failed. Therefore, your word has failed. Oh, friends. And God's response to that is is is is a dismissal of Satan's case on a single premise that once God plays this point forward, all other evidence is null and void. It's not even heard by the court. And the evidence is, how dare you come into my court and try to charge my people. Uh, do you not know that this is Jerusalem whom I have chosen? Do you understand that this is my family? This is the royal family. They are exempt from indictment. They cannot be convicted, charged or even arrested by you. Your case is dismissed and get out of here. Don't ever come back because they are believe. You say, "Yeah, but they're but they're failing." But Abraham had failures in his in his flesh. But under the new covenant, God declared what mattered most is that he staggered not in his faith. It it it's it's not a it's it's not saying that it doesn't matter if we make a mistake. It matters. But what the new covenant was saying, what matters most is that Abraham staggered not at the promises of God. Amen. And that's what counted. And so God simply booted him and booted the case and to make it, you know, uh, doubly secure. He he sealed it with an oath, promised it to himself, promised him a spotless bride and a chosen people. Nothing can ever uphend that. There's no court that can ever overturn that decision. And the only one that could overturn it is the only one who won't, and that's God. Because he can't change his mind about his word. And if you are part of his word, then he can't change his mind about you. He saw our shortcomings and our falls. But he but it but the thing that mattered most was that Abraham staggered not at the promise. He made plenty of mistakes. So when we were So now I just want to put that in your mind for a minute. So, we talked about when we closed out last time, we closed out with making the point that it was not the church, you know, uh that walked off of the edge and plunged into the abyss and and that church that brother Brandham saw, you know, of the world. And he said they went off and stepped off and in another place he said, "All the awful screams you ever heard." And we we closed out last time pointing you to the fact that it was not that church that decided. They just some one day decided we no longer want to be the mouthpiece of God. They actually still try to claim they are to this very hour. So it was never them that that that stopped being God's mouthpiece. It was God that took that privilege away from them when they refused to come to his supper, which was a They wanted to be excused from the responsibilities of the word. They weren't interested in God's plan for their life. Uh they they wanted to make great denominational names for themselves. And so the Bible says that God gave them over to it. That's what they wanted. And so God gave them up to their vile affections. If that's what you want, Brother Brandham said, "You wanted you a Superman, you got it. You wanted a big denomination, you got it. That's what God gave you. You wanted this and that's what God gave you. You wanted that. And so God gave it to you. Now, what you going to do with it?" And it was literally the thing that they wanted and they were determined to have. And so God just let them have it. And it and it will lead them to the mark of the beast. Denominations will lead you to the mark of the beast. Full stop. denominations lead to the mark of the beast inescapably. And so they either do that or they dispand as a denomination. So we find that we closed out with Luke 14:24. I say unto you that none of those men which were bidden shall taste of my supper. Now, I I want to and and here's something that I I just stopped abruptly on Sunday because I knew my heart was too full to go on and the Lord seemed to just quicken me to stop immediately. And I think he wanted to do something through our singing and our prayer of the closing. And I believe God is moving in lives, friends. Amen. These things aren't accidents, but I've been around long enough to I I know better than to disobey that voice. And I've I'm glad I've learned to hear it quickly. And so, so you know, I I I was going to make this point that when brother Brandham preaches shalom in 1964 and and and and he he's the whole subject matter is, you know, something has happened and we know Isaiah 60 has come and the world is overthrown oversewn in darkness and there's a gross darkness upon the minds of the people and and but but brother Brandham's message instead of being a dire message of doom, he literally says to the church, he acknowledges what's happened. Yeah. Isaiah 60 notwithstanding, but relax, peace, good morning. Shalom, bride. All is well. We have heard the message. Shalom. And all is well. See, so God has been in control. He was in control in those early stages when the bride was still in her infancy. That's brother Brandham's description of the bride when the seals approached. And he says it's a it's a talked about the five stars lining up just prior to the seals. He said, "What is it?" He said, "It's an announcement." He said, "It's a it's a it's a an infant bride and it's approaching. It's it's announcing the approach of it. Something's coming." Just like three stars lined up announced the birth of Christ as an infant uh in in Bethlehem. So, you know, society at large when when brother Brandham is seeing that vision and he comes to the pullpit and tells about it in various places and and I read you in the in the rapture message, one of my favorites uh because there's where he said instead, you know, that uh two or three is getting out of line and I screamed, you know, stay in line and then I think I read you from proving his word where he said I when I came out of the v he said as I was coming out of the vision there two or three of them at the end of the line had got out of step and he said and they were they were try they were hurrying that was the way he described it to get back in step. See and he and he says and instead of going down they started going up. It was the other group who went down. Amen. Amen. Now, society at large, uh, not only society at large, but the infant bride with all of our great preachers that have most of them have now gone on out of that generation. And, you know, I stand here tonight as as as I can say, I once was young and now I'm old. Paul Paul died right around, they think maybe in late 50s, early 60s, which is right where I'm at in my early 60s. Brother Brandham talked about himself being an old man at 5758 and I and I and and I and Paul was saying I Paul the aged I write to you and here he is about my age and and you know I I was that young generation. I was just a child an infant and brother Brandham is saying to young men like the age of my dad and my mom in their 20s. He said I you you young men are going to take this and carry it on to the coming of the Lord. And and and I'm here I'm here to tell you I wasn't a young man at that time. But I I was receiving the commission from a child. I knew from a very early age that I would someday carry the gospel and preach the gospel. It was all my dream to travel the world. And and and if I had have chose my life, I wouldn't have chose to be a pastor. I would I would like to have been an apostle like brother JD. I wanted to travel the world. And thank God I got to do that for many years and and managed to preach this gospel on almost all the continents of the earth. And so we find that that the point I want to make is is that no one could see neither the world nor even the bride at large or the world at large. None of them in that day could see that the world how that it would be the world that would just fall off a cliff. Amen. Cuz you're you're you're talking about, you know, when he first has the vision and then he's telling it a few times there through the 60s and and the and the world at that time didn't seem like such a horrible place compared to what it is today. But yet, brother Brandham called it filth everywhere. And we look back at it now. I as as pastor Jason the agent, I look back now and go that was nothing. See, but but but but no one could see that. And I can tell you I I grew up around those senior ministers of one of which I am now. But when I was a young man, I grew up around them. I sat in I sat quietly too young to speak up but hearing those veterans that I grew up around and knew most all of them and and they you can hear that the whole expectation there was nothing imagined that first of all that we would still be here almost seven decades after America turned down the gospel for the last time. When 56 rolled around, it seemed like it was just going to go bang bang bang. And then the next thing you know, the prophets's going forward. Next thing you know, a decade later, the seals are being open and let's all go home. And it was just getting started. See, now in God's mind, it was finishing. Remember, it takes a thousand of our earth years to equal one of his days. Amen. And so, Brother Brandon would even correlate that the the last days. He's he'll come in the last days, brother. I'm sort of like the last 2,000 years. So, to God, that's nothing. But they could not tell what the world would become. And neither could they and I and and neither neither could they tell uh that the bride's uh upward flight had begun. Amen. Amen. They couldn't tell that they're they were then and still are now waiting for some great trumpet and an escalator and everybody's going home to heaven, right? And they're completely unaware that the message that would lift the bride off of the earth was had came with the opening of the seals and the bride was just in her infancy. And there was no way uh that they could that they could detect that the bride had her upward fight had already begun. And as I said to you, it was a preview of the bride. It's what brother Brandham would refer a preview of the bride uh going toward spiritual maturity. See, and they were they were marching to the beat of the restored word. And can I just say as one aged that that that took a while. Amen. Even for the bride to comprehend. It took a while. You're talking about someone who was positive. We would never see 1978. Amen. How long ago was that? And I and I and and that was because that's what everyone believed, right? So it was it took a while even for the bride to begin to comprehend some of these deeper things. And brother Brandham had said that in the remember I read you that he said don't try to make yourself odd. Just let the Lord when he's ready. You don't have to worry. It's not going to get past you. Just serve the Lord. Be humble. Press on. You're just an infant there in the 60s. But but don't worry, bride. He's not coming back for an infant or a little girl. You're going to grow up. I know you don't want to hear that. You would like to be gone by 1966, but you're not going to be. Or 76 or 86 or 96 or 06 or 16 and now we're it won't be long. We'll be at 26. So, but but still to God, it's just the last days. Amen. And so we realize that, you know, as as that that that we're are actually I can just say it now that we only really may be just realizing it more fully in these closing scenes of human history. And I say that as one aged. I say that as one who's been around, who was born into and grew up through this message. I I'm of the opinion and I I talked to my brethren around the world that really we didn't expect to be here. No one expected the world to be this crazy and yet we are and it is but yet also the bride is still going up and she's been going up. Now, the key to that is that once Enoch started going up, he just kept stepping higher and higher and higher till finally he crossed the threshold and God said, "All right, now you're closer here than you are there and one of these days we're going to be closer to the li to the saints and they're going to come up out of the ground." Amen. We see the realities more today of what it meant in the vision to see them go off the edge and fall. We see of course the same for the other group of member nations of believers from the from around the world which may I say all by itself took a while because it had to be what Jesus said when this gospel meaning the original one not the not the one that was an ad mixture during the ages say oh Wesley took it to the seven seas but that was an ad mixture when Jesus when Jesus says when this gospel what was the gospel was the gospel books and tapes and quotes or even a Bible the gospel was the word made flesh standing right there and he said when this right here has been preached and demonstrated through all the world then the end will come I'm here to tell you we're right on the threshold my friends amen so the image that the prophet was shown was of a a unified bride marching in one unified rhythm like a it was a beat. Brother Brandham said like onward Christian soldiers, you know the song marching as to war. And and may I say that may I just say this tonight uh with perfect courage in my heart that that this bride alone that this bride following this message alone has remained going forward as the Christian churches of the earth bowed out bowed out from the invitation to the wedding supper as they have over the last 60 or se almost 70 years since America turned its back on the Lord for the last time and more than five uh more than five decades since the opening of the seven seals and the world has steadily steadily excused themsel every generation has done it and the next generation has done it the next generation has done it and they have walked away we don't want the we don't want the word feast the bride alone has kept going forward Amen. Amen. Only the bride has kept going forward absorbing the mysteries, eating upon the body word of the son of man, being transformed into his living image. As I said, it's a word feast prepared for believers to be in the rapture. that sainted bunch of virgin believers uh you know their their harmony uh the as I keep saying to you their harmony of a life song. Amen. Their harmony their life playing the melody back to the composer is lifting them off of the earth. Amen. So this is not a small matter. This this isn't about a list of dos and don'ts and things you should and shouldn't do. This is so beyond that. This has almost nothing to do with that. Those kind that kind of obedience follows a life that is hid away in Christ. And the word that you are feeding on friends is uniting you with the headstone that will become so united till the dead for hundreds of years are raised from the grave. Amen. Their faithful march in that vision to the beat and to the rhythm of the word was literally lifting them from the earth. Brother Brandham said as instead of going down, they started going up. Amen. Amen. It's it can be disheartening to see the world collapsing. Amen. Satan with his poisonous spray of discouragement at at times it's it's almost like you you can feel it all around everywhere. Yeah. Amen. And you know, but I I I thought about that. I thought, you know, it's sad and the world is getting lower and lower and plunging off of that into the abyss more and more and more. And every generation gets worse. Every generation the rock and roll they're dancing to gets worse. Every day the vulgarity gets worse. What brother Brandham saw was nothing compared to what's seen brother Brandham just saw in a vision and was embarrassed by it. It wasn't even real. It was just a vision. And we see it on the streets in reality. Oh, but I'm here to tell you friends, the further the world goes down, the higher we go. the further they go off the cliff, the more I'm feel like leaving the earth, the higher I feel like rising up in Christ. You know, the I I've said to you that that church didn't decide they they're not the ones who decided uh to stop being the mouthpiece of God. And let me say tonight that you didn't decide to be the mouthpiece of God. The Lord said unto his servant, "Go out into the highways and hedges and compel them to come in that my house may be full." And he found us in the highways and the hedges. And he compelled and we're sitting at his table. You didn't make up that choice on your own. You can't make yourself to sin. Listen, friends, you'd have quit a long time ago. It's the Holy Spirit making you go forward. I don't understand. Sometimes it's discouraging. Oh, why are you Why don't you turn around? I can't. Oh, but you It's so bad. It is. It's terrible. I feel awful. Well, then why don't you sit down? No way. I gotta keep going. When you going to get there? I don't know. But I'm going to keep going. Hallelujah. I'm not stopping. I'm not turning around. I'm not sliding backwards. I'm marching to Zion. The prophet left the scene, but we kept going forward. A neurotic age plunged into gross darkness all around us, but we've kept going forward. Not unlike Israel's captivity, after America turned down the gospel from the Isuza revival, we've remained in Babylonian and modern Babylonian modern Babylonians worsening condition for almost the same 70 years. But we just keep going. So why do you keep going? Cuz I can't not. Right? Where are you getting the energy? From above. I've heard the call. I feel the pull. Something is calling from another world that won't let me be comfortable here. Friends, we ought to thank God Almighty. Oh, say, "I feel the pull of the Holy Spirit. I feel the pull of the age." He didn't have to open my eyes. He could have easily passed me by. eyes. Brother Lennial sings for the age I was living in was wretched, poor, and blind. But then I heard recognizing your day, serpent seed, and perfect faith, the breach, and the message of grace. Lord, I thank thee. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We kept going, friends. Some of the mighty among us fell away, but we kept going. Amen. We who are alive and remain have had our own share of failures and missteps. Can I say to you, a prophet saw that happening. Yeah. He saw a bride at the end of the line getting out of step. So, we've had our failures. We have. Amen. But a prophet saw it happening. So, you know what the word to us is? Stay in line. Amen. And if she ever found herself out of step, you ever find yourself out of step? Come on, I'll raise up mine. Lord, I just find myself I Are you a believer? Yeah, but I'm just I'm out of step. You're you're you're spiritually on fire. Well, I I I want to be, but somehow I'm out of step. And And so I And so here's a The prophet's got a word for that. Get back in line. Get back in step. Stay in line. See, we have. We do. Amen. Amen. We have. We do. And I shall. Yesterday, today, and forever. I'll never stop going forward. We're going to have some missteps. I've had me some missteps. Oh boy. But regardless, here's a great point. Regardless of Satan's objections that he tried to bring in Zechariah 3, I'm still moving higher. Because under this covenant, there is now therefore no condemnation even possible to them which are in Christ. Amen. See, we know that election true Bible election is not a random event, but it's something by that God designed and put into put into play and it's a it's a guarantee. It's a powerful guarantee of our belonging to God's family. And it's quite unbreakable, by the way. Amen. It's unbreakable because it's rooted in our spiritual origin. Amen. That we were our origin was in Christ before the foundation of the world. My spiritual origin was in Christ. I looked the other day, brother Nathan Bryant and I were looking over some uh some some line there sites that uh that carry the lineage and it goes on back and they and it's all public domain and and we were just looking back. The question had come, had there ever been a name change? And somebody had suggested maybe brother Brandon's family's name got changed, but we traced it all the way back to through through his daddy, which was Charlie, and then his grandfather, which I think was Thomas Jeff or George Washington Brandom or something like that, and then on back to his daddy. And when we quit looking, we were back into the 1700s and it was still seven letters Brandham. And so, you know, a lot of times the claims people are trying to make are just not not true. And and so God God had ordained it. Yeah. It was Thomas, you know, I I I know why I was thinking of Thomas Jefferson now because when when Thomas Jefferson wrote and pinned and he had some help, but it's largely his work and he pinned the Declaration of Independence. When Jefferson was describing our rights, yeah, he used the term in the in the actual document unaliable. Now, in modern day, we call it inaliable. It's the same thing. Unalable is an archaic way of saying inaliable. And what that word meant was that these rights such as life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness are inherent human rights. And and and they are considered natural rights that every person possesses simply by being human. And that's the point Jefferson was making to England, to its king, to its parliament, that we have a God-given because we're made in the image of our creator. We have a right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. We have a right to not be ruled or controlled by a tyrant. Amen. See, and and so so it it means that that they're inherent human rights. They are considered natural rights that every person possesses simply by being human. And as such, they cannot be taken away. Amen. Unless you'd stop being a human. As such, these unalienable rights cannot be taken away, transferred or surrendered because they are inherent. See, so when the Lord dismissed Satan's case and the whole thing was the reason that you see that it was Joshua the high priest, now this is not Joshua followed Moses. This is Joshua the high priest. And the reason it's Joshua the high priest is because God didn't need Satan didn't need to bring all of Israel who had ever lived into the courtroom. All he had to do was bring in the high priest because the high priest represented the whole nation and in the and in the the atonement the high priest brought and and did the sacrifice and and and on the day of atonement and if God accepted it then it was for the all Israel. You understand? So you you understand the scene. So when the Lord dismissed Satan's case, he did it actually did it on the strength of this alone. His chosen people are his by origin. See, now his offspring, here's here's the rub. His offspring are born in sin. And therefore, Paul says, even even before we were converted, we were hes of God. But now we are joint hes with Christ because he said he talks about before the tutor and the seal of the Holy Ghost comes he said you know here's a young man and he's the son of the of the rich man and he and now he has an aotment because he's the son but Paul says but before the holy ghost he differereth nothing from a servant though he be lord of all he's the son he's actually the lord of it all he's going to inherit everything he he's going to get a signate ring his name on the on the contract or the check is as good as his dad's. That's what he that's his destiny. But before the tutor signs off on him, he differs nothing from a servant though he is the origin of the king. And so so now when we come so so he has an allotment but nothing has been allotted until now we are not only jo we're not only heirs of God with no allotment but I'm a joint heir with Christ which means now I have the allotment. Whose allotment? Christ. I thought it was his. It is. What's his is mine. Hallelujah. He's dipping into God's treasure chest and I'm dipping into God's treasure chest and he's my brother. Yes. See, so when we when we when you look at it this way, his offspring, though they're born in sin and though they're heirs of God, though they they have nothing allotted, but once they're born again by the spirit of God, quickening a gene that you were born with, then you're not just hes of God, you're joints with Christ. And as such, you have rights that cannot be taken away. They cannot be transferred. They cannot be surrendered because they are inherent. So my rights, hallelujah, and your rights to be in his kingdom can't be forfeited even by me. I can't forfeit them. I can't sell them. I can't get rid of it. The devil can't take it. No, there's there I didn't get it. God did it. And when he quickens the segene of God, I am a joint heir with Jesus Christ. I have unalienable rights that I don't need anyone's permission to be a believer of God's word. I don't need the devil's permission. I don't need a treaty. I don't need an armistice. I'm here to be an enforcer of the word of God. Amen. They are intrinsic. They are innate. They are fundamental. They are built in. The dictionary says they are built in and cannot be altered. Amen. So I could never not be a son of the living God. God uses in your life song. He uses life trials to train you, to shape you, to mold you. Trials do not come to weaken your faith. Whatever you do, don't let that happen. That's not why they came. They came to give you the opportunity to get through it and build on your faith. Amen. You you you want you want you want the the fastest way. I've said this for years. You want the fastest way to a test, fail one. And I promise you, you'll take that test again and again. And the Holy Spirit will see to it that you take it again and again until you pass it. And it might not be a pleasant test, but you're going to pass it. See? And so life's trials are part of God's training. And what they do at the end of the day, and you know this as well as I do, they they encourage us to keep going forward because in the midst of a trial, I can't back up. I'm not going back. That's worse. All I can do is keep going forward. I'm out in the Lord sent me out in the middle of a raging river without a paddle. Yeah. And there's no way I can go back. I'm just going to have to go where the water takes me and I'm just going to have to trust the Lord. But whatever it is, I'm going to face it and I'm going to overcome it. And the Lord has got this and he's got me and he's got you. He's got your life because your life is a song. He wants the music to play from. Amen. So, we go forward even when we and let's be honest, we don't always understand our circumstances that we get ourselves into or that God gets us into. Amen. But when that happens and here I want to come to this last point tonight and I've waited to this fourth session to I wanted to make this point since I preached the very first uh installment. We are urged when we come into a trial and come into a situation we don't understand like Abraham and he said Lord you came to me in Genesis 12 you came to me in Genesis 13 and now here you are in Genesis 15 and you keep telling me I'm going to be the father of nations. You telling me that the whole world will be blessed because of me. You tell me I'm going to have a son. Fact is a son that's nothing. You tell me that my offspring and my lineage, my heritage will be like the if I could if I it'll be like the dust, be like the sand. It'll be an innumerable amount of people. And I here I am in here I am three chapters later, however many years transpired. I don't even have one son that I can call my own. I got a young man in my house. He's a fine young man. Most scholars believe that you know and and and thankfully brother Brandham clarified it to us very clearly because the Bible you know doesn't make it clear whether this is the same Ezer that he later but the evidence in the scriptures is is convincing and brother Brandon just told us very clearly that that it was that was Eleazar that went to get Rebecca. So he's a fine young man. So I don't want to cast shade on Eleazar at any age of his life. He's a faithful, loyal servant to Abraham. And Abraham calls him that and says to the Lord, "This one born in my house, he's going to be my heir." And God is saying, "That's not. No, you're wrong. What did What did my word tell you? What did I say when I came? I said it would be your seed after your after your lineage. And it's not going to be this Eleazar. I know that. I know he he's a steward of your house. You see, friends, can I say it this way without casting shade on Elizer? I I I've got a promise of God that I'm his child, that I've got a rapture, and I've got glory and I've got heaven. I'm going to be with the king, but I got one born in my house. And and he's a steward. And he's got an awful lot of control over my flesh. and and and is this the is I going to have to go to heaven with this one born in my house? Is this going to be is this going to be my inheritance? Is this what you talked about? And God said, "No, no, no, no, no. This is not going to be your inheritance. But the but the seed line of Christ, that's going to be your inheritance." And I know I have a I know I have a man that lives in this flesh and he he causes me all kinds of problems and he's he's a steward. He's got a lot of control over what I do and what I think and where I go. And I'm constantly having to battle against him. But I got another seed that sees another reality for me. I got a promise. And so God, you know what God does? God takes Abraham. Abraham, come outside. Come outside, son. Look up. Look at them stars. Now, Abraham, and I said this to you in the first one, if you can tell me the number of those stars, I know the number of them. I want you to tell me, if you can count them, then your argument will have validity. But if you can't count them, then your your argument doesn't hold water. And Abraham is saying, Abra, it was obvious Abraham couldn't count them. That goes without saying. There's no way he could count the stars. But God knew the exact number. And I said to you in the very first installment that God put Abraham, God showed Abraham an unreasonable question. He presented him with a solution that was so unreasonable Abraham had no chance to comprehend it. He did that. He presented Abraham with an unreasonable challenge to stop Abraham from reasoning the word. I'm going to stop you. All you've been doing since Genesis 12 is reasoning the word. Let me tell you something, friends. God knew long before Genesis 12. God knew before Genesis 1:1 that there would be a man in the earth named Abram. He knew someday he would give him a name change. He knew someday he would give his wife a name change. He knew sometimes long before there was even time he knew that he would come and use this to to to propagate his seed into a great glorious kingdom. Amen. And it would be a faith seed and there would be no room to reason that promise. Abraham, you you've got all kinds of mistakes. You've made mistakes. You've got flaws. you you've been caught lying and cheating and conniving and you almost lost your wife and and you almost got her killed and you almost got killed and you all you did it out of fear. You uh troubles came in the promised land. A famine come and you imagined that I who sent you here couldn't take care of you and you left and went to Egypt. And brother Brandham said, "Anytime a Jew leaves the promised land, he is backslid." Amen. And not only did he do that once, he did it twice. And he's doing the same thing, you know, uh because he he's always afraid. He's always trying to figure it out. He's always trying to reason the word of God. Oh, I'm here to tell you something, friend. God said, "Look up at the stars." Do you know why God had him to look at the stars? Because the stars was where he wrote his original Bible. Hallelujah. And he's reminding Abraham, "Look back at the original promise. Stop looking right here and this one in your house and you're old and Sarah can't do this. Start looking at the original promise cuz it's not going to change. What's written there is never going to change. See, so he's what is he doing? He's referring Abraham back to the original word. And that's that's the lesson for you and I friends. We don't understand the world in its crazy condition. I don't understand why it's going. I don't understand why we're still here, but I know we're still here for a reason. I know we're still here for a purpose. And I know this word has not changed. I know the dead in Christ shall rise. I know I shall be changed. I know I shall meet him in the air. I know that the kingdoms of our Lord shall become the kingdoms of of the kingdoms of this world shall become the kingdoms of our Lord and his Christ. Amen. I know that I that that I that there's a number that no man can number. And I'm in that number. Hallelujah. Such an unreasonable situation that God placed him in. See, and Paul said, "He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief, but was strong in the faith, giving glory to God, and being fully persuaded what he had promised, he was able also to perform." And therefore, and therefore because of that failures and all, it was imputed to him for righteousness. Failures and all, lies, cheat, fear, running, conniving, tricking, deceiving, failures and all, warts and all. He never staggered at the promise and therefore it was imputed to him for righteousness. Friends, you know, we must resist the natural tendency as fallen mortals, fallen humans living in live, this one that lives in our house that that causes these problems. We must allow, we must we must we must resist. I I I I I I'm going to coin it like this. I hope tonight that and boy, I I hope the government doesn't hear this. I'd like I'd like for you all to be resistance fighters. And I'm talking about fighting the American government. I'm talking about fighting Satan's kingdom because we must learn to resist that natural tendency to allow the view of our circumstances, good or bad, but especially the bad. You know th those ones that tend to set our faith aside and send us down the wonderfully fulfilling roll of worry and fear. Remember that one? That glorious, wonderful, allfulfilling, peacegiving fear and worry. It sets your faith aside and gets you to skip down the, you know, oh, let me just go down to worry and fear. Oh, friends, resist the lies of the devil. Can we, how many want to be resistance fighters tonight? Oh, I'm here to tell you, it is through your resistance to that. It is through your unwavering faith. It is. And that's that it's that's how you progress. I sometimes you don't feel like you're progressing. Just keep following your faith. You're progressing. Say, "But I got failures." But God is imputing righteousness to you because you're believing his word. Oh my. It's always been about becoming a part of something greater than we are. That's what it is, friends. That's what we're doing here tonight. We're here to recognize that we are part of something greater than we are. I I I had Sister Deb sing that song because I I thought to myself, I choose to believe God and his many asurances and promises. I choose to believe, friends, that that the work is finished when he died for me at Calvary and rose on the third day and ascended back to the right hand and sent back his spirit into the church and sealed the deal and made a covenant in first that God couldn't lie. Oh, hallelujah. He can't lie. He can't fail. And and he has he has totally sealed the deal. Brother Brandham said it a number of different ways. I like the way he said it uh in the church age series in the in the RJC. Uh he said he said God God he said he ascended. He laid the body on the right hand. God got the body. We got the spirit. Hallelujah. And then he said and someday it'll join back to his spirit in a glorious rapture. I'm in that number friends. Oh, stand to your feet with me. Hallelujah. How many are going to choose with me tonight? Say, I'm going to be a resistance fighter, Brother Jason. I'm I'm not going to keep letting the devil push me around. I'm going to be a believer of God's word regardless of the circumstances. Regardless of what Satan tries to pull on me, it's just not going to work. Amen. That's as far as I dare go this evening. Come on and gather around uh with me. I think brother Tony uh was going to sing some more of that song. Brother Andrew, in Jesus name we press on. If you just want to begin playing that. Amen. Let me get to uh any prayer requests. Make sure I don't have any new ones. Don't see any. Okay. That's not okay. make sure. [Music] Um, no. So, here's the ones I have. Sister Sarah Smith wrote to say hello. I just wanted to put in a prayer request for tonight. The two little boys have been mostly up with a severe stomach bug since 3:30 this morning. So that was 3:30 a.m. So they stayed back to care for the boys and to you know the those stomach bugs can can spread. So we're missing them tonight. We but uh we want to be praying for their whole family. Brother Mark Lowry Lowry writes in request for sister Deb Deborah um she's been suffering with pain. She's going in for surgery first thing Monday morning. Uh we appreciate all the prayers headed her way. He's thanking you in advance. All the prayers headed her way. We believe for divine healing. God bless you. Amen. We want to ask the Lord to give our sister the same uh success. I know sister Amber had that procedure and has done good from it. Sister Hope Quick writes in, "Please pray for Brother Steven Phillips who is having kidney troubles. He attends a small Spanish message believing church about 40 miles north of us in Powe or Poe, California. Amen. So, I want to be praying for this brother Stephen Phillips. I don't know him. Brother Jay, do you know him? Jason, do you know this guy in the Spanish church? Oh, okay. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. Let's sing some of this, Brother Tony, before we go to prayer in Jesus name. In Jesus name Jesus name. In that name we press on. Are you willing to press tonight friends? Can you see your way clear in the word to press on in Jesus name. We press on. We press on. Hallelujah. Oh dear Lord with the bright clearing our eyes. Oh, we find the strength. Yes, sir. To praise the Lord. Let's raise up our hands now. Listen, friends. Let's give him a praise offering. Oh, thank you for his word tonight. In Jesus name. Feel by your word tonight. We press on. Hallelujah. I'm glad you got it all in your control. In Jesus name we praise our dear Lord with the price [Music] before our We find the mouth. Hallelujah. You're singing good now. How about you got it? Come on. Let's make it a testimony all together in Jesus name. In Jesus name. We praise you Lord. We accept your promises tonight. Hallelujah in Jesus name. We praise the Lord. [Music] Hallelujah. Lord, we ever [Music] find the strength to press on. Brother Josh writes, "Also, me and Belle are applying for an apartment, praying that we get approved." Let's go to prayer. Father, take take a hold of somebody standing near you. Join with them in prayer. Master, we come tonight, Lord, as believers of the word we've heard. Lord, you sent it to us from on high, and we want to testify tonight. We believe it. We don't always understand every circumstance and every situation we find ourselves in, but Lord, you said to Abraham, "Just look up at my original word. Yes, it hasn't changed one iota. Everything I've said to you, Abraham, is already written in the stars. Hallelujah. You don't see it, son. But just trust that I see it. Lord, may we have that confidence tonight. May you say to every one of us, son, daughter, this situation, you may not see the way through it, but don't worry, I see the way through. Just follow me. Let your life be a a life song of worship and praise. Let the whole world hear the melody of the gospel played out in your life. Let there never be uh your life in your lifestyle, in your activities, in your habits, anything that would cause the world to hear a off note or a wrong beat. Lord, may they because the the world doesn't know the true melody of the master unless they see it being conducted in the life of your queen. So, here we are, Lord. We're it. We are to establish the beat and rhythm of the melody that you have in your word today. If we don't, who will? Who can? We're ordained to it, Lord. And I know the enemy fights us sore, but Lord, this bride alone keeps going forward. And tonight, we pledge to you a new, Lord. We're going to keep going forward. I don't always understand everything. I we don't even understand why the world is like it is and why we're still here. But we know that we're going forward. There's no backwards. There's no stop. I'm going forward. I pray Lord that for those who might be two or three of those little girls at the end of the line got out of step and they were hurrying. They were trying to get back in step. I pray you help them Lord. I pray you help them right now tonight. go out across, Lord, our loved ones and our family and and believers, Lord, and the enemy has got them misstepped and and staggering and stumbling and they're out of beat. Lord, bring them back into perfect rhythm tonight. May it be so. We pray for these physical needs, Lord. We we ask this need that brother Josh turns in. Lord, we need you in all things. They need your blessing upon these applications. Father, Sister Sarah, her family. Lord God, these stomach bugs, Lord, the enemy just loves to come in, sweep through a family. Lord, may it not be so. Tonight, as a church, we pray against that devil. I pray against you, Satan. I ask, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ, that this stomach bug cease and desist and stop dead in its tracks, Lord, and leave those boys and proceed no further through their family. May it be so. Lord God, we ask for our sister Deborah who's facing, Lord, a medical intervention. Lord, that's still you. You're the one who gave man the ability to do that. These are your choices. We thank you. We go to doctors. We praise you for it. We thank you for them. Good, honest doctors, Lord, who will give you the credit that you deserve and give your name the honor that it's due. Lord, may of all people that give your name honor, may it be your bride. Grant it, Lord. May our sister's procedure be exceptionally blessed above and beyond measure that it even would astound astound the medical team Lord of the recovery. May it be so. We pray for our brother Steven Phillips Lord Spanish church in Cali. Lord we ask for your mercy for our brother even right now pastor having kidney troubles. That's a serious thing. Lord I've seen you heal that kind of thing many times. You've been merciful Lord. even members of my family been very merciful to. We're asking for your great mercy, Lord, for our dear brother in these needs. We commit all of these things to you. We love you. We thank you for your word tonight. We feel like pressing, Lord. We feel like pressing on in Jesus' name. Amen. Let's sing it again, friends, before we go. In Jesus name. In Jesus name. In Jesus name. Oh, we press we press on. That's right. [Music] That's right. In Jesus name. We press on. We praise the Lord. Sometimes pressing ain't very easy. So we call on the Lord. Dear Lord. The bright so [Music] and becoming clearer [Applause] we find the one more time one more In Jesus name we press on [Music] Jesus name we praise Oh, with the bright clear before our eyes. Today and every day we find the strength. Press on. Press on. Amen. Praise the Lord. Anybody got a pressing on testimony tonight? Praise the Lord. Amen. Praise God. Oh, there you go, brother. I think that's on. No promises. Yeah, we're good to go. Um, I'm not going to tell the birth story or anything like that for uh, you know, that's Esther's story to tell, but we're just really, really thankful for a happy, healthy baby, and we're just really happy. So, that's all I got. Amen. Praise the Lord. One soul worth 10,000 worlds. That's a lot to be happy for, Brother Luther. [Music] So, I was uh working the other day doing something I probably shouldn't have done. Picking up a bed, putting the rug under it and everything. And I was like, I shouldn't be doing this. I felt fine. The next day, I went to grab my turn the mute on. I thought I had it on. Oh, yeah. There you go. Yeah. Yeah. Praise the Lord. Um I don't even need it anyway. Yeah, you do for the So, I picked up a tool bag and I was just like, "Oh, I probably shouldn't have done that." And then I was like I put out a prayer request that the pastor and probably a dozen others uh on my little chat line and couple days later I was I was doing fine. It just took a little bit little bit little bit but I was like boy this is not good. I've had that um stem cell that part is just fine. It's just everything else is still 64 years old and saying knock it off. But I want to thank you for your prayers. I'm done. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Anybody else tonight before we go? Amen. Praise the Lord. Going once, going twice. Amen. Turn around and greet somebody standing near you. Shake their hand. Y'all make sure you welcome Brother John's family here with us tonight. We're happy to have them. God bless you. It can be dismissed to the wey brings new life to the holy there no doubt about peace my lord. Oh, he's my Lord. There is no there one who can calm the storms of life like my Lord. He gives rest to the weery. Brings new life to the homeless. There no doubt about peace my Lord for he gives rest to the weery. brings to life to the holies. There no doubt about it. He my Lord. He my Lord. [Music] There is no other way. [Music] Go.
