################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - 250601-Jason DeMars Quickened into the Seventh Seal Part 2 - Jason Demars.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-01
Title:    250601-Jason DeMars: Quickened into the Seventh Seal Part 2
Speaker: Jason Demars
Church:   Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 43m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ApmaNuIJqEw
========================================

Description:
Brother JasonDeMarsministers the Sunday Morning service "Quickened into the Seventh Seal Part 2  On June 1st 2025 We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] will give the glory to Jesus. [Music] and tell of his love. And tell of his love will give the glory to Jesus [Music] and tell of his wonderful love. Let's stand. We'll give the glory to Jesus. [Music] And tell of his love and tell of his love. will give the glory to Jesus [Music] and tell of his wonderful love. [Music] Oh, we'll give the glory to Jesus [Music] and tell of his love and tell of his love will give the glory to Jes. Jesus and tell of his wonder. [Music] Oh, we'll give the glory to Jes [Music] and tell of his love and tail of his love will give the glory to Jes. Jesus [Music] and tell of his wonderful love. Brother Luther. Oh, will give the glory to Jesus. And tell of his love. And tell of his love. will give the glory to Jesus [Music] and tell of his wonder for us. Amen. Isn't his love wonderful? You know, Jesus prayed that we would be able to have the same glory that he had with the father at the beginning. Amen. I'm just thankful this morning to be a Christian. You know the it's kind of humbling that you would be his glory considering where we came from and the fall in the beginning which basically got passed down to us. But thankful for what he did at Calvary cuz that's also got passed down to us. The price has been paid. If you have a request upon your heart this morning, I just want to raise up my hand. I have requests in my life that I just want God to work upon. And I want to have the right attitude going through whatever I go through. Amen. The right mental attitude will bring any promise of God to pass. Amen. Let's pray. Father, I love you this morning. And Lord, I I just upon my heart, I wanted to pray for those that Father allowing this audio and the streaming to go forth. how they separate their time, Father, in focusing on the technical aspects of the audio and the visual. I pray that you would pray bless them, Lord. There's a reward for those that work for you, Father. And I pray it would be a blessing to those that would stream. And Lord, as we gather in the house of God this morning, Bethl Tabernacle, we pray that you would come in a mighty way this morning, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. We lift you up before us, Father. We are nothing in ourselves, Lord, but Father, with you, we can do all things. I pray for your people this morning, those uplifted hands. Father, I don't know what's behind them, but you do. And you are more than able to meet each and every need that was presented to you this morning. I love you, Lord. I thank you for your work at Calvary. Pray you forgive me for my shortcomings, Lord. That you would help me through my faults and failures to learn. May they each be stepping stones to draw closer to you, Lord. And as we gather the tithes and offerings, Father, I pray that you would bless the cheerful giver. Look upon the hearts, Father, today. Reveal yourself in a special way. We pray in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] Well, I woke up this morning with my mind. Stay on Jesus. Say, woke up this morning with my mind. Yeah. Stay on the Lord. Put your hands together. Woke up this morning with my mind. Say on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well, say I woke up this morning with my mind. Stay on Jesus. Woke up this morning with my mind. Stay on the Lord. Woke up this morning with my mind said, "Oh Jesus, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah." Say, "I woke up this morning with my mind." Stay on Jesus. Woke up this morning with my mind. Stay on the Lord. Woke up this morning with my mind. Stay on Jesus. Hallelu. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Well, I'm walking and talking with my mind. Say, "Oh Jesus, I'm walking and talking with my mind." Say on the Lord, walking and talking with my mind. Stay on Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. will sing. I woke up this morning with my mind. Say, say, "Woke up this morning with my mind." Say, "On the Lord, say woke up this morning with my mind." Say, "Oh Jesus, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Well, we're walking and talking with my mind. Say, say I'm walking and talking with my mind. Stay. Say, I'm walking and talking with my mind. Say, "Oh Jesus, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Can't with your neighbor mate on Jesus. Can't hate your neighbor in your mind. cuz you said on the Lord can't hate on your neighbor mine Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. One more time. Well, I say I'm walking and talking with my mind. Say on Jesus say walking and talking with my mind. Say on the Lord while I'm walking and talking with my mind. Say on Jesus. Hallelu. Hallelu. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. [Music] Glorify the Lord with me [Music] forever. [Music] I sought the Lord and he answered me and delivered me from every fear. Those who look on him are radant. Never be ashamed. Never be ashamed. This poor man cried. [Music] And the Lord heard me and save me from my enemy. The son of God surrounds his saints. He'll deliver them. He'll deliver them. Everybody now say magnify. Come exalt his [Music] his name together. [Music] [Applause] Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. [Music] Come exalt his name forever. ever. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Let's give the Lord a wave offering. Oh, blessed is he that hides in him. Oh, fear the Lord. Oh, all you say he'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. [Music] Magnify the Lord with me. Oh come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Oh come exalt his name forever. Magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. One more time. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name together. Glorify the Lord with me. [Music] Come exalt his name forever. [Music] Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Amen. Never ending praise. May our incense rise. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. Ever ending praise. May our is right. Let us bless the Lord every day and night. [Music] Neverending praise. May oures magnify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name together. [Music] Glorify the Lord with me. Oh come exalt his name forever. Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. [Music] Give me a B flat in another C. [Music] The splender of a king [Music] clothe in mesty. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He wraps himself in light and darkness tries to hide. Trembles at his voice. Trembles at his voice. How great our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. [Music] Age to age he stands. And time is in his hands. Beginning and the end, beginning and the end. God had three is one. He is the father, spirit, and son. He's the lion and the lamb. lying at the lamb. How great is our God. Let's give the Lord a wave offering. Sing with me. How great is our God and all sing how great, how great is our God. How great, how great is our God. Sing with me, how great is our God. And all will see how great, how great [Music] is our God. name above. He's the name above. He's worthy, how praise and my heart will sing. How great is our God. Say he's the name. He's the name above all name. Lord, you are worthy of our praise. And my heart will sing how great is our God. Sing how great, [Music] how great is our God. Sing with me, how great is our God. And all sing how great, how great is our God. Let's sing with no music. How great, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God and all will see how great, how great is our God. See how great How great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will sing. How great, how great [Music] is our God. Sing. He's the name. He's the name above all name. Lord, you are worthy of our praise. And my heart will sing. How great is our God. One folks have say he's the name. the name above all name. Lord, you are worthy of our praise. And my heart will sing how great is our God. Everybody, how great is our God. How great is our God, Lord. I feel your presence, Lord. How great is our God. And all will sing. How great, how great [Music] is our God. If you mean to sing how great, how great is our God. Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will sing. How great, how great is our God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. How great is he? Hallelujah. You may be seated. Amen. Enoch, won't you come and give us a song this morning and we'll follow that right back by you, brother Aaron. Okay, let's give him a hand. Amen. So, we have brother Enoch and then right after it be brother Aaron. Amen. [Music] [Music] Every praise is to our God. Every word of worship and honor accord every praise, every praise is to our God. Sing hallelujah to our God. Glory hallelujah to our God. Every praise, every praise is to our God. [Music] to our God. Glory. Hallelujah to our God. Every praise, every praise to our God. Every praise to our God. Every word of worship. One accord. Every praise, every praise to our God. God my savior, God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. God my savior, [Music] God my healer, God my deliverer. Yes, he is. Yes, he is. Every praise to our God. Every word of worship, one accord. Every praise, every praise to our God. Every praise to our God. Every word of worship on accord. Every praise, every praise to our God. [Music] [Music] [Music] I stand amazed in the presence [Music] of Jesus the Nazerine [Music] and wondered how he could love of me. A sinner condemned unanimous, [Music] how wonderful and my song shall ever be. How marvelous, how wonderful is my savior's love for me. [Music] He took my sin and my sorrow and he made his very own [Music] and bore the burden to Calary and suffered and died alone. singing how marvelous, how wonderful and my song shall ever be. How marvelous, how wonderful is my Savior's love for me. [Music] And when the ransom in glory, his face I at last shall see will be my joy through the ages [Music] to sing of his love for me. singing. How marvelous, how wonderful, and my song shall ever be. How marvelous, how wonderful is my Savior's love for me. Why don't you sing that with me? Singing. How marvelous, how wonderful, and my song shall ever be. How marvelous, how wonderful is my Savior's love. One more time. Be singing. How marvelous, how wonderful and my song shall ever be. How marvelous, how wonderful is my Savior's love for me. [Music] [Applause] [Music] We sing because he lives. Brother JD comes. [Music] Because he lives, [Music] I can face tomorrow. sorrow because he lives. [Music] All fear is gone [Music] because I know he holds my future. And life is worth the living just because he lives. And because he lives, I can face tomorrow [Music] because he lives. [Music] All fear is gone. [Music] Because I know he holds my future now. Life is worth the living because he lives. God sent his son. They called him Jesus. He came to love, heal, and forive. be bled and died to by my part. [Music] An empty grave is there to prove my savior lives. And because he lives, [Music] I can face tomorrow because he lives. [Applause] All fear is gone [Applause] because I know he holds my future. [Music] And life is worth the living just because he lives. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. And we just want to remember the all the Watkins who are traveling back from the uh successful wedding that Brother Gideon, sister Annaise had. So pray for them as well on their travel I think soon to their honeymoon although I don't know the details. Welcome to our visitors. Brother Jim, sister Julie, so good to see you. God bless you. And uh so we're going to continue. I think about a month ago before I left for Egypt. Um, I preached on quicken into the seventh seal and I want to do part two this time looking into the scriptures. We're going to start in Galatians. Um, if you want to go ahead and bring that PowerPoint up. I didn't see any prayer requests uh come in uh earlier today. Um, but we want to you If you have a prayer request upon your heart, we'll have you lift your hands when we go to prayer. But we'll start with our PowerPoint. The back screen is still off. So, it's broken. Okay. Galatians 3:24. Wherefore the law was our school master to bring us unto Christ that we might be justified by faith. But after that faith is come, we are no longer under a school master. Amen. For you are all for you are all the children of God by faith in Jesus Christ. This word for children is actually the in Greek is the root word for adoption. So this isn't children like like little ones. That's not what it's speaking of. It's speaking of the word hyios which or hios which means uh son. So you are all sons of God by faith in Christ Jesus. And this of course is significant as we go into the rest of this chapter and into chapter 4. Uh as we look further, we'll read a couple more verses and then we'll pray. For as many as of you have been as have been baptized into Christ, have put on Christ. There is neither Jew nor Greek. There is neither bond nor free. There is neither male nor female. For you're all one in Christ Jesus. And if you be Christs, then are you Abraham's seed and hes according to the promise. Amen. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, we come before you, Lord. And we ask your blessing, Lord, upon the reading and the preaching of the word. Lord, I pray that you would anoint us, your people. Lord, anoint your anoint the saints here to pull on the word. Amen. anoint me to get out of the way, Lord, that your word might flow into hearts and minister to each one, Lord, bringing bringing healing, bringing strength, bringing bringing deliverance, Father. Lord, we pray for all the the Watkins and all the ones who went up to the wedding. We pray that you would watch over and protect them as they travel, Lord. That you would uh be with the new couple uh traveling as well, Lord. Watch over them and keep them. Lord, we ask for those who have any needs here in the building, Father, that you know the hearts and and you know what each one is going through. I pray, Lord, that you would meet their needs even now, Lord. We're stretching our hands forward by faith, believing, Lord, that your promise is true and it's for us today. We ask these things, Lord, and commit ourselves to you in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you. Be seated. And so we we I I just want to appreciate Brother Matthew's Sunday school uh this morning. If you didn't listen, um please please go catch the recording. It was a great blessing. And under the under the seventh seal, you know, it's it's not enough to merely uh grab the information about the seventh seal because the seventh seal isn't like that. Seventh seal is is a secret. It's it's silence in heaven for the space of half an hour. And so the other six seals we can go through and we can find all the information that we can look at the history. We could study it out. We could see even in the fourth in the horse riders and the four beasts. We can see how the devil works and anoints people and situations and churches etc. And then we can find out how God on the other hand combats that. And then we understand that there's uh his the not only the history of the Jewish persecution but the future of the Jewish persecution. And then uh the the world under judgment of the ministry of the two prophets. So we can look at that and see all the information there. But the seventh seal is not that. It's something we have to be quickened into. Amen. It's a revelation. Thank you. And that revelation is it's far beyond merely information but it's a person. All the seals speak of Christ but particularly the seventh seal. What is it? Seventh seal is Christ. Amen. And so just as Ruth Ruth, the bride is a type of Ruth, the gentile, and she didn't she didn't even have actually rights directly to the covenant. But through that relationship, she she had rights to redemption. Amen. And so when she came to claim her rights of redemption, she was given six uh six scoops of of flour, right? Yeah. She was given skip six scoops of grain. Why not seven? It would work better if it was seven because six represented what belonged to her, but seventh was who belonged to her, right? That's a person. The seventh was Boaz. Amen. And so Christ is that seventh seal. But then then again it's more than that because who is in Christ? Amen. What is the purpose of the seventh seal? We we forward to Revelation 10. We always talk about Revelation 10. But again it's it's something we should un see and understand that the purpose of the open book was not merely that it could be revealed and it could be off in the distance for us to behold. looking up there saying, "Oh, look at the look at the seals are open. Look at the book is open to us. We can see the reality of the book of redemption." No, the purpose was for it to get inside of us. Amen. The purpose was for us to take the book and to eat the book and become one with the book and then out of eating that book to be to prophesy again. Amen. So it's not only becoming the word but becoming to the place where we're speaking the word. So within this we understand then that not only will God be revealed to us in fullness in this hour but then out of that revelation of himself comes a revelation of who we are in him. Amen. And that in itself is the preparation for the rapture. That is the purpose of why the mighty angel came down was to make us ready for the rapture in revealing himself. That's why brother Brandham says in who is this Melkazedc he says think of this great person of how great this man must be and now the question is who is this man? theologians has had different ideas. But since the opening of the seven seals, the mysterious book that's been mysterious to us according to Revelation 10 1-7, all the mysteries that's wrote in this book that's been hid down through the age of reformers is supposed to be brought out into view by the angel of the last church age. How many knows that's right? That's right. Supposed to be brought out. All the mysteries of the mysterious book is to be revealed to the Leodysian messenger of that age. So he's precursing his message on Melkazedc. This message is coming because the seals have been broken. Amen. And then he goes to he begins to preach and towards the beginning of his preaching, he's leading out who Melzdc is and who we are in Mel in Melzdc. He says, "Now notice, praise God for the opening of these seals is my prayer to know these things. Now the true revelation of Melzdc comes into view. And so the this this this the opening of the seals and its effect and its purpose and the revelation of the word doesn't just stop in March of 1963. It keeps progressing. It keeps opening up more and more to brother Brandham. And who is this Melkazedc is a part of that. Many other messages that are a part of that. But in that message is brother Brandham says, "Isn't it isn't it strange that in a message about Melzdc, the secrets of our our lives are opened up and revealed?" And I believe I I I do believe that really grasping the revelation of what is contained in that message, who is this MelkiseDC, is a huge part of getting us ready for the rapture. Amen. because it it will bring us stability. It will bring us strength. It will bring a real understanding of who we are. Now the the it says he says that the revelation of predestination comes into plain view and many times this becomes a misunderstanding for people and they go off in one direction and they go off in another direction about that. But understand, every time that brother Brandham shows and speaks about the new birth, he always connects it to the life that's being produced. Amen. Amen. Understand? He he never disconnects that. If you've been born again, that produces a new nature which produces different the fruit of the spirit which produces a different kind of character in your life. Right? It can't not do that. Now, there's There's millions of people that mimic it. And that's where people take predestination and they go into disgrace. The only reason you go into disgrace is that you're merely a mimic of Christianity. Amen. If you are truly I'm getting towards the end of the sermon already, but I'll come back to the beginning. Praise God. But if you're truly predestinated by God, that necessitates the fact that God is going to be doing a work in you. You can't you can't get around that. He will do whatever it takes. And that is ultimately what love is. God is love. Now, I'm getting off into another message. In the Bible, there's four different kinds of love. Did you know that? I'm going to preach on that at some point in time in detail. But there's agape love. There's filelio love. There's stoay love which is family love. Felio is like friendship. Stoay love is is family. And then there's aeros love which is love between uh two lovers. Uh some people call it lust. However you want to call it, it's not necessarily a a negative thing as long as it's channeled in the right direction. But it is a lower level uh uh carnal type of of love. Many in English we just say love. I fell in love. What if you fall out of love? That's not agape love. Right? That many people say they love God and this church is such a loving church. What love? There's four different kinds of love. Many people love God with aeros love. It's just all about uh it's all about emotions and sensations. It's in the second and third realm. It's not it's or it's in the first and second realm. It's not in the inside of the inside love. It's not the right kind of love. And we we all talk about how we love one another. We love this person. We love our children. We But which one are you talking about? Amen. It's it's good to love your family with stoay love. But if you're a Christian, it needs to transcend that and go beyond that. And so if we understand really at at its root is the devil wants to give us unending aeros love in every direction. And he doesn't care if we love God with aeros love. In fact, that that helps him because it blinds us. Amen. Because all the focus is external, external, external, not the inside of the inside. What happens with every if everything falls apart? You're disappointed in everything in your life. What happens then? You don't love God anymore because he didn't live up to what you fel your feelings. But what if it's a revelation quickened into your soul and everything falls apart and you don't even understand why you're still believing? It doesn't even make sense to you. Why you're still believing? Because all the external uh uh evidence is that you've been abandoned. You're alone. You're so you're you're weak. You can't function. Well, if it's real agape love that you have that's been given to you by God himself, then it's something different. Even Peter when Jesus confront was speaking to him to call him to feed his sheep and his lambs he went between two different words. He says Peter do you agape me? Yes Lord you know I feel you. Uh oh you know I love you as a friend. That's a good love. There's nothing wrong with that. That's not what Jesus was asking. Amen. Once again he says, "Peter, do you agape me?" He says, "You know I feel you owe you." He comes back another time. He says, "Peter, do you feel me?" See there? That's the understanding the distinction there. Loving, truly loving. When God loves you, it means he's going to do whatever it takes for you to grow into the stature and image of Jesus Christ because that's that is his first purpose for you. So if that means that you have to suffer, that means you're going to suffer. If that means things need to be taken away from you, that means that God sees things on a higher level. and his purpose and his function for you is a lot higher than aeros love or stoay love you know just sto love a family just meeting your need you know that's the purpose of a a father in his family is meeting the need of his family well loves us like that but his love all those loves have to be are first subject to agape love which God see if you look at agape really closely you'll understand that it's seeing the intrinsic value that is in that individual whether it be God or a human or whatever it is but then it goes beyond that is it's it's meeting the need it's an action it's what God is doing in us so it's very very important for us to actually realize what kind of love are we loving God with amen Amen. And then secondarily is we have to see God ho how God loves it. God's love is manifested. The church age book tells us clearly it's an election. So God's going to do whatever it takes to call you to draw you. You could say you can say you can maybe have the false idea I don't have to do anything and I'll be saved anyways at the end. Well, in one way, actually that's true. But in another way, if you live like that, live anyway, and you are God's elect, he is going to beat that out of you. He will be sure that you don't think that at the end. We must choose. We must make choices. But ultimately, Jesus tells us, "You didn't cho choose me. I have chosen you." Right. Right. So, we have to make daily. We have to make choices daily. We have we're we're called upon to make the right choices. But we also understand at the very end that is God working in you both to will to choose and to do of his good pleasure. It's not us choosing and that God coming around and say, "Oh, he chose that. I'm ordaining it now." No, that's not how it works. That's not the revelation that's in Who is this Melzdc? We're a part of his life. And when you're a part of his life, you will ultimately produce his life. Every journey of the attribute sons of his spirit is different. And the timing of the quickening of that is different. Would to God we were all quickened when we were eight years old by the spirit. But not all of us are quickened when we're eight years old. God knows that we needed some scars. God knows that we needed some pain. And God knows that we needed to fall on our face and he pro we probably need to fall on our face a few more times. I know. I know. I'm finding that out. Hey, I say no thanks, too. None of us want that. But you understand that it's coming anyways because you're still here. If he was done with you, you'd be home in glory. So, you're still here. He's still working. And again, the false doctrine of uh turning grace into disgrace is only done by the false seed, right? It's not done by the predestinated seed. They're battling against that idea. We put all of our efforts, all of our strength, all that we are into worshiping and following and glorifying God. But we understand at the end of the day that it is God working in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure. We work out our salvation with fear and trembling because it's God working in us to make those choices and to do of his good pleasure. My goodness, I'm way off way off my scripture. So, we're looking at or we we're trying to look at Galatians. And as we read before in verse 26, you're all sons of God, God by faith in Christ Jesus. And so, the place I want to go is to look at the process of becoming sons. Amen. Or another way to look at that and and to talk about it is adoption. So the process of becoming sons for you are all sons of God by faith in Christ Jesus. Again, you're going from a a child to sunship through what? Your own efforts, your own works? No. Through faith in Christ Jesus. Right. and and and the let's let's back up even further and look at the bigger picture with the book of Galatians. Why is Paul writing the book of Galatians, right? They they're all uh in Galatia, they've received the the gospel. They're Gentiles. They've received the Holy Spirit. Amen. They're a part of the new covenant. And then false teachers come in come in behind Paul after he's left and say, "Wait a minute. In order to be a part of the new covenant, you first have to be a part of the old covenant. So, you have to follow the laws. You have to follow uh the the the holidays. You have to follow the Sabbath. You have to get circumcised. Then you can receive the Holy Spirit and be part of the new covenant. And so, that's the context of what Paul is saying. It isn't through the law or the works of the law that we become sons of God. Amen. It's through faith in Christ Jesus. I like this. I love this verse. Once again, we see we're not baptized into Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. We're baptized into Christ. And those that have been baptized into Christ, what what have they done? They've put on a garment. What garment is that? Christ. Amen. So you when you put on a garment, you actually are becoming that thing. There's other scriptures that talk about that you've put on uh the word put on there is not being a fake. The word put on is actually mean you're becoming that. Another place you look at uh in history that there was specific clothing for diff specific positions. So if you were a servant, you dressed a certain way. If you were aristocracy, you dressed a certain way. So as servants of Christ, there's a certain way that we live, right? And in order to do that, we put on Christ. So having put on Christ, we become, that's our position, positionally placed in Christ. Amen. All right. Galatians 4:1. Now I say that the heir, as long as he is a child, differs nothing from a servant, though he be lord of all. Now we go down and we see that he's speaking about adoption. And so when we begin to understand that this is Paul's uh big picture description of what adoption actually means, I'm sure you've heard it many times. I'm pretty sure I've said it a number of times myself over the pulpit, but the English interpretation of the word adoption is an incorrect uh uh interpretation. And why do I say that? In English, when we think of adoption, we think of taking someone who is not your child, going through a process and making them your child. But this is not at all what Paul is describing here. And that's not what the word huothesia means. We don't nec in our culture. We don't have this coming to manhood process, right? You know, it'd be good if we did. Might help some people would definitely help our culture. Most most cultures around the world actually do still have this process. But what it is is taking someone who's a child and that specifically Paul is using the situation where it is a place where there's an inheritance and there is like an aristocracy like we think of the old old English days where you know there's there's a lord of the manor and then he he is producing an heir and that he's training that heir. So this is the whole thing that we're looking at in Galatians 4:1. Now I say that the heir as long as he is a child differs nothing from a servant though he be lord of all. In other words, he's the he is the one that's going to follow up his father. Once his father passes away, he will then be the lord of everything. But until then, he's no different than the servant, the butler, the footman, whatever whatever position it is. his his official title being the heir uh and his training being different yet he's no different than the servants of the household, right? He is a child. It's not a fake thing. He is the child of his father, right? But he's not in positionally a son yet. Amen. Right? Because that has to do with maturity. So, so what is his process? He's under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the father. So the time appointed of the father speaks of that time where he is going to go from the age of minority to the age of majority from childhood to adulthood. Even so we when we were children were in bondage other under the elements of the world. Amen. This in in one way this means that and it s but it sounds like it's saying you know the the thing that put us under toutelage was the world we were being tutored by the world what it's actually saying and if you look further in Galatians chapter 4 is the law which the next verse I believe says the law was our school master Right? The law is our school master. Right? So the elements of the world is the law. Again, get the picture. The Galatians, they've been adopted as sons. Now you you've been adop now you've been adopted as sons. You want to go backwards. But when the fullness of the time was come, God sent forth his son made of a woman made under the law to redeem them that were under the law that we might receive the adoption of sons. We Osia. And because you are sons, God has sent forth the spirit of his son into your hearts, crying, "Aba, Father, wherefore thou art no more a servant, but a son. And if a son, then an heir of God through Christ. How be it then, when you knew not God, ye did service unto them, which by nature are no gods. But now, after that ye have known God, or rather are known of God, how turn ye again to the weak and beggarly elements, where unto you desire again to be in bondage again. What were they turning back to? What what weak and beggarly elements were they turning back to? The law. Amen. You're wanting to turn backwards. You've you've been placed as sons by receiving Christ Jesus. Right? By receiving the spirit of his son, God sent that into your hearts. Now you cry, "Aba, Father." You're in the position of sunship. You're no longer an heir that's under toutelage. Then why do you want to go backwards and be an heir under toutelage? All right. Why do we want to go backwards from walking in the spirit to walking under legalism to walking under fear to walking under control of another man? Why do we want to go backwards into that when God has set us free, has redeemed us, and has told us, "You're my son." Amen. Amen. Your name on the check is just as good as mine. Ye observe days and months and times and years. I'm afraid of you or afraid for you lest I have bestowed upon you labor in vain. Amazing. So again, see that process. We can we can even see a similar process in this day and age. You've received the revelation of the seventh seal. Amen. He's quickened you into that revelation of the seventh seal, right? I hope so. It it appears that way. Why would we want to go back into denominational spirit? Why would we want to go backwards into the place where we were being tutored and under toutelage? We are supposed to go forward. Amen. We're go supposed to go deeper into the word, right? We're supposed to catch more and more of what the prophet said. Galatians 3:10, for as many as are of the works of the law are under the curse. For it is written, cursed is everyone that continues not in all things which are written in the book of the law to do them. but that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God. It is evident the just shall live by faith and the the law is not of faith. Um but but the man that doeth them shall live in them. Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us. For it is written, cursed is everyone that hangeth upon a tree, that the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ, that we might receive the promise of the spirit through faith. Amen. So we see receive the promise of the spirit not by the works of the law. Paul speaks about that in Galatians. Uh, have you suffered so many things in vain? Oh, let me go back. There we go. This only what I learn of you received ye the spirit by the works of the law or by the hearing of faith? Are you so foolish, having begun in the spirit, are you now made perfect by the flesh? Have you suffered so many things in vain, if it be yet in vain? He therefore that ministerth to you the spirit and workketh miracles among you doeth he it by the works of the law or by the hearing of faith. Amen. It's not by the works of the law. It's not by what you deserve. It's by by his grace that he does that. Amen. He opens our hearts. He opens our minds. He draws us. He reveals himself to us. Can you give yourself a revelation? It takes God to give you the revelation. Amen. And so when the person that's ministering to to you, it's by it's all through faith. Amen. It's the hearing of faith. Faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God. And so it's obvious they receive the spirit simply by hearing the word. In Acts 10:44 when Peter was would while Peter yet spake these words, the Holy Ghost fell on all them which heard the word. And so we understand as we look at this and look at faith, if you really realize it, from Genesis to Revelation, from the beginning of time to the end of time, salvation is by faith. Amen. It isn't it isn't like some dispensationalists say that under the under the Old Testament you are saved by the works of the law. Paul makes that clear. By the works of the law is no flesh saved. Amen. Right? Not only that, but the blood of bulls and goats, how how did that save you? Did it save anyone? There's no remission of sins by the blood of bulls and goats. It was it was only a type. They were to do it in faith because what was it? It wasn't that magically the blood and bulls and goats saved them. They could have, you know, you they could have a horrible mind, a filthy heart, um committing every abomination and then just go offer sacrifice and everything's fine and not believe in it. Not ex. It's something from the heart that man believes from the heart. It was always that way, right? And so if you came before the cross, what were you saved by? Putting your faith in the word of God as it's revealed for that day. If within the word for that day it said offer a sacrifice, then you obediently offered a sacrifice. But understanding that Paul says clearly in Hebrews, it should have completely blown their minds. By the blood of bulls and goats, there's no forgiveness of sins. Amen. So what is it? Well, how about after the cross? Because after the cross, where is the blood? Find me a vial of the blood, right? It It was dropped on the ground. It completed its purpose. But what is what is the significance of the blood? It's the life that was in the blood. Amen. It's the Holy Spirit coming upon us. It's the washing of water by the word. So in every age, there's a message brought. And in that age, if you receive the word, how? By faith. What is faith? Faith is a revelation. When you receive that revelation of that word for that day, amen, you're saved. The just shall live by faith. When God sees that, when he sees that faith present in you that he himself has put in there, he looks at you and says, "They're perfect. They're sinless. They never even sinned in the first place. It's all in the sea of forgetfulness." Amenise. So really, it's the word that washes the people from Genesis to Revelation. Just depends on which side of the cross you're on. But then it also depends on what word is being delivered in your age. Amen. People look at that and say, "What does that matter? I believe in Jesus." Well, that's fantastic. What if something's hidden like for a thousand years and suddenly a preacher comes and opens the Bible and you know says the just shall live by faith. It's not it's not by the seven sacraments of the church but it's by the blood of Jesus Christ and faith in that blood. When you hear that message what is your response? because that's going to judge your eternal destination. If you listen to that and say, "No, I have the pope. My safety is in the pope." Well, you haven't received the word for your age. Right? And so God knows how to get his predestinated seed in every age. You you not only are you predestinated to the age, the word that's going to meet you in that age is predestinated to you and everyone surrounding you to get you to that word. Think about that for a minute. Christ is the mystery of God revealed. It should be a very familiar quote. What is the new birth then? You'd say, "Well, brother Brandham, what is the new birth?" It is the revelation of Jesus Christ personally to you. Amen. Not you joined a church, you shook a hand, you done something different, you said a creed, you promised to live by a code of rules. But Christ, the Bible, he is the word that was revealed to you. And no matter what anybody says, what takes place, it's Christ, pastor, priest, whatever it might be, it's Christ in you. That is the revelation that the church was built upon. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. And it's that revelation of the word that changes you. Amen. We're we're begotten again by what? The word of truth. So it's the word of truth that we hear it with faith that brings the change, that brings the transformation to our lives. 1 John 5:1, "Whosoever believeth that Jesus is the Christ is born of God, and everyone that loveth him that begat loveth him also that is begotten of him." That's the word agape. So, right together, just as always, Brother Brandham always did it is here's the here's the here's the new birth and this is what it produces, right? The new birth produces love, right? The new birth produces life, right? But all of that, we understand all of that is in a process. The person that I I hope this is true. The person that you and I were 10, 15 years ago is quite different than the person that you are today. Right? And so the love that you had then is not as mature as it is today or I hope that's the case for me. And so there is a there is a process that we entered into. Now the process that we entered into is not what saves us. Right? It's him doing the work within us that saves us. The process that is going on within us is produced by the work that he's done. So one follows the other. But the one doesn't the the the the work that the change that he's working in us is not what saves us. Right? It's Christ has saved us. Amen. The word has saved us. The revealing of it into our hearts is what quickens that seed gene to life, which then makes us subject to the word of God. Makes our lives subject to the word of God. John 1 12 and 13. But as many as received him, to to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name, which were born not of blood, nor of the will of flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God. Amen. So he when we receive him that in itself gives us the power to become the sons of God. Again no man can come to me unless the father draws it first. Yeah. Right. So we we can't come to him of our own will and of our own accord. As I'm never going to get to it, but as Romans nine says, it's not of him that willth or of him that runth, but of God that showeth mercy. He will have mercy on whom he have mercy and whom he will he hardenth. So God having mer and I've heard this many times especially overseas. Uh if God chooses to have mercy on some how is that fair? And I say exactly exactly right. If God were to give us what what was fair there would be no one saved. Everyone would be lost and in hell. So what if God seeing that actually no one seeks after God? I think that's my next one of my next scriptures. Yeah. Romans 3:9. What then? Are we better than they? No. And no wise, for we have proved before proved both Jews and Gentiles that they're all under sin. As it is written, there's none righteous, know not one. There is none that understands that. There's none that seeks after God. Right? And so it's God that seeks after us. We don't seek after him. We don't go after God. God goes after his predestinated seed, right? And so it's not our choosing. Yes, we have to choose, but ultimately we understand that it's we're we're choosing him because he first loved us. We love him because he first loved us. And so it's his choosing of us. And so him giving us power to become sons of God. It's look at the big picture of that. When he quickens the word in us, what does it do? That's the power to make us into that position of sons of God. That doesn't take away the fact that we were already his attributes. We were already children as the scripture we read in Galatians. Because you are sons, God sent forth the spirit of his son into your heart whereby we cry, "Aba, Father." So why are we already sons? Because we're a part of his life. We're in his mind. We're his attributes before the foundation of the world. Amen. And so that's that's why it's so beautiful when it tells us that we were we were not born of blood. Well, I thought I was born of blood. I could I was sure I had blood. When I went to the doctor, I was I was convinced I had blood. I was born of blood, but that's not what this is talking about. I was born of the will of the flesh through my parents. That's not what this is talking about. I was born of the will of man. Well, actually, I was a surprise to my parents. So, some of y'all were born by the will of man, but I I was it was contrary to my parents will, but God had a predestinated thought that needed to come forth. And so, he just bypassed their choosing. But that's not what this is talking about. This is talking about a different kind of birth. This is talking about the new birth. This blows to pieces the denominational preaching that you hear. the Billy Graham gospel, right? Come. Make your choice. Make your decision. Everybody, you have to make a decision. Preach the word and the predestinated seed will respond to that. Amen. Right. Amen. No matter what. And I'm not saying you don't have to make a decision, but when the gospel that's being preached is uh all about the decision and everything is into your human will, they're ignoring scripture. Amen. It's not of him that wleth or of him that runth. We're not born of the will of man. Can you give when you come forward and you know if you got saved at Billy Graham, saved at a Billy Graham event, I don't I don't say that people aren't, but I got saved so many times with Billy Graham and all this different stuff growing up going to Baptist church. I I walked forward at a Billy Graham event. Didn't change me one lick. went straight back to the drinking and smoking weed, but it was emotional. This idea that you can choose, you make a choice and then God causes you to be born again. It's very strange to me. It's a foreign gospel to my ears. It's God that draws you. No man can come to me unless the father draws him first. Amen. Skip forward just a little bit. Yeah. John 6:63. It is the spirit that quickenth. The flesh profits nothing. So it's the spirit that the word quickenth means to give life or to bring to life. So it's the spirit that brings life, not the flesh. Amen. It's not our flesh bringing the word to life within us, right? It's the Holy Spirit quickening us to life. Another way it says the flesh profits nothing. Or another way another way to look at that is the flesh uh gives no help at all. or the the flesh or human effort accomplishes nothing. Amen. The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit and they are life. Jesus speaking to the Pharisees in John uh chapter 8. He's going back and forth with them and he says, "The reason you've rejected me is because the word has no place in you." Right? Think about that for a second. So, and he says there of their father, the devil. Right? And so, that's that's that place where he tells him that. And and so we realize that there in order for the word to be quickened to within us, there has to be a place for that word to be so that when the word that is spirit and life is spoken and it's it goes to the place that it needs to go to, it can bring it to life. It couldn't it couldn't quicken anything in the Pharisees that were listening to him because there was there was no receiver there. Amen. If you look at it like that as a as a Wi-Fi signal, if I get a brick outside and I take it and as hard as I try to point the router at that brick, it's not going to do anything because there's no receiver in it. You have to have a receiver in it to get the information from the router into whatever device you have in your hand. And so that is what the predestinated seed have. They have a receiver inside of them that when the word is preached, it quickens that receiver to to life. Something happens. But if there is no receiver, the word can come there for 30, 40 years, a thousand times and nothing happens. Certainly maybe externally they get an anointing. Externally character starts to happen because you birds of a feather flock together. You are who you hang around and so forth. something might happen, but that's a lot different than having the very life of Christ living inside of you. That will put you in a place like Daniel where everyone is against you and you'll still manifest the life of Christ within you. Amen. Works as faith expressed. Man, I just love that message that brother Brandon preaches there in Shreveport. It it you know sometimes when you think about healing and you hear healing preached sometimes you get a little discouraged because you think I believe. Why am I not healed? Why isn't this healed? I believe. Well, that's this helps us understand. Brother Brandham talks about it. It's a revelation. God has to drop that into your heart by spiritual revelation. When he drops that, then it's finished. Amen. You know, it's it it really it comes back to God's grace because even healing even healing is God's grace, right? It's the children's bread. And sometimes God, we talked about God's agape love. His agape love looks and and sees what we're going through and says, "I need Jason to go through this. I could heal him, but unless he goes through this is this is not going to work this attribute out that I need to bring draw out of him. And so I won't let him I won't let him die, but after he suffered a little while, it'll make him perfect. Amen. And so really, we realize as we look at this is it's a revelation. Healing is a revelation. Yes. Salvation is a revelation. Amen. Now, faith is a revelation from God. Faith is a revelation. There's where I want to stay there just a moment. It's a revelation. He has revealed it to you by his grace. It's nothing you did. You didn't work yourself up into faith. You ever have faith? It's given to you by the grace of God. And God reveals it to you. Therefore, faith is a revelation. And the whole church of God is built upon the revelation. Amen. That's wonderful. Very familiar scripture. Ephesians 2:8-9. For by grace are you saved through faith and that not of yourselves. It is the gift of God, not of works, lest any man should boast. Amen. Amen. So even our faith is a gift of God. It's not from ourselves. It's not human faith. It's the faith of the son of God. Amen. Imparted unto us. And again, can you obtain that yourself? Can you can you go to a monastery and get alone and work yourself up to the place where you have the faith as the son of God? Many times we act and live like we can do that and we forget that it's him living in you working out the faith. We can only allow the right atmosphere to come for him to bring what he needs to bring. We do what we need we know we need to do by the scriptures but understanding that even that it's him working in us. Amen. To me that brings such rest because it's not based on how good I am at any particular thing. When we start to look at something as somebody is so good at this or they're so much more consecrated or they're so much more this, you know, they couldn't do that unless God placed that desire within them because the human flesh doesn't want to do that. You know, I I can remember when I first received the message, I had such a hunger to feed on the message. Amen. If I tried to do that again, I would die. I would listen to six, seven, eight, nine messages a day. I didn't do anything. I was in college. I did the bare minimum work to get my college done and then I was back to listening to Brother Brandham. And then I'd read and then I'd schedule something with one of my friends and I'd go witness the message to him. It was like all day every day all I did was listen to brother Bam. Then then I got out of school. I was working and I had a job where I could take a it's going to show how old I am. I had one of them old boom boxes that I brought with me because the truck I worked in didn't have it. And I just carried I had they gave me a solo job and I just carried that thing wherever. And I listened to brother Brandham. My brain would literally explode if I tried to do that again. What was it? It was an anointing from the Lord that drove me to that. Amen. I would like to do that again. I can't. And so on the one hand, I could say, man, I just I'm such a failure. I used to be so on fire for God. God has seasons. God has purposes. God has functions for every time of life. In fact, if I did do that, I would be called an irresponsible father. It it wouldn't be it wouldn't be right. Now, God might anoint you to do that. God God might take you and anoint you for a season and you say, "Okay, I'm going to going to retire from work and spend all my time listening to the message." And whatever it might be, it might be prayer. It might be a season in life where you're anointed. You could pray two, three, four hours a day. Yeah. I would like to say I can do that now. I can't. Amen. Because it it God does these things in us. We get ourselves so worked up. I'm not asking you to be lazy. I'm not telling you forget it. Just wait until God anoints you to do it. I'm telling you that when God anoints you to do it, you will do it. In the meantime, do what you know to do. Read the Bible. Listen to the message as much as you possibly can every day. Even if it's just 20 minutes. Spend time in prayer. If you're a father, lead your family in prayer and listening to the message and and reading the Bible. Do the things that you know you're supposed to do, understanding that God when God when the season is for more, God will take you into those seasons. Amen. Being a you know, you you could be a a mother of a young children or a homeschool mother or whatever it is. those those things you hey you should pray for three hours a day and the the housewife goes God will anoint you for that if he wants you to do that it's just as spiritual for you to fulfill your duty as a Christian to your husband and to your home as it is to pray living the life of Christ in the midst of what you're doing then is like a prayer right and so re realize that it is God working in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure. Now, if you have no desire for God, if you're just going after entertainment, you're going after fun times and that's the whole focus of your life, we understand there's something that's the matter and there there's a there's a core issue in your heart that's taking you away from God. I don't say that you don't have God, but perhaps there's a scar, there's a bruise, there's a pain, there's something there that's there's lack of forgiveness, whatever it might be that's causing you to be in a place where you're you don't have a desire for God. Well, get it out of the way. Amen. Take action. Take the steps. Have the difficult conversations that you need to have. Say the things that you need to do so that there's nothing between your soul and the savior. Hallelujah. Because anytime there's something that you you that we've done or there's some kind of little thing you have against someone, it's going to it's going to manifest in your spiritual life. And especially in your desire for God, you'll you'll run from him. Like Jonah, you'll run from him, but he's going to run faster. So just make it right and avoid the pain and avoid the suffering and the trials that he will take us through because he loves us. As I said before, agape love, it means God's going to do whatever it takes to complete you. Amen. To bring you to that place. That's what ultimately love is. And that's what love is for us to one another. The greatest desire we should have for other people is not that they be happy, but that they grow spiritually. That's the purpose and function of the body of Christ. Musicians, if you'd come, that's the purpose and function of the body of Christ is to build one another up, right? What is building one another up mean? Just saying it's okay. Everything's fine. No problem. Building one another up. The purpose of that is actually to cause them to grow spiritually. And all of us have things in our lives that need to get out of it, that need to change, habits, attitudes, um, lack of forgiveness, whatever it might be that's there. We have to get that that God is going to take those things out of our life. Amen. And I never really finished my message or got to the whole end of it. So, probably be another month before I get to it. But, let me just give a a little bit of a completion. You know, we we got to a few of the parts. You know, number one in our stages of adoption, we're first our first existence is not here on this earth. It's in the mind of God. Part of his life, part of his thoughts, one of his attributes that needs to be expressed. Then from there, Brother Brandham tells us that we're a seed gene born in the flesh to be tempted by sin. Amen. Isn't that interesting? And that's what we're here for is for that seed gene to meet difficulties and trials and temptations so that what? So that we fail? No. So that we overcome those things. But that seed gene in order to overcome has to go to step three, which is to be quickened by the new birth. Amen. So that's as far as we got this time. We thank the Lord for his goodness. Let's stand. Amen. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you so much for your word, we thank you so much for your sovereign work within our lives, Lord. It brings brings us to this place of rest, Lord. Knowing that under the seventh seal there's rest. The seventh day there was rest and the seventh seal there's rest. Lord, we thank you for that. Lord, we ask that you would move in every life, Lord, if there's anything in any of us, Lord, that we need to to deal with in our family or amongst one another or whatever it is, Lord, may we not let it stay in the way, Lord, to to poison us and to hinder what you're trying to do within us. Lord, cleanse us, change us, transform us, Lord, by the renewing of our minds. We commit ourselves to you in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Amen. Let's just worship him for a few minutes. More of you. [Music] more of you. [Music] I had it all, but what I need is more of you. [Music] The things I've had my feel, but yet I hunger still. [Music] Empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. More of you. More of you. [Music] I've had it all, but what I need is more of you. Yes, Lord. Amen. of things I've had my fear, but yet I hunger still. Empty and bare. Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. More More of you. [Music] More of you. [Music] I've had it all, but what I need is more of you. of things I've had my fear. [Music] I hunger still [Music] empty and bear. Lord, hear my prayer for more of you. Amen. We have a prayer request that came in from uh Sister Sarah Smith. Um, Brother Frank Prader asks that we remember brother David Ristler and his family. His 10-year-old grandson Jet Ristler passed away Friday. He has fought leukemia for a few years, but Satan is not one. Young brother Jet has run into the arms of the Lord and is safe. pray for the family and the Lord give them strength and peace and comfort. Amen. Let's pray for them. Heavenly Father, Lord, we look to you, Lord. My goodness, what a what a heartbreak. And Lord, no doubt just feeling the depths of that. And I pray Lord that you'd be their comfort Lord that you'd just draw near to them knowing Lord that he's even early entered into his rest but yet Lord the family having broken hearts. Lord I pray that you'd just minister to them Lord that you'd send the saints Lord to to be a be a help and be a strength to them Lord and and just give them peace Lord. We just commit them into your hands, Father. Lord, and we want to just commit everyone here into your hands, Lord. Go before us, Lord. Be with us, Lord. Do the work in us. Complete it, Lord. Knowing that you promised to do it until the day of Jesus Christ. We ask this in Jesus' name. Amen. You can stay in worship if you want, but otherwise you're dismissed. God bless you. Glory lifts me up and every day I live. Lord, I love you more. [Music] And it gets easier to understand this road I'm traveling down. No more wondering or wavering. I'm standing on solidly ground. Now I know I'm headed to my future home. The voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. More than I surrender, [Music] lighter my lo. More that I release my care. I release my more take control. The more that I can humble myself, the more it lifts me up. And every day I live, Lord, I love you more. [Music] The problems I [Music]
