################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-20 - 250720-Jason WatkinsFuture Events Becoming Clear By Prophecy Pt. 7 - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-07-20
Title:    250720-Jason Watkins:Future Events Becoming Clear By Prophecy Pt. 7
Speaker:  Jason Watkins
Church:   Bethel Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 51m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TNQx8sQyOeU
========================================

Description:
Brother Jason Watkins ministers the Sunday Morning service "Future Events Becoming Clear in Prophecy Pt.7 " On July second, 2025 We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] Hey people never cry or even like behind. If you would win for God in the right, just keep on. Oh, if you're in the battle for the Lord, [Music] keep on the fiery line. If you and my brother surely you must fight to keep on the fire in life. There are many dangers if we if we not if we die of fighting is no distra. So keep on the fire in life. Oh, you must be brave against all evil. Never run or even lie behind. If you would win for not in the right, just keep on the firing line. [Music] God will only use a soldier he can trust. Keep on the firing line. If you wear a crown, then bear the cross. You must keep on the fire in life. Life is fun to labor for the master. Help to banish evil and to spread good cheer. Pray you'll be rewarded for your service here. Keep the fire. Come on, let's sing it like we made it. Oh, you are smart. Be brave against all evil. Never run or even like behind. If you would win for God and the righteous keep the fire in love. When we get to heaven, brother, will be glad. Yes, we will. Think about this. Oh, how we'll praise the Savior for the call we have. Keep all the fire. When we see the souls that we have helped you win, leading them to Jesus from the path of sin. With a shout of welcome, we will all march in. So keep on the fire in life. Oh, you must fight. Be brave against all evil. Never run or even lag behind. If you would win for God and the rock. Oh, clap your hands. Come on, put them together. Play, brothers. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] All right, let's sing the first verse. If you're Oh, well, if you're in the battle for the Lord and God, you got to keep on the firing line. If you win, if you win, my brother, surely you must fight. Keep on the fiery line. There are many dangers that we all must face. If we die, still fighting. It is no disgrace. A coward in his service will find no place. Keep on the fiery light. Oh, we must fight. Be brave against all evil. Never run or even lag behind. If you would win for God and the right, just keep on the firing line. If you would win, if you would win for God and the right, keep the fiery light. Hallelujah. Oh, is there joy in the house of the Lord this morning? Give the Lord a good hand clap of praise. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You happy to be in church this morning? &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the Lord. Sun is shining. It's hot out there. Amen. But it's nice and cool in here so we can worship the Lord. Amen. Why don't we sing that song? I was thinking in the back. Um, living he loved me. You got that? Living He Loved Me, Brother Kevin. Amen. Going to sing this song. Living he loved me. Dying, he saved me. Amen. Buried, he carried my sin far away. rising, he justified me freely forever. And do you believe one day he's coming? &gt;&gt; Oh, how many believers we got here today? One day is coming. Oh, glorious day. Living he loved me. And dying he saved me. And buried he carried my sin far away. Rising, he justified freely forever. One day he's coming. Oh, glorious day. Glorious day. Say that again. Glorious day. [Applause] Living, he loved me. Living, he loved me. Dying he saved me. Buried he carried my sin far away. Rising he justified freely forever. Thank you Jesus. One day he's coming. Oh glorious day. Glorious day. [Applause] [Music] Glorious day. [Applause] Let's start our verse now. One day when heaven was filled with his praises, one day when sin was as black as could be, Jesus came forth to be born of a virgin, dwelt among men. My example is he. The word became flesh and the light dwelt among us. His glory revealed that living he loved me and dying he saved me and buried he carried my sin far away. Oh rising, he justified freely forever. One day he's coming. Glorious day. Let's go up, brother Andrew. I want to get right. [Music] One day they led him up Calvar's mountain. And one day they nailed him to die on a tree. Oh, suffering, anguish, despised and rejected. Bearing my sin, my redeemer is he. Hands that healed nation, stretched out on a tree, and took the nails for me. Living he loved me and dying he saved me. Buried he carried my sin far away. Oh rising he justified freely forever. And one day he's coming. Oh glorious day. Oh glorious day. Glorious day. Let's sing this now. One day the grave, one day the grave could conceal him no longer. And one day the stone rode away from the door. Yes. Then he arose. Go for death he had conered. Now he's ascended my lord ever more. Death could not hold him. The grave could not keep him from rising again and living. He loved me. Oh, sing it to him now. Oh yes. and buried. He carried my sin far away. Oh, rising, he justified freely forever. One day he's coming. Oh, glorious day. Oh, glorious day. Glorious day. Don't know if you know this. One day the trumpet will sound for his coming. One day the skies with his glories will shine. Oh wonderful day my beloved one bringing. My savior Jesus is mine. Sing it to him now. Living he loved me. Dying he saved me. Buried he carried my sin far away. Oh and rising he justified freely forever. One day he's coming. Oh glorious day. Glorious day. Give him a praise offering. Hallelujah. Amen. Are you glad for that? Amen. Turn on and shake somebody's hand. Greet them this morning. Tell them, "God bless you. Good to have you here in the house of the Lord." Amen. Worshiping together. You can have your seats. Brother Aaron has a special for us, we'd have him come at this time. Amen. A group, whatever the group is, come on and make your way. Group, whoever's singing with Brother Aaron. Amen. Now, I'm going to do something and just because I get my once in every four months to lead songs, so I'm going to I'm going to take advantage of it. I want y'all to give this group not yet a hand. But I don't want your golf clap. I want a real clap as if you actually appreciate gifted singers that will get up here and sacrifice their self, put themsel on the spot. Let's give this group and brother Aaron a real hand. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Amen. [Music] Wow. I'm going to let the glory roll when the road is called in glory. I'm going to get beside of myself when I get beside the king that day. I'm going to have the time of my life when the time of my life is over. I'm going to get carried away and I get carried away. Well, I don't know why I become a little shy. I get around a whole lot of people. And I can't figure out why. I never can shout about the love that floods my soul. My confess can express feelings deep inside me. One day I know and cannot show. One day we'll overflow. I'm going to let the glory roll. When the road is called in glory, going to get beside of myself when I get beside the king that day. I'm going to have the time of my life. When the time of my life is over, I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, will I pass the clouds and shout so loud may sound like thunder. My cheerful eyes may fill the skies till it looks like rain. And as I leave this world, pass the gates of pearl. Stand before my savior. I'll let my soul let the glory roam in the ro. He calls my name. I'm going to let the glory roll. When the Lord is calling glory, I'm going to get beside myself. When I get beside the king that day, I'm going to have the time of my life. When the time of my life is over, I'm going to get carried away and I get carried away. I'm going to let the glory roll. When the road is called in glory, I'm going to get a side of myself. When I get beside the king that day, I'm going to have the time of my life. When the time of my life is over, I'm going to get carried away. When I get carried away, I'm going to let the glory roll. When the road is gone for I'm going to get a side of myself when I get beside the king that day. I'm going to have the time of my life. When the time of my life is over, I'm going to get carried away. Carried away. When I get carried away. [Music] [Applause] Amen. Let's all stand to our feet this morning. But Luther, could you make your way? Lala Elohim. Brother Andrew, if you could play that for us. Amen. I don't see any needs written down, any request. Amen. Maybe you have something upon your heart. As we take up the tithes and offerings, we'll also take up any unspoken prayer request. Maybe something upon your heart. You just want to raise your hand to the Lord and let the Lord see that need. Say, "God, here's what I need today." Representing it by hand. The Luther come and take up the offerings and [Music] so a couple of written down requests. uh wrote a sister Jiance has a friend that she works for Susan McFerson and she has cancer and it's like six people in the world have had this rare form of cancer. Um Brad is also ministering in Ohio. We want to remember him. We have several people that we are dealing with cancer. Sister Melissa's mom and family because this is you know it changes everything. and the family's dealing with this and that. So, we want to remember them also. And Sister Melissa's daughter Jessica is traveling where we'd all want to go. She's going to Australia and New Zealand for vacation. Just want safe travel, have a great time, bring her back safely, eventually get her back in the house of the Lord. Amen. Um, cancer is just another thing, just a demon. So, you know, when people give me these requests, you know, I I'm glad it doesn't just rest with me, but it is a um my you just want God to hear you, God to work on their behalf. I want to remember our sister Kathy and brother Joel this morning, any others that are dealing with sickness or just difficulties in this life. Let's pray. Father, we love you this morning. You know how my heart is, Father. When somebody asks prayer, oh, how I would just want to kneel at your throne. Pray that you would hear my requests with a sincere heart this morning. We're gathered together in your name. We're all looking to you for the answers to the questions and requests of our heart, Lord. And father, you said ask anything in my name and you would do it. So we come to you Lord in the name of Jesus Christ this morning for these requests. Each and every one is important. No one is higher than the other one. As a human being that's beyond my understanding. But father as an eternal being, how you can love equally and without any dissimilation. We pray that you would move upon these requests. Father, bless those that are streaming. Lord, as we collect the tithes and offerings, bless the cheerful giver. Magnify your kingdom in our hearts this morning. We thank you for the bounty that you give us in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. As brother Luther moves amongst you, you can have your seats. [Music] Let's just worship him now. Hello. [Music] How we long to worship you. Oh, hello here. How we long to worship you. Sing that again now. Oh well. [Music] Elohim, [Music] how we long to worship you. Oh, oh, oh, he how we long to worship you, Lord. We come to you in worship. No matter what. No matter what our circumstance, no matter what the situation, can you do this? We will lift up holy heaven. Oh well, hello. How we long to worship you. Oh, [Music] eloh how we long to worship you. Here we are in Satan's Eden and Satan comes to beat us down. But with your spirit here before us in righteousness, we're going to rise and sing. [Music] and him. How we long Jesus to worship. That's what's on my heart Lord. Oh, [Music] how we long to. Could you stand to your feet and sing that now? Oh, [Music] how we long to worship you. Oh, elohim. how we long. Oh, let's sing the first verse now. Let's raise our hands and sing. Lord, we come to you in worship. That's all he asks. No matter what the circumstance, oh, no matter what our situation, the situ Oh, I will lift up holy hands and I all the [Music] How we long to worship you. Oh, oh, how we long to worship. [Music] Amen. Come on. Hallelujah. When uh Brother Matt and I were in Poland recently, I was just taken back. It just it left me amazed that they do that as well. Except they do it a long time. They said, "Give the Lord a hand." And they started clapping all over, thunderous. And it just kept going and and even I was like, "Okay, are we done?" It just kept going and I just thought, "Wow, Lord, my goodness, what a welcome of the Holy Spirit." So, you know, we're we're not just clapping for the sake of a tradition, but because we love the Lord. Amen. We want to make him welcome. Amen. God bless. You can be seated for just a moment. Amen. Let me uh pause the music. I'm going to make just a few quick announcements here. Let me get to the right right area. Tell the president I can't talk right now. I'm in the pull pit. And Amen. I don't know why he calls me at work. Amen. Praise the Lord. You love the Lord. Amen. We have a a wonderful opportunity today. I get to do one of my favorite things and that's dedicate a baby. Man, we are dedicating a lot of babies. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. So, um, as such, we we kind of have some plans. And I say plans because they're not uh all completed yet. But you're going to notice on the back side of the fellowship hall, a little playground. And um now we're I say we're not finished cuz we're going to build another play area for our um our regular size kids because we got a ton of them as well. But um and we're going to put, you know, something bigger um bigger swings and slide and monkey bars and things like that. Do they still call them that or jungle gym? Yeah, I used to call them monkey bars and I was and I and I and I hung from them constantly. But um so what we built out here is just for our little carpet crawlers. And so um and because we got a ton of them, I was noticing uh I was noticing Uriah standing up and I couldn't believe it. I tell you what, the way that kid screams and yells and preaches in service and he's already standing up. He's going to be running the aisles before long. Yes, sir. Getting his license next week. And so, and so we've got a we've got a a quite a a little group of little guys. And so, just remember that that is kind of held for our our very little children. Uh, you know, probably somewhere up around four or five years old and under. Um, because after that, the the stuff we're putting out there is not going to hold up to larger kids. And neither will uh larger kids be able to run around out there. It's not a very big spot. So, it's just about perfect for our little bitty guys and gals. And so, we're going to build something for our six, seven, eight, nine, 10 year olds, I don't know, um to get out there on. Uh we'll build that um later, but uh we have that uh for you waiting. And moms can go out there. We put a nice shade on it. And I just appreciate all the hard work that went on there. And there's uh probably more people than I even am aware uh that were involved in that. And uh I know brother Matt and Sister Rachel kind of headed that up. Uh but they had lots of help. Every time we'd go in there, there'd be different teams of people working and equipment running and it just uh they did it in record time. I couldn't even believe it. Now, Sister Rachel said there's a there's actually a little playhouse that hasn't arrived yet. It was supposed to arrive Friday and then Saturday and FedEx dropped the ball. But anyway, that we should have that Monday. I think they will have um I believe there's a a little slide or something going out there already. Um but you'll see it's just tiny. So, uh we're happy for that. I want to give all of those who made an effort and worked on that. Amen. Another Amen. And so, uh you just tell all my little bitty sweetie pies. We'll we're going to build one for the older ones. Uh, but we'll keep this one for our little Amen. I call them carpet crawlers. Amen. Praise the Lord. All right. Praise the Lord. All right. Brother Andrew, give us the uh the the song. Bring them in. Bring them in. Bring them in from the fields of sin. Going to invite Brother Matt and Sister Katie to come at this time. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Amen. And and anybody that wants to come and take pictures, you can. Oh, bring them in. Oh, bring them in. Oh my. Bring them in from the fields of sin. Bring them in. Oh, she's laughing already. Bring the little ones to Jesus. [Music] You know, she's going to drop that Kate. Okay. Oh, it's hooked to her. Wow. Okay. You can't even get away from that pacifier, young lady. Let me let me get a hold of this. All right. Wow. Oh no. Oh. Oh. Oh. Now get up and take a look. Take a look. There's your paparazzi moment. All right. You know, we sing bring them in from the fields of sin. We know that children are innocent. And she hasn't even figured out how to lie yet. But she will. And because they're born in sin and uh we realize that we want to give them back to the one who gave it uh so that he can be her truest father and her mother and her brother and her sister. Amen. Praise the Lord. Oh, okay. Wait, hold on. Don't break a record and cry on me. She's like going, "Wow, think about it." Full name. &gt;&gt; Celestine Rose. &gt;&gt; Celestine Rose. Oh, how beautiful. Okay, princess. Here we go. Let's pray. Father, what a bundle of love I hold in my hands our little sister Celeststeine Rose. And Lord God, this is the time when parents come and admit freely and openly, Lord, that they don't have the ability to to do the job sufficiently. They need you, Lord. So, we're bringing her in dedication to you, Lord. We don't baptize little babies. She wouldn't even know what that's about. But Lord, we can dedicate her to you and lift her to you and ask that you would watch over her life. Keep her strong and in health. Lord God, may she be raised in the admonition of God taught the ways of the Lord. Not just Lord, your acts and history, but the ways of the Lord that can only come through demonstration. So I pray you anoint the parents for this task, Lord. It's a great task. The world is careless with it today. But your family, Lord, pay attention to these things. So we give her to you now in dedication to the Lord Jesus Christ for a life of health and safety and service to the king in Jesus name. Amen. All right. All right. All right. Okay. Amen. Amen. Oh goodness. Amen. If grandpa wants to do that again when he gets here, we'll let him. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Give him a hand this morning. [Applause] Amen. Praise God. Praise the Lord. So, Sister Emily, I'm looking for Brother Tom today. Is he here or is he uh Is your dad here? Oh, I thought he was coming here. Not Oh, okay. All right. Go get him real quick. We'll wait. Yeah. Amen. Praise the Lord. Always enjoy seeing Brother Tom. Let's stand back to our feet. Praise the Lord. I believe um I believe I gave John 17:es 3:5. We're going to continue today. This will be the seventh installment on future events becoming clear in prophecy. I I trust you're enjoying this series. I certainly am enjoying it. It's so instructive and makes clear so many things. You know, I'm so grateful to the Lord for the word that we have because our hearts don't fail for fear because a fear, the greatest fear is always a fear of the unknown. So, I'm glad he has revealed to us everything pertinent to our life and gives us understanding not only of what we see around us, but so we can understand ourselves. Amen. and believe that we are part of the plan. That is the most beautiful thing. I would say friends that the most beautiful thing that the seventh seal unveiled was the mystery of the bride in Christ. Amen. That she is Mrs. Jesus Christ. Amen. John 17 verses 3 to 5. And this is life eternal that they may know thee, the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent. I have glorified thee on the earth. I have finished the work which thou gavest me to do. And now, oh Father, glorify thou me with thine own self, with the glory which I had with thee before the world was. Amen. May the Lord add the blessing to the reading of the word. You can be seated. We sure enjoyed our time last night uh with brother Samuel yesterday morning and evening. Had a wonderful time of fellowship around the word. It was good to see brother Joe and sister Jessica. And uh maybe we might be able to get some fellowship from them in the later afternoon if they get freed up over there with the Spanish saints. They thought they might wind their way over to the fellowship hall. got a a nice u some act some activities and food and fellowship planned for after the service today. I think you've probably seen the announcement. Amen. We've sent sent it out and sent out reminders as well. Amen. So, we had been last time dealing with um bringing you I don't know if I don't remember if I read it or not, but when we look at Romans 19 from the New Living Translation, uh Romans 8:19 says, "For all creation is waiting eagerly for that future day." Are you looking forward to that future day? Three people. I saw two hands and heard one amen. Are you looking forward to that future day? You may not be looking forward to the future day of the of the world. It's pretty dismal. But but this is the day when he says when God will reveal who his children really are. Brother Brandham called that the Mount Zion showdown. I don't mean to imply he directly referenced Romans 8:19, but it but but this is what that is. It's a Mount Zion showdown. And we find that in Revelation 14, you find that you have the 144,000 standing on the Mount Zion. And of course, Zion is always the bride. So, it's not standing, you know, on Mount Zion, but it's careful to say on the Mount Zion. So, you have the bride and the 144,000. Later on down lower, you find that you you find the remnant of the woman's seed down there. Now, they don't go into uh the millennium with us, but uh you say, "Well, why would they not if they're in the same place as the bride and the 144,000 and they're shown in the same chapter?" But remember, you don't read the book of Revelation like a newspaper linearly in every way. Uh and we find out that the reason that the 144,000 do go into the millennium as attendance to the bride is because they receive the same message that you have received. And with that they receive the same Holy Ghost that you have received. They are born again. Therefore, they are made part of the first resurrection upon whom the second death hath no power. I I enjoy knowing that the second death already has no power on me. This body might lay down. The Lord finishes me with this body lays down and I go on and and but but but I have my future is bright. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. And so I did not start here and I am not ending here. And brother Brandham deals with that where Jesus is saying you know uh in my father's house are many mansions. And so if it were I I would have told you and I go to prepare place and brother Brandham said what Jesus was saying to his disciples and this is a a massive point that every human needs to take notice of that this life is not ended in death. That's what he was trying to comfort them with. This life is not ended in death. That's why you've heard me say for years. This life really isn't about this life per se. It's about the next one. And so Jesus told us lay up treasures for that life coming right here. I have a mission. We've discussed that. We've we've taught on it. And we fig we we realize now that he is coming to a uh what we have been seeing through the church ages. And we've been showing this. I'm not going to go back over it today, but we are now at a uh completing a 6,000year mission. Uh and he's now ready to take the next step. What he's doing is redeeming all creation, not just a gentile bride. There's a Hebrew part of the bride. &gt;&gt; Brother Bram says that the Hebrew part of it. And so so we realize that when he he talks about that on that great morning that Hebrew part of the bride will lead the way and then the gentile bride will fall in and then the last age will fall in in their order and away we go to the sky. Oh, I'm glad that's not a movie. That's not something by Disney. That's they've never thought about something so glorious as that. That's a real event that we you have a ticket to. &gt;&gt; Amen. You have a token for that. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So we realize that after the millennium then the seven seventh the 7,000 years is finished that seventh section of a thousand years at the end of the millennium and then he redeems the earth and it becomes a new heaven and a new earth. So I I want you to realize friends I want you to think of it this way and here's why. Because too many times we live at ground zero and we get so um we get so astonished at things that befall us &gt;&gt; or happen in our lives. Sometimes it looks like misfortune. We know that all things must work together for the good of them that love him. &gt;&gt; But we also know that he doesn't promise everything will be good only that they'll all work together for your good. So sometimes we find ourselves in the midst of trials and tribulations that we didn't expect. We wouldn't have chosen and we would have avoided if we could have saw them coming. Uh because I've got all of that. I sure don't want to add extra corrective measures to my life. I'm already in in it for training. Uh, God forbid I would live in such a way that I would actually add extra layers of God having to come down in in loving chastisement. As brother Jason was talking this morning, real agape love is the only real love there is. It's the love of a father. And that's I I was so enjoying that lesson today. And so so we find that that that this is why I have I I want you to understand it's uh it's larger than you. It's bigger than your trial. I don't care how big your trial is. And and and listen, you're you're it's all bigger than this one whole one church here. It's bigger than the bride. It's the He's redeeming all creation. &gt;&gt; Amen. So, a lot of times when Satan wants you to focus down on, you know, and get you in that what Brother Juwel called wowy wowsy woo, you know, uh that that little, you know, uh me me monster party that we sometimes get into and little pity party and uh but it's bigger than you. I you know, I say that to young people. I say, listen, you know, you you get this going on in your home and maybe you don't like this and that and the other and mom and dad you don't like their decision. This is bigger than you. Amen. &gt;&gt; This is a whole family you're a part of. There's a name to be upheld and and there's the name of Christ. We should live above reproach &gt;&gt; on purpose. &gt;&gt; See, on purpose. So, so we find that it's it's as mankind has now coming down to his long multi,000year run, a 6,000 year run in a fallen condition. And that's over. that's ending. And uh and and and then at the end of the millennium, the whole the whole mission to redeem all of creation goes forward. And I I'm just glad to know that I am included in that. &gt;&gt; Now, I'm trying to be um rather meticulous today. I want to go point by point and I'm not going to keep you, you know, but I do want to cover my ground and when we'll I think I know where I can get to and we won't try to press it beyond that because this series is pretty heavy. We're teaching a lot of different things. We've talked a lot about the letter H that was added to the name of Abraham making his name to Abram making his name Abram. We've showed you the difference between uh you know in in English and these things are all important. This isn't just knowledge for the sake of knowledge. But in Abram, we have five English letters, but there's only four in the Hebrew. In Abraham, we have seven English letters, but there's only five in Hebrew. And so, we realize and many many scholars, Rashi, as I told you, one of the leading commentators today, uh, his notes are cover every modern prince, every modern printing of the Torah. Uh and and so he he rather supposes that this five letters to the name of Abraham are aspects of Abraham's trials as major testing stages in Abraham's life. He refers it to five commandments or acts taken from the Torah as behaviors foreshadowing the Mosaic law. And so um so that's fine. I I get that. And I in fact as I I appreciate you know the aspect of of of him knowing that there was something significant to the name change that and this is where I want we're really going to look at it today and and I was so astonished that brother Matt would be singing lai Elohim. And so uh we're going to look at that as we get down to it here. Just let me go through uh I've got this laid out so I keep myself in line. So we find then that um with only five Hebrew letters in the name Abraham as opposed to seven letters in the King James Bible. Now this kind of um um numerology and things that we notice you you can't go to seed on that but brother Brandham talks about numerology is perfect in the scriptures and threes and fives and sevens and you know and and we're not here to preach on Bible numerology but it's important and you need to you need to understand that him calling you Mrs. Jesus Christ is not an insignificant thing and it's certainly not just a grand title that you get to go, "Oh, I'm Mrs. Jesus Christ." Uh, it's it's so much more about that as you'll see it as we develop it here. You find, and this is one of my favorite places to notice it in the book of Esther in the first chapter in the 10th verse. You might want to follow me on this one, Brother Kev. Esther 1 verse 10. You're going to notice how that it opens up in this 10th verse. On the seventh day, not the first, second, third, fourth, fifth, or sixth. On the seventh day, when the heart of the king was merry with wine, he commanded and he goes through all of these names. I'm not going to try to pronounce them. I want you to notice the se the the seventh one. Carass. All right? and Carass, the seven chamberlins chamberlains that serve in the presence of Ahazerus the king. All right. Uh get ready for Revelation chapter 1 in Matthew 24, but we'll get there in a minute, Kevin. I I'll give you the high sign. So, these seven chamberlains are are royal officials with royal authority and they serve at the pleasure of the king. They are in fact appointed by the king and they serve as supervisors and administrators over the kingdom. These are some heavy hitters. These are the guys you want. You want to be in their favor because they answer to no one but the king. &gt;&gt; And they administrate his laws. They supervise over the kingdom and administrate to make sure that the wishes of the king regarding and you're going to see here in a minute that it even has an effect on his family. So when we look at this at that name Carass you will notice that it only has six letters. Now that's important. All right. So because that when we when we when we see that let me let me catch this one first Kevin give me Revelation 1 uh verse 4 John to the seven churches which are in Asia. Grace be unto you and peace from him which is and which was and which is to come from the seven spirits which are before the throne. So you're seeing a perfect pattern in the seventh day. You've got seven chamberlins, right? Who who are the administrators? And when John sees it, sees the one there, he sees the seven spirits of God who who are who are doing what? They are before his throne. So we know in our teaching that these seven spirits anoint seven messengers. And those messengers come with the authority of the king. They serve at the pleasure of the king. Everything that they are teaching is what God is revealing from his throne. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And in the ages when you know in the middle when it's an ad mixture that's okay because Christ is seated in the eternity interceding for that ignorance. All right. Then when we come to Matthew 24. All right. We find where Jesus now is giving a prophecy of the end time. Matthew 24:26-28. Wherefore, if they say shall say unto you, Behold, he is in the desert, go not forth. Behold, he is in the secret chambers, believe it not. For as the lightning cometh out of the east, and shineth even to the west, so shall also the coming of the Son of Man be. For wheresoever the carcass is, there will the eagles be gathered. Only now it's not six letters, it's seven letters. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Where the carcass is. You say, "But wait a minute. One is speaking of it's a man's personal name and this one is speaking of an animal." They're both typing what God is doing in his word. And in fact is you remember last time when they asked Jesus and I don't know if I still have that Jesus starts talking about you remember we read it in Luke 17 he starts talking about you know I'm going here I'm going there and they're asking him where Lord &gt;&gt; because they think he's talking about a GPS location and his answer to and they answered and said unto him Luke 17:37 and they answered and said unto him where Lord and he said unto him wheresoever the body is thither will the eagles be gathered together. So so we're coming down and when I when I begin to go back and I begin to look at at at church age commentators and even all the way into the into the modern day of commentators on the Bible going all the way back as far as I could find and I went all the way back. You're going to see here in a minute we've got some all the way way way back. And so, but the best commentators uh take Matthew 24 where for whsoever the carcass is, there will the eagles be gathered together. And so you can't tell me that it's an accident that on the seventh day several in cha seven chamberlains come and one has six letters carcass but in the New Testament it's now a different symbol attached to something different and it's attached to the feast of the word and it's seven letters and that's I'm I'm saying to you it's not unfounded in the Bible for God to have changed Abraham's name from Abram to Abraham and that going from 5 to 7 in English is significant. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But but when I looked at the commentators and I I was stunned because the best of them put Matthew 24 for wheresoever the carcass is, there will the eagles be gathered together. Now we know that's today a feast of the word. &gt;&gt; As the lightning shineth out of the east unto the west, that's now. And that's the time when we have the carcass, seven letters, the feast of the word of God. &gt;&gt; See, so I here's here's one that was reflective of all of them. The IVP Bible background commentary of the in the Old Testament or rather actually on the New Testament. They have an Old Testament and New Testament. This is from the New Testament. It's actually believes that this is a scripture applied to the tribulation period. And it goes further in its error to believe that Jesus's return will not be a secret event. Wrong. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; First mistake. Matthew 24 uh 28 is not in the tribulation. It's before the tribulation. And it's a bride feeding on the body word of the son of man. &gt;&gt; It's it it certainly is a secret catching away. He comes as a thief in the night. Listen friends, they say, "Well, but the Bible says every eye shall see him." Sure, when he comes back in Revelation 19, every eye shall see him. But that's not a happy time. &gt;&gt; The Bible says they wail because of that. That doesn't sound like the coming, the second coming of the Lord that the world is looking for. They go on to postulate this and postulate that and it appears to have been a well-known proverbial saying. And one view of its meaning is that Jesus meant that the false messiahs and the false prophets were similar to vultures. Okay. Amen. Thank you. I like that. They would be trying and then they go right off into the ditch again. They would be trying to pick the corpse of the dead Israelites clean for their own advantage when Jesus returned. Wow. Thank God for a prophet. &gt;&gt; Amen. And then they as almost like a footnote they mention there is there is a possibility in view of the context that the corpse refers to Christ and the vultures are God's children gathered to feed on him. Okay, keep coming. You're getting warm. You're getting warm. Remember the little game we played as kids? You're getting warm. You're getting cold. You're getting cold. However, right as they're getting warm, however, the idea of feeding on Christ is foreign to the context and the comparison of him to carrying is unappealing. Oh my, oh my, no wonder they love their rituals and their traditions and their denominations and their ivory towers and their crystal cathedrals. But I'm telling you, the the body word is what we feed on and it's what we love. And we don't we're not looking for pomp and circumstance. I'm looking to be like him. I'm feeding on the body word of the son of man. So they end up missing the whole thing. They literally miss the feast of the word that is promised to God's family in the last days. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; They miss the six letters to seven letters at the end time between the messenger to Sodom and the messenger to the bride. &gt;&gt; They missed that completely. And I and and brother Brandham says, "Never have we had a messenger to the church with the last three letters ham." See, because you remember that brother Brandham said, "It's the H from Elohim." And that's super important. Just in a minute. Not from Jehovah, per se. They're the same person. Elohim and Jehovah, the same person. But Brother Brandham constantly says it was he took it from Elohim. Hi M. And he says, "Look at Dr. Billy Graham. H A M." There's that H. Brother Brown says, "But it's only six letters." &gt;&gt; And he says, "But Abraham, that was seven letters. It wasn't the angel that went to Sodom. That's not my messenger. Because I'm not in Sodom. Why am I not?" Cuz Abraham uh Lot lifted up his eyes and looked toward the fertile fields and said, "Man, I could really do good down there in Sodom." But Abraham said, "I want nothing to do with the things of the world. I want to stay right here with my Lord &gt;&gt; and have communion with him. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And he says, notice it was seven letters. That's that uh in the name of Abraham. He was not it was not the sixletter messenger. I looked back as far as as Augustine and origin and uh in in Augustine rather the in his book the city of God uh book uh Roman nubal. Come on. That would be 16. Book 16 describes Abraham's name change as a divine sign of God's covenant and Abraham's enlarged destiny, but does not tie the change specifically to the name Elohim. Right. &gt;&gt; See, and so we we read you that some commentators, I read this last time, see it attached to Jehovah or Yahweh, which is Yahweh and then and then then it becomes Jehovah. And I don't want to go through the linguistic breakdown of all of that, but I'll just give you the the important highlights, but they're all I found a uniform agreement. Origin the same thing. his homalies on Genesis. He considers this the name change symbolic of spiritual transformation and God's call. But no linguistic link to Elohim is made. Medieval and Reformation era writers Thomas Aquinus in his Suma theologica refers to Abraham as a type of the faithful linking the name change to God's promise but again not to Elohim specifically. Martin Luther himself emphasizes the covenantal implications and divine promise wrapped in the name change. God makes Abra Abram Abraham to signify his role as father of nations. Luther refers to God broadly but not with a focus on Elohim. &gt;&gt; Adam Clark in the early 1800s suggests the added letter H is symbolic and notes rabbitic suggestions but again no tie to Elohim. Oh my. And but yet, brother Brandham comes to us and he and he lifts it from the scripture that Abraham called him Elohim. &gt;&gt; Now, you don't linguistically find that that's not the word he uses in in Genesis 18:1. He uses Yahweh, which is like Jehovah. And and and you but you do find Brother Brandon wasn't wrong because he didn't he says Abraham called him that. And that's what Abraham did. You've got if you just keep reading a little more into Genesis 21, you'll find Abraham using it. You go on to Genesis 22, that's the very thing. And Abraham said, "My son Elohim will provide himself a lamb for a burnt offering." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; All right. And so, so and and in Genesis 21:33, "And Abraham planted the grove in Basheba and called there on the name of Elohim, the everlasting God." All right. Uh, it's a it's a it's a a variation of LML lam, but it means everlasting God. Same thing. So, I don't want to get too much into the weeds on this on this breakdown. I'm just giving you the highlights. I'm just showing you that a prophet was not wrong when he's noticing this. Amen. &gt;&gt; And so now again, not linguistically speaking, but as a as a as a as an application, as a theological theme, uh Jehovah uh seen as God as a father dwelling with his children. You remember that as he led Israel, remember he said to Moses in Exodus 4, I believe he said, "Say unto Pharaoh, Israel is my son." &gt;&gt; You remember over in Deuteronomy where Mo Moses tells the people that God has carried you like a father would carry a son. See? So, so we realize then that that Jehovah is a name more fitting. Uh we we we see that in Exodus 4 and I I don't remember exactly in Deuteronomy, but uh he he carries him like a son. I believe it might be the even the first chapter, but but but he plainly tells Moses and I have this one. Exodus 6. Kevin, give me Exodus 6. Exodus 6:es 2 and three because here Moses plainly God plainly tells Moses and God spake unto Moses and said unto him, I am the Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Next um next and I appeared unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob by the name of God Almighty. Now that's El Shadai. That's the breasted one. You remember brother Brandon brings that says Abraham you're old. You're you're Sarah's old. There's no way. So nurse from me. Nurse your strength. Nurse your youth. Nurse your health. Let me say it to you today. Nurse your strength. Nurse your youth. Nurse your health. Nurse your power to overcome. He's still El Shadi. &gt;&gt; But by the name of God Almighty. But by my name Jehovah was I not known to them. See, so it's not now you you realize, well, wait a minute. I thought Jehovah, you know, to and said the and you know, when he sacrificed Isaac or didn't sacrifice him there and he said he called the place when he said to Isaac, the Lord will provide. And then the Bible says and it's now Jehovah Gyra because it means the Lord our provider. And he's got seven compound redemptive names. He's got actually more than that, but brother Brandham emphasized those seven. Uh and and th those were the ones that were important. God, it's the same God. It's always the same person. &gt;&gt; Whether we say Holy Spirit or Holy Ghost, it's the same person. See, there is no distinction between them at all. &gt;&gt; And so, um so, so I just want to make that point. So we find out then that that this would have a particular meaning to the seventh church age alone. Because not until Elijah could anyone see that the H was not taken from the name Jehovah per se, but rather and this is important to just like he was Jehovah, but he said I wasn't known by Jehovah. So these things are important to God. So it it wasn't it wasn't an age from the name Jehovah like many of the writers will agree with. But they but none of them until we come to the last day until we come to the seventh age under a seventh messenger. And he says it's not Jehovah it's Elohim. Because the family of God had waited 2,000 years to see the return of the days of Noah and the days of Lot coming simultaneously coming combined and coming to bear upon the saints. And it's at that time that he says it's Billy Graham to the church and it's seven letters to the bride. And I'm not going to call you church. I'm going to change your name. your bride. &gt;&gt; You're Mrs. Jesus Christ. You're the virtuous, bloodwashed virgin bride of the Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; She's living her life in this age and an invisible union with the heavenly bridegroom. That's why the world looks upon us. They don't see that. They see their holiness standards. They admire that. They want to emulate that, but they're not willing to take the path it that it requires. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And so they they don't see that what we are in Christ identified in the word as the last day bride. They to them it looks more like a controlled cult. It couldn't be anything further from the truth than that. But you understand I don't judge them too harshly because our union with Christ is invisible. &gt;&gt; You you have to be inside the union to catch it. &gt;&gt; Just like just like just like when we take baptism. All right. Brother Brandham says if you can read &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; you can get baptism. All you got to do is read. He says concerning um concerning the original sin, he says it's so plain a 12-year-old child &gt;&gt; could get it. &gt;&gt; But he says, "But when it comes to the Godhead, now you can learn and memorize the X's and O's and how we explain it. We have to be very careful. Use the correct language or it it'll it'll go in the weeds quickly and give you the wrong idea." And I love Brother Brandom. I just always go back to brother Brandham's simple explanation. It is so beautiful. And he says, you know, he like Solomon. Solomon was the son of David. He said, "But now Jesus wasn't exactly like Solomon." He said, "Because Solomon was just a man." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He says, "But Jesus was man plus the God man." Hallelujah. So, I love Brother Brad's simple uh Kentucky way of explaining things. So we find then that she lives in this invisible union. And so we know and we've already demonstrated to you in our previous lessons that God creates by that letter H. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He renames by that letter H. He multiplies through that through that what? Through his word. See where' the H come from? From him. Who's he? The word. &gt;&gt; All right. So, so then Abraham's transformation from Abram to Abraham, it would parallel perfectly the transformation uh by the word of the son of man. But you remember Jesus comes to them and he gives them a parable concerning the the swer of the seed. You remember that? And the and later on he doesn't explain it a whole lot. You know, one went and swed forth seed and up came wheat and then a enemy come in and swed behind him and up came tears and and and then the servants came, Lord, what shall we do? Would you would they we root them up? He said, "No, not so. Let them grow till the end to the harvest and I'll send forth my angels and they'll separate all this." See, so when they get Jesus back in private, they ask him, "Master, declare unto us the parable of the swers." And so Jesus makes it clear the field is the world. It was created by he &gt;&gt; the field is the world. It was created by H. It and and it becomes and that place that I have created by my breath by he by the H in Elohim by that same word by that same word I have made it so that the place I create which is the world is where I will plant the new children of the kingdom and they're going to be sown here and raised here and they and the earth and me and my word and my name will all be the same thing. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, so we find then that divine speech plus divine seed equals divine sons and it spans all through the Old Testament and the New Testament. And that's why you have to have a revelation of the Godhead to really for it to really take a hold because the the only people who can receive that revelation &gt;&gt; say those to whom the spirit will make it clear the only ones he can make it clear to by revelation are people who are made of the same substance. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, there's no way for anyone who's not part of the Godhead to understand the Godhead because we can't even figure out all the X's and O's, but I know I'm part of something that didn't begin here. I know I didn't come into the earth like everybody else. I came with a purpose and God has given me a divine call and I've entered into an invisible union. &gt;&gt; Amen. So this is why brother Brandham when he would say in the future home this is a privilege you have see because remember the future home he's showing you remember he took in who is this mazdcin and Christ is the mystery god revealed and it's all god by expression god by people and there's we read all those powerful quotes for you that you were gene and your father and he goes on that in the last four sermons uh in the rapture and uh and in leadership and and uh and and uh two other ones escaped me. But but we find here in the future home late in ' 64, he's saying if he healed a man at any time through the journey of life, let it be in the days of Jesus, the apostles, the prophets, whenever it was when the same condition is met. Aren't you glad for that? He's got to do it again. &gt;&gt; So there's nothing you need to do to talk him into it. Just walk in the order of his word and when you get a problem, remind him of his promise. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Friends, divine healing is that simple. You don't have to jump up and down and run all over the place and make a big bunch of noise. You have to live your life in accordance with his word. And when you get a problem, and you will. When you get a problem, you say, "Lord, this is your promise. I'm claiming it right now. It's mine. It always was mine. It always will be mine. And there's no devils that can stop me from getting it. &gt;&gt; The only one that can really stop me is me. &gt;&gt; See, so he says, "Whatever it was, when the same condition is met, he's got to do it again." That's right. He doesn't change. Man changes. Time changes. The time changes, our changes, dispensation changes, but God remains the same. He is perfect. And brother Benham says, "What a hope that ought to give sick people." See, friends, that's the whole beauty of it. The if if if if any man or woman down through the scripture ever received the revelation from God starting with Abel who received it, he heard, he recognized, and he acted upon it. Then then what whatever God did for them, if you hear it and recognize it and act upon it, if you receive it and believe it and act upon it, then God has to do the same thing for you. Why do you think Why do you I mean, in Egypt, they've got a pyramid. And and what and they think they built that thing. What they don't know is is that was Enoch's church. &gt;&gt; And they think they built it. They didn't build it. Enoch built that thing. That was his church. And he and he and the the the Bible in the stars match the Bible in the pyramid matches the Bible that we have. Oh, hallelujah. Now the Now the trick is to get this Bible to match this Bible. &gt;&gt; He's already given you a name change. He's already given you H into your name. &gt;&gt; What does hinder you, oh foolish Galatians? What does hinder you? &gt;&gt; How did you ever turn it around to some man-made thing? This is the power of of Christ and his resurrection power that I may know him &gt;&gt; and the power of his resurrection. &gt;&gt; I mean, listen, here's here's the real takeaway for me. Go to that pyramid. Many of you have been to that pyramid. Mike's been to that pyramid. JD, Matt's been to that pyramid. Anybody else been to that pyramid? Got three brothers in here. Brother Travis, you were there. That's right. Uh and the and the girls were there when y'all saw all that. Uh when y'all went to who? Israel, you didn't take your wives. What's the matter for you? Wow. I would have never Well, never mind. Oh, praise the Lord, Sister Deb. You got the best man in the building. I I don't know. She wouldn't go probably. Well, she might. Pyramids. No. Jerusalem. Yes. She's be like, I'll just see the pyramid. I'll just go meet Enoch and I'll ask him about it. I'm so glad to know I'm going to meet Enoch. &gt;&gt; The point I'm wanting to make is, yeah, his church is there, but there ain't no grave there. &gt;&gt; You Enoch's not buried there. Look all through, dig through the sand till kingdom come. You won't find a grave. You won't find his remains because he was changed in a moment and the twinkling of an eye. &gt;&gt; Amen. Abraham's name change added creation power to the promise. Which means that because you are now Mrs. Jesus Christ, the power of creation is added into your promise. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; See, so that's how he'll get us all the way. I mean, creation power, I just say, my goodness, creation power, it already proved it can create something out of nothing. Are you standing on an earth? You're standing on an earth that came out out of nothing. He made all things from nothing that appears. &gt;&gt; See, so if that's the kind of power he has and that's and he he has put that in your possession and identified it. He put a marker there calling you Mrs. Jesus Christ like Abram made him Abraham. Sarai made her Sarah. He's doing the same thing again. And I just so appreciate that it took a prophet to realize that it came out of Elohim because because Elohim literally Elohim is the self-existing God. And as Abraham as I showed you in 20 what I say 21 and 22 and 23 maybe he's using that term. And so when he when there in 18 he calls him Yahweh or Jehovah. And then three I think two or three verses down he because he calls him Lord not lords Lord Yahweh Jehovah three or two or three verses down he says my Lord and that's Dona because now it's personal you're not just I already know who you are but I also know you're my Lord. I also know that I came out of your lineage. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And that's what kept him out of Sodom. That's what brought you out of Sodom. You no longer were satisfied with Sodom. You wanted to live among the king. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, it's a it's the same resurrection creative power that works in the believer's body and it it shows that it will bring us from the grave and that the redemption of all creation is underway. The redemption of all creation. That's literally what the future home &gt;&gt; message was all about. And nothing can stop it. &gt;&gt; That's right. Praise God. &gt;&gt; Nothing ever could stop it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; See, friends, that's what we've been trying to get you to understand. There's not enough devils in hell. &gt;&gt; You're on the way to something. &gt;&gt; It's like I It's like I gave you that golfing. Got a number of brothers in here love golf. They always appreciate this, but everybody can can see it. Uh, and I don't remember which golf pro it was. Might have been Zeer. I don't remember. It was way back or Palmer, one of those guys. It might have been uh Jack because he had such a long drive and they were asking him, "How do you drive the ball that far off a te?" And man, he could just like send it to Alpha Centuri off the T-OT. And he said, "Well, it's I because I'm not trying to hit the ball. I'm trying to do a perfect swing and the ball's in the path." &gt;&gt; And literally, he said, "The ball's in my way. He said, "I'm trying to commit a perfect swing, and the ball is in my way. It's in the path of the swing." So, I'm here to tell you something, friends. God is going to restore an earth, and he's going to restore an Eden, and he's going to bring a new heavens and the new earth, and you're going to be there cuz you're in the way. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. And on his way to that, he's taking you home. On his way to that, we're coming back together with Moses and Elijah together, 144,000. Uh because of that, we're all going to be in a millennium. Because of that, when Satan is loosed at the end of a thousand years, we're lifted up and fire and brimstone is rained down. And I saw a new heavens and a new earth. And you're going to be there. And that city of gigantic pearl is already hung. The gates are hung. The streets are ready. And those who built it stand in awe, waiting only for those to throng its streets for whom it was built. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Oh my. So we find then that our life then becomes now let me turn for home God maybe I would say 15 16 minutes you good &gt;&gt; I want to get to this part it's on my heart I had two more parts I wanted to get to but I said to myself self when you get to this point look at the clock and you may only have time for one I got time for one there were times Um, and I I struggled even studying how to word this to make it sound sensitive enough, but not I'm not here to take a sermon like this where we're just rejoicing in the Lord and turn it dark on you. But there have been times in our lives where our environment uh for lack of a better way to say it didn't nurture our true nature. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And I'm talking about the one that Paul spoke about. We were all at one time by nature the children of wrath, but that's not our original nature. Our original nature, we've proved to you, came from God. That's the gene of God. As you were a gene in your earthly father, so you're a gene in your heavenly father. And that's that that's that deep calling to the deep. Called to that gene. And that gene responded. That that seed called out there must be more. There must be something more. And because it had that cry, the world doesn't cry that. They're when they say there must be something more, they're mostly referring to extra zeros in their checking account. Right? &gt;&gt; When when they cry for something more, they want something material, something in the world, a higher education, a better career, better station in life, better position, more social media friends, all you know, but but to the but to the bride, somehow we have this strange almost inexplicable feeling that says, "I really don't care so much about that. &gt;&gt; I'm I'm crying for something more that's eternal, &gt;&gt; not transient. Not here. It's gone here today. It's gone tomorrow. You be rich today and broke tomorrow. Multi-millionaires, billionaires who lose a bunch of money and and come down to just be millionaires jump out of 50 story windows &gt;&gt; because I'm broke. What do you mean? You still got $50 million in the bank. Yeah, but I used to have 3.6 billion. I'm broke. You're not broke. You're insane. &gt;&gt; So, so the the the God of this evil age has blinded your eyes. So, we get that that there we had a an original nature. I wasn't born with it, but I had it I was born with it dormant as a seed of God down inside of me. And so, there were times when we maybe I don't know, maybe the the way we were born, maybe we were born illicitly, maybe we were born in a family that wasn't godly. Brother Brandham was like that. His family was not religious at all, he said. And it put terrible strains in him. and he he he he hated women and he said they're not worth a good bullet to shoot them with. And that's a that's the mentality of a 14-year-old boy who's been raised in that kind of environment &gt;&gt; of cheating and drinking and killing and cussing and everything is foul. And he's he knew that married women were at his house uh you know in fornication through the night going back home in the give them black coffee and get them back home before their husband comes in from his overnight shift. get him sober and saying be home cooking him breakfast. And brother Brandham said, "I hated that." He said, "Now the Holy Spirit took that from me." He said, "And now I realize that a godly woman is the greatest gift God can give a man outside of his salvation." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That she's a jewel in his crown. And and he and he talks about you treat her as a sweetheart and all these different things. So I'm I'm just saying all that to say again, sometimes environments didn't nurture our true nature. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Wow. Maybe maybe former associates, maybe dare I say former churches, former pastors, former spouses. I hate to say it like that, but hey, this is the grabag of life, &gt;&gt; you know, and and it happens. And and and and more than that, not only not only did it not nurture our true nature, but it actually fed our flesh nature. &gt;&gt; This is almost a double whammy. And I have heard I have heard over over almost 40 years of ministry. I have heard uh you know the the heartbreaking stories of those raised in those kinds of environments. &gt;&gt; And sometimes I have as you have today in a real uh turn of of let's just be honest. Let's be transparent today. And I'll just be transparent with you. Sometimes I have suffered deep regrets uh uh steering my own ship &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; into &gt;&gt; situations that didn't nurture &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; my true nature but actually fed my fallen flesh. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Or worse yet, you say it can be worse than that. Yeah. Worse yet, many times, come on, I'm going to say we. Sometimes, not only did we steer ourselves into those terrible harbors, but we refused to steer ourselves out of them, even though the captain was giving you the coordinates to get out. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; I think we have to come back to the oldfashioned stanza. It's not It really is not my brother or my sister, but it's me, oh Lord. Yeah. &gt;&gt; It really is not my parents or my pastor, my spouse or my children, my school or my job. It's me, oh Lord, &gt;&gt; standing in the need of prayer. &gt;&gt; I'm going to tell you something, friends. When you're willing to lead with that, something good can be accomplished. &gt;&gt; When you get down off your high horse and you'll lead with that and say, "It's not this one or that one. It's I was I'm not going to blame anyone no matter what happened because I did enough damage to myself. How am I going to blame them? I just know now I've got a choice to make and I can break a cycle and I can take the way of the of the despised few if I want to. &gt;&gt; And if you want to, I'm here to tell you there's a Holy Ghost who's here to give you and empower you with the ability to do that and break the cycles of bad family and bad planning and bad marriage and bad this and bad that. Oh, he can make you a brand new creation in Christ Jesus. Thank you, Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; There's one above you with creative power. I don't ever want you to forget that today when you leave here and you say, "Well, you just don't know what happened to me." I don't know. I probably don't want to know. I certainly don't need to know. But here's what I do know. And here's what I'd like you to know. There's someone just above you with creative power. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. who, as brother Fred Mullen says, I want to tell everybody about somebody who can help anybody. &gt;&gt; Oh my. He created everything from nothing. Isaiah 59 says, "Behold, the Lord's hand is not shortened that it cannot save, neither his ear heavy that it cannot hear." I love the NLT version of that. Listen. It starts out with that big bold exclamation point. Listen, the Lord's arm is not too weak to save you, nor is it too deaf to hear your call. Can I just come to a conclusion today to say uh the Lord, the arm of the Lord is not too weak to save you. The arm of the Lord is not too weak to save your children. The arm of the Lord is not too weak to save your marriage. The arm of the Lord is not too weak to save your health. And he's not deaf. He can hear you. All you have to do is cry out to him and say, "Lord God, I'm not worth much, but somehow you love me while I was a sinner, and I want to give my whole life, my everything to you right now. My I dedicate everything to you." How many are willing to lead with that today? Stand to your feet with me. Raise up those hands in affirmation. Say, "Lord, I'm willing to surrender it all. I want your all everything in your word, Lord God. Today. I don't want to wait more years. I want to see it come today. Oh my. Brother Brandham talks about I love this statement. M sing that for me again. Li Elohim. It was so shocking that you were singing that. predestinated children. They recognize their true spiritual identity when they hear the authentic call of God. Here's how brother Brandham said it. And I know everyone in here can relate to this. He talks about a eagle trapped in a bar. How to get him to think he's a chicken. &gt;&gt; He's not. He's an eagle. Brother Ram says, "But one day his mammy, his mother eagle, his mammy flew over." You know why she flew over? Cuz she was looking for him. &gt;&gt; I don't I don't know what barnyard you were in, what barard you were in. I don't know what house of ill fame you were in. But when he found you, he found you cuz he was looking for you. &gt;&gt; And I want you to recognize that today. Give that back to the devil. It doesn't matter how I was born. It doesn't matter what I came through, my raising my people, my job, my this. None of that matters. I'm choosing him. I'm choosing the one who can change it all and help me. The one who knows me, the one who came looking for me. One day his mommy flew over and she screamed. He recognized it. None of those other little chickens, they didn't even look up other than maybe to run. He recognized it. That sounded right. Why? He was a eagle to begin with. &gt;&gt; Here's Elijah. That's the way it is with the gospel or the word or the power of Jesus Christ. When a man has been predestinated to eternal life, he hears that true ring scream of God, nothing can keep him from it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; If an eagle flies over a barnyard, chickens scramble and run. What caused that little guy to not run, but to actually look up and try to talk to this great being? And somehow when she screamed out, "You're not a chicken. You don't belong there. You didn't start there. You came from me. Somebody took you. There was a devious trick played on you. You didn't start in that barnyard. I didn't start in this fallen world. I heard an eagle scream. You didn't start there. Just say that to yourself. I didn't start here. I got a creator above me saying, "Come up higher. Come up out of that. I've got a whole new life for you. A whole new world for you." Mama, that sounds good. What do I do? Just flop your wings, honey. Just flop your wings. He said he he tried to give it a big jump. He didn't get too far at first. That might be you. Say, "I've tried this, Brother Jason. And I didn't seem to get much higher than the post. That's about how high that eagle got. But he kept jumping. She said, "Just keep flopping." And finally, he made a leap and he caught a current and he flopped harder and up he went. Up he went. Up he went. You know the beauty of that? He never needed to go back there and peck around in manure again and live among the chickens. He was free. He now knew his new nature, his original nature, and none of the problems of life mattered anymore. &gt;&gt; He just gave them all to Jesus. I haven't suffered like he did. So, let me just give my little suffering over to him because now I'm free. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. Friends, that's why we've been trying to tell you it isn't acquiring something foreign. Not to you, not to the believer. when you're born again of the spirit of God. That's why so many people don't understand it and never get it because it's just a foreign thing to them. But but but you haven't acquired when you acquire the Holy Ghost, you haven't acquired something foreign, but you have recognized something innate, intrinsic. Something is born down inside of you. It's a it's an inborn thing. And you know I it's hearing a call that that resonates to your deeper identity. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; I know we got identity as humans and South Carolinians or this one or that one the other one. We got all kinds of identity. You wives take the name of the husband. We got all kinds of different identity. But I'm hearing a call that goes beyond all of that. It resonates with a deeper identity. You know it's there. You know it's there. That's how you recognize the word of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. As I said to you some weeks ago, I if it's not in your heart, why didn't you stay where you were? Why didn't you stay a child of darkness? Why'd you repent? Why'd you come to the light? Why'd you come to Christ? See, the dissatisfaction I just want to make these closing comments. That okay? &gt;&gt; The dissatisfaction that many feel with their worldly existence. Do you remember brother Brandham said we live in an age we seemingly are unfitted for. &gt;&gt; And I just want to say to you today that you are probably a fish out of water on many levels. You've probably seen other people you grew up with, went to school with, whatever. They have probably went circles around you and maybe multi-millionaires and here you are just a believer struggling along. People you grew up with took advantage. You see, the the Bible says that that you know that that the devil is wiser than Daniel and that wisdom goes along with Cain's children. &gt;&gt; God's people have always been simple. God has intelligent believers and he has wealthy believers. God knows how to do it. I'm just glad I'm glad he knows how to do it. &gt;&gt; When brother Brandham, you know, asked him, you know, he looked at or Roberts and Tommy Osborne and all those big universities and brother Brandham said, I'd be ashamed to have him come to my office. Think about that. Elijah, the greatest ministry since the days of Christ. And he said, "It'd be one little typewriter in the end of an old trailer typing, trying to get letters out and or Roberts with machines that never touch the letter and four million of them." And he he finally comes out feeling sorry for himself and he says, "Lord, what about me?" &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; The Lord just said, "Look up. &gt;&gt; Look up." I say to you today, friends, just look up. Your future is so bright. &gt;&gt; He said, I am your portion. And brother Brandham said, that's good enough for me, Lord. Oh, and sometimes you may feel dissatisfaction with your worldly existence. I want to want you to know it's not it's not a failure to adapt, but it's an evidence of another life living inside of your life. Amen. &gt;&gt; The world order is an environment. And I just borrowed Brother Bradam's statement and I just said the plain brass tax of it is is that the world order is an environment incompatible with my design. And I'm glad it's passing away. &gt;&gt; I'm not chasing it. The feeling of not fitting in with the world. &gt;&gt; Amen. It isn't because there's something wrong with you. &gt;&gt; It's actually because you were made for something higher. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; There's nothing wrong with you. You were made for something higher. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. It's not because you're failing. It's because God made you for something better and your true nature knows it. Oh l take it over son. [Music] &gt;&gt; How I long to worship you. &gt;&gt; Oh, oh, let's lift it up to him. How we long to worship you. [Music] &gt;&gt; Here we are. &gt;&gt; Here we are &gt;&gt; in Satan's Edom. &gt;&gt; It's a dark hour, friends. &gt;&gt; Satan comes to bring us down. &gt;&gt; You identify with that. But with your spirit, &gt;&gt; your spirit before us. &gt;&gt; Do you recognize his presence &gt;&gt; and righteousness &gt;&gt; and righteousness &gt;&gt; going to rise and sing? &gt;&gt; Oh, [Music] hallelujah. &gt;&gt; How we long to worship you. Oh yes God. &gt;&gt; Oh [Music] how we long to worship. &gt;&gt; Give us another verse brother. &gt;&gt; Lord we come &gt;&gt; Lord we come to you in worship. &gt;&gt; Now look at that line. No matter &gt;&gt; no matter what. &gt;&gt; No matter what the circumstance &gt;&gt; what the circumstance. &gt;&gt; No matter &gt;&gt; no matter what. &gt;&gt; How many got situations? &gt;&gt; Say, "Man, Lord, I got a situation." No matter. &gt;&gt; Lord, we lift. &gt;&gt; I lift up holy hands. &gt;&gt; I know he's got this. &gt;&gt; Who does? &gt;&gt; Oh, and hallelujah. Oh. &gt;&gt; Oh, that's so beautiful. &gt;&gt; How we long it worship you. &gt;&gt; Oh, lift it up. Lift it up. &gt;&gt; Oh, with all your heart. Sing it. &gt;&gt; Elohim. [Applause] How we long. We got another verse to worship you. Come on. Let's sing that again. Here we are in Satan's Eden. Satan comes to beat us down. God with your spirit here before us and righteousness going to rise and sing. Holy and hallelujah. Glory to God. How we long to worship you. Oh, [Applause] how we long to worship you. &gt;&gt; You love him today. &gt;&gt; Amen. Give us another song, brother Matt. Hallelujah. Before we go, let's worship him, friends. I wasn't made to be tending a grave. I was called by name. &gt;&gt; Oh yes. &gt;&gt; Born and raised back to life again. I was made for more. &gt;&gt; Oh God. Hallelujah. So why would I make abandoned my shame when a fountain of grace is coming my way? I know I was yours. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; I was made for more. [Music] &gt;&gt; I wasn't made to be tending a grave. I was called by name. Born and raised back to life again. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. I was made for more. What words? &gt;&gt; What words? Why? How true? &gt;&gt; So why would I make Why would I gra mys? [Music] &gt;&gt; I am yours, Lord. I was waiting for. Give me the verse. Know who I am. Cuz I know who you are. I love that. The cross of salvation was only the only stor. Now I am chosen. &gt;&gt; Free and forgiven. &gt;&gt; I have a future. &gt;&gt; I have a future this word. God bless you. Thank you. God bless you. I was made in a grave. I was called by name, born and erased back to life again. I was save for more. [Music] So why would I make a my fountain of grace running my way? I know I am yours and I was made for all. [Music] Hallelujah. [Applause] You called out my name, so I'll sing out your praise. Hallelu. [Music] You buried my past and I'm not going back. Hallelujah. You call out my name so I'll sing out your praise. Hallelujah. [Music] You buried my past and I'm not going back cuz I'm what I made. Take me to grave. I was called by name. Born and raised back to life again. I was save my shame with a fountain of grace running my way. I know I am yours. I was made for more. I know who I am. Cuz I know who you are. The cross of salvation [Music] was only the star. And now I am chosen. [Music] Free and forgive. [Music] I know I have a future and it's worth the living cuz I wasn't made to be tended to grave. I was born by name born and raised back to life again. I was [Music] so I made my sh [Applause] my [Music] [Music] to Tending a grave. I was born by name born and raised back to life again. I was save. [Music] So why would I make a bed in my shame when a thousand of grace is running my way? I know I am yours. I was favorable. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] You called out my name, so I'll sing out your praise. Hallelu. [Music] You buried my past and I'm not going back. Hallelujah. You call out my name and I'll sing out your praise. Hallelujah. Lord, you bury my past and I'm not going back. Cuz I wasn't made to be tending a grave. I was born by name. Born and raised back to life again. I was made for more. Oh, why would I make abandon my shame when a fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours. I was made. I was made to be tending a grave. I was called by name, born and raised back to life again. I was favorable. Oh, and why would I make a bed in my shame when a fountain of praise is running my way? I know I am yours. I was made for more. I stand in all within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom of the ages lie. In whom the raing of the sea subsides, the living sacrifice, [Music] my only source of life, my hope is in the Lord. From this time on [Music] and ever more, oh my hope, it's in you, Lord, [Music] forever more. His tender mercy comes with every rising sun to lead the sinner in his brokenness. [Music] [Applause] To offer healing and forgiveness. [Music] And those who trust in him will find their hearts and rest. My hope is in the Lord. From this time on and never more. [Music] Oh, it's in the Lord forever more. [Music] I stand in all within the presence of you, Lord. In whom the wisdom of the ages lie and in whom the raing of the sea subides. Oh, the living sacrifice, the only source of life. My Lord is in you, Lord. From this time on and never more. Oh my. [Music] in you Lord forever more. His tender mercy comes with every rising sun. To meet the sinner in his brokenness. [Music] [Applause] To offer healing and forgiveness [Music] in those who trust in him.
