################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-02 - 250702-Jason WatkinsFuture Events Becoming Clear in Prophecy Pt.4 - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-02
Title:   250702-Jason Watkins:Future Events Becoming Clear in Prophecy Pt.4
Speaker: Jason Watkins
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DIG81itR5Us
========================================

Description:
Brother Jason Watkins ministers the Wednesday Night  service "Future Events Becoming Clear in Prophecy Pt.4 " On July second, 2025 We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Something good is in store. We're together again. Let's all stand. Just praising the Lord. Oh, we're together again. Just praising the Lord. Oh, we're together again in one accord. Oh, something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again. Praising the Lord. Everybody sing. Oh, we're together again. Just praising the Lord. Oh, we're together again. in one accord. Oh, something good going to happen. Something good is this. We're together again. Just praising the Lord. Sing we're together again. and praising the Lord. We're together again in one accord. Oh, something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again. Let's praise the Lord. One more time. Say we're together again just praising the Lord. We're together again in one accord. Something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again. [Applause] Just praising the Lord. Oh, we're together again. Amen. Just praising the Lord. We're together again. [Applause] Oh, something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We're together again. Just praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Let's pray. Father, I love you this evening, Lord. We come together in the name of Jesus Christ. Father, knowing something good is going to happen. We present ourselves, Father, knowing that we're failed human beings. But looking at what you did, the price that you paid, it's all paid. It's all taken care of. And by faith, we look to you this evening that Lord, you would feed our hearts, draw us closer to you. Help us, Father, to step outside of our comfort zone this evening. Allow your spirit to have preeminence in our hearts. We pray for those that are streaming. We pray for those, Lord, that are sick and afflicted this evening. We lift up the mighty name of Jesus Christ against these things. Pray that you would bless the speaker this evening, Lord. Move him aside. May he speak wonderful words of life to us as we collect the tithes and offerings. May they be cheerful givers this evening. Lord, I pray that you would bless the tithes. We thank you for the bounty that you give us. comfort our hearts according to the burdens that we have for loved ones Lord for those that are struggling. We lift them up before you father. I just want to thank you Lord for the victory and all things not in myself but I look to you Lord. You my all sufficiency in this life and looking forward to the one coming. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. I'm happy to be here this this evening. Amen. To praise the Lord with you. Amen. Let's give the Lord a hand this evening. Amen. [Music] Take up your cross and follow Jesus. [Music] Well, I'll take up your cross [Music] every day. Oh, don't be ashamed to say that you know him. Well, count the cross. Take up your cross and follow him. See, take up your cross. Go and follow Jesus. Yes. Take up your cross every day. Oh, don't be ashamed. Say that you know him. Well, count the cost. Take up your cross and follow him. Say, "Take up your cross and follow Jesus." Yes. Take up your cross. Oh, every day. Well, don't be ashamed to say that you know him. will carry you. Take up your cross and follow him. Oh, take up your cross and follow Jesus. Yeah. Take up your cross. Oh, every day. Well, don't be ashamed. to say that you know him will count the cost. Take up your cross and follow him one more time. Say take up your cross and follow Jesus. I'll take off your cross every day. Don't be ashamed to say that you know him will count the cost. Take up the cross and follow him. Let's put our hands together. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] When we come, take up the cross and follow him. One more time. Take on your cross and follow Jesus. Will take on your cross every day. Oh, don't be ashamed to say that you know him. Church down your cross, take up your cross and follow him. Amen. Let's give the Lord another hand of praise. Amen. I've been changed. I've been reborn. Now all my life has been rearranged. [Music] Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Praise God. I've been changed. Oh, I've been changed. I've been reborn now. All my life has been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord pass his way all my life. Praise God. I've been chasing. Oh, I've been chasing. I've been reborn. Now all my life have been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life, praise God, I've been changed. Well, I've been to the water and I've been baptized. I've been washed in the blood of the lamb. I've been changed from the creature that I once was and redeemed is now my name. Put your hands together. Lord, I've been changed. I've been reborn now. All my life have been reigned. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord pass his way. all my life. Praise God. I've been changed. Say I've been changed. I've been reborn. Now all my life I've been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Oh yes, I've been changed. Though my sins were as scarlet, they're white as snow. I was found. Today I'm free. Well, I was lost in darkness, but now I'm found. I was blind, but now I see. Oh, I've been changed. I've been changed. I've been reborn now. All my life have been rearranged. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Praise God. I've been changed. Won't you turn and reach your brother and sister? Say, "God bless you." I've been reborn now. All my life I've been reared. What difference it makes when the Lord has his way. All my life. Praise God. I've been changed. Oh, I've been changed. I've been reborn. Now all my life I've been reigned. Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord has his way. all my life. Praise God. I've been changed one more time. When I've been changed, I've been born for now. All my life I've been real. Oh, what a difference it makes. When the Lord has his way. All my life. Praise God. I've been shamed. Amen. You may be seated. How many happy in the Lord this evening? Amen. Amen. Sister Sarah, can you come and give us a song? Amen. Let's give her a hand. Amen. Let's give Sister Sarah. [Music] A long, long time ago, I did not know about Jesus and his love. You see, I heard about it, but I never felt it. This mana that comes from above. When this life was sin, I could no longer stand. I asked my mother, "How do I get to know this man?" She said, "Can't you see? You must see. You have to be born again." Well, you must have that fire and Holy Ghost, that prayer will turn and keeps the fire burning. That kind of experience you know you can feel. It'll make you move, make you shout, make you cry, cuz it's real. Keep your hands in the master's hand till your soul is anchored in Jesus name. Filled within free from sin. You must have been born again. [Music] So many troules and dangers that my Lord has brought me through. Well, Jesus opened the blinded eyes and he made the lame to walk. There's nothing too hard for him to do. So now's the time you must seek him. He'll heal your soul in Jesus name. Well, he'll make you whole, fill your soul. Then you'll know you're born again. Well, you must have that fire and Holy Ghost that prayer will turn it. Keep the fire burning. That kind of experience. You know you can feel it. It'll make you move, make you shout, make you cry. Cuz it's real. Oh, keep your hands in the master's hand. Till your soul's been anchored. Jesus name. Filled within. Free from sin. You have to be born again. Well, you must have that fire and Holy Ghost. That prayer will turn and it'll keep that fire burning. That kind of experience you know you can feel. It'll make you move, make you shout, make you cry, cuz it's real. Oh, keep your hands in the master's hand till your soul is anchored in Jesus name. Filled within. Free from sin. You must to be born. Filled within. Free from sin. You've got to be born again. Filled within. Free from sin. You've got to be born again. [Music] Amen. Amen. Won't you stand with me? Amen. Amen. Give me the key of G. Amen. Let's sing a little bit. Above all power. Amen. Above all power. Above all kings, [Music] above all nature, all creatings, above all wisdom, in all the ways of man. You were here before the world began. Above all kingoms, above all thrones, above all wonders, the world is ever known. Above all wealth and treasures of the earth, there's no way to measure what your worth. Crucified, lay behind a stone. You live to die. Rejected alone like a rose trampled on the ground. You took the fall [Music] and thought of me above all things crucified. Crucified. Lay behind a stone. You live to die. Rejected and alone like a rose trampled on the ground. you to the fall and thought of me above all. Let's give the Lord a wave offering. Say lay behind the door. You live to die. Rejected Lord like the rose trampled on the ground. You took the fall and thought of me above all. Take lay behind his door. Lord, you live to die. Rejected and alone like the rose, trampled on the ground. Let's give the Lord some praise this morning. Oh, and follow me. [Music] Oh, above all, lay behind the stone. You live tonight. rejected love life girls trampled on the ground. You took the fall and thought of me above all. One more time. Say bye. Lay behind the door. You live to die. Rejected and alone. Life arose, trampled on the ground. Let's just raise our hands and close our eyes for a few moments and just praise the Lord. Oh, above all, lay behind the stone. Lord, you live to die. rejected like a road. The ground will fall. Say me above all. Take the lay behind all rejected rose on ground. You took the fall and thought of me and thought of me above all. Amen. Thought of me, thought of you above all. Amen. And brother Brandham talks about how that if you had a charger with the blood of Christ, the literal blood of Christ that you'd be more valuable than that because he paid that and ransom to get you. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. We're going to invite you back with us to Daniel chapter 12. We're going to continue from Sunday. Amen. Wanted to just um keep making my tracks through here. I think this will be the uh fourth installment of our future section, future events becoming clear in prophecy. I've really enjoyed it. I hope you have too. It's been wonderful to as a study and to look at the things that are happening and my goodness, the world is moving at such a incredibly fast pace. Wow. So, uh, we're not, um, probably get into some more of that Sunday, some new updated things, but, uh, I want to just really solidify in our hearts where we were finishing up on Sunday where we hit a pause button. So, we're going to look back at our original text and then we've got a number of requests we'll get to here. If you've got a prayer request, make sure you get it to me. I've got a number of them already and uh, we'll be looking for more near the end. Amen. Daniel chapter 12 verse one. And at that time Michael shall stand up the great prince which standeth for the children of thy people. And there shall be a time of trouble such as never was since there was a nation even to that same time. And at that time thy people shall be delivered everyone that shall be found written in the book. And many of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake, some to everlasting life, and some to shame and everlasting contempt. And they that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament, and they that turn away many to righteousness as the stars forever and ever. But thou, oh Daniel, shut up the words and seal the book, even to the time of the end. Many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall be increased. Let's keep reading. Then I, Daniel, looked, and behold, there stood other two, the one on this side of the bank of the river, and the other on that side of the bank of the river. And one said to the man clothed in linen, which was upon the waters of the river. Brother Ram said, this one standing on the water was the Holy Ghost. How long shall it be to the end of these wonders? And I heard the man clothed in linen, which was upon the waters of the rivers, when he held up his right hand and his left hand unto heaven, and swear by him that liveth forever, that it shall be for a time, times, and a half. And when he shall have accomplished to scatter the power of the holy people, all these things shall be finished. Amen. Let's pray. Master, we thank you for your word this evening. And it's a ominous text that we read, but yet Lord, there's glorious hope uh for your family as we read these words, Lord, because it lets us know that the change of administration must come. The millennium must come. The world must move to a a whole new civilization, Lord. And so, we know that that day is upon us. We are that last generation, Lord. We have arrived. We are at the end of the end time, Lord. And so this is the generation upon whom the ends of the world have come. Lord, we commit ourselves aresh to you tonight and ask you to feed us your word as we need it so bad. We commit it to you in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. Friends, you can be seated. I have my title slide. Sister Sarah. Amen. Praise the Lord. And I'll power this up and control it from up here. Amen. We were I've got a couple of quotes that I want to read several here that are brief and I read them to you on Sunday. And so I'm going to put just those up and then I've got some that I'll refer to, but we're not going to have them on the slides. Amen. Do you have that? Yeah. Okay. So, it should have been in the booth email or in the one uh one drive lobby. Amen. If you don't get it, I'll just I'll read it again, Sarah. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Got a got always different crew members back there. Amen. Praise God. Brother Brandham, we were one of the things that we were finishing with on Sunday as we drew to the end of Sunday's sermon is that brother Brandham said, "If you have eternal life, you have uh you always was. If you have eternal life, you always was." And so we were commenting on there and showing you how that brother Brandham developed that thought uh leading in the last number of of years of his ministry, especially particularly the last couple of years. And we're picking up a quote here. It's all right, guys. I'm just going to carry on if you catch up to me. Uh you can just catch up to me with the first one. We we read this to you Sunday from 1964. Sir, we would see Jesus. And then remember, if you ever was in God's thinking, you'll always be there. If you've got eternal life, you are the expression or the attribute of his thought for this age. Now, that's an amazing statement, for this age. All right? There is only one eternal life. So, you know, I I I want to emphasize tonight. I think I may have it down in my notes somewhere. There you go, sister. Amen. Let me turn on right here so I can control it. Amen. Thank you. Uh, let me make sure I'm working here. Oh. Oh, let's We're going to start right there. Remember, let me start again. If you ever was in God's thinking, you'll always be there. If you've got eternal life, you are the expression or the attribute of his thought for the age. Amen. Amen. Amen. for this age. So, could I could I just say to you tonight, just to kind of prod you, you're here on purpose. I want you to absorb that for a minute. You're definitely not an accident. And nothing that's ever happened to you was an accident. You're here on purpose. All right. Now, I may say that again, but I want to just drop that in as you read those words. There is only one eternal life. Um that ex it always existed. I guess that screen is not working, brother Brad. So, okay. All right. So, I'll just trust that this one's up here. And if it's not, somebody wave at me. Amen. Looking back. Looking back, it keeps distracting me. There's only one eternal life, and it always existed. And you in his mind existed before there was a world. Now, the reason that I read these for you Sunday and I'm read I'm actually showing them to you tonight is because things that we're preaching on are out there. Amen. And I mean, it would take a prophet to be able to make these kinds of statements. Uh I promise you, you're you're hearing things that you are guaranteed to not hear in the average Sunday morning pull pit. Amen. So, you you you you must be a special people. There's only one eternal life and it always existed and you in his mind existed before there was a world. That's the reason he said he chose you before the foundation of the world. It isn't what we think what somebody else thinks. It's what God eternal you always was. See in his thinking from proving his word eternal life you always was. See you have eternal life. There's only one form of it. That's God. You were his attribute. He thought of you and knowed you before the foundation of the world in his mind. Amen. Now when you remember that when we read something about in his mind, don't think of it as just figment of thought like your mind. Your your thoughts are just figment of thought. They have no expression at all until it you actually bring it to a manifestation in God's thoughts. That is a actually a form of reality that already exists. All right? And that's an important point. All right? So, and and again, uh our our so our earthly existence um as I said to you Sunday as we were going off the air, our earthly existence therefore is not the beginning of our story. Say, "Oh, I was born on a certain day and so began my story." Not so. You are actually just a chapter in an in an eternal unfolding book of life. Amen. That represents all of God's family and all of God's plan and all of his redemption. And therefore, your life here is a chapter to be lived out and fulfilled. It's not that you chose it, it's that he chose it. Amen. All right. So, we've got to get this established in your mind because I've got some statements I want to make based on what he is saying. some things that for me I'm looking at it going, "Well, then if if he said this and this and this, if that's true, then this is true." And we're not just making things up. This isn't just esoteric preaching. This isn't just Eastern mysticism. This is real. This came from a a vindicated prophet. Watch. Yes. So he So So all right. He thought of you and knowed you before the foundation of the world in his mind. Then from God who is rich in mercy. Now if you've got eternal life, if we have eternal life, then we always were because there is only one form of eternal life. We always were. And the reason we were because we are a part of God. And God is the only thing that's eternal. Amen. All right. Now, I'm I'm going to put that many up and I got a few more that I'll make a reference to. So, we always were and the reason we were because we are part of God and God is the only thing that's eternal. So then, so then conversion, we could all sit here today and go back and say, you know, uh uh I remember the day that I made my firm dedication to the Lord and something changed in my life. And some people can testify of some great supernatural outpouring. Some people just say, you know, it it didn't accompany a lot of thunder and lightning, but I came to a determination in my heart, and all I can say is I've never been the same person. Hallelujah. So we don't look to any certain sensation. You're looking to faith in God's word where you know that your nature is now changed and you are no longer at all comfortable in the world. So conversion let take I want you to think about that for a moment. Brother Brandham saying what he is saying and teaching what he is teaching. Then it is apparent to me that conversion becomes, and I said this to you Sunday, less about becoming something new and more about returning to what we always were. Amen. Wow. Amen to that. So when brother Brandham makes this statement that we always were and the reason we were is because we are a part of God then then that literally then that literally I mean you have to realize this is collapsing the distinction between you know just God's fornowledge and our existence as if as if God had a fornowledge and then we are here existing in the earth. It's all part of the same thing. Our existence here is all part of God's fornowledge. So, brother Brandham is doing away with that the idea that you became a son or daughter of God. So, eternal life then is not something that we acquire at our conversion. It's something we return to. It's something we recognize as our original state. Amen. Now, that's what Paul was showing us when he freely admits that at one time we all had our conversation in the lust of the flesh. And we were by very nature the children of wrath even as everybody else. It was God who was rich in mercy. See, and so when Paul talks about we all, you know, were uh had that conversation and were by nature, then we're realizing that that that fallen nature, that fallen nature of your spirit when you're born, that's not your original nature. Amen. And so conversion destroys that sin birth nature and you come back to a new nature but it's it's new in the sense that you've never had it but it you've all but you've always been in possession of it. Wow. Say it backwards. So then we are not accidental beings but we are intentional expressions. Amen. Now, sometimes, you know, that makes us uncomfortable because we're we're aware of our our our fallacies and our our failures and we're we're aware of hurts and things that happen to us in life. I'm just here. All I can tell I can't there's there's some wise that that you have a why that I can't give you an answer to. There's some questions that the answer lays on the other side. Hallelujah. But, uh, so I can't I can't explain everything that's happened to you. I can't explain everything that's happened to me in my life. Uh but I do know this that I'm here on purpose. That I'm an intentional expression of God because I'm part of his eternal attributes. Amen. Say, did he make me fail? I'm part of his eternal attributes. Amen. Wow. Well, then then whose fault? I'm part of his eternal attributes. Did sometimes you just go, "Shut up, devil. I'm part of his eternal attributes. Amen. So, we've been placed here. As I said to you already, and I want to say it again, we've been placed here, not just here, but here in this age, the worst one, right? Amen. the most vile, the most deceptive, the most sleazy, the most gross, the darkest. You're living in an unprecedented era of darkness. The world has never, not even in the days of Noah had this much uh that to have to deal with. We have to deal with the days of Noah and the days of Lot simultaneously. And Satan is now the god of the evil age. That's right. This is now Satan's Eden. Wasn't that in Noah's day? Not at all. Because God because God was going to give him 6,000 years like God took 6,000 years to create his Eden. He was going to give Satan 6,000 years. And Satan made a pledge and a promise that he would ascend. He would be worshiped like the most high God. He pulled it off. He accomplished it. See, but and and I've said to you so many times, it it it it surely must burn the devil so bad that he's got all society, all entertainments, all government, all laws, all all churches, all families, all pullpits. But what he cannot get is that little sliver of a bride, that elect lady that's just moving through the earth. And the wor the darker it gets, the closer she gets to the Lord. And the more he presses her, the more she loves God. And the greater her trials, the greater her faith. Hallelujah. That's inexplicable. Satan cannot figure you out. And I'm glad. Amen. Cuz I got him figured out. I'm ahead of him. We were conceived before time began. Just just own that. I I was not I was my my conception was not my earthly birth. Amen. I was conceived before time began, but I was brought into this temporal condition. Amen. And it's temporal. It's just temporary. Thanks be to God. I don't I would not want eternal life in this broken down body, in this broken down world. That's right. I want it. I want a new body. I want a new world. I want a new king. I want a new atmosphere. Amen. So, so then so then we're we're brought into this temporal existence to fulfill a purpose. Amen. Now, that's what we read in the quote. It this is all about God having a purpose. So, so then my life is not here just to make my way through life and get to heaven. My life is a temporal existence. It I it was conceived before time and it's a temporal existence and I'm here to to accomplish a purpose. So this then this takes our understanding to the next level of who we are in Christ. Amen. And the purpose that we're here for. uh the thing that we're here to achieve. And I would even say even the true meaning of salvation itself. The world thinks they understand what it means to be saved. They they don't understand that it's it's not just salvation from destruction. It's redemption. That we're I'm not just saved from destruction and then I get granted eternal life at the judgment bar. We were somewhere before we were here. And we're a part of something eternal. That we came from that great fountain that was eternal. I would say that that's probably the last thing in the world the devil would want you to know and certainly would not want you to believe. Amen. But if I come from God, I go back to God. Amen. Hallelujah. Praise God. When we think of redemption, we realize that redemption, and I've thought a lot about how to say this. So, and and even as I'm looking at my own notes, I I'm still struggling and thinking of better ways to say it. But redemption becomes then for you and I, not what we learned in Sunday school at a Lutheran church or Baptist church or Catholic school or anything like that. Redemption uh becomes a recognition of something that's in play. It's already in play. It it's it's it's the same recognition that Jesus had about himself. Yeah. See that? That that that that he being the word, he was the word before he was flesh. And that's what gave him will conquering power. I'm here to tell you something, friends. You can have that same will conquering power when you begin to realize and you begin to recognize that you were somewhere before you were flesh. It's the thing we bypassed for the elect. Then the day of our conversion marks the beginning not of my existence but of a journey. Amen. Amen. Amen. It marks the beginning of a journey. Are you hanging on? Oh yeah. My life marks a journey to return to my original state. So our identity then as the elect of God, our identity becomes a matter of recognition rather than something you acquire. Rather than something you go get say, I went to a church and I got saved. Oh, you acquired salvation. Yes, I acquired salvation. I did not acquire salvation. I recognized who I was in Christ and I had always been him. Friends, that blows fuses. This took a prophet. Do you realize what you're hearing tonight? Do you realize why you are so secure in your faith in the word of God that incidentally you didn't even conjure up yourself. Not only I love how brother Richie Douglas says it. Not only did he give us the word to take us in a rapture, he gave us the faith to believe it. Think of that, friends. He gave you the word you need and the faith to believe it. Amen. Amen. So therefore then my purpose if if if if if if my identity is a matter of recognition rather than that I go and acquire something uh that I'm recognizing who I have always been in God's mind then I have to conclude the next obvious conclusion must be that my purpose is just a temporary expression of an eternal attribute. That's why I'm here. That's why I'm a Christian. That's why the Holy Ghost came. That's what the Holy Ghost is given for. So that my temporal existence manifest an eternal expression. So it never has been about trying to keep rules and regulations and check boxes. I'm here to say, Lord, it's written of me in the word. I've come to do thy will, oh God. Yes. Amen. Amen. Whatever his plan for me is, my purpose becomes, my temporary life, my temporal existence is here to be an expression. I could not say that to you had I not read it from a prophet. That's right. I would have no authority to give you that kind of hope. I would like to give you that kind of hope, but I could not have any authority to say it except a prophet comes and takes the scriptures that they've studied for 2,000 years and puts it all together and dovetales it and makes it one continuous love story given to us by God. When I realized that I didn't start on any certain day, I was always a part of Christ. And I take that into my temporary existence, whatever his plan for me is. So, it's not about I mean, it's not it's not about him telling me, you know, I'm going to be a doctor. I'm going to be a lawyer, you're going to be a farmer. Uh but but it's it's that wherever your pursuits take you, you're here to express something beyond this world. Whatever in whatever fashion, whatever he's uh gifted you with, you you gain a career, you gain an education, go ahead. My goodness, be all you can be. But just understand that one principle that you're here in whatever he's called you to do, you're here to express something beyond being a doctor or a lawyer or a farmer or whatever. You're here to express an eternal quality. That's why you're an oddball. That's right. Amen. You wouldn't be an oddball being a doctor or lawyer or farmer. But you're an oddball even if you are a doctor, lawyer, or farmer, whatever you are. You're an oddball because you're not expressing something temporal. You're already privy to a a great knowledge that you didn't start here and you're not finishing here. Amen. So, you know, brother Brandham used the example of the royal prince who had who got captured and was sailed to the Americas and forced into slavery and but but brother Brandham says but he knew he knew he was a prince. He knew he was royalty and he knew that because he knew who his father was. He didn't there was nothing different. He didn't have an extra armor, extra fingers or extra intelligence. Uh he wasn't above his fellows in that way. But he knew the origin of his g of his genealogy and that he knew across the sea. It didn't matter that he couldn't see him. He knew he was the son of a king. And therefore, knowing he would never see him until death set him free, he lived his temporal life like he was a son of a king. Amen. And they noticed it in his lifestyle. Amen. So I will return to where I came from. Will you? I will return oh my to all that I was uh before this temporal life. Amen. Amen. So then I say Lord let my life let me live. And I I I mean this when I say it to the Lord I mean it at such a deep level. Lord, let my life be an example of my true identity. Let let the expression and in whatever career uh you achieve, whatever relationship you take part in, however your life goes, make sure that you're living as the son of royalty or the daughter of royalty. And you know that just as soon as death sets you free or the rapture comes, you're going back to something, friends, that's almost beyond description. Brother Brandham tried to describe it. He says here, he says in thinking man's filter, when you're born of the spirit of God, then you are a son of God and you always was a son of God and you always will be a son of God. No way to separate it. So you say, "Well, what about your ups and downs?" I've always been a son of God. I always will be a son of God. There's no way to separate it. But what about your failures? I've always been a son of God. I will always be a son of God. And there's no way to separate it. You need to say that in your sleep. You need to wake up tomorrow and say, "I'm a child of God, and I can never separate it, and no one can ever separate me." Glory to God. Hallelujah. God's power to transform. September 65. That life that's in you always was. See, I'm I keep coming back to these quotes because we're making statements that are astonishing. Amen. That life that's in you always was. And you were in the loins of God before there even was a world. That's thus sayaeth the Lord. That's thus sayeth the Lord. You were in the loins of God before there was even a world. So how is anything that happens to you in this world going to upend what you were before there was a world? See, so when the Holy Ghost finds you, he changes you. And you know, it's it's Mrs. Jesus that that uh that recognizes who she is in him and and that and and that he's not only he's not only turning you into something a as much as he's turning you back to something and that to me now I don't know about you but to me that is such a relief that because then I'm not it's not that I'm in a life or death struggle to achieve something. I'm not trying to go get something or achieve something. I'm trying to get restored back to something. See, so he's turning me back. Thi this changes everything. I would say that this changes when I as I begin to study this. And I'm just going to say it like I like I felt it. For me, this changes everything that that I thought or we would have thought. And I I'm not saying that just just now at the study of this message, studying it for years, I've realized, but I never would have realized. You'd be right out there with out in the world with everybody else and you'd have a concept of what life and death was. But now, as a member of the bride, this changes everything that we thought about life and death. Amen. See, it it it it it's everything that we thought we knew because the implications are are so profound. Is that death is that death? Now, here comes another heavy statement. Is that death for the believer, Oh, yeah. isn't entrance, you know, into some incomplete spiritual state. Come on. Amen. Where you're just a cloud floating. You just go back to some energy. Come on. I I don't know some energy up there and I just go back to some energy. I came from an energy. I go back to an energy. But we're finding that that death for the believer isn't an end is not an entrance into some incomplete spiritual state or some unknown uh form, but it's actually a reunion with my theophony. Yes, sir. Amen. You have a theophony? Yep. And so I'm reunited. And when that's why brother Brandon would say you go to your theophony if you die but if you're alive and remain your theophony comes to you and and when that unit 19 comes then you're glorified. You're changed in a moment in the twinkling of an eye. We're not talking about Harry Potter. We're talking about heavenly power. Amen. Hollywood's uh cheap knockoff of what God has been doing for centuries. So it's a it's a the theophony then is a perfect spiritual body that brother Brandham taught us that we bypassed in our journey to earth. Amen. Now, I'm just going to have to say um even after all these years of study, I cannot say to you tonight that there's a form of me walking around under the altar in the sixth dimension just waiting. I don't know if that's true. I kind of think it might be, but I don't know because because brother Brandham says it ambiguously and says it in one way and it looks like maybe. And the Bible says if our if the earthly house of this tabernacle be dissolved, we have one already waiting. And the Bible says, you know, concerning children, they always do behold the face of their father. So, but but but now you say, well, then that seals the deal. No, it doesn't. because I already know that God's thoughts are real. Right? You understand? So, you can't say that definitively. And a prophet didn't say it definitively. So, I have no authority to say it. At least I've never found him saying it definitively. But he he does he does say to a living audience on tape. He says, "I see you all over there." Okay. So, I just want to make it clear tonight because when I when I say that that it that it's a per a perfect spiritual body that we bypassed in our journey to earth, then you know friends, let me just say it to you like this because now when I think of life and death, I I think of it as different. The more I study this, I realize that that when we die, we simply leave the land of the dying and enter into the land of the living. [Music] So the loved ones we've lost, we haven't lost and they didn't go anywhere. They they left the land of the dying and they stepped into the land of the living. Oh, that comforts my heart. That comforts my heart. Amen. Brother Brandham says in Who is this Melzdc? I This is heavy for a Wednesday night. I apologize, but I just it's I can't think of anything else right now. It's just consuming me. And who is this Melzdc? But when this life is finished here, if this earthly tabern quotes the scripture, if this earthly tabernacle be dissolved, we have one already waiting. That's where we go. That is the word. Then we can look back and see what we done. Now we don't understand it. I'm so glad he said that. Now we don't understand it. We have never become the word. We've just become the flesh man, not the word. Amen. So I but I think I can say it like this that death does is not a a diminishing. It's a completing. It's not a diminishing. Brother Eddie didn't diminish. He ran his race and he finished his course. Sister Seal didn't didn't diminish. She she didn't suffer a diminishment. Brother Mark, she she accomplished. She completed something. Hallelujah. Oh, on and on and on. I could go. I I get naming him. I'd start crying. So, death then is a reunion. Can you Can you take this without passing out? Then death is a reunion with an aspect of our spiritual identity that we've never experienced yet. That's right. Amen. Amen. But I have heard from it. I have heard from it. Praise God. Oh, we're so far out there. I got to keep going. Amen. before passing beyond the curtain of time. Brother Brandham reveals and they put it in the uh little magazine there. Brother Brandham wearied himself with thinking that, you know, he would just be a little cloud maybe floating around in the cosmos and and he and it bothered him because he said, you know, I if he met Brother Neville and then to think, well, there goes brother Neville. He said, but I couldn't I couldn't hug his neck. I couldn't shake his hand cuz his hand is in a grave somewhere. And even his dream uh that he had after losing hope and Sharon Rose. Now I I say it was a dream. Let me give you brother Brandham's exact words and I must have went to sleep. But then he comes right his next breath. I don't know whether I was asleep or what happened. Right. He tells in his life story there in California at Angelus Temple 1959. My favorite version of his life story. He tells of seeing Sharon Rose and and he saw hope and he saw his home and seeing his charity. Remember he said, "I I saw an old wagon and and there was a broken wagon wheel." He said, "That represented my broken family." And he said, "I saw a very beautiful young woman." And as I walked past her, she said, 'Hello, Dad. And he said, I turned around, "Dad, well, young lady, you're I'm you're as old as me." She said, "Dad, you just don't know where you're at." And she said, "I was in the earth. I was your little Sharon." He said, "Well, Sharon, you was just a little baby." She said, "No, we're not babies up here, daddy. Not babies anymore." And he said, "Well, you've made a beautiful young woman." and and you know she and you know the story she goes on mother's waiting for you at your at your home and that stabbed his heart because brother Brandham knew the family history of the Brandoms and Brandoms were fighters drinkers killers and had it not been for the new birth in the Holy Ghost brother Brham would have just been a Brham now I'm not casting shade on the Brham lineage the love of Christ broke that cycle. Amen. And and and I didn't know brother Bill Brandham personally, but I knew Brother Doc Brandham very personally. And I've known Billy and I knew all the grandchild children and I know Brother Joseph and I know all them. And I'm here to tell you that the Holy Ghost broke a cycle. Amen. And so so we realize and we love that family and have for many years. And so he he goes on and he describes those stairs running up. You remember that? And I was going to read it, but I've got so much I want to I want to read in a minute that and he sees her and he says, "There she was." And she st lifted her arms out and he said, "I ran up to meet her and and he said, "Honey, I saw Sharon down there. She made a beautiful young woman and come in, Bill. This is your home." And he thought, you know, Brandhams are vagabons. They don't have homes. and he's all broke up and he's worried and he's distressed and he, you know, he's lost his baby and lost his wife and he's got a little baby boy. He's crying for his mother and he's having a nervous breakdown. And there's a quote that I that I didn't put on here tonight. Uh my sister Lisa found it some years ago and sent it. She sends it out sometimes when when someone loses, you know, per perhaps a spouse of many years and it's always been a comfort to many many people. And brother Brandham in one place where he's telling Hope that and he says,"Well, I Billy cries for you and I'm so lonesome for you." And and she says, "I know, Bill. I've seen it all." Amen. Now, you tell me what that means. I know. I've seen it all. I've seen it. See, Brother Brandon makes statements. Maybe maybe they'll let him look over the banister today. Friends, I'm here to tell you something. This life ain't about this life. Oh, we're just, if you could just get your mind around it tonight, you'll stop worrying about this temporal little existence. You'll just say, "I got one purpose, and that's to be a manifestation of a life that I used to be and that I'm returning back to." Amen. You'll put the devil under your feet doing that. And so, you know, and and then and I don't know how to fully explain this, but when he comes back into the room, she's still sitting on the bed beside him, patting his shoulder. Yeah. Amen. Talking to him, "Bill, you're going to make me that promise." See, Brother Brandham would later explain that the reason Hope was determined to make him promise because she knew he wouldn't promise and break it. Cuz she knew him. She knew if she could get him to promise, he wouldn't promise unless he knew he wouldn't break it. And so she keeps saying, "You going to make me that promise, Bill? You're going to make me that promise? Promise me you won't worry no more." And she's patting him there and he says, "I promise." And she patted me two or three more times and she was gone. And he jumped up and now the the the realms have separated because brother Random said, "You can't see a theophony. A theophony is something you don't you can't see." Meaning in this form, I promise you, they see each other over there. And so, so, but I I said all that to say that somehow that dream or whatever it was, it didn't accomplish taking away that weariness. Brother Brandham still carried that weariness because he wasn't sure was that just a dream. And he carried a weariness that I don't want to just be a disembodied cloud. And so to think that he might be a cloud with nobody to live in. And if well listen, if I crossed over, I wouldn't want to think that that I would see a cloud and it would be my dad and I couldn't run and jump into his arms and put my arms around him and hug him. I wouldn't want to think that either. But it took going beyond the curtain of time. And when that opened and that opened up his his understanding to a whole new reality. Yes. Amen. And he starts telling the story, and I'm not going to retell it. You've heard it many times. I'm not going to read it either tonight. I'm just going to read some of the things that he said at the end of it. But he describes that world. Oh, you mean they're real? Oh, yes. And Brother Brandham said, "I held them. They were real. They weren't little clouds." And I I came across a quote that I had never somehow never caught. I'll read it for you here in a minute. He made a statement. Somehow I missed it all these years. He says in the rejected king, "Oh my precious friends, my beloved, my darlings in the gospel." Now listen to me, young people. My darlings in the gospel, my begotten children unto God. Listen to me. You I wish there was some way I could explain it to you. There's no words. I couldn't find it. It's not found anywhere. that just beyond this last breath is the most glorious thing that you ever and he just trails off. There is no way to explain it. There's no way. I just can't do it. But whatever you do, friend, lay aside everything else. Five years later, he comes in God's only provided place of worship. And as I see all of us the the getting creeping up toward the aged, the end, it'll be a very sad thing if if we didn't have placed within us that great thing, what we know is truth. We're just fixing to turn back one of these days back to our young manhood again. To never our bodies transformed, made into his likeness to stand. For when this earthly, he quotes the scripture, when this earthly tabernacle of our habitation be dissolved. There's one already waiting. One morning about 8 o'clock, let me see that land. Now, it wasn't a vision or I don't know what to say that ever what it was. It was just as real as I'm speaking to you here now. I seen the faces of those people and I couldn't recognize them. They had turned back young again. And they was just as real as I'd hold their hands and things just as real. And it helped me because I used to have an idea when a person died just their soul went off. But when but then when he quoted that to me if this earthly tabernacle of our habitation see so the the person speaking with him is quoting the scripture because brother Brandham what you mean they're real? Sure. Remember if the earthly house of our tabernacle be dissolved and he said he quoted it to me. See we already have one. See it's not a myth. Amen. It's not an idea. It's not a spirit. It's a man and a woman like you are just exactly. Amen. And heaven or this place, wherever it was. I don't I didn't I don't know what to call it. He referred to it there as souls under the altar. And I'd never caught that. So that makes sense to me because Jesus was up higher and souls are under the altar. And we know that there's many categories, many uh locations under the altar, the remember the under the fifth seal, the Jews who had who because of the testimony they held, they were true Israelites and they had died down through the ages and they were under under the altar in the fifth seal. Well, when brother Brandon went to where he went, he didn't see Wesley or Luther or any of those. He saw his people. See, so so he says here, heaven or this place, wherever it was, I don't know what to call it. He referred to it there as souls under the altar. But it but when it was I have never there's no way to explain how great that is. There is now you just have to take my word. Whatever you do, if you miss everything else, health, strength, your eyesight, whatever it is, don't miss that. There's nothing can compare with it. There's no word in the English language that I know that could express it. If you'd say perfect, it's beyond that. Superb, it's beyond that. Sublime, there's no words that I know that could express it because it was so. And then to think that it isn't the end of it yet. I thought me be afraid to come to this. Amen. I'm here to tell you the loved ones we lost went somewhere and they're there now and they're coming back here and we're all going to be together because I didn't start here. I'm not finishing here. I came from the mind of God. They came from the mind of God. Where is it? Death or nothing could ever separate us. Amen. I said do you eat? Said not here. See that that's why you can see the the difference between when Melzdc met Abraham coming back from the slaughter of the kings. You notice he served Abraham communion but he himself didn't partake. He didn't need anything because he's in theophony. But when he comes to Abraham to confirm the promise he's in a human body that he built out of the 16 elements and stepped into it and ate a calf sandwich and drank buttermilk. See? So he says I said do you eat? He said no not here. We don't eat here, but when we go back to earth, we'll receive a body we eat in. Well, I could feel them. They was just like that. See, and they I said, "Well, you Well, you have Oh, yes, they have a body. It's not just a myth. It's a body. We know one another. They all know me. Were hugging me. Millions of them." Think of it, friends. a word body. If you go there tomorrow, you'll have a word body. And I want to tell you something. You'll get your answer to all the wise. You'll finally get your you'll have your wise and you'll have the answer to your wise. Oh, I'll get all the answers and the all the answers that all the questions and the answers that so eluded me in this life. Think of a body free of weakness and free of sin and free of of and free of every kind of complex. Free of it. It doesn't exist there. Oh my. I'm going to tell you something. That's why that's why our earthly journey is about overcoming our flesh on a daily basis because I'm I'm putting the devil in his proper place. Not my equal. The devil is not my peer. He's under my feet. That's right. You understand? We're going to be kings, but we're already kings over sin, over the world, over flesh, and over the devil. Hallelujah. So, so our our life is about growing in faith. It's about maturing and developing. Quit letting your failures hold you back. Repent, stand up, go forward. because that your whole life is a journey of allowing the virtues that are in Christ to come forward. And and and you you might have some more uh some more grinding down to do. Amen. You might have some more dying out. You might have to spend some more time in prayer. I would say spend it. There's virtues in the Holy Ghost. New birth, friends. Peter talked about them things and he made it so clear. We're adding to this and we're adding to that and adding to this. I can I admit to you tonight, I still got some adding to do. Come on. Come on, Bethl Tabernacle. I still got some adding to do. You still got some adding to do. We're not gone yet. I want to keep adding. I want to keep manifesting. Yes, sir. Amen. Hallelujah. Just like Jesus, he learned obedience. Amen. You know how he learned obed you know what? You know what his greatest thing was? that he gave himself over to the will of the father. Amen. That's a mouthful. That's heavy. He gave himself over. And I actually changed that to he surrendered himself because we say that it's almost become a cliche. He gave himself over to the will of God. He said he let let me say it like this. He gave himself over to the will of the word because he said he quoted the Old Testament prophet. It's written in the scrolls. It's written in the word concerning me. Sacrifices and offerings thou wouldest not, but a body hast thou prepared me. It's written in the word concerning why I'm here. What I'm to do. I know who I am. I know where I came from. I'm here to do thy will, oh God. I'm a human, but I'm going to give over my human will. Amen. To the will of the word. I have come to do thy will, O Lord. So, we are granted this understanding tonight. That our that our life and I want you to really go forth tomorrow and I want you to ponder this right here. I'll take I I I'll probably take off from this again on the weekend. But we are granted this understanding when a prophet comes and he starts preaching all these quotes and he starts telling about all this. We are granted this understanding that that our life is about becoming aligned with our theophony. Amen. Amen. That's what the Christian life is. That's what your journey is all about. So I'm here to tell you something, friends. You don't have to figure it out as you go. Your theophony is a word body. You already know what the word is. And therefore, it's not some some eastern mysticism. Oh, I'm thinking of some phantom and another thing and I'm going to try to imagine myself being him. That's nonsense. That's not what it is. It's a word body. I have the word that I'm feeding on. I'm bringing this fallen body subject to this body. Hallelujah. Friends, it's not Eastern mysticism. It's thus sayaith the Lord. And we have learned that that's what our earthly journey is really about. Something beyond. I I'm ordained to be something beyond what I showed up here tonight as. You're ordained tomorrow to be more than you are right now. Hallelujah. a life we had in Christ before the world was to to walk the journey of this life to live daily in this fallen world as a spiritual expression a perfect spiritual expression of my true identity. Now, I'll be the first to admit, I don't always pull it off perfectly in my flesh. But I will tell you what the devil hates. My faith is flawless. My faith is perfect. Say, "Wait a minute. I thought we were waiting on perfect faith. You're telling me you have perfect faith tonight?" You better believe it. I have perfect faith in this book. Amen. I will bank my soul and the soul of everybody I love on this book. Amen. I have perfect faith in the word of God. I I don't just believe it. I'm not just talking about intellectualism. I'm talking about everything that this calls for a human to be. I want everything, every fiber in me. I detest the weaknesses. I detest the slipping. I detest the failures. I daily want to be more like this and tomorrow more than I was today and the next day more than I was than the day previous. That's how I know that I'm connected to something in another realm and I'm not just figuring life out as I go through here some sad state trying to hope I can make it back to heaven. I can't not make it back. That's right. Amen. Think of it, friends. to be an expression of our true identity, something that already exists in the heavens, as Paul said. What that fully means, as I said to you at the beginning, I don't know. But I do know this, that spiritual maturity means increasingly manifesting in my flesh what we what I already am in a theophony. Amen. To me, that's what spiritual maturity is. It's the baptism of the Holy Ghost. I'm going to close right here, man. I'm getting good at this. It's the baptism of the Holy Ghost working in our bodies. And I've I I spent a lot of time this afternoon trying to get my mind around what I'm about to say. And I I may stick with what's on my line or but I I I I I feel this so deeply when I think about the working of the Holy Ghosties. We need it, don't we? But it's but it's not if I'm I'm just going to go ahead and say it. I think I've got enough quotes to back it up. It's not merely, you know, preparatory for a resurrection. It's it's not about that because the rapture because the rapture is not predicated on your individual readiness. It's it's predicated upon the age that we live in. So that had to be ready. Brother, there's quotes where brother Brandham talks about the readiness of the church. And that's just simply as a group, as a church, when we reach the right age, when we've come to the end of Leodysia, when the seals have been broken, when the invisible union has taken place, that's the readiness of the church. She's ready to leave the earth. When the headstone comes down and connects, that's not depending on your or my individual readiness. The rapture is not predicated upon that. the the the rapture is is not uh the the so the Holy Ghost is not just merely it's to do with it but it's not merely preparing me for resurrection. Uh I would say it's not even chiefly about that. The real true life found in the new birth is in of itself the very first installment of the resurrection. Amen. That's right. You understand? It's literally the first installment. The same power uh that will raise our bodies in perfection is already working. It's already in process of transformation. You say, "Will I be changed at the rapture?" Of course, I'll be changed. I'm already being changed. It's already happening to me. Oh, precious friends, stand to your feet with me tonight and lift up those hands and say, "Lord God, we rejoice in you. We rejoice for your word and what you have revealed to us in this hour. Oh my friends, I I I I can't go any further tonight. I want to I want to connect the dots because it because listen, let me just let me just give you a preview. Th this is this is where brother Brandham was trying to get us to understand in the future home of the heavenly bridegroom and the earthly bride. And he's trying to get you to understand that it's the Holy Ghost is to it's to it's the be it's the redemption of all creation that he redeemed the earth just like he redeemed your body and the whole creation has been groaning waiting for the manifestation of sons of God. Amen. Sons of God. Thank you sir. sons of God who are who rec and daughters of the kingdom who recognize that my life here is not acquiring something or checking a box or getting enough ribbons or getting enough trophies. I it's not even about that. It's I'm not even acquiring something. And I've something came to me and something was born inside of me. And now my whole existence and every every dream I have, every motive I have, every objective that I everything I want to accomplish is now I have a completely different world view. I don't even look at the world like the world does. I don't look at the Bible like the world does. I don't look at this at the new birth like the world does. I don't I don't I have a I have now been been made privy to what Jesus knew. Amen. Not by knowledge, by revelation. I came from God. I go back to God. Jesus knowing St. John 13 that he was come from God. And that he went back to God. He laid aside his garments and took a a basin and began to wash the disciples feet. You understand? So it was his knowledge of where he was from and why and that he would have to return back there. Then then here he is taking another step that's closer to his crucifixion. I mean at any minute he could have just stopped and said no uh ain't doing this cuz if I do that then the next thing then I'll be in the garden and then I'll get arrested and then I'll be on trial and then I'll be beaten and then I'll be crucified. No no I'm just going to stop right here. But because he knew who he was, that he was come from God and went back to God, he laid aside and began to take the next step. Amen. And he took the next one and the next one and the next one and the next one. And he went to Calvary so you would never have to do that. And he went into hell so you would have never have to go. And he ascended up and he ascended on high. And he gave back his life back into the church. Oh, I'm redeemed. Hallelujah, friends. Oh, do you love him? Tonight, friends. Amen. Hey, come on and gather. Otherwise, I'll keep preaching. It's uh 29 minutes after the hour, we're going to take up our prayer request. If you got them, if you're streaming somewhere, you should be in church. But if you're streaming, uh send them to me. Amen. Praise the Lord. I love you. All my sugar plums. Amen. And send me your uh Oh, I might have one here. Uh, yeah, I do. So, just send any other ones that you have. Let me copy this over. Sing it with Brother Tony tonight. Make me, oh, and make make me more like. Oh, let's sing it, friends. Omar [Music] lightly Jesus me more like thee. Oh hallelujah, Lord. And we are a heart that's filled with your love. Oh, and granted, Lord, me more. Granted, Jesus. One more time, let's raise our hands all over now. Let's give him some praise and worship. Make me more like Jesus Christ. Jesus made me more like thee. [Music] and give me a heart that's filled with love and make me more like one more time. One more time. Make me more like thee. Some requests are still coming in. Let me be more like the Jesus [Music] me and give me our hearts [Music] [Applause] with love. Oh, and make me more. [Music] Sister Phyllis writes, "The Lord was with us from beginning to end." Amen. Speaking of her sister, she did incredible and is up and around with a lot of limitations due to the surgery, but it's amazing her state of mind when they were preparing a week or so ago for the surgery. They injected her lymph nodes on the left side and when there's an indication of cancer, the lymph nodes will light up bright blue. And one of the nearest the tumor, one nearest to the tumor did light up bright blue. So they were going to take out that lymph node on the left side along with a few others during surgery as a precaution and to have them tested to make sure there was no cancer present. The doctors said, this is after they did it, after they came out, they they said she didn't have to take out as many as she expected. And when they tested the ones they took out, they came back no cancer. Phyllis, Sister Phyllis says Susy, she's got in parenthesis her testimony, smiled and said it was the prayer cloth. That's right where I put the prayer cloth. She laid it right on that left side left nose. That's where I put the prayer cloth. She definitely wants to keep the prayer cloth and she's thankful for all the prayers for it. It was so much appreciated. Sister Phyllis says, "God is good." Amen. Sister Anelise has a unspoken prayer request tonight. Sister Lauren Gurgle is sick and needs a touch from the Lord. Brother Mark Lowry writes, "Deborah pulled something in her back and needs prayer tonight, please." Brother George Buckman is requesting prayer for sister Andrea who is at home tonight with what is an ongoing stomach issues which have recently gotten worse perhaps the return of the H. pylori. Brother Chris is asking uh prayer for traveling mercies this weekend. Him and Katie are uh going to Yuseite and so on a little trip and uh want the Lord to bless that. Sister Princess streaming writes u I always need prayer and got her her hands raised. Amen. Me too, Sister Princes. I need prayer. Don't you, friends? Oh my. I don't seem to uh have any others. I hope sometimes I get in the back office and see one I missed or it came in too late and I didn't catch it. But join with that one standing near you. Let's take these to the Lord in prayer. Father, we're thanking you for Sus's successful procedure tonight, Lord, and Sister Phyllis giving glory to God and Susie giving glory. Lord, all you you keep all your promises. Lord, we're thanking you. Now, may you completely recover her and let this procedure be with rapid healing. Lord, may she return back to normal, giving God the glory at all times. Lord, it was so wonderful in speaking to her on the phone and just to be able to gather there with my wife and my mother and just to pray for her over the phone and the whole church praying, Lord, she's she has a grateful heart and we have a grateful heart to you tonight, Lord God. We're asking prayer for Sister Anna. We're asking prayer for Sister Lauren. We're asking prayer for Sister Deborah. We're asking prayer for Sister Andrea. Lord, Brother Chris, Sister Katie on their trip. Sister Princess asking for prayer. Father, in the name of Jesus, may you meet their needs tonight. Break the power of the enemy. Lord, may sickness depart. May blessings, may it be replaced with the blessings of God. May your mercy go with these saints of God. Lord, everywhere they go, may you go before them. May you go before us all, Lord God. We are thrilled to think what we heard tonight. Lord, I'm so glad for a message of this hour that can reveal these dynamic truths to us and give us strength and give us courage to press on. Oh God, they give us courage to press on. I ask Lord for your mercy in all of these cases tonight and all those uh different ones Lord who may also have requests and ones that we even prayed for last week. Lord, we're asking for your mercy in Jesus name. Amen. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. Anybody got a testimony before we go tonight? Amen. Let me make sure we got fire in the hole here, Jackson. All right. I think you're on the air, sir. Um about a half a week and a half ago, I was um working and I was washing dishes and I was transferring all the dishes to the dishwasher and uh I was getting all the silverware out and just when I grabbed all the silverware and I put it in in the dishwasher, I looked to see if there was anything else and I saw glass in there and I picked it up and it was already broken. Oh my. And I I looked and there were shards of glass all in that sink and I didn't get a cut on my hand or anything. So I just want to thank the Lord for Praise the Lord. Amen. Hallelujah. Anybody else tonight? Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Anybody else? Amen. We're going to let you go. Uh we're getting good at these Wednesday nights. Y'all can come out without fear. Amen. As long as long as it's Brother Jason preaching. Even brother Matt's getting better at it. You should see how studious he was in Poland. Man, he was like, I was so proud of him. I said, "Wow, that boy is really improving. He keeps practicing. He's going to make quite a preacher." Amen. Praise the Lord. Turn around and shake hands with somebody. Greet them in the name of Jesus. You can be dismissed in Jesus name. Amen. Sing for us, brother. So glad your mercy has followed me. So glad. Oh my.
