################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-30 - 250430-Matthew WatkinsTaking Back Eden - Matthew Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-30
Title:   250430-Matthew Watkins:Taking Back Eden
Speaker: Matthew Watkins
Church:  Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pO9Rjl-ujjA
========================================

Good evening. Happy to be in the house of the Lord. Amen. Let us stand. Amen. How many come to just worship a little bit this evening? Amen. Amen. Let's just raise our hands to the Lord this evening and sing All Hell King Jesus. Oh hell king Jesus. Oh all manuel. [Music] King of kings. Lord of lord. Bright morning star [Music] and throughout eternity I'm going to praise him [Music] and forever more I will reign with him. Let's sing in worship now. Oh hell king Jesus. Oh hell. Heat. Heat. [Applause] eternity. I'm going to forever. I will ree. Oh Jesus. I am Lord. You're the bright morning star eternity. I always Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] I will reign with you. Hallelujah. Let's give the Lord a hand now. Regardless of what this life throws at you, as always, I will reign with him for eternity. Just a reminder. I know uh they sent that out, but lock your vehicles. Make sure you don't have any valuables that you don't want to lose in there. There's evidently been a string of people running around. And while you're in here worshiping, they're seeing if your car is unlocked and taking whatever they can. So, we'll we'll look, but don't count on the deacons keeping somebody out. Lock your car. Okay. Thank you. Let's pray. Father, I love you this evening. I'm just grateful, Lord, that I can come and worship you in spirit and in truth this evening. And Lord, you said where two or three are gathered, there I am. Lord, I pray that you would help us to realize how close you are to us today. Pray that your presence would just have preeminence in this service. Draw us closer to you, Father. Give us victory over every battle that we have. Our praise and worship you this evening, Father. We pray that you would bless the cheerful giver, Lord. As we collect the tithes and offerings, I pray that you would just multiply them for your kingdom. The gift that stands behind this pulpit this evening, Father, to break the bread of life. I pray that you move the man aside and as I sit back in the back, move me aside that I can receive what you have for us this evening. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord, right now. [Music] I need you, Lord. I need you, Lord. Right now I lift my hands and bow my knees and worship at your throne. I need you, Lord. I need you right now. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. Right now [Music] we lift our hands in bow knees and worship your throne. [Music] We need you Lord. We need you right now. Let's give the Lord up some praise. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord, right now. We lift our hands. We lift our hands and bow our knees and worship your We need you, Lord. We need you right now. Say, "We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. We need you right now. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. Right now we lift our hands and worship your we need you Lord. We need you right now. One more time. We need you Lord. We need you, Lord. We need you right now, Lord. We need you. We need you, Lord. We need you, Lord. Right now. We lift our hands our knees and worship your throne. We need you Lord. We need you right now. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. Amen. Give me the key. I think it's G. [Music] Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. Give me that old time religion. It's good enough. Give me that old time. Give me allig. [Music] It's good. We give you [Applause] all religion. It's good enough for me. It's the old time. Holy Spirit. Devil won't go near it. There's a reason people fear it. It's good enough. Give it all. Give it all to me. It will make you stop. It will save you. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. sing good when I want no me everybody. Heat. Heat. It was good enough for me. Give me time. It's good enough for me. Listen now. It was good for brother makes me love everybody. It will do it. I am dying and good enough for me. Everybody give me that. Give me that. Give me your glory. It will take us to heaven. It will take us to heaven. It will take us to heaven. Heat. Heat. good enough for me. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. We're going to get our little sister Hazel to come and give us a song. Amen. Come on, Hazel. Come on up here. Look at that smile. She's going to sing over there. Okay. Come on. Go over here by daddy. Let's give her a hand. Amen. You ready? See mine. Turn around. There you go. Ready. I light up mine. I'm going to let it shine. This light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. This light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Now I'm going to let it shine. Now I'm going to let it shine. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Blow it out. I'm going to let it shine. I'm going to let it shine. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. [Music] [Applause] That was awesome. Amen. I think she deserves another hand. Amen. Amen. Sister Brenda. Amen. I asked her to give me a song. Amen. Actually, I asked her to give me two, but I'm going to wait a couple weeks for the next one. Let's give her a hand. [Music] High upon this mountain, the sun is shining bright. My heart is filled with gladness. appear above the cares of life. But I've just come through the valley of trouble, fear, and pain. It was there I came to know my God enough to stand and say even in the valley. God is good. [Music] Even in the valley, he is faithful and true. He carries his children through like he said he would. Even in the valley, God is good. [Music] This road life has led you to a valley of defeat. You wonder if the father has heard your desperate plea. [Applause] There is hope in that rugged place where tears of sorrow dwell. Can't you hear him gently whispering, "I'm here and all is well. Even in the valley, God is good. Even in the valley, he is faithful and true. He carries his children through like he said he would. And even in the valley, God is good. God is good even in the valley. My God is good even in the valley. He is faithful and true. He carries his children like like he always does. And even in the valley, God is good. Even in the valley, God is good. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Amen. How many's ready for the word? Amen. Let us stand. Amen. Just before we sing this last song, I wanted to say I talked to JD. Well, I text JD a little bit um earlier today. So, just keep him in y'all's prayers. I mean, he's going through a lot over there with that sandstorm. He's filling his lungs up. It's pretty dry and pretty difficult to breathe. Amen. So, let's just remember remember him this evening. Amen. Amen. I was sitting there trying to imagine what he would be going through about just so much dust. I've been, you know, using a saw and carpentry and sometime you, you know, have dust build up and it's hard to breathe. I can't imagine not being able to walk away and get from get away from it. You just constantly in your lungs and that's that's pretty difficult uh to be breathing that dust and sand as it stirs up in that desert. He said on like I guess y'all did read the notes saying the windows were down and different things and it was still coming through and I just that's kind of difficult to even imagine. So just keep him in prayer. Amen. Amen. Let's sing a little bit. Here I am to worship as brother Matt comes. Light of the world, you step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. Beauty that made this heart adore you. Hope of the lights with you. Here I am to here. I am founder. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together. Lovely allto together worthy. Allto together wonderful to me. [Music] King of all days. Oh so high. He exalted. Glorious in heaven when humbly you came to this earth you created all for love's sake we came for here I am to worship let's just raise our hands to the Lord Lord, I found here I am to say you're my God. You're all together. You're all together worthy. All together wonder for to me. I'll never know say I'll never know how much it cost to see my sins upon that cross. I'll never know how much it cost to see my s upon that cross. Here I am to you. Here I am. Here I am to say you're my God. You're all together. You're worthy. Oh, you're together. Wonderful to. Here I am to worship. Here I am to Oh, here I am. Here I am. You're my God. You're all together. You're all together. You're all together one. Here I am. Here I am. Here I am. Here I am. Oh, you're all together. You're wonderful to me. [Music] Amen. Is he worthy tonight? Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you. Amen. We just want to go straight to the word tonight. If you have your Bibles, have you open those up, turn to the book of Ephesians, chapter 4. Amen. God bless you. So good to be here. Amen. In the house of the Lord again. Amen. We just want to look straight into the word in Ephesians chapter 4. We're just going to read up a verse, a portion of scripture here, and then I'll have you be seated. Amen. Praise the Lord. Ephesians chapter 4. I want to preach to you tonight. And I've just changed the title, brother. Uh, Matthew, you could just do that if you want. Just uh the Lord uh just changed gave me just a little bit different of a um way to express what is upon my heart. And so I just want to title this taking back Eden. Amen. Taking back Eden. I want to read here from Ephesians chapter 4 and let's just begin reading here at verse uh 22 that you put off concerning the former conversation the old man. How many believe that as a Christian as a as a believer old things are passed away and all things are become new. How many believe that? And so he says, he relates here, though yet there's still a part of us that he refers to as the old man. Amen. Let's read it again. that you put off concerning the former conversation, the old man, which is corrupt according to the deceitful lusts, and be renewed in the spirit of your mind, and that you put on the new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness. Wherefore putting away lying, speak every man truth with his neighbor. For we are members one of another. Brothers and sisters, let me just say that I believe that if anybody should be able to tell the truth, it should be a Christian. Amen. And how how much that should be something that is an attribute of the baptism of the Holy Ghost that we are truthful people that we are honest people. You know, the world does not you you almost can't. You don't know when people are being honest with you. Don't know when you're being lied to. Amen. But I believe that I just want to say, Lord, let me be an honest person. Amen. Let me be honest in heart and deed in everything that I do. Let's read it again here. Wherefore, putting away lying, speak every man truth with his neighbor, for we are members one of another. Be ye angry and sin not. Let not the sun go down upon your wrath. And I want to draw a context from this verse 27. This is really what's on the center of my heart, neither give place to the devil. Amen. Neither give place to the devil. Let him that stole steal no more, but rather let him labor working with his hands the thing which is good that he may have to give to him that needeth. Let no corrupt communication proceed out of your mouth, but that which is good to the use of edifying, that it may minister grace unto the hearers. and grieve not the Holy Spirit of God, whereby you are sealed unto the day of the next revival? No. Until the day that you mess up, make a mistake, and have to repent. No. Until the day of redemption. Let all bitterness and wrath and anger and clamor and evil speaking be put away from you with all malice. And be you kind one to another, tender-hearted, forgiving one another, that means that we're going to offend each other. If you got to forgive somebody, that means they can offend you. Now, if you got to forgive somebody, that means they could step on your toes. forgiving one another even as God for Christ's sake hath forgiven you Lord we just bow our heads together Lord all in your presence tonight Lord all of us in great need of you Lord for your spirit Lord just to come and do what only you can do your prophet taught us Lord that any man can pick up this Bible and preach from it he could be a hypocrite could be living a double life but even the word preached would be so anointed that it could transform for lives. That's the power of the word of God. So, it's not a vessel, Lord. It's not a preacher that we look to. Thank God for them. But it's only one thing that doesn't fail, and that's the word. We thank you, God. And I pray that we would lift that up. You said, "If I be lifted up, I'll draw all men unto me." I pray God that you would let us give us grace to do that tonight Lord to lift you up Lord and present you in such a way that Father others would be ministered grace unto. I pray that you would Lord grant the desire of the hearts of your children tonight. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You can be seated. I want to just um if you have that the slides here, you could just have those quotes ready. gonna take me just a moment here just to unbburden myself and really pour out the the burden that the Lord has got upon my heart here tonight. I almost titled this sermon reclaiming I'm sorry, a restored Eden or reclaiming Eden. I I titled it to take Eden back. We know that from the the teaching it's uh of the message that Eden, brother Brandham said was something that God had originally in mind for his family, for his sons and his daughters to live in. It's actually the habitat we could say or the environment that God created this part of creation, sons and daughters of God to live in. And I want to just take here just a moment and and just go over a few things that I believe that I've maybe have spoken in in times past, but maybe just to cover them here again. Brother Brandham said that everything happened in Genesis because it was the book of beginnings. And the prophet taught us how that everything that would happen from here on from that point, it would always come back to Genesis. How many know that brother Brandham said Genesis was the seed chapter? Amen. And in that first uh book of the Bible, it would be the seeds of all everything that would happen throughout time and throughout history could all be traced back to this Garden of Eden. God said in Genesis 1:26, and he's speaking about making man in our image and and our likeness. And he speaks to the man and says to let them have dominion. Uh that word dominion or to take rule or to subdue it. And the Bible says he created man in the image of God. And he created them male and female. He created them. He said the Bible says he blessed them and and he said be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth. And then he uses that word again and subdue it and have dominion. So that word right there is uh so key to God to man to to to not just humankind but to sons of God. We know that there would be all kinds of humankind uh that would serve different purposes for the great potter. But this is what God is talking about to sons of God manifested. H how many believes that God has manifested sons and daughters of God. I'm not just talking about Christians. God has a universal church throughout the whole world that declares his name. But the Bible says that creation is waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. Amen. And I believe it would be referring back to this condition that Adam had, this perfect Eden. I'm preaching to you tonight on taking back Eden or taking Eden back. And so God uses this word right away. He says, "I want you to take dominion, subdue it, have dominion over the fish and the fowl of the air and every living thing that moveth upon the face of the earth." And so I want you to notice here that God placed man. When I speak of man, I not I'm not using that word as gender, but he's talking about sons and daughters, manifested sons of God. But even more than that, God says, I I want to show you that through man, I'm going to express my vision. I'm going to express my attributes from the very beginning. Man, let me say this in in the way that the Lord gave it to me. A man under the influence of the Holy Ghost in the realm of his soul having the controls and the reigns to that creation is the weapon that God intends to use to destroy the works of the devil in Satan's Eden. I want to say that again that not that a a a true man under the control of the Holy Ghost under the influence of the Holy Ghost in the realm of his soul is the weapon that God uses to take back or to conquer uh Satan in Satan's Eden. We know that this is not God's Eden, but this is Satan Ed Satan's Eden. Brother Brandham told us that that the God Satan was the God of this evil age. And so he uses man that man would be the key or you could say the in from the very beginning uh it would be men uh sons of God, daughters of God under the influence of God in the realm of their soul sold out to God dedicated to God completely under the control of the spirit of the Holy Spirit in their actions in their communications in in their in their in in in every aspect of their life. God wants to have preeminence in his family. Amen. And so, let me say this that a man when he's under the influence, I mean, he's under the control. Not just the influence like you would say to come under an influence to do something, but under that influence, he's under the control of the mind of God. You see, God has a mind. Brother Benham said that God has a mind. He has something he wants done with his word. And the the Paul would say it this way, let this mind which was in Christ Jesus be also in you. And so a man under the control of the Holy Spirit, sold out, dedicated, consecrated to the purpose of God, the prophet of God said it this way, and I could hear him say it. God's only ever wanted one man who he can get under his complete control. He's only ever needed. That's the way brotherham says that he's only ever needed one man under his complete control. Oh, I hear those words and say, "Lord, let me be under your complete control." And he says it's it's and Satan, let me say this, that Satan also knows that. He knows how important it is to get man out of Eden. Amen. He knows how crucial it is for him to accomplish his plan and his purpose. He must remove the man from Eden. You see, Satan has a purpose. The Bible calls him a thief. He comes to steal. Jesus said, kill and destroy. Right? The Bible also uses an a a a word to call the devil. And it calls him the whirlwind. Think about that here just for a moment. The whirlwind. Something that takes all. Something that leaves everything destroyed in its path. Something that comes and this is what the scripture says. And just following the just following the Lord here and and you just pray for me as I express this thought is the way the Lord gave it to me. And I'm just following the Holy Spirit. But the Bible gives the name of of the of the devil many names throughout the Bible. He is here's some of the names of the enemy. The Bible in the book of Malachi 3:1 calls the devil the devourer. Amen. You know the scripture that Jesus said he seeks, he's like a roaring. Paul says he's like a roaring lion. He's not a roaring lion cuz he ain't got no roar. But he walks around like a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour. Malachi picks it up and says, "I'll rebuke the devourer for your sake." I think some of us need God to rebuke the devourer out of our life. Amen. Uh, one of the names the Bible we know very much, it probably calls in Genesis 3 originally, but probably is attributed this name more than any name given to the devil, is summed up in this one word, the serpent. And a serpent is one who deceives and poisons with his tongue or his mouth. a serpent. The Bible calls him that old the devil that old serpent or the snake. John spoke of them and said, "You generation of vipers, snakes in the grass." So it would literally attribute the children of the devil by the attributes of their father as a serpent with venom or snakes in the grass. It's called the fowler. And David calls calls the devil uh you know this scripture in Psalms chapter 91 uh you know that the that to keep you from the snare of the fowler. So the devil is also typed as a fowler or a person who catches or what is a fowler? It is a it is a person who catches birds and he uses traps and he uses devices and disguises. And the devil is just like that in our life. He's he's a devourer. wants to take everything from us. Let me just say it to you, my brother, my sister. Satan doesn't have an objective to hurt your feelings or to step on your toes or to even just injure you. The devil wants to devour you and take everything from you that you hold precious and dear in your life. And he he calls him the whirlwind. And the Psalms 91 is the the fowler, the the traps. And he traps those that are unaware and unsuspecting. And Nahm, it refers to him as the whirlwind. You could look up that word as I did today. And it means he's one who loves to bring chaos. Now God, brother Brandham said, is a God of order. He's not the author of confusion. How many know brother Brandham said that God is not the author of confusion. So any confusion in our life can never be attributed to the to to God. We always attribute it to the enemy who wants to bring chaos in our lives. He wants to bring chaos to any order that you have in your home. He wants to bring chaos to any order that you have in your life, in your family, in your relationships, in this church. The devil's objective is to devour, to divide, to spoil, to trap. Amen. And to steal everything that God has deposited in our lives. [Music] He's the He's the whirlwind. He brings chaos. A as you say, uh, my lord is the words of Ahab. I just want to read this as he goes against a a a a king. And just forgive me here for a moment as I as I find my place here, but um I want you to turn to First Kings chapter 18. Turn there if you could just here for a moment. I'm sorry. First Kings chapter 20. I just want to show you something the Lord showed to me and I and I just want to just take just a moment to have you read it with me. I'm waiting so that you can get there. Please do Brother Matt a favor and open your Bible and turn there with your Bible. If you got to use that phone, that's all right. You go ahead and use it. You got my permission. But I want you to read it with me. I know we got it on the screen, but I just want you to read these words. First Kings chapter 20. And Ben Haydad, this is his name. This is the king. Benhad, the king of Syria, gathered all his hosts together. There were 32 kings with him, horses and chariots. He went up and besieged Samaria and war against it. He sent messengers to Ahab, king of Israel, into the city, and said unto him, "Thus saith Benhad." Now, Ben Haydad's name, his dad's name, you can read that name, Ben Hayad. and and and Haydad was his father and his name literally means the whirlwind. And so now you have the son of the whirlwind and his name means the reincarnation of the whirlwind. And so now bin Hadad comes to Ahab. We know Ahab. We know the story of Ahab. not preaching on that here today, but I just want to draw something from here because here was the enemy, the whirlwind. And he and he and here was the son of the whirlwind coming to Ahab. And notice what his threat was. He said unto him, he sent messengers in verse two, thus saith Manhad, thy silver and thy gold is mine. Look at that word, mine. Mine. Where do you learn that from a child? Even a child says that's mine. It's a way to take possession. It's mine. Mine. Not yours. Mine. This is the word that the devil or Benhad was using to to let Ahab know, your silver, your gold, your wives, notice this, your children are mine. Even the goodliest are mine. Verse four. And the king of Israel answered, I want you to notice this answer to the whirlwind by Ahab. And the king of Israel answered and said, "My Lord, oh king, according to thy saying." Let me give you a modern day translation of that. Whatever you say. Think about that here. The devil, the whirlwind has came and he got to such a place. He got to such a downcast, defeated, downtrodden place to where the enemy is saying, "I'm going to take your wife. I'm going to take your children. I'm going to take your home. I'm going to take even the goodliest." In other words, those things that you love and I they're mine. I'm going to take them. And here was the here was all of the all of the can I say it this way? Here was all of the gumption that Ahab can muster up. Here was all of the courage that he can muster up. Whatever you say, man. Come on. Whatever you say. As you say, I am thine and all that I have. messengers came again and said, "Thus speaketh bin Haydad, saying,"Now notice here, I want you to notice the devil. I want to show you something about the devil." Here the devil has made a threat and said, "Everything I'm going to take is mine." And now he's waiting for the answer from the king. And the king says, "Whatever you say." Now, you'd think that that wicked man would say, "All right, guys. We got him. Let's let's be let's be diplomatic about this. Come on. We got him. We got our foot in the door. Now, I want to show you how bold the devil is." The messengers came again and said, "Thus speaketh Ben hey had saying, Although I sent unto thee, saying, Thou shalt deliver me thy soul, and the thy silver, and thy gold, and thy wives, and thy children, yet I'll send my servants unto thee tomorrow about this time, and they shall search your house, and the house of thy servants, and it shall be that whatsoever is pleasant in your eyes, they shall put it in their hand and take it away." You see, when you give the devil a place, he's not just there to take that place. He's there to take everything. Amen. And he says here, "And anything whatsoever is pleasant in your eyes, they shall put it in their hand and take it away." Let me just say something to you friends. If you let the devil, he will rob you. And he won't just take what? He won't just take, listen friends, he's going to take everything that you have. If you let the devil and give him place in your life, he's not just there to take a little spot and and stick out his tongue at you. He wants your children. He wants your home. He wants your health. He wants your marriage. Come on, somebody. He wants this church. Brother Bam said that in God's power to transform, preach into a little trailer, little home church. And he says, "Brothers, don't that little sweet spirit you have in here. It's so kind and everybody loves." Don't you think for one moment the devil will let it stay that way, but he'll let some little sly slick, you know, person uh, you know, come with the Bible in their hands and preach the gospel because he wants to take what you got away. Listen, friends, the devil never comes through the front door. He never comes as a woof. He never comes saying, "Hey, it's me. It's the enemy." He comes subtly like a snake's lie, slithering his way through your life and through your home trying to find a place. Can I just preach and say, "Give no place to the devil." Notice this. this this he says everything that you have whatsoever is pleasant in other words anything you enjoy your health you like that I'll take it from you you like sitting out on the porch of a morning and and you know and drinking your coffee and you like those listen this is what the devil's after he's after anything that gives you joy in this world and I want to stop here for a moment and say he's like a serpent. He'll come in slick. He'll come in cunning. It's what the Bible says about him. He's cunning. Brother Brandham said that. I was listening to it today in God's power to transform. He comes in like a preacher. He says y'all all the right words. Says all the right things, smooth sayings, and you give a play. You give a place to the devil. And before you know it, he's demanding what you have. He's demanding all that you love. He's demanding all of your children. He's demanding all of your time. He's demanding all of your body. Amen. Come on. Amen. And if you let him, he'll take it all. That's right. He'll take it all. Ben Hay had this is what the devil calls him. He's the the whirlwind. He's the spoiler. John 10, I think it is John 10. He says, "The thief comes to steal, to kill, and to destroy, to steal joy, to steal peace, to destroy unity." And this is what God promised us as children, sons, and daughters of God. I just want to insert this in here right now. God has promised to the family of God that you don't have to settle with chaos. You don't have to settle with disruption. You don't have to settle with uncertainty in your life. But God promised us peace that passes understanding, joy in our lives, harmony in our homes, unity and love in our church. That's the promise of Eden. That's the promise of God. But the intruder comes in to take what isn't his. We know that that that Adam lived with this as I get back to this just here for a moment that that that God said because Satan knew this. Man was the architecture. He was the the the blueprint that God would use. He's the foundation. Amen. The man in his rightful place. the man in his rightful position under the submission and the authority of the Holy Ghost in his life. I'm not talking about a man with pride filled with chauvinism maybe muscle bound. Nothing wrong with muscles, but some men can be muscle bound. And brother Bandam said ain't got 10 oouncez of man inside of him. Amen. Amen. Amen. Brother Brandham said, "But I'm talking about men, real men, men who stand for a principle." Men who knows their position, their submission to Christ. Amen. Love how brother Harold Beckett would point that out many, many, many years ago. I remember being at Brother Blues Church and like 18 years old or so and hearing Brother Beckett say that to to to receive authority, you've got to come under authority. Yes. And he says, "Brother, brother Brandham showed us." And he said he'd stand there in 20th century prophet. You could see it on the video. And brother Brandham, Brother Becket says, "You see brother Brandham and he's sort of, you know, fumbling over his words and his ringing his with his hand. You can see him on the video is nervous and he's not out there boisterous and prideful with a big loud voice and and you know, and and a great big demonstrative." No, brother Brandham was a very humble s you know a man and a very soft demeanor and and he said you could watch Brother Brandham there on that on that video as he stood there and he's sort of fumbling. He said brother brother Beck said see what he was doing. He wasn't trying to come out there on on on his own authority or his reputation or his past revival, but he was coming under authority. And he said then he would sheepishly very very you know nervously say now uh friends I'm just as helpless as a baby unless he comes. I'm just as helpless as a baby. And and and unless he comes, you know, friends, I I can't do anything to help you. And and brother Becca said, "See what you were seeing is the power of authority first. You must first come under authority under headship for authority to come to you." And brother Brandham said, "Brother Becca said, you could watch Brother Brandham. I'm as helpless as a baby and unless he comes, I just can't do anything to help." Listen, friends, he didn't come there with an arrogancy. There was no attitude. There was no overall confidence. Listen, can I just preach to you here for a moment? There was no overconfidence in God's prophet. He wasn't so confident in himself or even in his own gift, even in his own ability, but he stood there with humility. Not something that he put on, something that was fake, you know, holding his head a certain way. And you know that's not humility. But real humility is knowing how how far grace had to reach down in your own life to save you and how much grace it took to pick you up out of the miry clay. And that person can show grace to anybody else. Amen. I believe we should we should rule from a position of humility. Amen. Amen. Rule from the position of the cross of the crucified Lord who said, "Father, forgive them for they know not what they do. Come off of that cross." That's what they said to him. He said, "If I can't if I come off of the cross, I can't save them." And let me just say this to you men of God here today. Stay on the cross. Stay on the cross. Stay under a life of self- crucifixion, humility before God. Remember that without God, we are nothing. That's right. Cuz the only way you can save them is if you stay on the cross. And brother Beckham said, "Watch Brother Brandham as he stood there. Now I'm as helpless as a baby unless he comes." And he says, "Now you watched." And he says, "But suddenly something happened." And you watch Brother Brandham's hold the meter when the Holy Spirit comes in the room and he says, "Brother Brands, Danny's down like this. I'm just as helpless." And suddenly he goes, "He's here." Yeah. Amen. Amen. And I take every spirit in this room under my control for the glory of God. What was it? He came under authority and so God gave him authority. Ain't that good? That's right. Amen. So man is under under in his right position. He's the controller. He under under the right position. He's the foundation for the rest of the family. We taught that the man is the head of the home. And that's a scriptural teaching. He's head of the home. But many times when we envision that head of the home, we envision being on top of the family. But I'm going to correct that image for you tonight. The man doesn't lead from up here. He leads from down here. Because he's not on the top of the family. He's at the bottom. You see, the foundation of the home is what carries the load of the rest of the house. Amen. Amen. And so when God creates the human family, he was building or constructing an image of how he's seen a reflection of his own house and in his own mind. That's why the Bible says that he took of himself, made of himself uh no reputation, took on the form of a servant. You want to know how to lead your home? This is hell. Lead it the way that the original man of God, creation of God, the son of God. The Bible says Jesus said, "Come not the son of man to be served, but to serve." And so, so God when he constructs the first home, the first house, the first building, he constructs it the way he wants every building to be built. Amen. A reflection of his own. And so when he begins his construction, he starts with the man. Amen. And he puts that man at the foundational role because God knew if I can get the man right, then everything in the home will be right. But the devil knows if he could corrupt the man, then the children, the wife, the family stands very little chance. And so he says, I want you to take dominion. I want you to take authority. I want you to take your domain. I've called you. I've gifted you. I've put a I've put a gift inside of you to lead. That's in every single man. I don't care how old you are, if you're married or single. There is a gift inside of you that God called you to lead. To to to lead. You may not ever be a leader of a church. You may not ever be the leader of a business. I'm not saying that's the calling of every man. Thank God God made some men good employees. And you business owners said, "Amen." Because not all men were called for that position. You need them. Amen. But but let me just say that within every son of daughter of God, God has put something inside of you to not be an Ahab and let the devil control the narrative. Not be an Ahab and say all that you want. Say whatever you say. But let me just say this. I do not intend to let the devil have control over my family or my life. He's not going to get the final say. If anything, I'll let the Lord Jesus speak through my life and say, "Satan, you ain't going to have my home. You ain't going to have my family. You ain't going to have my children." Do I have anybody here tonight to say, "I am not going to let hell call the shots in my life. I'm going to speak out against that spirit trying to intrude into my home." Amen. He's the protector of the home. He stands at the gate. He stands at the door ready to lay his life down for his family. That is an attribute of your heavenly father. Amen. No greater love, no greater love hath the world seen that a man would lay down his life. Think about that. that the role that God put inside of every son of God, amen, is a role of self sacrifice. That's right. You know who knows nothing about self-sacrifice? The devil. Amen. That's why he couldn't recognize the deity of Jesus. Because he came with such humility and self-sacrifice that literally he hid in plain sight. Amen. Amen. Because the devil would have never expected God to become like one of us. The Bible says this in Galatians 5. I'm just going to preach this here and then turn a corner. This I say you then, walk in the spirit. and you shall not fulfill the lust of the flesh. You want to know how to not fall to sin? Walk in the spirit. For the flesh lusteth against the spirit, and the spirit against the flesh, and these are contrary, the one to the other, so that you cannot do the things that you want to do. So, let me just say this here. God originally put man in this position. Garden of Eden was not, as we said, I know it was a physical location. It was a real place, believe somewhere, I think, to be in Egypt. And you can find some things that Brother Brandham said about that. But, but let me just say this to you tonight that it wasn't so much about let me read you what a prophet said. I just love this so much. Just want to read it. Can you just listen here for a moment? I don't have this. Brother Brandham says this and I want to He says, "In the new earth and new heavens, it'll never be blackened again. When this new earth is to come, the devil will be bound. Satan, he's loose now. He's the accuser. But in the new earth, he will be bound and cast into the lake of fire in this holy fire. Then in this new earth, let's look at it for a few moments. In this new earth, the skies will never be dark again, never be black again." No, that's from the curse. You know that there's so many things that we live in today by contrast that are the law of curse we live in it. Death and hospitals and sickness. It's all part of the curse that the earth is under. Brother have said even thorns in the desert cactus was a sign of the curse. Amen. And a sign that the curse has lifted is when the cactus blooms and those those, as brother Brandon points out, those thorns are just a leaf that's been so dried up and ain't got no water. Says, "But one day the desert will blossom." Right? And he says, "Notice, the skies will never be black. Never with angry clouds. Winds will never blow across her again. She'll never tear up the trees and tear up the houses." speaking of tornadoes and turn over the things lightning and the wrath will never belch from Satan across there and kill a man walking down the road or burn up a building. See, no, no more. There will be no more typhoons, hurricanes, sweep down storms and tornadoes, tear up houses, kill little children and things. Uh-uh. Won't be no more. Trying to destroy it won't be there. Satan is cast out. Amen. Brother Brandham says, "Heaven and earth have met God and man." Oh, as he begins to portray this, I just envision, friends, it's it's beyond our wildest imagination. Amen. Heavens and earth have met. God and man is reconciled. A restored Eden has begun. And all the curse is gone. the curse of sin. Just like it when God, the Holy Ghost accepts you. See, you don't accept God. The Holy Ghost accepts you. The Holy Ghost is God's attribute, right? It's the attribute, the thought of God. See, you were born in sin, but God had that attribute. And here you expressed yourself on earth, and it comes down and gets you. You're back here. Here is where you belong. See, sin has lost its power. That's right. The desire of sin has done gone from your heart when the Holy Spirit comes in. Listen to this. When the Holy Spirit comes in, you're a restored person. When the earth is restored by the same thing, there could be no more cursing, no more storms, no more winds, no more typhoons. You are reconciled. Man and God has met. The new earth will be put on its Eden beauty again. The new earth will spread forth after her baptism of fire. Just think about it. She'll catch a fire. All the elements will melt with fervent heat. All the works of the earth will be burned up. The water will explode. It'll ignite. And brother says and blow everything up. Everything. Volcanoes will erupt thousands of miles in the air with burning hot lava. Every germ. The Holy Spirit of God will cleanse off every speck of all the sin and everything. All the devil will be bound and cast into the lake of fire, consuming fire. God's fire of wrath. No beast will be there to destroy you when you walk down the road in the flower garden. There will be no serpent there to hiss at you and bite you with his poisonous venom. Oh my, won't that be wonderful? There will be none of that in the new earth ever mounted up to a little yellow sodbank for a grave. There will be none of that. Man and God has come together. Bride and bridegroom. Heavens and earth has embraced each other. God has come down to dwell among men. His tabernacle is with them. Oh, my brother, my sister, that may mean nothing. What I just read may mean nothing to the the guy down the street, but it means so much to me. I I just want to ask you, does it mean anything to you? Why Why would it mean something to you? Because an Eden, a restored Eden has begun. Amen. And one day all sin out of my mortal body, out of my mind, out of my spirit will be eradicated. There will be no more curse of sin. There will be no more sorrow. Brother Adam says, "Oh, bride and bridegroom, heavens and earth have embraced. God has come down to dwell his tabernacles with them. There'll be no more sin. No more sorrow. Never. Never will there be a tear drop off of a mother's cheek over her baby. It won't be on that new ground. It's redeemed. It belongs to him and that's what it was redeemed out of. He's redeemed you. You're like that old garment. You're part of that ground. When he redeemed you, he redeemed the earth with the same thing. You are together again. How much planer can it be? You have to be redeemed cuz you're part of the earth. That's what he's saying. And if the blood didn't drop on you, if the blood didn't drop on you, you ain't redeemed yet. You're not called. Then he cleanses it. That's the same thing he does in the fire. The blood dropped and yet it's got to be cleansed by fire for a dwelling place of God. God already took up his abode potentially. The kingdom of God is in the earth now in the heart of his saints. And it it's his attributes that begin at the beginning. I love this so much. Now his attributes is redeemed. What's he waiting for? To redeem the earth. To set his attributes on it. to fill exactly his predestinated plan. Do you see it? No more tears, no more graves, no more bloodshed. She'll never be moistened by a teardrop of blood. There will be no more war, no clouds of winter, no cold snow, thank God, up in the breast of her. Won't lay there no more on it. The hot sun will not never burn its grass. Hallelujah. Even the desert shall bring forth roses. That old sticky desert will blossom one day like a rose. Don't you see what brother Brandham is typing? Listen, it's a wonderful thing to think about the earth and the curse that the earth is under. But I got news from you. You that are sealed, born again with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. There's still a curse upon your earth. Oh, there's still stickers and you got a sticky nature. Brother Random said it'll bother you as long as you live. That old carnal sticky flesh. You You'll make mistakes. You'll mess up sometimes. You'll get angry sometimes. Oh, but one day the curse will be lifted. One day there will be no more malice, no more envy, no more jealousy, no more mistake. I won't think the wrong thought. I won't speak the wrong thought. I won't look at the wrong thing. All the curse of sin has been lifted. But can I just say that Eden has begun and I'm not about to wait until I get there on the other side. I believe I can experience a restored Eden in my home, in my family, in this church. Oh, how many want that here tonight? God, let me taste of that place. That perfect Eden, that perfect Eden, that atmosphere that I was made to dwell in. Amen. That I was made to live in that atmosphere. Wasn't made out to be out there. The Bible says God took the man. Notice this, Genesis 2. He took the man that he had made. And the Bible says it this way. And put him put him in the garden of Eden to tend it and to keep it. So you mean when you're in the Garden of Eden filled with the Holy Ghost, you've got to tend it. You got to keep it. Yes. Amen. You got to till the soil. That's right. You got to pull the weeds. Oh yeah. Hello, somebody. God says, "I'm going to place you there by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. I'm going to give you a token, Rahab. I'm going to give you something that so seals you. It'll seal you to the day of your redemption. But this atmosphere that I'm placing you in, this place that I'm putting you in, I want you to know you're to subdue. You're to conquer. Yes. Amen. You see, Eden was not just a place, as we said, but it was, we could type it to say it was the environment. I love this. It was the environment that a son of God, a daughter of God was made to thrive in. Amen. It's made to be what God made you to be. Amen. To look how God seen you before you ever breathed your first breath. And so Eden was the environment that God put man inside. Anytime God ever created anything, you go read the book of Genesis. God would always create the environment first before he placed the creation in the environment. Think of the fish first. He creates the seas, then he brings the fish. You see, the environment was going to be so important to the fish that without the environment, the fish could not live. And so God says, "I'm going to create. I'm going to put emphasis. I want to tell you how important it is for the fish to live in its environment that actually it can't live without it." Amen. And I'm going to not create the fish first. I'm first going to create the Oh, I'm first going to create the ability, the place for him to dwell so that he could be a fish. Let me say it to you this way. The fish was not created for the water, but the water was created for the fish. What did he make before he ever made a star? He first hung the firmament because in order for the star to be a star, he had to have a firmament to live in, an atmosphere to dwell in before he ever created the flower, he first made the soil for the flower to live in. But what happens when you remove the flower from the soil? What happens when you take him out of where God put him? You put him in a vase, sister. You get you those flowers and oh, they're so beautiful and you put him in that glass vase and you fill it with water and you put it in the window and it has all the sun. But you know what? Yeah. If it's not in its original in its original intended environment, it'll live for a day, 2 days, 3 days, but don't you know it, after a while, those petals will start to fall. Amen. That flower will begin to turn over. What is it? It wasn't made to live outside of its environment. Amen. What happens to the star when you take the star out of the firmament? It becomes a falling star, a comet, and it can do nothing but destroy. What happens when you take that fish, brother, and you caught him on the line and man, you take him up out on he's got the hook in his mouth. You throw him in the boat and you're taking pictures with him and taking snapping photos and posting on your, you know, your social media. Look at this coding way out there to make it look a little bit bigger than it actually was. And they got to say, "Hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry. Get him back in the water. Get him back in the water." Why do you have to do that? Why can't he still go on a boat ride with you? He can't. You got to slowly let him back in. Put him back in his environment. Why? He wasn't made to live in your environment. Amen. So what happens when you take a man, a son of God, a daughter of God, and you remove them from Eden? Yeah. That same man that was the key to be the weapon to destroy Satan's Eden now becomes a destroyer. Amen. Now he becomes a person who can do nothing but mess things up and break things and hurt people. That same man when you remove him from Eden, what was Eden? It was the environment. It was the atmosphere for the man to dwell in. But something removed him from the intended environment. Sin came in the garden. Amen. A snake entered the Eden. Can I preach to you here for a moment? Amen. Amen. The intruder, the devourer, the serpent, the fowler, the whirlwind, the spoiler, the thief, the liar, the accuser, Abaden, the Bible calls him. He comes in this the garden that God intended to be beautiful, that God intended to be an atmosphere for the Holy Spirit to be welcome. And now that subtle, sly, slick snake comes in with his venomous bite and slips into the Garden of Eden. And now that place that was meant for rest, for hope, for love, for harmony, for the growth, the multiplication of God now becomes a fallen Eden. Now that same home that was to have the harmony, now has the chaos. That same family that was to love, now there's hatred. Now there's malice. Now there's jealousy. Now there's envy. And now that same place that was made to be a place of peace, made to be a place of protection. Amen. Made to be a place for the living God to dwell in. Listen friends, I'm being real here with you tonight. Call it whatever you want here tonight. You could look at this church. You could look at your house. You could look at your family. You could look at your marriage. You could look at any thing Satan wants to invade and take any and everything, any attribute, amen, God has poured in your life. The serpent wants to come in and destroy and defile and corrupt. It's amazing because I'm just obeying the Lord here and I don't have much more time, but I do have some time. It's amazing because this is the scripture I opened up with. Give no place give no place to the devil. Amen. I was pondering just just today and I just writing notes out to myself. What are some of the things that ruin Eden? That Eden meaning the promise of peace, love, hope. What what what are some of those things that ruin that atmosphere of rest for the believer? safe, settled, secure in Jesus. Amen. Protected from the fowler, the devour. What are some of those things that allows the thief to come in to steal, to kill, and to destroy? Listen what brother Brandham says here in 20th Century Prophet. He said you would, listen to what brother Brandham says here. Now, the same thing is wrong with you, is wrong with that woman sitting over yonder, looking right at me on the end of the row, right out there with a little round hat on. You have that if you can display it. There's a dark string. Listen to this. He looks at a woman in the audience. The same thing wrong with you is wrong with her sitting yonder. Brother Adam Bam says right there looking at me right there at the end of the row with that little round hat on. Oh, there's a dark string. Notice what Brother Adam starts to see here. There's a dark string. The lady looking across this lady's head looking at me right here with her hand up. That's it, lady. That's right. Here it is. coming from one to the others. It's evil powers. Yeah. Amen. A dark streak. He says in darkest hour. That was proof of his resurrection. Darkest hour. Brother man says Jesus comes. Now here's two spirits calling one to another. I only wish that my lovely audience could be in this dimension and see this. This woman standing here is suffering with the same thing that that woman sitting there with her hands crossed. Right? Like that. And he says it again. Here's a dark line. Here's a dark line because the spirit that's on this woman is calling to this spirit for help. Now look, I got a I got a question for you. Has the spirit of darkness gotten worse than 1963? Oh yeah. Amen. So if there was connections that people could bring into their life and ingest in their human spirit that would be so dark the woman couldn't see it, the man couldn't see it, but yet there was a dark string following them in their life. And brother Brandham identifies it and says,"I only wish my lovely audience could see this. Two spirits calling one and the spirit that's on this woman is calling to the spirit for help. It's both the same disease. Arthritis to both." Listen to this. Earnestly continue. What if I told you that your heart trouble can be made well in Jesus name? You believe it? Then go just a minute. Demons screamed. Something called for help. Demon power. It come from the audience. When this woman was healed, that demon spirit screaming to one another for help. It's the spiritual world. We're not talking about the outside. I want you to notice this as brother Baron through prophetic vision. I'm so glad we had the glimpse. I think God did it this way on purpose for us to be able to understand what Paul was talking about in Ephesians 6 when he says we don't wrestle against flesh and blood but against powers, principalities, evil spirits of darkness, rulers in high places. Therefore, therefore, take unto you the whole armor of God that you can withstand in the evil day. And so, this is what Paul was referring to. And so, Brother Brandon begins to list this uh go back for me if you could, brother Josh. This is just stop. Oh, I don't have it on. That would help if I turned it on. Listen to this. So, he takes this look in into this other world. Now, this woman didn't see it. This man he goes to had no idea, had no clue. Even brother Bandom, I was listening to him the other day and he's talking, I can't remember the sermon name right now. It's slipping me. But but brother Bham comes to a a a woman. He walks off the stage, it sounds like to me, and to the woman. He takes her by the hand and he says, "Sister," he says, "I see that that's a cancer in your life." She says, "Yes." And brother Brandon says, "Oh, oh my sister, it's worse than you think it is. And he starts by prophetic vision. You could hear the woman on the tape. And he says, "Now, sister, I want to tell you I can speak that off of you right now and it will have to leave." You say, "Well, praise God, brother. Speak it right off of my life." He says, "I can take it out of you." I think is the way he says it. I can take it off of you. Now, listen. But I can't keep it off of you. It will be your confession. Yeah. That I can, I will, I do believe that G look at how powerful confession was that she confessed with her mouth. Brother Madam said, it will be your confession in a promise that keeps that spirit off of you. He comes to that place in 20th century prophet, you know this very well. And he says here uh uh he says, "Excuse me, sister. Have to relax my mind once in a while. Now we be we'll be strangers. I see that you're strictly a stranger. You're from away from here. You've come from another city. You've got a lot of trouble." Notice this. You got a lot of trouble on your heart. Now, do you think this sister knew what brother Brandon was seeing? Most of the case, most of the time they didn't. Most of the time the spirits that brother Brandon would see and he would see a dark shadow or a dark spirit hovering over that person, they had no idea. Now here this woman comes up to the prayer line and brother Ben says, "I see a lot of trouble." He's not yet talking about a physical heart problem. Catch this. He's not yet talking about a physical heart disease, but he's talking about something in her spirit that she had ingested in her spirit. She had given place to the devil. Whether she knew it or not, she had given a place in her spirit. And now that devil was causing a lot of trouble on her heart. Listen, he says, "You got a lot of trouble on your heart." Oh, and you got heart trouble to begin with. Ain't it amazing? One is physical, one is spiritual. And many times the physical is just a result of the spiritual. Amen. Hello. You got heart trouble to begin. Is that right? There's a whole lot of blackness. There it is. I see a black sheet keep following you like that. I wonder when she woke up that day and took her kids to school, maybe went to the grocery store. Wonder if she's seen and knew that the entire time there was a demon spirit, a black shadow following her because of some place she had given to the enemy trying to influence her, trying to speak to her. Listen friends, I'm not trying to disturb you. I'm trying to wake you up to something here tonight that we can give place to the devil. We can give place to the devil in so much he has a legal right to stay there. And brother Brandham says, "I see that spirit following you. You didn't know it. But that spirit, listen, you think depression is not a spirit. Anxiety is not a spirit. Suicide is not a spirit. Pornography is not a spirit. Jealousy is not." Listen, all of these are demon spirits. They have a figure. They have an image. Brother Adam says, "Many of them, many times I see them. looks like a bat with long hair. No, the other time he calls it looks like a tortoise, I think it was. They have an image that he would peer into and look at because they gave place to the devil in their life. They gave him an entrance in. And when he gets an entrance in, he takes a stronghold and grips that life. And if he can, he'll suck the very life out of that person. If he can't take their life, he'll destroy their mind. He'll destroy the peace of God. He'll take sleep away from them. He'll take harmony away from them. He'll speak through them. And that spirit of that shadow will start to speak through them to their children, to their family. Amen. I'm talking about a spirit here. Yeah. Amen. Brother says, "A black sheep keep following you like that. Oh, it's a lie. Somebody's told a lie on you, and that was a man professing divine healing." And the sister says, "Yes." He said, "You was a witch. Is that true? You got a whole stir in your church, something other about it. Is that right? Your pastor's sick right now. He's got polio. Is that right?" Yes, sir. Sister, don't pay no attention to what them people tell you they're a lion. Notice the first key to deliverance. Don't pay no attention to what that voice is saying. Give no place to the devil. Don't give it your mind. Don't entertain it. Don't give it your thought. Don't confess it. Don't give it a place. The Bible says it this way. Take every thought captive. And he says, "Don't pay no attention to what them people telling you. They're a lion. The only thing wrong with your heart is that nervous condition. God, your heart worked up. Going home in peace. God bless you. You're all right. God bless you. You're not a witch." Just like that. What does it take? Brother didn't shake her. He didn't scream over her. He didn't even put anointing oil. So many times we wait for something when all that it takes is God to reveal it. Expose the devil. Expose him in your life. Let the gospel shine a light so deep in your in your soul, in your spirit that it it it exposes every lie. It exposes every scheme of the devil. And freedom comes right when the devil was exposed in her life. You're not a witch. What was that? There was a spirit there trying to influence her, trying to anoint her. Friends, they are just as real as you're real. See, many times when they leave, I've seen them leave right from this platform. I've seen some of them in the shape of bats, look like long hairs hanging on their legs. An epileptic demon looks like a tortoise with round legs hanging up like that. A demon of oppression seems to be more of a cloud form, like a wave, and it just makes a real funny sound. Real funny is what he's going to say. Funny sound when it when you when you're in that dimension to see the spirit. He says here, I I just want to make sure we we cover this. Now, some some of you may think that's wrong, but some the some of these days you'll realize if you could only take spiritual looking glass, look into your soul, you doubt, and you find what it looks like. And the greatest devil and the chief of all devils is unbelief. Unbelief. Give no place to the devil. I just want to take just a moment here to say, be careful what spirits you entertain. Young people, listen to me. Be careful what music you listen to. It carries spirits. Amen. Be careful what movies, families, what things you allow in your home, in rooms that you may not be in. Take control, dominion, and subdue your home. It is your Eden and it will only be what you allow or don't allow. Amen. If we allow jealousy in our home, that jealousy spirit will take over our family, our children. If we allow entertainment, come on, somebody. Don't make me just let don't let don't don't let me be the only one preach you preach with your amens. If we allow that in our home, in our life, be careful what spirits gossip that we entertain. You allow a spirit and before you know it, it's got control of you. It's influencing you. It's following you. It's speaking to you. But I got news for the devil. That might be the army of the devil. But I've got angels who constantly, the Bible says, encamp those who fear the Lord. And they're there to speak to me and to minister to me and to encourage me. If only I'd open up the right door and close the door to Hollywood. Come on, somebody. And open up a spiritual door and let angels come in our life and influence us. Amen. Wow. I'm going to close here. I'm going to close here. Come on. Amen. Thank you, Lord. I was I was The way the Lord deals with people sometimes so different. I was out mowing my my grass. I think this was I'd mowed it Saturday and you know out there on property now you got my home and you got all the woods and you know everything everything that you don't want to grow grows and everything that you do want to grow has trouble growing. Ain't that just about the way the Christian life is? And I I was just pondering this and as I as I was just I mowed it Saturday and and got it mostly good and and then I went back and and and the I think it was I don't know what day it was Monday. I think it was Monday this this past Monday. And I was I thought I'm going to get the rest of what I was It got dark before I could really get to everything. So I went through and I mowing everything and and I and I was just there and you know by myself been out there for a couple hours now just talking to the Lord and I I I was came over to a section. I went rolled my mower back up onto my grass and there was a section where I have that I've I've fenced off and it's just the woods just just the woods real big hardwood timber real deep woods. But then in front of that there was a section where my grass my sod didn't come to and there was a large section of just man every kind of just nasty grass maybe like a 20 by 20 section but I had my nice manicured yard then I had this sort of nastiness to there then then the woods and I and I was and I I just I walked out I thought man I just love to mow that. I'd love to get that, you know, looks so much nicer. But I got out and there was all kinds of thorns immediately sticking me and there's logs and and uh and I didn't want to damage the mower and all kinds of brown. I thought I can't even see through here to be able to cut. I don't want to I don't want to do something, you know, just wanting to do it. And I just as I as I was just sitting there mowing and just contemplating this just here for a moment, I the Lord just spoke to my heart just for a just just out of out of out of just a moment that I I wasn't expecting. And the Lord just spoke these words, give no place to the devil. And I I sat there and looked at those those high weeds and I thought, you know what? If if I let that remain, that's going to be a breeding ground for snakes. And those snakes are that much closer to my home, to my family, to my children, to my wife's dogs, our dogs, our pets, our animals. I said that jokingly. I love I love animals. Always have. But they're that much closer to those things that that I love. Right. And I just the Lord began to deal with my heart and I thought, I'm not going to allow the devil just to be camped out right here, the snakes to be camped out right here, right beside my yard. I could have just let it go. It would have been much easier just to let it grow, just to go wild. I thought I'll just let it go wild. Then I thought, no, you know what? If I do that, then that snake has been given a place. He's been given a spot. He's been given authority, if I could say it that way. And so, you know what I did? I just went through there. I did the hard work of going through there, cutting my hands up, ripping out logs, ripping out things that have been there, tree limbs and all kinds of things and pulling out this and trying to kick down things, make sure there was no stumps. And I got that mower and I started going over just inch by inch slowly as I could. Wouldn't you know it, not one, not two, but three snakes in that grass. One right after the other sli slithered out. One slithered out. Another one slithered out. And I just begin to think to myself as the Lord begin to put this sermon and this inspiration upon my heart. Give no place to the devil. Amen. If you give him a reason to stay, he'll stay. I want to read you something as I close. I'm going to close on this quote and have the musicians return. Before they do, I want to read it. Brother Brandon speaking here and I I know we know this real well, but the Lord has brought this fresh back to my memory. He's speaking about a a lady, a young lady, and he says a little later from that, there was a young girl. She's perhaps sitting here this morning. I don't see, but she comes sparingly. She's a member of a church in New Albany, a very prominent church of an outstanding church. I've been down there. She She's got a mental condition, a kind of psychonurosis. She she won't even leave the city or anywhere. She starts screaming and crying going on. So I prayed for her two or three times, but something wouldn't let me challenge that demon somehow. I don't know. I just couldn't do it. She's a friend to a nurse that lives in the neighborhood there. They come up. She was getting worse. She'd been that way for about 8 years. So she come up the other day and she said I I I told her I said, "Sis, the only thing I know is that there's a cause there somewhere. I don't know what it is. You could come up and see me. She says tells brother Brandon, "I've been prayed for my pastor." And my pastor sent me up up here and said, "Go see brother Billy. See what he says." I said, "Well, I I don't know, sis. I'm I'm just like your pastor. Have you confessed all your sins? Everything?" Sunday school teacher, had a great class, doing a good work, but that just hung over her. I didn't know what to do. Was just about imagine, you imagine how I'd feel. I just didn't know what to do. We took her in the room. I said, "All right, come on up." When people come, we stop everything. I got her in the room. I sat down, started talking to her about genealogies and about the beginning and origin of time and watching her. It was that same morning. God, I love this. God is always there at that crucial moment. After a while, I looked out there and there come a vision moving up. I seen an automobile going swiftly. I said, "Your condition has something to do with an automobile." She says, "No, I was never in a wreck." I said, "Just sit humble. I see you in a car. You almost get hit by a train." She jumped. Said, "Oh." I said, "Yes, and you're not with your husband. You're with another man. Your husband's overseas in war at that time." Went ahead and began to bring it on down. I said, "The things that you done, the immoral things, you told him about some of it, but you didn't tell him about all of it." She started screaming, holding her face like that. I said, "You're going to have an operation not long ago for your tonsils, and you was afraid to take an anesthetic, afraid you would tell that under that?" She just screamed and fell on the floor and said, "That's the truth." I said, "How you ever going to get anywhere with that hanging?" She said, "I asked God to forgive me." I said, "You never sinned against God. You sinned against your husband in vows. You go back and make that right. Then come and I can control that demon. Think about that. A legal right that even a prophet couldn't control or challenge that demon. I said, "By the way, your husband described how he looked, never seen him in my life, said he's got the same thing to confess to you. Now, if you believe it, call him on the phone and tell him to meet you." She went in and caught him on the phone. They met on the road and here they come back, tears running down their cheeks, forgive one another. The demon left her and there she was free. See, now I might have screamed and hollered over that demon and cast and everything else and that had would have never left her until that was corrected. See, you got to find the cause before you can find the cure. Amen. Amen. You go to a doctor, say, "I got a headache." He might give you an aspirin. Well, it would come back. Maybe you got stomach troubles causing the headache. Maybe you got an infection somewhere that's causing the fever. Maybe you got headaches, something another. You have to go back. That doctor has to diagnose that case till he finds what the cause is. And then you get rid of the cause. Could you stand to your feet and bow your heads with me? Musicians, could you come? I think one of the things that keep our people from being healed is the lack of confession. Every head bowed, every eye closed. I want to read that again. I think one of the things that keeps our people from being healed is the lack of confession. The lack of sincere confession. This might sound bad. I don't mean it to be that way. But looking at my wife sitting here, if I would go out here today and throw my arms around some other woman, make Brother Brandon says, and he he says that that would be wrong. Now, of course, my comforter would keep me from doing that. But I mean, if I did that and it happened that I didn't that I did it or anything similar to it and then I know the first thing is to say to my wife before I can say to God, forgive me because I sinned against her. If you come to the altar, remember you have a go make that right first before you offer your gift. So I got to go to her. I believe in confession. I believe in confession is straightening up also. It isn't true confession unless it is. What if I said I'm going to confess it that I done wrong. I say good Lord, old friend of mine, you know that I know you real well. Praise God. Hallelujah. I I think you're a good fellow. Forgive me. You know, old friend, I didn't mean that way. Now, you say that's sacrilegious. It is. And to make a confession like that, it is. What if I say, "Lord, I didn't mean to do it that way, and you just help me, and I won't do it again." He'll refuse my sacrifice until I go first and make that right with my wife. What if I come to her with the same irreverence and say, "Oh, girl, friend of mine, old mother, my children, my old sweetheart, you know, we've been chums for a long time." What if I put my arms around another woman? What do you say about that old kid? Would you forgive me? I imagine how she'd look at me. She'd say, "What's happened to my husband?" The first thing she wouldn't know whether I was kidding or whether I wasn't. And you don't go that way to make a confession to your fellow man or God. You go with the depths of sincerity, with godly sorrow for your sin. First, you must be sorry. I must tell her, "Sweetheart, come here. It may mean the rest of our married. It may brother says, "Sweetheart, come here." It may mean the rest of our married life. The woman that I live with, that's my sweetheart. How I've longed loved you all these years, but now you may leave me from this. You may not stay with me. You may not accept me. And I'm knowing of that. But yet, to make it right, I got to get it right. I got to tell her with the depths of my heart. Then I've got to tell God the same way. and tell both her and God with the sincerity that I'll never do it again by the grace of God. See, now I may be able to pull it over her and she won't see it. Rather's going to say, "But I couldn't pull it over God. He sees it all." Wonder if you'd bow your heads with me, every eye closed just as we close this Wednesday night sermon out. You know, this is just the way the Lord so burned this upon my heart. Give no place to the devil. Don't let him hide. He's a snake. He's a thief. He's an intruder. And he'll let you live your life, have your home, have your worship, have your church, and sit there and hide in that place of your heart and keep you from that thing that you so desperately need the Lord. Let me just say to you, friend, my brother, my sister, it's first got to start here. We want to restored Eden. We want to take back Eden. We want to take back that place that God intended to be sacred. God intended to be holy. God intended to be a place of protection, a symbol of of everything God wanted for our home, our lives, our families. But just as he gave Adam a garden to tend, he gives all of us a garden to watch over. Amen. Watch over. Not just physically, but spiritually. Guard your heart. Guard your confession. Guard your thoughts. Guard your homes. [Music] That's why the Bible says he told man to tend it and to keep it, to watch over it, to protect it, not giving the devil a place. I'll give you the chance now, every head bowed, every eye closed, to say, "Lord, if I've given the place to the devil in any place of my life, [Music] if I've given him a spot, a habitat to live in my mind, to live in my spirit, to live in my heart, that black shadow that maybe I've given place to, but I Lord tonight I want to be free of that. God bless those hands up everywhere. My hands up to say Lord I want to I want to evict the intruder tonight. I want to eradicate I don't want him to have any place over my home, my family, my children. I don't want him to have any sway, Lord, but today I want to confess my faults. James says one to another. Pray that you may be healed. Brother Adam says, "I wonder if so many times we're not healed because of that." And that woman wanted it so bad. She wanted deliverance. She wanted God to deliver her of that psycho neurosis condition. had no peace, but she didn't need deliverance. First, before deliverance, she needed God to come and restore the covenant that she made in her life. And I just want to say, Lord, if there's anything before I ever ask for any gift, for any pleasure, for any anything, Lord God, first God, let me first restore. Let me make sure there's nothing between my soul and my savior. Let the light of of the gospel shine so deep within me, God, exposing sin. God, if I need to make it right, then let me be brave enough. Lord, let me know that beyond any beyond anything, Lord Jesus, there's healing. There's hope. There's restoration. There's harmony. Beyond repentance is restoration. You got to reclaim Eden. Friends, you got to expose the snake in your garden. Give no place to the devil, but expose him. Drive him out. Guard that place of Eden that God's given you by the token, that place of harmony in your home. Protect it. Don't let any foul, any foul spirit come in that home. But say, "God, let me cleanse it. Make it a holy place. Make it a habitation where you could dwell." How could we friends expect God to answer our prayers if we haven't done the very first works, the very most simple things? If we give place to the devil, how can we expect his protection? How can we expect his deliverance? How can we expect his blessing? [Music] Lord Jesus, Lord, I bow my head tonight knowing, Lord, even before I preach this sermon, you were so heavy upon my heart. I don't mean it, Lord, in some negative way. I don't I don't mean it in some, Lord, some discouraging way. You know, with all of my heart, Lord, I believe with all of my heart that there's healing waiting. There's deliverance waiting. But it's got to start here for us to have Eden. It must start here. I pray Lord if there'd be any rooe of bitterness, any root of jealousy, any root of malice, any root of hatred, any any root of Lord of envy or strife. Many times, Lord, families are locked and situations are locked in homes and children and mothers and fathers and wives and husbands and praying and beating the altar. And I wonder so many times, Lord, if we don't scream and scream at demons and scream at devils, and all the while they got a right to sit there, all the while they got a right just to harm us and haunt us until we humble ourselves under the mighty hand of God and ask for forgiveness when it's hard. Forgive others when it's hard. Look past and move on as look and live. Look to that look to that perfect sacrifice who bled and died for us and was made guilty. Wasn't guilty. No guilt upon you, Lord. But you became sin. Grant it, Lord Jesus, to our families. Grant it to our homes. Grant it to our church. Friends, I wonder if you'd just raise a hand and say, "Lord, I want Eden. I want it for my home. I want it for my marriage. I want it for my children. I want it." Oh, hands up all over the building. I want it for my church. I want to for Lord in every situation I want a restored I believe a restored Eden has begun and I believe it's my inheritance as a son or daughter of God. I do not have to live under the curse of a of a of a spirit. I don't have to live under that dark shadow. So why would I why would I allow myself to go another day under his control or his influence when I got the Holy Spirit? I got the the enforcer of the word of God ready to bring healing. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. [Music] Thank you, Jesus. Thank you for your word. Oh, could we just raise our hands here for a moment before I have you gather? Just thank him here just for a moment. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you for your word. Thank you for a promise, Lord. Thank you that you don't just let it stay in ruin. Oh, but you want to restore. You want to rebuild. You want to start at the beginning. You want to go back to the first love. You want to go back to the first works, God. Because you know if we'll get it right there at the beginning. As brother Brandham said, where'd you where's God? Wherever you left him. Go back to where you left him. You want the power of God? Go back to where you left him. Samson, you want the power of God to answer your prayers? Go back to the do the first works again. Go back to the first place. Oh, he'll be there. He's faithful. He always is. He's always faithful. He's true. He's always just. He's always kind and never turn away. The Bible says a broken and contrite spirit. And he'll never know why turn away. He won't can't cast. He's close to the brokenhearted, close to those who are contrite. And God can do it. God can do it. God can fight your battles. The ones that you can't win, God can win them. God can win them. But you got to let it go. You got to let God let it be. The more that I surrender, could you sing it, Brother Tony? The more that I surrender, the lighter my load. The more that I release my cares, the more he takes control. Let's sing it together now. The more that I surrender, the lighter my Lord, the lighter my Lord. Yes, Jesus. The more that I release my cares, the more he takes control. Oh yes, Jesus. The more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. Yes. And every day highly. Lord, I love you. Lord, I love. Could you sing a verse for the Let's sing a verse together now. And it gets easier to understand this road I'm traveling down. No more wondering away. Thank you, Lord. I'm standing on solid ground. Oh, I know. Now I know what I'm The voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I more than I surrender. More than I surrender. I my Lord I release my care lift me up me and every day I live. Lord, I love you. Sing the verse now. The second verse. The problems I had on yesterday are stepping stones to a higher place. Those trials that seem so awome. Thank you, Jesus. victory. No one can hear your heart. I hear your [Applause] Surrender. Surren my boy. I release my care. I release my he takes control. He takes control. I humble myself. I can humble myself. Lord, lift me up and every day I live. Lord, more than I see, the more that I surrender, the lighter my [Music] release my car, the more retain control. Oh, I can hle my lift me up and every day Lord. We'll keep you there tonight. Brother Luther says, "Pray request for Wednesday evening. Ty Heth, my oldest daughter's father-in-law, has been unable to work for six weeks. The doctors say he has severe tendinitis in his wrist and his arms. We want to pray for that tonight. Tai Heth is his name. Please continue to pray for brother JD and the services being held in Egypt. The Lord is doing great things and Satan is fighting hard against the word. We got some reports of that. I mean, the devil fighting our brother, trying to stop services and give him afflictions. But mean, we're going to we're going to let prayer change things. Amen. Sister Angie Heth, we appreciate your prayer during our crazy time of life. God is answering in his special ways. My daughter Caitlyn has had severe chest pains this last month and it's been worse the last few days accompanied by erratic and high blood pressure. The nurse said she felt like Caitlyn had a heart attack. They're watching her now. My goodness. want to be remembering a daughter of Sister um Angie Heth, Sister Caitlyn Heth, Sister Hope Quick. Please pray for Denise Sers, the mother of Sister Joanne's neighbor in San Diego. She had to visit the emergency room with kidney issues. The Lord recently uh healed her of stage 4 cancer. So, we know that he is more than able. Um so, we know that he's more than able and willing. Satan is a liar. And we stand by faith. We stand by our faith in God's promise. Uh, Sister Kathy Guest, this is not old. Somebody help me out. These are these are new, right? Want to make sure I got this note that's updated. We didn't read these last Wednesday, did we? Okay, good. Want to make sure. Sister Kathy Guest, remember our granddaughter Tiffany? She has been depressed for a while. Just sits at home and doesn't work or go to places much. She's not a Christian. Pray for her salvation. Also, she uh she was energetic and worked really hard. My believe God can change that. Amen. Sister Phyllis Vel, I have a special unspoken prayer request tonight. I wonder if you might have a need, maybe something unspoken you just want to identify that. Just raise a hand to the Lord. Say, "Lord, here's my need." Why don't you put your arm over, your hand over on that person who's beside you. Let's just call out to the Lord for these special needs. Lord Jesus. Father, you see these different requests, Lord, that we have, Brother Luther's request, Lord, for Tyth. And we called it out, Lord. Brother JD there in Egypt. We called out his name, Lord God. We're bringing him before your throne. The daughter of Sister Angie, Sister Caitlyn Heath, Lord. Father, you see the doctors thinking she's had a heart attack. We call her out, Lord God. We bring that need before your throne. Now, Sister Hope puts in the request for Denise Sers. Lord God, we've already watched what you can do. So, we know that you're able and you're willing, Lord. This granddaughter of Sister Kathy Guest, Lord God, Tiffany wanting, Lord, to see her live and thrive again. But that spirit depression and anxiety has just stunted her, Lord, and stopped her. Above all that, God, she wants to see her saved. What greater thing, Lord God, than you can do for a person than to save them from their sins? For Sister Phyllis with the unspoken. All these hands, Lord God, that my hands are up now. You know, I need you, Lord. Father, I need you to move. And I just present my request before you right now. I just want to say, Lord, I believe you're greater than all of these requests. I believe your word and your promises are yay and amen. We stand upon them here tonight as a family of God, hand in hand, arm in arm, believing God, that we can bind every spirit. You told us that, Lord God, whatsoever you bind on earth, it'll be bound in heaven. Whatsoever you loose. So God, we just loose the Holy Ghost right now upon each and every single one of these requests. May you do what your word says, Lord. And that's the exceedingly abundantly above all that we could hope or think or ask. Lord, even beyond our Lord, of what we would expect, God, you move in unexpected ways. I pray, Lord, that you'd meet the need of every hand, every heart, God, that stands here before you on this Wednesday night, Lord, this prayer service. We believe that you'll do great things amongst us. We believe you want to do great things amongst us, Lord. and we just identify with an uplifted hand and say, "Lord, I want you to move, God. Move in my heart. Move in my home. Move, Lord God, on the behalf of my request." We need you, Lord Jesus. We just want to say also, Lord, we love you with all of our hearts, God. We believe you now more than we've ever believed you before. We stand upon your promises in a world that's faithless, in a in a society, Lord, that's rejected you. But here's a heart, oh God, that gives you place. If your word says give no place to the devil, Lord, then we won't. But I just want to say I want to give place to you, Lord. I want to give seed. Give a fertile bedding ground. Oh, how many hearts want to do that? Say, Lord, I want to give place to the Lord. I want to give him a place to work and to do the outworkings of his plan in my life. Make my soil a bedding ground for the word. The seed which is Lord, your word, the Bible says, is a seed. Let it grow in our hearts, oh God, from the front door to the back door. Help us, Jesus. I pray as a church, help us, Lord God. Help our families. Help our young. Help our youth. Help our old. Lord God, we need you now. I pray that you do it, Lord, in Jesus' name. Amen. You love him tonight. Amen. Do you love him tonight? How many just want to tell him? Say, Lord, I love you with all of my heart, all of my soul, all of my mind. Lord. Amen. We're going to sing it just before we're dismissed. Brother Tony, go in the fear of God. We'll see you Sunday morning, Lord willing. Whatever you got, it's fine. More that I surren. God bless you friends at your own leisure. The lighter my low. Yes. The more I release my care, the more he takes control, the more that I can humble myself, the more he lifts me up. And every day I live. Lord, I love you more, more than I surrender. [Music] Lighter my love [Music] more than I release my care more. He takes control. more that I humble myself, the more it lifts me up and every day. I love more and it gets easier to understand this road I'm traveling down. No more wondering or wavering. I'm standing on solid ground. Now I know I'm headed to my future home. The voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live. Lord I love you. Lord I surrender. Oh I surrender. [Music] I [Music] glor that I can humble myself me up and every day I Lord, I love Lord. [Music] The problems I had on yesterday are mere stepping stones to a higher place. Those trials that seem so awome to me are now my banners of victory. And I know I'm headed to my future home. The voice I hear is yours alone. Every day I live. Lord, I love you more. that I surrender my Release my hand. [Applause]
