################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-24 - 250824-Jason WatkinsFuture Events Becoming Clear In Prophecy Pt.11 - Jason Watkins.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-24
Title:    250824-Jason Watkins:Future Events Becoming Clear In Prophecy Pt.11
Speaker: Jason Watkins
Church:   Bethel Tabernacle
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 59m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mSXh9F9zVlU
========================================

Description:
Brother Jason Watkins ministers the Sunday morning service"Future Events Becoming Clear In Prophecy Pt.11 " On August 24th , 2025 We pray this service ministers and encourages you. 
#alivinggod #branham #messageofthehour #malachi4
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
me. Here I am. Here I stand. Lord, my life is in your hands. Lord, I long gain to see your desire revealed to me. I give myself away. I give myself away. So you can use me. I give myself way. Oh Lord, I give myself away so you can use me. Take my heart. Take my life [Music] as a living sacrifice. All my dreams and all all my plans, Lord. I place them in your hands. Let's get a Lord a wave offering through the building. Oh Lord, I give myself to you, Lord. I give myself away. So you can you give myself away, Lord. I give myself to you and you alone. I give myself away so you can I give myself away, Lord. I give you my all, my all. I give myself away so you can use me, Lord. Take my heart. Take my life as a living sacrifice. All my dreams, [Music] all my plans, Lord, I place them in your hands. I give myself away. Brother Jack, if you come and open the service this morning. Oh, I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. Oh, I give myself away to you. can use me. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's pray. Our heavenly father, Lord Jesus, we thank you, Lord, that we could be here, Lord, to worship you, Lord, in spirit and in truth. Oh God, may you come now, Lord, and take your service, Lord, and get all the glory, Lord. We commit everything into your hands, Lord. Come, Lord, and revive us again, Lord Jesus. Give us what we have need of, Lord. Touch the sick and needy, Lord. Anyone that needs a special touch, oh God, come down in our midst, oh Lord, and bless us once again. We pray in the lovely name of Jesus Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away so you can use me. My life is not my own. To you I belong. I give myself. I give myself to you. My life is not my own. Say you. &gt;&gt; Oh, I give myself I give myself to you. One more time. Say my life my life is not my own. To you. Oh, give myself give myself one more time. My life say my life is not my own to you. I belong. I give myself [Music] [Applause] &gt;&gt; one more time. My life. Lord is yours alone. &gt;&gt; Oh give myself I give myself to you. Sing my life. My life is not my own to you. Oh I give myself give myself one more time. Take my life. &gt;&gt; Oh Lord to you. &gt;&gt; Give myself I give myself to you. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. [Applause] Give me the key of F. I believe. Let the worshiper arise. Let the sons and daughters sing. I surrender my all. [Music] I surrender to the king. Let the worshiper, let the worshiper, oh let her eyes, let the sons and daughterers sing. I'm surrendering my all. I surrender to the king. Let's sing. Let the worshiper say. Let the worshiper arise. Let it rise. Let the sons and daughterers sing. [Music] I'm surrendering my all. Oh my all. I surrender to the king. Let a worshippers arise. Oh, let the worshipers. Sing it like you mean it this morning. Oh, [Music] sons and daughters sing. I'm surrendering my all. [Music] I surrender to the king. [Music] Father, I see that you are drawing a line in the sand. I want to be standing on your side, holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let it live in me. This is my prayer. This is my plea. Let the worshipers arise. Let the sons and daughters sing. &gt;&gt; I surrendering my own. &gt;&gt; Oh, I surrender. I surrender. &gt;&gt; Singing this morning. Let the worshiper arise. Arise on the Lord se [Music] I surrender my all. [Music] I surrender to the king. Let's give the Lord a hand. Amen. Amen. Amen. Jesy, [Music] joy. God's great joy. Joy, joy down in my soul. Sweet, beautiful, so saving joy. Oh joy, joy in my soul. If you sing it to me, sing joy. Sing joy. Oh, join down my soul sweet beautiful soul saving joy. Oh joy, joy in my soul. Sing it like you mean it. Sing joy. Sing joy. [Music] Oh, God's great joy, joy, joy down in my soul. Sweet, beautiful, soing, joy, oh joy, joy in my soul. Early in the morning before the break of day, I ask the Lord to make me whole. He holds me and the Lord he keeps me. Joy, joy, joy in my soul. Everybody sing joy. Joy. Let's put our hands together. God bring joy. Sing joy, joy down in my soul. Sweet, beautiful, soul saving. Joy, your joy, joy in my soul. When I getting weak and I can't go on. Feel like all my hope and joy is gone. Late in the midnight hour, I talk to my God and he gives me joy. Joy in my soul. Everybody sing joy. See joy. Sing God's great joy. Joy, joy down in my soul. Sweet, beautiful, soul saving joy. Oh joy, joy. One more time. Sing joy, joy, joy. God's great joy, joy, joy down in my soul. Sweet, beautiful, souls saving. Joy, oh joy, joy in my soul. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. A weapon may be formed, but it won't prosper [Music] when darkness falls, but it won't prevail. [Music] Cuz the God I serve knows only how to triumph. My God never fails. [Music] My God will never fail. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. In the mighty name of Jesus, [Music] every war he wages, he will win. I'm not backing down from any gi [Music] victory. I'm going to sing [Music] for the battle belongs to you, Lord. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. I'm going to see I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. [Music] For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Oh, I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. [Music] &gt;&gt; Turn it for good. &gt;&gt; Turn it for good. &gt;&gt; Turn it for good. &gt;&gt; You take it. [Music] One more time say you take [Music] you take what the enemy meant for evil and you turn it for good. You turn it for good. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory for the battle belongs to you, Lord. I'm going to see a victory. I'm going to see a victory. For the battle belongs to you, Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Won't you turn and just greet your brother and sister really quick? His brother Aaron comes and give us a song. Amen. Happy faces this morning in the Lord. Amen. Come on, brother Aaron. You may be seated. Amen. [Music] Let's give brother Aaron a hand. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] all throughout my history. Your faithfulness has walked beside me. The winter storms made way for spring. And every season from where I'm standing, I've seen the evidence of your goodness. All over my life. All over my life. I've seen your promises and fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. [Music] Help me remember when I'm weak. [Music] Fear will come. to feel. You lead my heart to victory. [Music] You are my strength and you always will be. I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. I seen your promises and fulfill them all over my life. All over my life, I seen the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. And I've seen your promises and fulfillment [Music] all over my life. All over my life. I've seen the cross, the empty grave. The evidence is endless. All my sins rolled away because of you. Oh Jesus. I've seen the cross, the empty grave. The evidence is endless. All my sins rolled away because of you. Oh Jesus. [Music] And I've seen the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. And I've seen your promises and fulfillment all over my life. all over my life. Won't you sing that with us? I've seen the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life, I've seen your promises and fulfillment all over my life. All over my life. Why should I fear? [Music] All the evidence is here. Why should I fear? All the evidence is here. [Music] [Applause] Amen. We're going to have brother Steve come and give us a song. Amen. Let's give him a hand. Amen. [Applause] [Music] Clear skies grew black as angry thunder rolled in. Smashing waves driven by a mad howling wind. One lonely vessel so close to home. One frantic captain barely keeping control. The lighthouse on the hill could have ended his plight. But its dim beacons glow hardly cut through the night. Though he strained, he could not see for the lack of some light. He heard the crack of the hole. The ship soon was full was the captain's last night. And all to the thanks of a lazy light keeper. The fire did burn, but it was only within. It did not reach out to the ones that were needy. [Music] Oh, it could not reach out for there was sto on the limb. [Music] One man a drift on life's troubled sea. I maintain this lighthouse and it's all up to me. [Music] Will my beacon shine [Music] through this darkened world of sin? Or will he like the captain [Music] soon see his end? Oh, I don't want to be a lazy light keeper. [Music] My fire does burn, but is it only within? Will it reach out to the ones that are needy? Oh, can it reach out? Or is there sod on my lens? Can it reach out or is there s on my limb? [Music] [Applause] I mean, it's ready for the word this morning, man. Let's stand D. Amazing grace shall always be my song of praise. For it was grace [Music] that bought my liberty. I don't know why [Music] Christ came to love me so. He looked beyond all my faults and saw my need. [Music] I shall for [Music] lift my eyes to Calary. me to view the cross where Jesus died for me. How far [Applause] gra my calling soul. He looked beyond [Music] all my faults and saw my needs. I shall I shall forever [Music] lift my eyes to Calary [Music] to view the cross where Jesus died for me. How wonderful [Applause] the grace that my falling soul. He looked beyond all my faults and all my needs. Amazing grace. Amazing grace shall always be my song of praise. [Music] For it was grace that bought my lid. mercy. [Music] Now I know why he came to love me so. He looked beyond all my faults and all my needs. I shall forever live my eyes to Calary [Music] to view the cross where Jesus died for me. [Music] How far gra my falling soul. &gt;&gt; Oh yes. He looked &gt;&gt; He looked &gt;&gt; thank God &gt;&gt; beyond all my faults &gt;&gt; and saw &gt;&gt; saw my need. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'd like to uh sometimes when I end that song, I'll say he looked beyond all my faults and saw a seed. Amen. I'm glad for that today. Aren't you glad for that? Today, God bless you. We greet you in the name of the Lord this morning. We're going to turn to the book of Joel um and um one of the little minor prophets there in the in the back end of the New Testament. Amen. Couple of books after Daniel if you're having trouble finding it. Amen. I imagine all the kids who grew up in Sunday school sing the song quickly in their head. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Um, while you're finding your place in the scripture, could I make just a quick announcement and then I have one prayer request also. Um, I want to just speak and I don't want to make a federal case out of it. Um, could we be careful about using our devices during service? I get that our teams run on that. You just saw me hand brother Anthony a device. I'm on a device. There's a lot of communication that goes on between the platform and the booth. There's communication sometimes that's going on between me and a minister or a deacon. Um, you know, and I get that and and I've talked to some of the teenagers say, "Well, I'm taking notes." And I get that. I take notes on an iPad. Uh, not typing. That's why I use this so that it doesn't look like I'm just typing. But, um, don't be doing that casually or recreationally or socially. Don't do that. Uh that be that'd probably be worse than chewing gum in the presence of the Holy Spirit. Do you know why the the brother Brandham said that we don't chew gum in church is because it offends the Holy Ghost? Because it looks to him like you're just a a snickler fritz as brother Brandon would say, just a sassy old teenager or adult. You know that you're unconcerned or you're you're taking the presence of the Lord casually and you're just sitting there chewing gum. And brother Bram said, 'D don't do that because that offends him. Otherwise, you know, you wouldn't you would never know that if it hadn't been for a prophet. That's not in you can't hardly find that. There's things in the Bible that you didn't do in the presence of a king or you get killed. So that's that is scriptural, but uh I don't know if they had chewing gum back in the days of the Bible, but I'm glad we had a prophet who spent a lot of time around the angel of the Lord and said, "Don't do that because it offends him." So, I would just imagine that in our 21st century, I know we are a connected age and I get that and and I understand that there's some proper usage of it. Sometimes you'll see officers or different ones um using that or maybe someone taking notes with their device. But, you know, you'll just be on the honor system. I'm not going to chase you down or send the deacon to tap you and go, "Hey, what are you doing?" So, but just remember there's an allseeing eye. Amen. Now, smile. Smile. Breathe. You'll be okay. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Um, I want to also give this prayer request that Sister Sharon sent in for Miss Sylvia, who she now cares for, that the Lord would banish the evil anxiety that torments her. You know, the Bible calls demons tormentors. &gt;&gt; Amen. That torments her even though she rebukes that anxiety. Well, she's doing a good thing. That's good. She also has a really bad arthritic arthritic arthritic pain that limits her mobility that she would like to be healed of. Well, praise the Lord. We'd like to see her healed of that. Amen. That's what the family of God's for. It's what prayer is for. Amen. So, I'm going to read just a a short a couple of verses. I'm gonna let you be seated. uh Joel 2 and we're going to look here at what Peter quoted on the day of Pentecost. When they asked him what's going on, they thought it was a bunch of drunk people. They they weren't completely wrong, but it wasn't drunk like they thought. Peter said, "And and it shall come to pass afterward that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh." This is what Peter was quoting. "And your sons and your daughters shall prophesy. Your old men shall dream dreams. Your young men shall see visions, and also upon the servants, and upon the handmmaids. In those days will I pour out my spirit, and I will show wonders in the heavens, and in the earth, blood, and fire, and pillars of smoke. The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood before the great and the terrible day of the Lord come. And it shall come to pass that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be delivered. Stop. You know why I said stop? Because that's where Peter stopped. Because the second part of the verse is forward. For in Mount Zion, now you're in Revelation 14:15. You have Mount Zion, you have Jerusalem, and you have the remnant. And you can see that at the end time, at the end of the tribulation, you have the remnant of the woman's seed. You have Zion, which is the bride. You have Jerusalem, which is God's 144,000. See, and you've got them all, but but this is for the end times. So Peter is stopping right there to say what you're seeing right now, that's coming, but what you're seeing right now, I need to stop right here and not go to that. See? All right, let's pray. Father, we thank you for your word today and we're asking for your great blessing upon it. Lord, we trust you now to bring forth the words of life to us that we are in such need of. And Lord, it's such a shaking hour in such a dark world, such a poisonous time. We scarcely can miss a moment to receive from you. And I I pray for uh for those who aren't able to be here today, for those who chose not to be here today, Lord, that you would help them anyway, Lord God, go forward in a mighty way, Lord, and and and help those, especially those who would like to have been here and for reasons couldn't be. Uh but Lord, we know that the devil uh draws many aside and we've been preaching along those lines and he's just always busy, Lord. So, we pray against him. We preach against him. We take a stand for your word today. Now, I'm asking for this uh sincere request from Sister Sharon concerning the elderly lady she lives in with now. Lord, that you'd be merciful to her. She's trying to rebuke that anxiety. Would you help her, Lord? Would you quicken her faith? The right mental attitude toward a promise will bring it to pass. Would you give her that perfect faith, Lord, to believe it as she says it? Father, may it come to pass that she would be healed, that you would touch her in this arthritis. Lord, she has a desire to be healed and you have a desire to heal. So, we bring these two things together, Lord, and ask for your mercy in Jesus' name. Amen. God bless you, friends. You can be seated. Amen. My daughter-in-law put that there in case the um song leaders I forgot to bring me some, but there's there wasn't any back there I noticed. So, I just uh decided to break out the spare today. Praise the Lord. Is that all right? Now, this mean I can I've got all this this is time. This equals time. Amen. I don't need an alarm. I I have I have a clock. All right. Amen. Praise the Lord. So, don't don't be saying, "Please drink that last bit." Amen. I want to look today in our 11th installment of the of the u future events coming to pass becoming and uh future events in prophecy that we are becoming those future events. We've taught on that quite extensively and I'm going to really um invite you just to stay with me very close. Zoe honey just uh be ready. Let's put that um verse 27 back up again, sweetheart. um verse 27 of where we were in Joel and then I'll be ready to go to Isaiah 59. Sorry to switch that up on you. And so I want you just to give me your undivided attention for a little bit and I I'll I know I'm going to go for sure to a certain part and if I have time I would like to carry on and we'll just see. We'll see what the Lord if that if I'm not able to do it then I'm determined to do it this Wednesday. Amen. We'll be out of town next weekend. Uh, brother Matt and I are ministering meetings there. Labor Day meetings in Texas with Brother David McGary. So, you be keeping us in prayer, please. And we looked at verse 27. And ye shall uh or excuse me, wait a minute. I'm sorry. Uh, yeah, we we didn't read 27. That's what we're going to read. Actually, Zoe, let's go to 23, sweetheart. Uh, verse 23. Amen. For those of you all online, that's my granddaughter. Sorry. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. I have to be careful. Amen. Might have to make you come up here and stand beside me, Z, and introduce you. Now, I want you to look. Now, the reason I wanted to start at verse 23 is because so often we just jump right to Peter's where Peter went in verse 28. and he went down through 28 and he went down through 29 and 30 and 31 and he went into 32 and paused. But I want to look then at verse 23 because I want you to see this prophecy as a whole prophecy that is spread over more than just what was happening in Jerusalem at Pentecost. You got me? So Joel Joel 2 is more in fact is it's far more by by far it's more than just what happened. It includes what happened when the Jubilee came in the upper room. The long awaited Jubilee that they had waited for a long time and that came in the upper room. But now I want you to look at the prophecy from a higher altitude. Verse 23. Be glad then you children of Zion. Zion is always the bride. Brother Brandham has taught us. And rejoice in the Lord your God. For he hath given you the former rain moderately. And he will cause to come down for you the rain, the former rain and the latter rain in the first month. And the floors. Look at look at the result. when the former and latter reign fall together in the same month because this is a prophecy of the end time. Brother Brandham makes that very clear in his message, the former and latter reign. And then he he he he thinks at that time and I think 60 that that even his healing revival and campaign, you know, the commission that the angel gave him that that's the latter reign. Brother Brandon would later um um focus that to understand, excuse me, that the latter reign would be when the opening of the word and the seals were open and the mysteries were revealed and what had been in the alpha was now to be repeated in the omega. So you're you're and you're reading it upside down because you're reading about what's happening at the end time. And then Peter comes out and backs up and now you're back at the beginning of the church and he says, "Oh, this is Joel's prophecy." But but like all prophecy, you can't read it always linearly like you'd read a newspaper. When you go in the book of Revelation, you'll find that a prophecy comes here and then three or four chapters later, another thing will be happening here, but in time it happened way over here prior. And so it's it's not chronologically set like that. And here's a perfect example. You're going to have former reign. You're going to have latter reign. But at the end time, it would be the former and latter reign reigning together. And it would be a message to the bride. &gt;&gt; Right? All right. So don't think linearly. All right? So So and the here's the result. Here's what will happen. Let me just say it like this. Here's what will happen in the at the end time when the former and latter rain fall in the same month, and the floors shall be full of wheat, and the fats shall overflow with wine and oil. And I will restore to you the years, this is all the years that the locust hath eaten. See, now you're going to see something go through seven church ages. and and and and those first four ages, it's going to go all the way into a dark age, a thousand-year dark age. And in the last three, the last three ages are going to cradle a restoration. All right. Now, watch. all the years that the locust hath eaten, the cankerworm, and the caterpillar, and the palmer worm, my great army, which I which I sent among you, and ye shall eat in plenty, and be satisfied, and praise the name of the Lord your God, that hath dealt wondrously with you, and my people shall never be ashamed." So, you you say, "Well, wait a minute. You know, I I thought that the, you know, when he's talking about he's going to restore uh from this great army, he's going to restore the locust and, you know, and the cankerworm, the caterpillar, and all this, but we've already had, you know, that under Luther's day. Well, you had in Luther's day a seal partially open. Partially, just cracked open. And brother Brandham used the term it partially opened and a mystery dropped down and a messenger which was Luther caught it and ran with it. But what Luther understood about justification is not you're not limited to his limited understanding. Luther understood the just shall live by his faith. But at the end time when the former and latter reign come together in the same month and the seven seals are open, you find out something Luther never touched on is that is that you are now justified as though you never did it in the first place. So whether it was Luther's ministry, Wesley's ministry, the Isuza revivalist fathers, whether it was that ministry which was a product of the open door that the Isuza revival was not a product of the seventh seal opening, wasn't open at that time. The the Isuza revival, which we call Pentecost, that because they called themselves that. somewhat of a misnomer because Pentecost was an experience, not a denomination. And in fact is they didn't even have the fully restored word. However, brother Brandham used that term. I'll use that term out of courtesy. But we realize brother Brandon would turn around and say, "Now, you cannot mix Pentecost with this message." And people somehow have mistakenly thought that he's saying, "I can't mix what happened in the upper room with the opening of the seals. The opening of the seals was the complete token restoration abstract title deed restoration of what fell in the upper room. &gt;&gt; So what what you can't mix with the message is the remnants of the Isuza revival and what that became. It became denominationalism and man-made theory and it became just a circus to today. So, so we we've got to keep all of this straight. So, now I want to say this to you at the time when the former and latter rain are falling together in the in the same month at the end time. I know the world is dark and I know the world is sad, but we overflow with wine and oil. I know that the world is in fear. I know that the world is in trouble, but I'm here to tell you something. We shall uh our floor shall be full of wheat. &gt;&gt; See, and so and he and he would go on to say, watch this now. And ye shall eat in plenty. You're How do you How do you reconcile that there's a people who will eat in plenty, whose floors will be full, whose whose vats are overflowing with oil and wine, and their floors are full of wheat, and they're eating in plenty. And and and verse 26, and be satisfied and praise. And that's all going to happen in the day when the when another prophecy says it'll be a famine for hearing the word of God. I'm here to tell you something, friends. You have been called into a mystery that the world can't see, touch, or experience. And you are so privileged today because while the world is in a famine for not a famine of the word, a famine for hearing the word. See, blessed are your eyes, for they see. &gt;&gt; Your ears that they hear. Many have desired to see and hear, the Bible says, and it's not, it wasn't even granted to them. Even angels have looked through the ages looked steadily on at this day, and they looked at the mysteries, and they knew what was coming to to to a degree in the future. And they looked in there and even prophets of old, the Bible says they looked in there earnestly trying to understand what does all this mean? And the Bible Paul said, but it wasn't granted to them what it what they were told was it wouldn't actually be in their day, but it would be in the end time. And that's this time and that's your day. &gt;&gt; And you are feasting on that which great prophets and sages and even angels have desired to look into. Dare we take it lightly? Dare we take it casually? &gt;&gt; Dare we not follow its precepts? &gt;&gt; It's the greatest event. It's the event. It's the finishing move. It's everything God has built for 6,000 years to get to this time. Oh my. And you shall eat in plenty. Verse 26. and you'll and and you'll be satisfied and you'll praise the name of the Lord your God that hath dealt wondrously with you and my people shall never be ashamed. Now look at this verse 27. And ye shall know that I am in the midst of Israel and that I secondly and that I am the Lord your God and none else and my people shall never be ashamed. See, so now he's coming and he comes on down. We read verse 28, 29, 30, 31. We went into 32. And it shall come to pass that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be delivered. For in Mount Zion and in Jerusalem shall be deliverance, as the Lord hath said in the a and in the remnant whom the Lord shall call. I want you to know something, friends. You just read the end of the matter. I don't care what's happening in your life. That's the end of it. I don't care what the devil has done to you, how much he's broke your heart. I don't care how much you feel how much you feel like you've lost. I like you've lost. I don't care how beat don't care how beat down you feel. I down you feel. I read the last line and read the last line and Zion is going to Zion is going to rejoice rejoice &gt;&gt; and it's already set and has to come to &gt;&gt; and it's already set and has to come to pass. pass. Now, you just give me some Now, you just give me some pastoral privilege here for a moment. pastoral privilege here for a moment. I got to I'm responsible to those the I got to I'm responsible to those the Lord has committed to me. I don't care Lord has committed to me. There are some some ministry and some people who sit under ministry who squirm and you can see they get very uncomfortable at the idea of the dynamic experience of the upper room whenever it's brought up. But I would just say to my fellow brethren and saints of God, that is a deeply misplaced fear. You know, Peter say, "Well, why why is it why why can you be so settled?" Because Peter settled the question by tying the upper room experience to Joel's prophecy. You understand? So now so so but but but but but when we take a look at the entire prophecy from 20:es 23-32 then you look at when these events are mainly to be had. What what events? When the floors are full of wheat and the vats are overflowing. Amen. And the people are eating and being satisfied. And they're praising God. And his presence is in the midst. And your sons and daughters shall prophesy. And your young men see visions. And your old men dream dreams. And I'll do this. And I'll have signs and this sign and that sign and that sign. And people are afraid of that. They get all nervous about, oh, we're trying to take us back to some emotional state. There's nothing about that that's emotional. It's supernatural. It's a prophecy and it's supposed to be happening and we're supposed to be rejoicing in it. &gt;&gt; My goodness. Not afraid of it. &gt;&gt; I wonder sometimes if they actually read their Bible or they just take snippets of it. So when you look at these events in the very unique day when the former and latter rain were to fall together, it's at the end time. Y &gt;&gt; and all of those prophecies about the wheat being floors being full, the vats overflowing, the presence of God among them, that all is is what happens. And that's that's in the prophecy prior to what Peter quotes. Peter's just simply saying this is that this is the beginning of Joel's prophecy. Now, they don't have an idea about ages going, but God knew about it. And you were in his mind, and your names were in a book. And there was always going to be seven stars in his right hand. And there was always going to be seven spirits. And there was always going to be a people at the end time who would be alive and remain when his presence came among us. So I would say it's even more so than at the upper room on the day of Pentecost. Can I say it like that? We should be looking for more than more more even greater than what they had. And brother Brandham identified that we actually had the power of Genesis back which you don't find in the book of Acts. You find it in Genesis when God said, "Let there be." And a prophet said, "Let there be." And that had not been said. See? So, we've been showing you that there's nothing that we teach that is that is contrary to what Paul taught. You understand? And we don't dare suggest that we have a greater revelation than Paul. I don't even suggest William and Brandham had a greater revelation than Paul. I simply am saying that we have events in this day that fit the prophecy that it wasn't time for those events. They did not have that prophecy fulfilled or Peter would have identified it. &gt;&gt; But he didn't he didn't start back at verse 23 and come forward and he didn't even go all the way through the end of 32 because that's the judgment after the judgment. Is this making sense? Yeah. So, it's even more so. I would say we have a more unique day than they had in the upper room on the day of Pentecost because we have we have all these other things. Now, Jesus said, "When you see this," and brother Brandham pointed us to his exact language. He said, "When you see this and all these other things." So they had the day when one stone would not be left upon another, but they didn't they and they and they had the beginning of the Antichrist spirit. But but to say that they had the full complete problem that we face today where there's many false Christs and many false prophets and deceiving many that that that's a that's a unique hour that you and I face today. But I'm here I'm glad to tell you that I'm not pulling away from Joel's prophecy. I'm running toward it because that's the hour that identifies the presence of the Lord among us. And he says, "So, so, so I just I just want to keep going slow. So, because we have all these other things now, now we have we've had the wars and rumors of wars." He said, "You'd hear of, we've had the the the woes and the vials and trumpets and seals cracking open partially all through the ages." vials, trumpets, seals, all cracking open partially during the ages. And and as as it relates to the trumpets and seals, that's the ministry, I'm sorry, the trumpets and vials, that's the ministry of Moses and Elijah when it's in its fullness. You understand? That's that's the me the message they take to the Jews. Listen, friends, and I'm ahead of myself. I just want to say it like this. that we have had 60 plus years to grow out of babyhood. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So they, you know, everybody wants to who who's afraid of of these areas of of what happened that dynamic experience. Oh my goodness, get nervous. Tighten up. What are you going to What are you You're about to go emotional on me. You're you're chasing sensations. You know, Brother Brandham said you can't you can't show these things to Pentecostal babies. Excuse me. We're not Pentecostal babies. &gt;&gt; We have been six decades, longer than six decades with the opening of the word. We're not Pentecostal babies. What are you afraid of? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Let me tell you something, friends. God, you say, "Well, why couldn't we go in the in the rapture?" You know, when the seals first broke, we all wanted, they all wanted to. My mom and dad wanted to. All All the grown people wanted to. Brother Brandham wanted to. But God had but the bride was just an infant bride at that time and she had to grow and she had to mature. And I understand we had this camp and that camp and this camp and that camp. That's what teenage girls do. They get stinky and they get they get they get, you know, territorial and drives drives junior high boys crazy. What What are these girls? What's wrong with them? and and and and and I feel sorry for the girl because she's going through those hormonal changes and if she doesn't have really good parents and a really good strong presence of God in her life, she'll become what brother Brandham called a snickler fritz. Now, I'm using teenage girls. Teenage boys lose their mind as well, but I'm using girls because the church is a female. &gt;&gt; You understand? So, I'm I'm simply saying that we went through that time and I understand we fought over this camp and that camp and this nonsense and that nonsense, but that's what teenies do. But we're not that anymore. &gt;&gt; We are the mature bride of Christ. The the former and latter rain is among us. The floors are full of wheat. The vats are full of oil. The presence of the Lord is here. And the people are rejoicing and they're praising and their their their faith is rising. &gt;&gt; Amen. We're not trying to capture some babyhood. We're not that anymore. &gt;&gt; So, so, so we have all the other things that Jesus spoke of that Jesus foretold and other prophecies in the book of Revelation that were not understood even in the ages. See, and I I really want to I really want to underscore and I keep saying and I'm going to say it one more time at least. This was how according to verse 27, this is it's it's what Peter was about to attach that God was saying, this is how you'll know I'm in your midst. You'll know I'm present in verse 27. And ye shall know that I am in the midst of Israel and that I am the Lord your God and none else. You're going to know when the former and latter rain fall together in the same month. When the token has returned, when the presence of God is among us, you're going to you're going to know that 33,000 different versions of the gospel are wrong. You're not going to have to be ashamed. You're not going to be embarrassed. You're not going to get caught holding the short end of the stick. We know whom we have believed &gt;&gt; and he lives in our lives and we know where we stand. And God has and will vindicate it every time. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; it's easy to prove his presence is in our midst. That's not difficult unless you're living a life unworthy of the gospel and living as we closed out last Wednesday and God finds you along the carnal edges every time he comes to visit you. See, so the early church not only didn't understand that there would even be a falling away, although Paul warned of that, uh they and they certainly didn't understand the ages that would go into a complete 1,000 years of darkness. Brother Brandham says God wouldn't let them know that. They didn't know about the falling away in the ages and the restoration. They read those same scriptures. They had the same book of Revelation and all the Old Testament prophets, but they didn't know how to make it put together. And Paul never explained it. You understand it? It was because it was it was held as a mystery for the end time. See th those were things that would have to go through seven contiguous ages and they would as they unfolded the manifestation became the interpretation. You understand? So when we had a prophet who come in this day and the seven seals were broken to him and he went back and put all of that history together, the seven seals, you know, didn't didn't it didn't all get created by a prophet. It only showed him what God had already been doing all along up to that point. &gt;&gt; And then brother Brandon began to understand what my ministry really is all about. See, so even the early church didn't have those prophetic events coming to pass in them to make its fulfillment complete. That day uh that day was not our unique day. Our day is unique in many respects of of prophecies that are being fulfilled at this end time. So that being the case, all right, that being the case, then it it's odd to me as a minister of the gospel, I find it curious that anyone would want to see these expressions of God's presence somehow tamped down in the minds of the people. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Expressions that identified his presence among us and the day when it would be the former and latter rain falling together in the same month. They would fall together at the end time to say and and and and and I'm being kind to say, you know, they're they're they're they're hesitant. They they and they they're always trying to tamp it down. tamp it down to say nothing of preaching it in a way that would somehow lessen our expectations or dare I say even squash it outright. &gt;&gt; I'm here to tell you something friends that's not where Bethl Tabernacle is positioned in our understanding. We are understanding that the presence and power of God is among us and the the abstract title deed has returned. The token is in full swing. We are the bride of Jesus Christ. We are marching to the step of the gospel. &gt;&gt; And we're looking for everything that happened in the upper room. Don't worry. Don't worry. We're not teenies. &gt;&gt; It's okay. We're not babies. We don't have to be in fear. That's what the devil wants us to do is be in fear. Oh, you're going to go back. You're going to become radical. And I'm not even saying that doesn't happen on it, you know. But I I love how Brother Matt puts it. Uh it's which is worse, the left ditch or the right ditch? I mean, they're both the ditch. And so, if I'm over here saying, "Oh, there's nothing to any of that. It's all emotional. It's all sensation." And then if you go over here and you crash into this ditch and it's just a wild a wild, you know, a wild party, a wild circus, and there's nothing based on the word and no lives are being changed and the Holy Ghost isn't coming in. I want to have the middle of the road. I know where I stand in the prophecy of the Bible. I'm not afraid of the ditches because I'm following the light. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I I get that we've came through babyhood. I get that. But what are we afraid of, friends? We're not trying We're not trying to mix the message with the remnants of the Isuza revival. We're not trying to do that. See, we're not trying to to to go over a cliff in some emotional sensational. But I'm here to tell you when I look at the prophecy, it includes praise. It includes joy. It includes full floors and full vats of oil. It includes your eating in plenty. It includes you being happy and rejoicing. &gt;&gt; So what's wrong with it if it's for us? when God came down on the mountain and in the in the Exodus. You still with me? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Can I still just go methodically? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; When God came down on the mountain during the first Exodus, that was uh boy, you're talking about an experience. The the whole it like an earthquake. The whole ground shook. the mountain caught on fire. This thing looked like a nuclear bomb went off right right out in front of them. And the people started backing away and and and when God came down and the people drew back in fear, Moses ran to them and said, "No, no, no, no, no. Don't go backwards. He wants to talk to you. Go forward." If I have a fear and I don't have a fear of seeing Joel's prophecy come to pass, if I do have a fear, it's that when I look at these of the first Exodus and I see a type and a parallel of us in the second ex and the third Exodus, my fear is when I look at how they they backed off and that they didn't want and brother Brandham breaks it all down, why they wanted a law that wasn't God's doing. He said that was the people's doing. That was their choice. The most rational thing. I I guess rational is a Kentucky way of saying irrational thing that they ever did. They they had a pillar of fire, the brass serpent. They had a prophet. They had thus sayeth the Lord. What you want with the law? But brother Brandham said they wanted they they they wanted to have a a certain part in it. And they didn't want the responsibility. This is what this is what makes brother Jason lose sleep at night is when I see people who are supposed to be believers name the name of the message but they really don't want the responsibility that goes along with living in his presence cuz that's next level. See, there's a responsibility that goes along with living in his presence. When the presence of God was among them there in the Exodus, they didn't want that. That it was just just give us a law or or just give us a a code that we can follow. They they'd rather let somebody else do sincerity and dedication. Just give us a law. Just give me a list of dos and don'ts. I don't I'll just let somebody else handle the sincerity, the spirituality, the closeness to God, and the real sold out, virtuous, dedicated life. I'll let somebody else do that. Just give me a a code I can keep. Tell me what kind of, you know, what kind of clothing I should wear, where I shouldn't go, what I should and shouldn't say, what I should and shouldn't have in my home. Give me some church order, and just leave me alone. And I'm all too happy to leave you alone. Believe me, I would gladly leave you alone. But I'm like a prophet who when he tried to leave everybody alone, he said it was like a fire shut up inside my bones and I could not stop prophesying. Although they were torturing him and hung him up in a in a in a in a cell, he said I I I kept preaching. I He didn't want to preach anymore. But he said it burned in me like a fire. And I I'm here to tell you something, friends. It's it's it's it's less, you know, I I I understand that people the human being looks to something that's less Can I can I just say it like this at the risk of hurting too many feelings, but I think to me what I hear them saying there in that first Exodus is it's less on me if I can just have a form of a believer while resisting the realities of it. And that's a burden that gets a pastor's attention real fast because I can see in prophecy what we're to expect, right? I can see in reality that it's come to pass. So here's the beauty of it. Wow, the word is true. Here it is. Now, where where because remember not all of the prophecy is things God was going to do. God was going to fill up their floors with food. He was going to fill up their vats with oil. He was He was going to live among them present. But it would be they who would praise and rejoice and be glad. It would be they who would acknowledge his presence among them and live that kind of a life that glorifies the presence of God. It's never been God pushing you through a pipe put pouring you into a mold, closing it, waiting for it to dry, open it up, pop you out, and look what a wonderful overcomer. There's things that God is not going to do for you. He sent you his word. He sent you his preachers. He sent you his prophets. He sent you the Holy Ghost. And brother Brandham said, "If you still won't believe it, there's nothing left for you but judgment." &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; Zoe, give me Isaiah 61. I got some time left. Let's Let's get this next one. I want to show you another example of what Peter did real quick. Isaiah 61:1-2, "The spirit of the Lord is upon me because the Lord hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek. He hath sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives." You'll you're familiar with this. Jesus turned to this when they handed him the scroll. You remember that, &gt;&gt; Bible readers, &gt;&gt; when he entered the entered the synagogue, they handed him the scroll for to read. And here's where he turned. All right. He hath sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison to them that are bound. Verse two, to proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord and the day of vengeance of our God to comfort all that mourn. Now, that's verses 1 and two. But when Jesus reads it in Luke 4, Luke 4:18-19, the spirit of the Lord is upon me because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor. This is out of Luke 4:18. He hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised. Verse 19, to preach the acceptable year of the Lord. Stop. Full stop. He didn't read the rest of Isaiah's prophecy. He broke it off in the middle of the verse like Peter did in Joel. See, brother Brandham says, Brother Brandham notes this seeming anomaly twice that I could find, especially there's other times where he talks about it, but in 1965, right, right near the end of his ministry. He comes in January 1965, and then in in July 1965, he brings it up again. And that's the last two entries I can find before he's called home. He says this, "In this day, the scriptur is fulfilled." Because he's using for a quote Luke 4 that you just read. He says, "And we know how peculiar the scripture reading was because he just took a portion of the first and second verse of Isaiah 61 1-2. But he read down this far where the spirit of the Lord is upon me to build up the brokenhearted, and to give to heal the sick, to open the blinded eyes, to preach the acceptable year of the Lord." And he stopped. For the next was to bring the judgment. The next was and the day of vengeance of our God to comfort all that mourn. Jesus didn't read that part. He said he stopped because that he stopped for the next was to bring judgment and that wasn't the stage of his ministry at that time. &gt;&gt; Yeah. See, so he goes on that would apply to his second coming, not his first coming. I don't know if I'll get to it today. There's a statement where brother Brandham points out that 80% of the ministry of Jesus when he was here on earth in the Gospels, 80% is a reference to his second coming. Not even his first one, not even Calvary, not even this the lamb of God being sacrificed. 80% of his ministry was relating to his second coming. How important are you? &gt;&gt; The you say I would love to have been one of the disciples with him. 80 only 20% even applied to them. 80% of everything he was saying they didn't understand and it was applying to you. You are the people of his of his second coming. You are the ones at the culmination of all the ages. So, so he says, "And so it applied to his his second coming, not his first coming." And he stopped and turned around and said, "This day, this scripture is fulfilled." Now, it's interesting when you're fulfilling scripture because brother Brandham would would later he would go to the message of um uh I think I said it of of um so he's oh what is it traction on the mountain in July 1965. So he's first here in February 65 and he's preaching using that scripture and he's showing why Jesus stopped and that's in this day the scriptur is fulfilled and he took his text from Luke's 4. Now when he comes back in July to what is the attraction on the mountain he doesn't go back to Luke 4 as his main text he goes to Jesus triumphal entry coming into Jerusalem you remember that and they threw their garments and they shouted hosana hosana which is which just means God save us and they wanted to make him a king and he's riding he's riding on a donkey and and and so what you find is is that and it and And it caught my attention that brother Brandham is using these two scriptures and in one where Jesus is saying, you know, I've read to you Isaiah's prophecy and this scripture today is fulfilled in your hearing. In other words, Jesus was identifying himself as a fulfillment of prophecy. That's one way that you fulfill prophecy. He identified himself as a fulfillment of prophecies right there in the synagogue. But when he goes months later and he's preaching what is attraction on the mountain and he's got Jesus riding down into the city, it's not just Jesus saying. It's not just words. Today this is fulfilled in your ears. Today you're hearing a fulfillment. But then when he's writing in, he's not just declaring and saying it's fulfilled. He's literally embodying the prophecy. He's now actually acting it out. He's riding on the back of a colt and he's actually embodying. You can you can you can say, "Oh, it's coming. It's coming. It's coming. The prophecy of this, the prophecy of that." But there would come a day when it had to hit and there had to be a people. And our message to the world is not just uh there's a message that has fulfilled prophecy. The our message is we are the fulfillment of prophecy. Our life is the measuring standard God will use to judge the world by. &gt;&gt; Maybe not what we manifest all the time, but what we are by the word in the mind of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; See? &gt;&gt; All right. Let's do it again. Now go backwards, Zoe, to Isaiah 59. Finally going to get you there. I got loads of time. Oh, yeah. I have lots of time. All right. Now, watch. Isaiah 59 verse one. And we're going to skip along, Z. So, just be ready, honey. We're I'm going to I'm going to jump some of these. Verse We'll get verse one and two and then we'll go to seven. Verse one. Behold, the Lord's hand is not shortened that it cannot save, neither his ear heavy that it cannot hear, but your iniquities have separated between you and your God. And your sins have hid his face from you that he will not hear. Now he goes on to describe it. Verse seven, their feet run to evil. They make haste to shed innocent blood. Sound like the day and hour we're living in. Their thoughts are the thoughts of iniquity. Wasting and destruction are in their paths. Now, I'm about to prove to you in a minute, you're reading end time sequence of events and you're living these words. And even even the church is now you've reached a point in prophecy not because William Brandham said it was so. William Brandham didn't make it so. He only looked at the prophecy and said this now is fulfilled in your ears. And he says the church is no longer the mouthpiece of God. Because she has she has worshiped another Christ. She's made God, Satan, the God of this evil age. And according to the Bible, Christ has been put out in the last age. He's been put out of his church. And you see him very sad, standing on the outside knocking. &gt;&gt; Now, he's not trying to get back in. He's knocking trying to get his children's attention to come out with him. &gt;&gt; See, because the message has come out of her, my people. So the only way you hear come up is if you're willing to hear come out. Because the church you're coming out of ain't going up. When brother Brandham saw the preview of the bride, it went off the edge and plunged into the abyss with screams. Only the sainted bunch of little girls ascended and went up. So we didn't create all of this. This is how this is what prophecy has declared. So he goes on verse eight showing more of our day. The way of peace they know not and there is no judgment in their goings. They have made them crooked paths. Whosoever go in there therein shall not know peace. Verse 12 Z. For our transgressions are multiplied before thee and our sins testify against us. For our transgressions are with us and as for our iniquities we know them. and transgressing and lying against the Lord and departing away from our God, speaking oppression and revolt, conceiving and uttering from the heart words of falsehood. I could stop on all of this. Talk about the day we live in. Verse 14, judgment is turned away backwards, and justice standeth a far off. For truth is fallen in the street, and equity cannot enter. Yay, truth faileth, and he that departeth from evil maketh himself a prey. And the Lord saw it and it displeased him that there was no judgment. So he's looking at the end time. Now I'm going to prove to you in a minute this is the end time. Just take my word for it right now. And he saw that there was no man and wondered that there was no intercessor. Therefore, I mean, how would the church have intercession if they've kicked the man, the intercessor out? If they put the intercessor out, there's no more intercession in there. &gt;&gt; You understand? So now there's no more winking at their ignorance. They require, God requires all men to now repent and come to the truth. That's what Paul said to the Jews in Acts 17. There was a time when he had let you sacrifice bulls and goats. And he winked at your ignorance. He deferred judgment because he knew the lamb was coming and he wouldn't destroy everything. He placed you in paradise. place the redeemed in paradise. But he was going to but Isaiah said he would lead out the captive and and set the captive free. And he did that. And so now he's saying and he saw that there was no man in wonder that there was no intercessor. Therefore his arm brought salvation unto him and his righteousness it sustained him. for he put on righteousness as a breastplate and a helmet of salvation upon his head. Now, it's not lost on me that right here, it goes in the middle of the verse, like we've seen in three other examples. It's not lost on me that it's going to do the same thing right in the middle of this 17th verse, and it's going to go from salvation to judgment. 17 again. For he put on righteousness as a breastplate and a helmet of salvation upon his head, and he put on the garments of vengeance. Well, which is it? Is it judgment or is it salvation? He put on the garments of vengeance for clothing and was clad with zeal as a cloak. According to their deeds, accordingly he will repay. My goodness, how did we get in the tribulation period? I know no one is saved in the tribulation period. How is he how is he clothing himself in righteousness and coming to save? And at the same time, he's coming in vengeance and to destroy. And he says, according to their deeds, accordingly he will repay for fury. Fury to his adversaries, recompense to his enemies, to the islands, he will repay recompense. But right between the going forth of the gospel coming by the Holy Ghost on the day of Pentecost and and and from there to the time that the bride is caught away before he comes in tribulation because that's where he's going to the 144,000 during the tribulation. We find that the that the ministry of the bride and Paul goes right back to put this. Notice what Jesus is saying. He says, "For righteousness." All right. Verse 16 again. He wandered and no intercessor. Therefore, his arm brought salvation on him and his righteousness sustained him. Put on righteousness, the breastplate and the helmet of salvation upon his head. When you look at Ephesians 6, give me Ephesians 6 as quick as you can, sweetie. Ephesians 6:12 to18. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefore take unto you the whole armor of God, that you may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all to stand, stand therefore, having your loins gird about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness, and your feet shut with the preparation of the gospel of peace, and above all the shield of faith. He says, "Wherein you shall be able to quench the fiery uh darts of the wicked, and take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the spirit, which is the word of God, praying always, and with all prayer and supplication of the spirit, and watching there under all perseverance and supplication, we can see that verse 17 is going is the going forth of Christ with he we when we read Isaiah 59, stay with me. When we're reading this prophecy of Isaiah 59, he's putting on the God the same thing Paul is saying we're putting on and he's going and and then he's going to go into judgment and tribulation. When it's judgment and tribulation, it's God himself pouring out that wrath. But between Pentecost and the going home of the bride, he's he's moving in prophecy through you, through me, where he's putting on righteousness. He's putting on his helmet of salvation and that's in his bride. &gt;&gt; And then he goes to tribulation period. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, so that and that's we've preached on that in Psalms 127. When the father who has his quiver full of loyal, honest, decent children, he can be happy when he's falsely accused. When the devil brings up every kind of accusation, the father has to go to court and the and the and the and they're going to judge the matter. Are you guilty of these things? Father don't have to open his mouth because his children will step forward and they will contend with the accusers and they'll say, "Look at our life. Our life testifies of this man. Our life of nobility. Our life of honesty. Our life we love God. Who do you think taught us that the father doesn't have to do anything? He can clothe himself with his bride &gt;&gt; and she can go forward." Oh, and then he goes on. See, so then he goes on, "So shall they fear the name of the Lord from the west and east and his glory from the rising of the sun." Now you're now you've went from God coming in his bride from Pentecost to the catching away. Then you went into the tribulation where he's pouring out his wrath. And now it's full on into the millennium. So they shall fear the name of the Lord from the west and his glory from the rising of the sun. When the enemy shall come in like a flood, the spirit of the Lord shall lift up a standard against him, and the redeemer shall come to Zion, and unto them that turn from transgression in Jacob, saith the Lord. As for me, this is my covenant with them, saith the Lord. My spirit that is upon thee, and my words which I have put in thy mouth shall not depart out of thy mouth, nor out of thy mouth of thy seed, nor out of the mouth of thy seeds seed, saith the Lord, from henceforth and forever. His covenant is with his people. It's with you and your seed and your seed seed living in a millennium. Why? Because you were willing here now to be the breastplate of righteousness. You were here now to to represent the zeal of the Lord as he went forth in salvation. &gt;&gt; Zoe, give me Isaiah 59, last verse. And get ready to carry on. We just read it. Here's the covenant. Just in case you're still not convinced, that's the last verse of of chapter 59. Now, translators put in chapters. Do you know what the next verse is in chapter 60? Give me 60 verse one, sweetie. Isaiah 60 and1. You're going to love this one. Come on, girlfriend. Arise, shine, for thy light is come and the glory of the Lord. You just read that in ver in chapter 59. The glory of the Lord is risen upon thee. Verse two, and king and behold the darkness shall cover the earth. See, this is the prophecy in whole. This a lot of times people just read a prophecy, they just catch little snippets of it. This is the whole thought chain. This is God and he's coming. For behold, darkness shall cover the earth. That's our day. Gross darkness the people. But the Lord shall arise. It's famine in the land, but our floors are full of wheat. The Lord shall arise upon thee, and his glory shall be seen upon thee. There's no intercessor. So God performs intercession through his bride. And you take a message of salvation to the world. Arise, shine, thy light has come. Amen. &gt;&gt; So don't go back and tell me I can't have the effects of the Jubilee when it's the Jubilee that identifies his presence that gives me the token and restores an abstract title and and adopts me as a son and places me in authority and power. And I got to go through seven ages without that. Are you kidding me? And I got to come to the darkest age in human history. And I don't have the upper room. Oh my goodness. Oh, carry me back to old Virginia. Lord, I want to go somewhere else besides here. I want to know that my redeemer liveth. I want to know that he's living inside of me. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham says now got 17 minutes. Brother Brandham says a strange thing is former and latter rain. Our Lord when he was here on earth, he taught more about his second coming. I told you I had this quote than he did is going away. Better than 80% of his talk was on his second coming. Not what was then his sacrifice and going away, but the second coming. He gave the people warnings. He said, "You hear of nation rise against nation, kingdom against kingdom. You heard of all these things, and this temple will be torn down. Not one stone left upon another. But that's not the end yet. Then right down at the end when you see the fig tree putting forth its buds and all the other trees. Likewise, when you see this, know that it's now at the door. And verily I say, this generation shall not pass until all be fulfilled. Closing. I might say this. Now remember that his job when he came down on the mountain was he was trying to talk to the people. His whole plan was to set up Israel as the as the leading nation of the earth. And God was going to give them a promised land that he built thousands of years before. Lots of people had occupied it. He was going to chase them all out. And he was going to establish that as the leading nation of the world so that the light of God's knowledge could spread in all directions and go around the world. That will be fulfilled in the millennium. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; You understand? That's why it's his headquarters. See? So, so we find then that when we when we come to terms with what we've heard today and we realize that these prophecies in Joel and these prophecies in Isaiah and you know and there's other places I could go to uh in Ezekiel and different places. This wasn't just isolated little things. These were whole multi-age, multi-generational covering multiple millennia prophecies that were unfolding down through time. And every time it was unfolding, it was God unfolding it through his people. That's what the Holy Ghost made the way for &gt;&gt; all through all 2,000 years of the church ages. See? So, brother Brandham says, "So now, hey, now you can remember. Now let it weigh upon you. Why I said at the beginning the burden of my heart is that when they saw that they didn't want to accept the responsibility of living like you're you're living like his presence is among you. Brother Brandham says that closing I might say this. The morning star will reflect the sun. Now I'm calling to you morning stars. Every one of you, if you're getting I thought that brother Steve to sing that song this morning when I had this quote ready. You're getting smutted up, your eyes dimmed out with the things of the world. Polish yourself, morning stars. Take the sin out of your life. This is why I've been preaching on sinful sin is brought on by sinful living. See, sin causes sinful living. Get polish yourself morning stars. Take the sin out of your life. Get the unbelief away from you that the son of God, his coming can reflect his presence. See? And so, Brother Brandham goes through that message, and I'm not going to take many more quotes, certainly not out of that one, but if you go back and you listen to that sermon that he's preaching here, um, former and latter reign in in 1916, and he starts talking about the darkness that's covering the world, the stripping off of women and their clothing, and the immorality that's on the streets. And he he he doesn't use this term, but he he later will call it this in the sixth sense because what happens is that sixth sense is a faith sense. And brother Brandham is warning the people, hear me now, but don't go don't go to Walmart yet. Hang on. Brother Brandham is warning the people in 1960 that that these are the things that dull your faith sense. And it's going to be so dark. You're going to need it. &gt;&gt; You're going to need it polished. You don't need it smutdded up. You need to get that stuff out of your life because you don't want to have the darkness dulling your sixth sense. &gt;&gt; Amen. Do we agree? Bethl tabernacle. He says here in choosing over bride, I still got a few minutes. I'm watching the clock. If we got a feel in our heart tonight that we should straighten up our lives and the things that we have done, let me advise you as a minister, brother, if you believe me to be God's prophet, you listen to what I've told you. If there's one little tinkle of feeling in your heart, you go to God right now. Stop just a minute, man. Look at your creeds that you serve. Look in the churches. It's just exactly what the word of God. See, it's they they've become everything the word said they would be. Uh a harlot mother and harlot daughters that have kicked Christ out. If they're everything the Bible said they would be. They're everything Jesus that Isaiah prophesied that we read. You read it with me in Isaiah 59. This is what would be going on on the streets and there would be no intercessor. So the Lord clothed himself with his people and went forward for salvation. Look into your churches. You say, "I'm a good man. So was Nicodemus. So was all the rest. They were fine. That don't have nothing to do with it." And women, I want you to look in the mirror and look what God requires a woman to do and see in God's mirror, not in your church mirror now, in God's mirror. And see if you could qualify in your life the spiritual bride of Jesus Christ. I think I read this last Wednesday in the rapture right before he's getting ready to leave the scene. When I was a child, I spake as a child. I thought as a child you act as a child, but now you grow older. Then you begin from making your first couple steps and toddle and fall and get up and try it again. Then you after a while you get so you can walk a straight line. And that's what we have to do as soldiers of the cross. Now is the time to walk a straight line right down that highway to glory. Now it's up to you whether you want to walk that highway. But can I just leave this with you? It leads to glory. &gt;&gt; It's up to you. He won't make you walk on it, but it leads to glory. &gt;&gt; I just say, "Lord God, help me get all the smuty out of my life. Help me get all the sin out of my life. Help me polish up because I I never realized so much until today that you have clothed yourself." And and the and the glory of Christ is his bride. and he put on a helmet of salvation and you put on a helmet of salvation and he's about to judge the world and the church can't help you. The church can't help you. It's going to take Christ in his word. That's the only area you're going to find intercession. So don't tell me we don't have Joel 2:28 anymore. Don't tell me we don't have If I've got Isaiah 60, I've got Isaiah 59. If I've got If I've got Joel 22 23- 27, then I've got 28, 29, 30, 31, half of 32. Don't tell me I don't have it. I have all of it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I'm not trying to make it happen. I'm trying to get all the gum out of my life. I'm not trying to break to work up a a thing. I'm trying to consecrate my life. I'm trying to polish myself so that God at his choosing in his way can operate his gifts through me, through you. And the greatest gift, friends, there's no greater gift that you could think of today than to be able to say, "Lord, when you clothe, when you put on your breastplate of righteousness, let that be me. When you stand up with me, when you put on your helmet of salvation, let that be me. I got family members that I want to see saved. Let me put on that same helmet of salvation. Let me have my feet shot with the preparation of the gospel of peace. Oh my. Can you imagine what it means to have God's preparation of peace in a world that knows nothing of that anymore. A world full of turmoil, chaos, fear, anxiety. and the psychiatrists are treating the psychiatrist and they they there's no I mean they're they're having to take extreme measures just for common to keep common law and order on the streets and you've got to employ military personnel with guns say are you against that I I think whatever has to happen to keep people safe ought to be done but I'm here to tell you something friends they can throw money at it they can hire armies it ain't going to matter God this world is passing away. You cannot stay here. It's passing away. I've showed you in prophecy. We've went several different places today. And I I have to confess I I didn't fully get I just feel to stop. I didn't fully get even to my burden. I'll carry on Wednesday night, the Lord willing, if the rapture don't come. But I I just want to offer you an opportunity right now. Bow your heads across the audience. Now, I've been preaching. I've taken two Wednesdays and really dealt with where the rubber meets the road in our lives. But friends, you can't just stand back and gaze at all these spectacular revelations and oo and ah and lick your lips and say, "Oh my goodness, we're the smartest people in the world. We know Bible prophecy better than anybody. We only know it because we've become it." But what what does it mean to you in your life when I have read you that that right at the coming right at the time when you would hear the term arise shine thy light has come right before you hear that you hear about the chaos in the world and then you hear about God's remedy that he's going to go forward and he's going to clothe himself he's going to use all he's going to Paul is going to tie together exactly what the bride was on the earth for you to say today Lord I want to be part of that number hands everywhere I want to be part of that number Lord I want all the smut out of my life I want to polish up Lord I want to polish my lens I want to be able that the reflection of the Holy Ghost can shine through me there's nothing else worth living for friends. There's nothing else that means anything after that. No matter what you ever achieve in life, hear me. Whatever you achieve in life equals nothing if you miss that. Reach the highest station. Be the emperor of the whole world. Be the richest man in ever. Live the longest as any human. But it all finally ends and you equal zero. Lord God, I want you. Oh, I raise up my hands today. I want to have a fresh dedication of my life, Lord. When I look at the prophecy as a whole, and I don't just pick at it and and pick and choose and isolate scriptures, but when I take the whole overview, I can see my my goodness, it's beautiful. What a plan. Who thought of this? It It would have took a God to come up with this. somebody who could come up with a plan like this and and and implement it over over multiple millennia, thousands of years, and it never missed a beat and hit right on the head. And and if that has hit right on the head, and I read about a people, I read it in the prophecy that there will be a people whose kingdom will never end. I want to be part of that kingdom, Lord. I want to be on that road that leads to glory. I pray today that you'll take this perhaps somewhat difficult to follow lesson. I tried to go slow. I tried to be as clear as possible. Used all my faculties, Lord. Humbled myself before you. I trust that the people are understanding of it. Lord, we don't nothing about today, nothing whatever was to push back at any other kind of a thought. It wasn't about that. I have a responsibility to this audience, Lord. And those who call me a shepherd, I have a responsibility. I'm trying to keep them in this greatest battle ever fought. And I'm trying to keep the enemy beat back. And I'm trying to keep them alive, Lord. Trying to present them to you on that day as trophies. They belong to you. They always have. I'm keenly aware of that. I pray you help me, help the leadership of this church, all the ministry team, all the officers, all the worship leaders and the musicians that participate in the worship. Lord, that was your prophecy. You'll have praises. You'll have worship. You'll have the presence. You'll have the power. You'll have all of that stuff working. That's what happened on the day of Pentecost. And now we've come down to the end time where finally at last all of Joel's prophecy can finally be completed. Not just a portion of it, but all of it. The day when you pour out your former and your latter reign together in the same month at the end time. Now Lord God, we can finish this race, finish up our assignment. You can call us home. Moses and Elijah will go and find the 144,000. They'll find Benjamin born in in your absence. We love you for that, Lord God. We commit it to you now. And all the hands that were raised, hands that raised up from sincere hearts who want to know you more, I commit it to you in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Shalom. Shalom. [Music] Peace and good morning. He's on the throne. Shalom. Shalom. Shalom. &gt;&gt; Shalom. [Music] We are almost home. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Shallow. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. Shalom. &gt;&gt; Let's sing this before we go. Now we'll give it your all. &gt;&gt; Peace and good morning. He's on the throne. Shalom. [Music] Shalom. &gt;&gt; We are home. &gt;&gt; We are almost home. Arise and shine. Arise and shine for thy light is come and the glory of the Lord has risen upon thee. rising on the shallow [Music] sh Oh, peace and good morning. He is on the throne. &gt;&gt; Shalom. Shalom. &gt;&gt; Do you believe it? &gt;&gt; We are almost home. One more time. For behold, behold the darkness shall cover the earth. That's our day and gross darkness the people. For the Lord shall arise his glory on thee. Shallow. &gt;&gt; Oh, come on, sing it now. &gt;&gt; Shallow. &gt;&gt; Give him a wave offering today. Come on, let's worship. &gt;&gt; Peace and good morning. &gt;&gt; Peace and good morning. &gt;&gt; Peace on the throne. Shalom. &gt;&gt; Yes, Lord. &gt;&gt; Shalom. [Music] We are all sh together shallow shallow. &gt;&gt; God bless you saints. You can be dismissed. Peace and good morning. He's on the throne. Shalom. Shalom. Shalom. We are almost home. Light of the world. Light. Light. Light of the world. You step down into darkness. Open my eyes. Let me see. [Music] Beauty that makes this heart adore you. Hope of a life spent with you. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. King of all days, oh so highly exalted, glorious in heaven above. [Music] Humbly you came to the earth you created. All for love's sake became poor. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. And I'll never know how much it costs to see my sins upon that cross. I'll never know how much it costs to see my sins upon that cross. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow
