################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - [2025-05-18pm] Witnesses Of The Resurrection Life  Br. Andrew Bohannon - Andrew Bohannon.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-18
Title:    [2025-05-18pm] Witnesses Of The Resurrection Life | Br. Andrew Bohannon
Speaker:  Andrew Bohannon
Church:   Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:     Easter Program
Duration: 2h 4m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DY1QL8qSowI
========================================

Description:
Witnesses Of The Resurrection Life  |  Br. Andrew Bohannon
Sunday Evening Service 
Christian Life Tabernacle
May 18th, 2025
Bedford, Texas

The church body of Christian Life Tabernacle began in 1978 when David McGeary moved to Texas from Arizona and began pastoring a small group of believers in Haltom City. Presently located in Bedford, Christian Life Tabernacle is a City set on a Hill in the middle of the Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area.

Christian Life strives to be a witness to the DFW area by proclaiming the Gospel of Jesus Christ that has been restored in its fullness by God through His servant William Marion Branham. As an angel messenger to the Gentile church age described in Revelation 3:14-22, this Prophet’s Message was supernaturally vindicated by God to be the Truth, and ministered an exodus from the creeds and doctrines of this Laodicean church world.

"Not for one moment do I bring a message to the people that they may follow me, or join my church, or start some fellowship and organization. I have never done that and will not do that now. I have no interest in those things, but I do have an interest in the things of God and people, and if I can accomplish just one thing I will be satisfied. That one thing is to see established a true spiritual relationship between God and men, wherein men become new creations in Christ, filled with His Spirit and live according to His Word. I would invite, plead and warn all to hear His voice at this time, and yield your lives completely to Him, even as I trust in my heart that I have given my all to Him. God bless you, and may His coming rejoice your heart." - William Branham
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Let's all stand and sing it. Amazing grace shall be my song of praise. Oh, it was grace [Music] th I do not know just why he came to love me so he looked beyond found my fault and he saw my need. I shall forever lay my eyes to Cal to view the cross where Jesus died for me. [Music] How blessed the grace that my falling soul. He looked beyond my fault and he saw my Oh, I made to grace that save me from that sin and shame to draw me [Music] Oh, and keep me by his side. Forever I sing. All praise and glory to his name. [Music] If not for him just command I surely would have died. Oh, I shall forever live my eyes to come for you to view the [Music] cross where Jesus died for me. [Music] all the grace that come my falling soul. He looked beyond my fault and is all I need. Oh, and how sweet it is to walk with him in this battle. For now I see the light of glory. [Music] Oh, soon I shall see his lovely face and he will sing. Oh well, my child come. Hallelujah. Oh, I shall forever live my life to come for [Music] you to build the cross where Jesus died for me. How marvelous the grace that come my falling [Music] soul beyond. Oh my father and his heart my hallelujah. Man just think about that tonight. Amen. If it had not been for his grace, looking over our mistakes and our faults and our failing, where would we have been? Amen. His grace looked through all of that, over all of that because he knew what he was trying to accomplish. Amen. But Israel, if you could just come and open our service in prayer. Amen. Let's pray. Uh dear heavening father, we thank you oh lord for this night oh lord Jesus to be in your house lord Jesus we came here oh lord for you and lord we want true tonight oh lord Jesus and lord a lot of your people a lot of your children came out tonight oh lord Jesus is so oh Lord Jesus that we can receive something from you oh lord Jesus and I pray oh lord at this time that you may minister to each heart, Lord Jesus, that as we're going to get to the end of this service, oh Lord Jesus, that we may go different than the way we came in. Oh Lord Jesus, be with us as I commit the rest of the entire service into your hands. Be with the song leader and be with the minister. Lord Jesus, I commit the rest of the service into your hands in Jesus name I pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Welcome everyone in the house of God. may turn around and welcome someone tonight. Amen. May God bless you. May have your seats. Oh, standing on the promises of Christ my king. Oh, through eternal ages, let his praises ring. Oh, and glory in the highest. I will shout and sing when I'm standing on the promises of God. Oh yes, I'm standing. Oh, stand. Oh, I'm standing on the promises of my Savior. Standing. Oh, standing when I'm standing on the promises of [Music] God. I'm standing on the promises I can't. Oh, when the holy stones are fear. Oh, and by the living word of God I shall prey. Oh, I standing on the promises of God. Oh, I guess I'm stand. Oh, stay. Oh, I'm standing on the promises of God, my Savior. Oh, standing. Oh, I'm standing on the promises of God. Oh, I'm standing on the promises I can see. Oh, that perfect presence clinging in the blood. Oh, I standing in the liberty where Christ makes free. Oh, I stand in the promises of God. Oh yes, I'm stand. [Music] Oh. Oh, I standing on the promises of God my savior. [Music] Standing. Oh god. Oh, the promises of Christ the Lord. Oh, God eternally lost strong. Over coming daily with your spirit soul. Oh, I standing on the promises of God. Oh, I [Music] s Oh, I'm standing on the promises of God. My savior standing. Oh, standing. Oh, I'm standing on the promises of God. Oh, I standing on the promises I can not call. Oh, I listened every moment to the spirit. Oh, I rested in my savior as my own. Oh, I standing on the promises of God. Oh, I stand. Oh. Oh. I stand on the promises of God. Standing. Oh. [Music] Standing. Oh, I'm standing on the promises of [Music] God. Yes. I've been through the water and I be Oh, and I'll be washing the blood. I'll be [Music] [Music] changing. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I see Oh [Music] my god. [Music] has [Music] been my life has been changed. Hallelujah. Amen. How many can say my life has been changed? Amen. That's what we heard this morning. He came and rearranged everything in your life. Amen. To bring about what he desires. out of you. Amen. We thank him for that. We don't have any new requests up here from brother Joel this morning. Right. Please pray for Elena Okmpo. Uh she's a sister in Mexico. She's been hospitalized and pray that God can come on the scene and give her a healing touch. Amen. From brother Jose this morning. God bless you. First pray for my wife. uh she will have a major um incision by the end of this month. Pray that the Lord will uh have everything in control and believing a miracle can happen. That's if you have a desire on your heart just turn up to him and Amen. is the same yesterday, today and forever. Amen. It's good to see brother Moses. If you could come and just take this before the church couple, you know, when Moses gets near the building, the buzzers go off and we certainly appreciate him. [Music] Heavenly Father, how we thank you, Lord, just to know that we have someone we can rely on, someone that has been proven over the ages not to change, not to fail. And Lord, our confidence stands sure in your word again tonight. And we can come boldly before the throne of grace with our needs, not fearing because your prophet taught us to ask, oh God, and ask abundantly. There's a sister in Mexico, a sister of camp. Oh God, she needs your hand to touch her body, Lord. You are the same yesterday, today, and forever. So may you remember her need, oh God. And may we hear testimony soon of your greatness once more, oh God, because you are still the mighty conqueror. Our brother Jose's wife, Lord, is going for an incision, a procedure, Lord, at the end of the month. We know that Lord, you're the one that guides him in the hands of the doctors. Oh God, may you do it again. And Lord, we even hear one more testimony for the goodness of your name and assist life. Lord, we thank you for each prayer request that was not even mentioned that is in the hearts of your people. May you, oh God, remember each and everyone. We thank you for this wonderful opportunity to be able to come nigh unto thee, oh God, for your wonderful name. We praise and be adored. The name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you all. We're going to just sing that short song. I was kind of caught off guard today, but do you love the Lord? Let's sing that song in moments like this. a couple of songs. So that's one [Music] D like these. I'll sing a song. I sing a love song to [Music] Jesus. In moments like I lift up my I lift up my hands to the [Music] be singing [Music] Oh, you love this. [Music] moments like these. I'll sing out a song. I'll sing out a whole song to Jesus. He opens thy feet. I'll lift up my hands. I'll lift up my hands to the Lord. [Music] be [Music] God. Sing you Lord. [Music] Seeking Lord you Lord. [Music] Your norto [Music] [Music] for your [Music] Oh, simply [Music] No import. [Music] [Music] Victoria. [Music] Gloria above yours. [Music] Look at your sister. [Music] [Music] I [Music] say oh simply [Music] [Music] Sister import [Music] [Music] [Music] Victoria. [Music] I love your above your above your We worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. [Music] Worship the Lord. You worship the Lord. You worship the [Music] Lord. [Music] Lordship. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. And that's our portion of God. We heard it. I believe it was last Wednesday. When we worship him, he takes care of all our needs. Amen. It's in worship that we find our victory. When we can come, no matter what's going on, we just say, "Praise the Lord." Amen. Amen. Sister Delini and um I believe Thiago have a special coming this time. [Music] I [Music] promise for you may [Applause] [Music] desire prophet Got shore. [Music] Biblic. [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Say Jesus Christ. [Music] No, [Music] [Applause] she [Music] was no [Music] Sh. Amen. We're at the end and it's not there's no time to waste tonight. Amen. Let's all stand as we invite brother Andrew at this time. Let's sing. I lift your name to your head. Amen. [Music] Oh Lord, my heart can [Music] grow so far away and [Music] cold. And yet for me, your love is still the same. Oh, and Lord, I'm bend my knee. [Music] All and fear of tee. My head bow down in reverence to your name. Oh, I li your name. Oh your holy name. [Music] Oh my God. [Music] Oh, you're the [Music] great I [Music] Let's sing that next verse. [Music] Lord, my heart's desire is to be filled with fire. My purpose is to worship you. Say your words up my soul to worship to be a praise to your throne. [Music] I your name God. [Music] for the great highest [Music] the God. [Music] Praise the Lord. Amen. You happy to be in the house of God? Amen. I'm so thankful he's not in a grave, but he's risen and he's alive. Praise God. Amen. Amen. Well, we're just so happy to be here tonight with the promise that where two or three are gathered in my name, I'll be in the midst of them. Amen. If if you have a need on your heart and you want to just in this moment just commit it to the Lord and say, would you pray for me that God would give me revelation that would meet my need? because there's nothing more important and it cannot be overemphasized the need for revelation. You pray for me and I'll pray for you and let's let God have his way in this service tonight. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, you see, oh God, our heart, Lord, you know our need, Lord. And Lord, we're asking, God, as Lord, as your children, Lord, you even said in your word, Lord, that a father, Lord, just asking for bread, oh God, you wouldn't give them a stone or you if they asked for substance, Lord, you wouldn't give them a serpent. Lord, even even now, Lord, we need revelation, Lord. I commit your people to your hands, Lord. We pray your blessings upon them, Lord. Will you open the word to their heart, Lord? And may your spirit come and deal with their hearts that our lives, oh God, can be shaped and molded, Lord, to the very image of the sons and daughters of God. Father, we're asking, God, for mercy, Lord, we pray that the blood would atone and cleanse, oh God, of all unrighteousness and sin. Father, be the guest of honor, Lord. have your liberty and way with every heart. As we want to yield our heart to you now for the glory of God, we ask these things in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. We're so thankful to be able to be here and stand before you and brag on our Lord Jesus because he's the only one worthy of the works that he's done in our lives. Amen. Well, if you have your Bible and while you're standing, if you want to turn with me, we just probably take a few moments and just see as the Lord leads um just maybe a little thought about witnesses of the resurrection life. Amen. And so, we just want to go straight to the word of God in the book of Acts, chapter 1. Amen. Acts, chapter 1. And just try to follow in behind what the pastor said this morning. And I just it's hard sometimes to follow such a wonderful message, but we just do our best to to stay in line with what the spirit's speaking to the churches. Amen. In Acts chapter 1 and verse one says this, "The former treatise have I made, oh theopoulos, of all that Jesus began both to do and to teach until the day in which he was taken up after that through the Holy Ghost had given commandments unto the apostles whom he had chosen." Notice how the leadership changed. And when he was risen, now it was through the Holy Ghost until now you notice that he says, "To whom also he had showed himself alive after his passion by many infallible proofs, being seen of them 40 days." Think of it. After he had risen, he stayed there with them 40 days. Praise God. Oh my. Just think of it. and speaking of the things pertaining to the kingdom of God. And being assembled together with them com and commanded them that they should not depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the Father, which he saith, Ye have heard of me. For John truly baptized with water, but ye shall be baptized with the Holy Ghost, not many days hence. When they therefore were come together, they asked of him, saying, Lord, will at that uh will at will thou at this time restore unto the kingdom to Israel? And he said unto them, "It is not for you to know the times or the seasons which the Father had put in his own power, but ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you, and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem and in Judea and to the in Samaria and unto the uttermost parts of the earth." Amen. You may have your seats. We trust the Lord will add a blessing to the reading of his word. And all right, thank you for that. Make me kind of nervous when the things popping. I'm already nervous. You just pray for me. And Amen. So, we just wanted to maybe speak a little bit about witnesses. You know, a witness is somebody who's heard something or seen something. You know, you can't be really a certified witness in the law or in the court or any kind of setting unless you've heard something or seen something. And when they had seen the Lord speak to them and then they were told and in obedience, they wanted to meet together there in the upper room. He said, now they might have felt a lot of zeal to go on out, but he told them, he said, "But you wait until you're endued with power." Amen. And that was the thing because they were running from the governmental powers because they crucified their Lord. But oh my, just think when that resurrection life came and made themselves known, what a different people they were. And I just think about the scripture that says, and maybe we'll read it also, but it's in Isaiah, I believe it's chapter 27. Isaiah 27. and then we probably won't be long, but we'll just read a quote or two and just see what the Lord has for us. I'm excited. Amen. But it says there in Isaiah chapter 27 in verse one it says in that day the Lord with his swore and great and strong sword shall punish the labyrinth the piercing serpent even the lav the crooked serpent and he shall slay the dragon that is in the sea in the day in that day sing unto her a vineyard of red wine. I the Lord do keep it, and I will water it every moment, lest any heard it, and I will keep it day and night. Amen. I just so think that that's part of what was being spoken this morning. You know, God had planted something within us. Amen. And that seed wasn't just when you made a decision. Actually, that seed was planted there before the foundation of the world. Amen. That was the eternal thought of God that was planted there. And but it was by the Holy Spirit promise that would come by your way. It would come by my way in a certain season of life. And oh, it was the pressure of the age. It was the pressure of circumstance. There was something vibrating on the inside calling out for the resurrection. Something that would be different. There was a longing in our hearts. There was there was a craving of that we could never attain to. I remember thinking back and oh I when God began to deal with my heart and I was just um you know I was so hungry for something different and you know I turned left and to the right and nothing satisfied and I remember someone told me you know why don't you read this book and I began to say well really so I started reading this book on the sermon on the mount and oh I just the Lord just began to deal with my heart this must be the way because you know this is the thing I I I don't understand how some people can can even doubt their own prayer. I just remember God, I was sitting under that tree in my the front of my house just pleading to God. He said I said, "God, I know I'm not right, but if you're going to judge me according to this word, God, I need you to reveal it to me." There was some deep desire that says, "There's something to this book. There's something on the inside that is magnetized to this book, but I couldn't see it the way I needed to see it. I needed the eyes of my heart to be open. But don't you love it how God puts a desire in your heart, and you realize it's going to take God to move on my heart. It's going to take God to quicken what's what's the reality on the inside. I can't I can't make sense of it in my mind. Amen. But I believe that there's something on the inside that can magnetize to this and then there's a there's a life that's going to resurrect. Amen. And I know that you've seen it in your life. And just as a as a witness, I just want to say that I believe that's how God deals with sons and daughters. You know, we we're not born, you know, uh 13, 14 years old. We're born infants. We have to drink milk. And you know, you you don't start walking first, you know, uh with a big head, you start working, even you falling over forward, you know, but God, he's kind of let you talk and crawl and, you know, kick on your back a little bit and cry and fuss, you know, but then over a little time, then you can start doing a little bit of a Well, some of them do like this scooch backwards before they actually do the army crawl. And that's how we are sometimes as babes. We're desiring the sincere miracle of the word, man. we really want to run. It's like son wait there's a preparation to be made. Amen. Amen. And and this is a process you know when you realize that there is a call of the word of God inside there's something to say I'm just going to trust God because it's not me. All my good intentions and all my good efforts always brought it to not I was always a failure when I tried to do right. There was evil there. I remember I just went and I was like, "Okay, you know, I'm going to, you know, go, my friend invited me to church, so I I'm going to go to church." And so we went to church with him and his wife and boy, they were good people. You know, I love good people. You know, they want to direct you the right way. But really, it takes the leadership of the Holy Spirit. And you know I prayed God you know lead me you know and and in the process of time when God led me to this message and then you can hear the narratives of the naysayers and different ones but you don't think that I go back to the place and say you know what God from the depths of my heart you lead me to truth you know and and I could say a lot of things but when God said I will lead you and guide you into all truth and righteousness well that'll harmonize with the word of God. Amen. I mean, many times people get excited and they have a great gift and they can, you know, see into the future and all kinds of things, but if it doesn't harmonize with the revealed word of the hour, just put it to the side. This is the leadership for this day. Amen. But the struggle, the struggle is the carnal mind is that enmity with God. And we have to battle against that thing because it wants to raise up. It's going, "Hey, you know what? It's reasonable. I mean, you this person's successful in business. You know, you could just sacrifice and you know, miss church a few times and you know what? Let your career take off. You know, then you'll really be brother, I tell you, there's times where I got to thinking stuff like that. I might pay off my house. And what good is a house that's paid off if the Lord's going to take us in a rapture? I mean, hey, if you can pay off your house and that's, you know, gives you comfort, well, okay, that's fine. But let's not substitute the leadership of the Holy Ghost. You know, we get led into these different things where we're pulled into carnal reactions and carnal thinking. My I'm going nowhere where I thought I'd go. Let me slow down for a minute here. I just loved it how, you know, brother Dave was taking that message out of the Easter Seal and, you know, in Matthew 28, the scripture was talking about where, you know, Martha and Mary, they were at the tomb. And when he resurrected, he went and told him, he said, "Go on to Galilee." You know, I'm going to meet you there. You know, that same God is is wanting to meet you where you're at in your circumstance of life. You know, you might be facing it seemed insurmountable. Hey, they crucified him. He was embombed. He was there days and we were going but oh with that great earthquake. Sometimes that's how the trauma is and the battle. It's like a great earthquake. Something's shaking you. It's like wait a minute. I got to get right. So there's something shaking. This world's falling apart. We can't put no trust and confidence in the systems of this world. They've rejected God. Now it's up to us as individuals to take this word and let it live. There's a life of resurrection trying to burst forth. Oh man, we need to get into the light of God. It's an individual affair. But my when we do the faithful thing by going daily praying, reading, when we come together, oh, you don't know how much the influence of you being in shakina glory can cause somebody to just break loose. Amen. Say, God, there's a presence around me. There's a presence here. There's liberty in the house of God. Amen. Don't you love that? To be in the presence of the Lord and recognize it. Yeah. Amen. We want to recognize God. Recognize it's God that's doing the calling. It's God saying, "You know what? I'm not going to leave you in that condition. My love is chasing after you. I will do everything to win you and pull you back into my fold. You're mine. You're not going to be lost. Matter of fact, I secured you by putting your name on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world where the lamb was slain then." Amen. Glory. My my Well, in the Easter Seal, just picking up where the prophet said this in ' 64, he says, "As Jesus was born the son of God to be Emanuel, God's full expression in man, that's right. He found him in perfect obedience down at the River Jordan, being baptized by that prophet. And as soon as he obeyed him, he walked out of the water and the heavens opened to John and he saw the Holy Ghost descending from heaven, saying, "This is my beloved son." See, perfect obedience. The spirit had sought him out in obedience. My I think that's what pulled you to church tonight. The spirit, you know, it speaks expressingly that at the end time that people will be without natural affections. There will be truce breakers in continent and despisers of those who want to do right, who want to assemble themselves to to worship God and to praise the only one worthy of giving everything for. But you're here, Amen. in obedience because it was the spirit of God picking you up and dragging you there. Praise God. You know, and the more you you allow God to do it and then you find yourself, oh, I'm so I mean, I can't contain these blessings, the more you just yield to it and you find yourself starting to get a little skip in your step. You're like, man, every time I do what God wants me to do, I'm freer and freer. One day I'm going to be so free. I'm going to take off out of here. Yeah, that's the desire of my heart. Be so light from the things of the world that one day I'm going to be gone. I'm going to Oh, it's going to be in a moment, in a twinkling of an eye. Amen. Oh my. Oh, weward man or woman this morning when we're sitting here, there's something in you telling you that it is right. It's the Holy Spirit seeking you out to bring you to the knowledge of the truth of this hour that we're now living in. Not some other hour that's gone by, but the hour now. You know, I just think about the believers that were living in the day of the prophecy that Isaiah spoke. Behold, a virgin shall conceive. You know, and people, they got so religious that they made the word of God of none effect by their traditions. They got so bound down with the way the normal way of doing church, the way the the normal rituals of the family culture and different things, it so displeased God that it became a stench in his nose. But then when God brought the manifestation of the Messiah, the virgin born lamb of God, there was some people still stuck trying to bring a lamb and shed in the But you know what? Once the the manifestation of Jesus Christ, born of a virgin, was on display, that old was done away with, you couldn't come and be accepted by God trying to offer an animal sacrifice. And I'll say this, you know, if people tried to live a Christian life without this message, Malachi 4, they're living on the light of another day. That's a mirage. This is the only light that will give you shalom for a great body change. There is no going back. That is dedicarian. We have lifted past the tongue age. We're in the eagle age. We can see beyond all of the world's system. It's heading toward an ecumenical council and a a great destruction. But praise God, before one bomb, one fire falls, I'm going to be changed in a moment. That's my That's the goal. That's what I'm looking for. Amen. I know it's yours. Amen. Boy, what a promise of this hour. Amen. Well, I got to thinking it was Wednesday. And I'm not used to taking Sunday night, but oh, I'm so happy to be here representing the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords, the one who made my Oh, I I tell you, I was so bound. I There was no hope for me. I remember I was so shackled. I couldn't even see a light of hope. But one day, that something on the inside says there's hope. I said, "Wait, what? My condition? No way." But oh that reasoning mind battling badly saying there's no way you're not a son of God. You're not a daughter of God. But something on the inside says I'm not going to take that. I can't explain it. But I just couldn't settle for that nonsense. Boy, but it still battles. Amen. It still tries to raise its head. And we must defeat the Lord the the enemy by the word of the Lord. Amen. By thus sayaeth the Lord. Amen. And there was thousands there that had obey obeying that hour past. But there was a present hour truth. There was a present hour. That was the hour that Jesus was to appear. And he stood the word. And there stood the word. There stood the people. And here was the manifestation of God taking place to vindicate. That was the truth. And as Pentecostal people today, let me say this that we're standing in the last days where God promised he would pour out his spirit upon all flesh and his sons and daughters shall prophesy. For he had said, "These signs shall follow them that believe in the hour." What? That's what makes that creation in you. Oh, do you realize there's a creation in you? Amen. Do you realize it's because of the word that was spoken in this day that causes a creation in you? That's right. You know, I tell you, when brother Brandham came, he says, "Good evening, friends." You don't know how much of a creation that that saltiness of the love of Christ on display creates a thirst. I'm so hungry for this life that I've seen on display. And that's what you become when you receive this word. When you yield to it, you become that to the world. You become the create. You are a creator. You create thirst in other people's lives. They look at you, there's something about I can't explain it. Like I could see that they're different. There's something that's drawing in an attraction. There's a billboard, but now I'm getting thirsty. Oh, but you're a witness of the resurrection life. I love that so much. You know, I used to witness a lot of things that didn't bring forth any life. It actually brought death. But today, I'm here to tell you, by his grace, we're witnesses of the resurrection life. Aren't you happy about that? It's something to be excited about. We have a hope of eternal life because what's resurrected and risen in us. That's right. Praise God. Well, we might just close here in a little bit. I don't know. I um sometimes I feel bad like we're taking too long, but you know, where are we going to go? you know, uh, you know, the word can wait. I mean, I don't know. I just, if the Lord can just give me one more, I just I want one just once more, Lord. Speak to my heart. Amen. You know, I'm not here because I have something to say. I'm here because of the call of God. Because God's word has called us to assemble together. Just like the prophet said, I I'm standing here because it was the call of God. You're sitting there because of the call of God. God is here to give us instructions in his word because there's something around the corner and we need instructions for the next step. Yes, sir. There's something that I don't know about but I haven't been there but the but the guide knows how to get us through and that's what we need. We need leadership today. Amen. I don't know how to turn the corner but I'm just going to bump along as we go. Here we go. You know, I was listening to the rejected king and there was a few quotes that stood out to me this week and I want to share it with you because I believe it'll be a blessing and it'll help with the instruction because we want to have the fellowship. You know, we have the mind of Christ. That's right. You know, we also have a mind that is carnal and those two are at war against one another so that you would subject to one or the other. This is the day of choosing. choose you this day whom you will serve. And so the battle is on. Okay. Now, every day you can fall back to that old nature and that old way of thinking, but God wants us to renew our mind day by day. If you didn't feed on the word today, do it anyway. Just don't look back. Look forward. Amen. We want to press in like never before. It's worth it. Amen. Amen. But brother Brandham said this and and he was speaking out of um Samuel chapter 8. I'll just read this just to kind of maybe lay a little bit and maybe we'll take maybe 20 or 30 minutes. It's only been 25 minutes. So everybody feeling okay? Yes, sir. Praise the Lord. So in in in Samuel chapter 8, I believe it's 1st Samuel chapter 8, and I think this is um it's it's a wonderful marvelous story. in the rejected king. Brother Brand said, "Why don't you take the time and just read it all the way through?" and uh it's like a two-hour service, but um you know, I think there's a lot of good nuggets not only in this chapter, but also in that message, but in Romans or excuse me, in 1st Samuel chapter 8, it says this, and we'll just start right there in paragraph, I believe, uh let's do 5 and said unto him, Behold, thou art old, and thy sons walk not in thy ways. Now make us a king to judge us like all the nations. But the thing displeased Samuel, when they said, Give us a king to judge us. And Samuel prayed to the Lord. And the Lord said unto Samuel, "Hearken unto the voice of the people in all that they say unto thee, for they have not rejected thee, but they have rejected me, that I should not reign over them, according to all the works which they have done since the day that I had brought them out of Egypt, even unto this day, wherewith they have forsaken me, and served other gods. So do they also unto thee. Now therefore hearken unto their voice. How be it yet protest solemnly unto them and show them the manner of king that shall reign over them. And Samuel told all the words of the Lord unto the people and asked of him a king. And I'll just stop right there. in that message, and I'm just going to skip around a little bit, but in that message, this is one of the things that just stuck out to me. And paragraph 91, he says, "Now, that's the way the enemy tries to do is to pluck out both eyes if he can so that people can't see what they're doing." You know, can you imagine trying to do your job without sight? Now, this is what the prophet is telling us. What the devil's trying to do to you. He's trying to do to me. He's trying to pluck out your sight so you don't know what you're doing. So, if you want to recognize the devil and what he's trying to do, okay, you want to arm up against your enemy. Okay? So, if what he's trying to do is to pluck out our both eyes, let's pay attention to what the prophet is instructing us. He says that's what Satan tries to do today to every Christian. Well, we're all included in that. Amen. He says, "Pluck out our spiritual sight that he can only follow the intellectual sense of things, not the sense of the Holy Spirit leading him." You know, uh that's that's a great sobriety to me. And and you know, anytime the Lord speaks through the prophet or or any way that I can go back to the message of the hour and he's dealing with me individually, it sets a sobriety to do inventory. You know, conviction is a good thing. Ain't that right, brother Matt? Conviction is a blessing. You know, a lot of times we don't understand conviction, but that's part of the leadership. Son, you can't get where we're going with that in your life. Sisters, you can't be wearing those high heels and walk that road. You see, God's got a perfect way. That's right. It's a way of holiness. And you can't walk that way with those things. And so, conviction brings us subject to the word of God. Amen. Excuse me. So [Music] then when they did that, I'm I'm going to pause there and just say that, you know, it's it's it's profound to me how it's so important, you know, that we receive that leadership, that same leadership that tugged on your heart and said, you know, this is not me. I I remember going to the church for four years over there, the big mega church, and a friend invited me, but you know, I just it it ne I never really had victory over sin in my life. I wanted to do right, but there was just nothing behind it to really overcome, but oh my, you know, God knows how to build. He knows how to work things out because I had to let go of some things. Right. See, he was allowing the fow ground to be broken before the seed came. This, you know, the good sewing of the message, but I had to be willing to let go of a lot of things that I held on trying to bring from another hour. You know, truths that I accepted, saying, you know, this is true and this is true. These are principles in my life that I held is true and different things. But attached to all of those things were a lot of little subtle falsehoods. But I kept trying to pull those in. And then I began to get real sincere with God. I said, "God, if there's anything that's contrary to your word in my life, if there's any hypocrisy or untruth in my life, Lord, burn it out, Lord. Just take it out, please. And let the pure seed word drop into my heart because I I'm not going to be satisfied with manifesting anything less than the light of the day." Amen. And that's the seed, the eagle cry. Come up high here. Amen. Oh. And so when we heard the eagle scream, mama, that's me. Amen. Don't you love the Lord? Amen. Amen. Well, praise the Lord. We, you know, we think about these things and I'll just say it like the prophet did and and he said this in paragraph 40. He says or 41. He says it is it was a time that as it is in all times that people never wanted God to lead them. Now this is a blanket statement on all humanity. You know so you might say whoa whoa whoa whoa. I want God to lead. Well your nature doesn't want God to lead. They wanted their own way of leadership. And this story this morning when you go home you it's good to read the whole thing through. And during that time, the days of Samuel, the man of God, the prophet, he had been a just man, a good man, honorable, reputable, true, honest with the people, never deceiving them, telling them nothing but thus sayeth the Lord. I we've had that in this day. We've had a great prophet that's come and gave us thus sayeth the Lord. He was true, honest, reputable, all of these things, never deceiving. But the people came to a place where they wanted to change this program. They had looked upon the Philistines, the Amalocites, the Amorites, the Habites, and the other nations of the world, and they had seen that they had kings that ruled over them and governed them and guided them and fought their battles and so forth. And this seemed to be what Israel wanted to pattern themselves like these kings and like these people. Oh, what a subtle devil. to try to put in our subconscious leadership of man. My but it's never been in any age God's intention for his people to act like the people of the world or to be governed or controlled like the people of the world. God's people as always has been a peculiar people, a different people called out, separated and altogether different in their actions, in their ways, in their manner of living. And that's what the people of the world has, their appetites for things and all their makeup is. And it's always contrary to the things that the people of the world desire. Amen. You're a different type of you're a different class of people. That's right. You know, there's people that, you know, they can go and they can read the Bible and they can look at it and they say, "Jesus Christ, he's my savior. He died for me." And and we believe that, but there's more to it. He's not only savior, but he's Lord. He's a great king. You know, he's worthy to be praised and honored. You know, we can't truly serve him and worship him like truly without revelation because he's not a trinity. You know, we can't worship God as a trinity because he's one God. Amen. Now, the people of Israel came to Samuel. He says, "Now you're getting old and your sons are not walking in your ways." because they wasn't true like Samuel. They were robbers and takers of money. And they said, "Samuel, your boys are not like you. So, we want to go out and find us a king and anoint him and make us a people like the rest of the world." See, Samuel tried to tell him that that will not work. If you do that, the first thing you know, you'll find out that you're call on your they'll call your sonsh from your home and make them soldiers out on them and run before the chariots and bear arms and spears. Not only that, they'll call your daughters to make bread and and to be bakers of bread and and and take them away and to feed the army. And besides that, they'll take certain taxes off of you of your grain and all your income. He'll tax you of all that to make a certain government debts and so forth that will have to be paid. See I I think you are altogether making a mistake. My you look at the world system can't you see what exactly Samuel he was pleading as a prophet don't go that way. You know, we're in the world, but we're not of the world. And the devil tries to trick us into making commitments with worldly things that it's we we just are shackling ourselves up. We're getting into this system where we're bound to the things of this world. But I want to shake myself and break free. Where we're headed, you don't have to worry about a mortgage. Matter of fact, you don't even have to worry about a home. He says, "I've gone to prepare a place for you. We're not going to be traveling in no fort or expedition or whatever. We're going to have a new body." Amen. I'm so grateful for that. Says, "The people said, but still they wanted to be like the rest of the people. There is something about a man or a woman that they long to be like one another." Oh my goodness. I mean, this is laying right here in the word of God. You know, there's something about men and women. They want to be like the other men and women. You know, why do they why do they have American Idol? Why do they have uh Touchdown and he does his dance and all that kind of stuff? Because people want to be like that. Well, that guy didn't start out doing that. He saw Michael Jordan and these other people and like I want to be like Mike. I want to be Excuse me. Maybe I shouldn't say all the He says, he says, "And there's there's only one man that ever lived on earth that is our example. And that one that died for us all, our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. He was the perfect example of what we should be and always about the Father's business, doing that which was right." My, that's our example. No matter how much that Samuel tried to persuade the people, continually they went after him night and day, they wanted a king. We want a man. We want a man that will say, "This is our guide." Oh, hasn't it happened today? We want this pope to be our guide. We want this president to be our guide. We want this man or this woman. Come on. Ah, but praise God, he's just over there with dirty feets. And you know, I just I'm just waiting. I'll wait here. You know, I just I'm looking for a little service and then he'll just speak a word of leadership. It's a it's a time of the personal life of Christ. Amen. He's coming in and he's giving us hunger to be led because we're created to be led. We're like sheep. We've all gone astray. We have followed after the ways of man. Amen. But praise God, there's something in us, a seed of life that says, "Lord, I'm wrong. You're right. Lead me in the way of path of righteousness for thy great name's sake." Amen. And that has never been the will of God. It never was the will of God, nor ever will be the will of God for a man to rule over another. That's right. God rules over man. God is the ruler. our king. And it's the very very much of apparel today because that man seems to have the same idea. They didn't seem to be able to grasp that God still rules man instead of man ruling man. Ain't that right? Oh, I love the word of God. It's eternal. It's for every day, every age, every time, every person. So they choose themselves a man named Saul which was the son of Kish. And he was a reputable man, honorable man, but he suited the people just right because he was a great, tall, noble stature of a man. Scripture says he was head and shoulders above any man in Israel. He was kindly looking. He was a handsome in his face. He was brilliant and an extraordinary man. Now that's the kind of man that the people want to choose today. The people does not seem to be satisfied with the way that God placed his church to be governed and controlled by the Holy Spirit. That's what somebody, some man, some denomination, some certain people govern the church that they are not able to throw themselves completely into the hands of God to be spiritual to be led by the spirit. They wanted somebody to do their religion for them. somebody to tell them just how to do it, all about it. Well, that's our nature. But we each one have to dig down. We have to go to digging. We have to go to digging. We have to dig out. Dig out more of Andrew Bohan. Dig out more of you. Dig out. Dig. Because the rain's coming. I'll pour out my spirit upon all flesh. We got to get to digging. Amen. I I've been leading the show. I've been running the show too long. Lord, I want you to lead me, God. Amen. So this man seemed to be suited the exact the place exactly because he was a very intellectual man and that's a whole lot like today. We like to choose such people too to control the our churches to control the churches the church of God. Nothing that I have to say against it is just merely making a point. It is not. It is not and it will never be the will of God for such to be. God is to rule his people to govern each individual. Well, I believe that's part of our responsibility to let God govern and rule over our individual lives. Because if we're prayed up and we're feeding and feasting, you know what? There's something not in order in the house of God. Your prayer and your subjection to the word of God is contributing to the God that's making it all orderly in your life. He'll bring it all orderly. Just do your part. Don't worry about trying to fix it with your intellect because we'll make a big mess of it. How many can testify? We make messes. But praise God, the grace of God, he'll just take it and he'll just make it all work for good. Praise God. We love the Lord. Now, in 69, it says this. He says, "But man wants to rule." I I think this is these are three things that if we can recognize this is part of what we're fighting, right? This was part of ingrained into our humanity. But he says, "Man wants to rule. Huh? I want to be the ruler of my life. I want to dictate. I want to lead. I want to do I want to present all of the what's coming at me. I want to have the certain outcome. I want to have the rule." And what's going to be the outcome? like I want to be able to dictate whether I get that or do that or do this or do that, right? I I thank God the testimony of our brother John, he he said, "Yeah, I'm willing to go out there to the job, but in his heart, he wanted to be in the household of God, but God at the end of the day, he said, you know what? I'm going to be the one that rules over this situation." And he waited on God. He He said, "I'll be willing to do it." Sometimes we just got to be willing to let go and let God, hey, I made a wreck of things. I I've gone this way and I thought I was going to orchestrate it this way. But praise God, you can work it all for good if I'll just give my lead the leadership to you. My position is a follower. Forgive me, Lord. Man wants to rule man and rule over man. Oh my. Think about Cain. Boy, you know that Cain nature trying to raise up and rule over somebody else. You're going to come subject to me. I'm the boss around here. You know, that's where us as parents, we got to watch out. You know, we can't be too iron fist with certain things. I'm going to rule you. I'm going to bring you subject to my will. Oh, we can bruise the child of God. You know, God has little angels watching out for those kids. And you can get in trouble with God if you go to spanking them too hard and with the wrong motive. You know, you can put a lion spirit on that kid. He'd be like, "So you you you're so harsh with me. I'd rather tell you something that ain't the truth so that I don't get beat down." Oh my, what a sobriety. We want to have the love of God. God didn't do us like that. God with nail scarred hands and love came and pulsated on our heart the love of God. I forgive you, son. You know what? I don't see you in that condition. Come up higher, son. Come up higher. Oh my. To think that man wants to rule over man and man wants to rule over him. He doesn't want to have God rule. Oh, that's another thing. Our nature doesn't want God to rule. My I mean, let's just get honest. Like if if we could just relax and say, you know what? In my nature, I don't want God to rule, but I'm going to subject myself. I'm going to be like a lamb and I'm going to say, "Lord, here I am. Shear me off. Shear me off, Lord. If you want me to do thus and thus, if you want me to, I Lord, I want to be your yielded vessel that you can reflect the resurrection life in me." I know that it's the desire of your heart. It's the desire of mine. Amen. And that's God calling. Praise God. My do you love the Lord? You know, if you don't know that you love him, I want you to know that he loves you. Thank you, Lord. You know, that's the thing that's calling is the love of God. You know, I God's call, the love of God so desires that not only you be a partaker of redemption, but that your life in the position and in the hand of God yielded, you actually play a part in redemption. You being a yielded vessel, now you go and witness to the world and you have the ability because you have life. You have the resurrection and life. What you say God will come behind it. Whatever you bind on earth will be bound in heaven. Whatever you loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven. Is it easier to open the eyes of the blind or to say, "Thy sins be forgiven." Think of it. God has entrusted you with a sacred trust. My well, we're just winding down now, trying to find a place to close. Now, it says this in 70. So, the sons of Kish, Saul by the name, was just the answer to what they wanted. The great stately man. Oh, he could just lead them to battle and so forth. But still, it wasn't God's way of doing. God wanted his faithful old prophet to direct them to speak his word to them. Amen. And today in our great church we live in, we think, I believe this with all my heart that we have exactly done vice versa from what God ordained us to do. The words of our savior says in Mark 16 says, "Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. He that believeth not shall be damned. And these signs shall follow them that believe. In my name they shall cast out devils. They shall speak with new tongues. They shall lay hand they shall take up serpents and drink deadly things and it would not harm them. If they lay hands on the sick, they shall recover. There is not a man. There is no son of kish or no one else can produce the outside of the leadership of the holy spirit but we have made schools and had seminaries and made organizations to satisfy to look like the rest of the world. Now the Holy Spirit uses the leadership the leader for the nation and I'll just try to close with this thought but I think it's so profound and and we can see the fall of our nation but you know in the beginning you know our nation they fled from the persecution of the mother harlot. They they were protesting that all of the things that they made creeds and dogmas and and it was ritualistic and organized religion and if you don't bow they were going to break you. And so, but there was a people that they they had something on the inside that says, "I can't settle. I don't believe in, you know, uh, penance and the confession booth. I don't believe in, you know, the the I forget indulgences and all those kind of things, you know, and it's just like, wait a minute. We're we're looking for a promised land. We're looking to be partakers of something that that's on the deep desire. We don't want to just go to church. We don't want to just have our regular life, individual regular life. We want to be a part of something. God put it in you to be a part of a body. You know, we're we're not out living our own individual lives. We are connected. It's not because I'm saying it. It's because God did it. God placed the same thing in you that's a receiver. So he send out the scream and there's something on the inside that responds to the call. Amen. Do you want to respond to the call today and say God send me just like Isaiah he says here am I send me. Amen. My but you think about it they used to have a seat in when the our founding fathers came here for freedom of religion. They wanted to worship God according to the dictates of their own conscience. They didn't want to be ruled by man. They didn't want to rule by government. They wanted God to be their guide. They wanted God to be the one that they were under. It was in God we trust under God. All of these things were the very foundation of this nation. And they even before you know they signed the Declaration of Independence, they were all around and they left a chair there and it was empty and they said that God was that seat was for God. And you know when they were going to to conduct uh business over the nations and things they would have prayer my and to think if if we're going to get anything done we need to go to prayer we need to invite God we need to pull up an empty chair and say God come into this situation invite him in and say God I cannot resolve this without prayer without your leadership, without your counsel, without your wisdom. Oh my. When they wrote up the Declaration of Independence, there was an extra chair sitting there. And there's not one speck of doubt in my mind that the son of God sat at the table. when this nation was founded on the principles of freedom of religion and freedom to all upon the basis of God's eternal word. But we have corrupted that through politics, voting men in there under buying and selling and promises of falsehood until our nation and our politics and our democracy is so polluted until it's interwoven with communism and all kinds of isms. It's exactly what he said. It's exactly the way it is. And many times when we call into our assemblies for prayers, when the when the League of Nations meetings to have discussion in one certain great time recently, they was not even one time called for prayer. How are we ever going to settle differences without prayer? How can we ever expect in all the world to ever do anything without the leadership of the Holy Spirit? Oh, I think it's so important for that individual love affair with the leadership of the Holy Ghost. You know, that was part of the promise is that when he the Holy Ghost comes, he will lead you and guide you. You know, he's not going to lead you into destruction. He's going to leave you lead you directly into the resurrection and life. Amen. My you know and I'll just say this trying to close but this is found in in paragraph 88. He says just as soon as a man gets some kind of great doctor of divinity or great some thing behind his name he becomes more or less a knowit all. my you know that's that's where you know hey getting an education you know you can get a a bachelor's a master's or you can go through seminary all that stuff but don't never let that get you to chasing after something other than the leadership of the Holy Ghost you know my brother Brandham said in one place they try to teach God can you imagine you get to a place where you so led by man's thinking and intellectual ual understandings that you think you're teaching God. My But that's what we have to fight against. Man, God's men are humble men. Amen. God's people are humble people. When you see someone who's saying that they've received the Holy Spirit and begin to separate themselves, seemingly not having the faith, going about trying to to be something that they're not, just remember, they haven't received the Lord Jesus. You know, the scripture says as you see that day approaching, you gather yourself the more and and you you know, you recognize that some people they're saying that they're of Christ and things like that, but they're out they're just not assembling themselves. You know, one of the things that I believe that is part of the the cry of the seed is that I'm got to be connected with the body. you know, I have a a responsibility to you and you have a responsibility to me. It's not because I've been given a gift of faith or or ministry or calling or anything. It's because we're sons and daughters of God. I can't make it with you without you and you can't make it without me. So, we got to work together. We got to call upon the name of the Lord in prayer. Ask that we would speak to one another with love and grace, you know, charity. Amen. my but just think about this as he's and I'll try to wind down with this um but the deception of the world and what's coming is and I think about Saul and I think about how you know the the nation today it's like this great call back you know let's get God back you know and and as a nation you know you'll find that they they're going to start pulling in and it looks like maybe they'll even you know bring back prayer or they might bring back. Hey, let's bring back the ten commandment. Okay, but this is something so profound to me. He says now in 90, it says when we find out that the enemy sets in, he's going to come into a little bunch of God's people and was going to pluck out the right eye of every man. That's what the enemy tries to do is pluck out both eyes if he can so that people cannot see what they're doing. That's what Satan is trying to do today to every Christian. Pluck out his spiritual sight that he can only follow the intellectual sense of things and not the sense of the Holy Spirit leading him. So then when they did that, when that great defeat came, when Saul cut up the two great ox and sent them out to all the people, I wish I had I would notice. I I wish you would notice here when Saul sent the pieces of the ox to all Israel, he said, "Let every man that will not follow Samuel and Saul, let him this ox be as this." Do you see how deceitful he tries to res represent himself with the man of God? Maybe I'll read that and and and you can catch it because he's going to say it again. How uncchristian it was. The fear of the people was because of Samuel. See, the fear of of the people in your life is not because of your intellect. It's because of the seed of God that has been germinated by this message. That resurrection is in you because you've heard the eagle scream, right? because of Samuel. But Saul got them to follow him because that the people feared Samuel. Let them come after Samuel and Saul. And many times today we have heard it. We are the great church. We are the great church of Christ. We are the great church of God. We are the so and so. We make the people get a a fear and think that we're really in where God is working and that don't and they don't want the leadership of the Holy Spirit. They'd rather follow men like that because they like to live their own individual lives. They like to believe what they want to believe, you know. And I just say that's a trap of the enemy, you know. I I just thought that was so profound, you know, and and you know, we don't want to be like, you know, pitchfork Christians and say, "Wow, that's for the world." But that's God's dealing with my heart. like okay so you're saying thi this is the way it is that we by nature we want to live our own individual lives you know and we like to believe what we want to believe but I believe there's a potential in every seed of God to believe the word of God and cut loose of every other thing amen we'll have the musicians Um well I thank God for his word. You know you have the potentials. I I was fellowshipping with a brother some time ago and you know you you know you if it wasn't for the seed of God you you wouldn't be able to believe this like cuz my intellect humanity intellect you cannot figure out God has to search you out he's the one that comes and shines the light on the word of God that it's the seed of God in you that he's drawing. Amen. Why don't we stand? He says this in 98. The Holy Spirit wants you to live a godly life. Every day in the week, every night, separating yourselves from the things of the world. But the church didn't want that. They wanted some man who who can interpret the Bible the way they wanted to hear it. My they wanted to listen to the voice. They won't listen to the voice of the Holy Spirit speaking through the Bible. Many of them wanted to say the days of miracles is passed and they want tickle the people. They wanted to say there's no baptism of the Holy Ghost. The people didn't want to act way different than what the rest of the world acts. Amen. You know, that's part of the rejection that the world, but I'm so thankful. You know, there's a people that have reject this world and embraced the cross. Amen. Why don't we bow our hearts together? If the Lord spoke to you and you just feel that presence of the Lord around you and there's something on the inside just craving the leadership of God. Just want to tell you that if you respond to that that God is obligated to lead you. And if you want to lift your hand and you just want to purpose in your heart that it's only by your word that you want to follow after him with everything in you just like our brother said this morning in his prayer 100%. You want a total deliverance, it's going to require a total surrender. Let us pray together. Heavenly Father, Lord, how we love you, Lord. We recognize that you've placed something in us, Lord. And it was your love, God, to plant that within us. And Lord, we want to respond to that with everything that we have. And we want to say, God, forgive us, Lord. We ask God mercy. and we plead your blood and pray that Lord you would renew us. Oh God make us clean every wit and Lord that we can let go of things that maybe tried to beset our mind and keep us from following after you with everything Lord. Lord, I think of the rapture scripture. He says, "Seek thy face, Lord. Give us, oh God, that uncction to seek with everything that we have, Father. Lord, because we believe it's a craving, Lord." And the vitamin of your word is calling for manifestation, Lord. Help us to be faithful to feed, Lord, to water the seed that you've planted in the garden of our heart, Lord. Lord, give us strength. Give us, oh God, good health, that we can testify and be witnesses to others, Lord, that you've been faithful and that it's you that started the work and it's you that'll finish it. Father, I commit the people, desiring you'd bless them and fill them with all your goodness. Guide them, I pray throughout this week as we commit them to you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Let's sing this together. [Music] Now under your wings, cover me with your mighty hands. And the ocean rise and flow. I will soar with you above the soul. Father, you are king [Music] over you are God. Bless my soul. He [Music] Christ in quiet. When the ocean rise and thunder go, I will above the stor. Father, you are king over. I will be still. [Music] Amen. As we prepare to turn the service over to our brother Billy, if you need special prayer and you want to come, we pray with you. Lord bless you this week. Amen. Let's sing that again. Oh joy, oh Lord will be my strength. [Music] Oh, and when the oceans rise and tides roll, I will sow with you above the stor. Father, you are king [Music] over. Oh, and I will be still for you. Oh, and when the oceans rise and time roll, I will above the storm. Father, you are king over the flood. I will still know you are God. Hallelujah. I believe we believe the word of tonight. Amen. Did he speak to you tonight? Amen. Was something said that just quickened your heart tonight and said, "Lord, thank you." You know, the scripture says that they that are led of the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. Our identification is that we are led by the spirit of God. You know the prophet will say I can't remember what message that I in in our nature it it's natural for women to want to do the things and to look pretty and to put makeup and to do all of that. It's natural as a man to try to do things and then but when we when we are born again that nature is die is dead. We we we the Holy Spirit is to take that nature and kill it and give you a new nature that comes from God. a nature that desire for the things above. Anytime that that old nature try to come up, that old that new nature say, "No, we have given that up. We can't do that anymore." Anytime. But that Holy Spirit had to be fed the word. He He needs the word so he could continue in the fight. He needs the word so he could be there to fight for you. You can't go feed on the things of the world and expect to be an overcomer. You got to feed on the word so that nature could be there. It's it's that desire. We heard it this morning. It was the Holy Spirit. Who knew that when you were in the world in sin, something within your heart said, "This is not right." It was the Holy Spirit after you. I think that's marvelous. Now, and let me say this. One of the things we forget that there are people in this world that that doesn't affect them. That's right. That's right. That's right. They can do whatever they want. They can do it whenever they want. It doesn't affect them. But you are sitting here tonight. When you do wrong, your heartbeat just raises up and something just I can't believe I'm doing this. It's the Holy Spirit. And I don't want you to go that way. And that's what we got to feed. I love how Alberto said it's given so we could feed. We could feed on the word of God. It's a feed. And then the moment you get the Holy Spirit, it's not he he justified you. We sanctify you. Now you are put into service for you to do something for him. Not for us to just say, "Oh, thank God I have the Holy Spirit." But God is putting you into service for something that he wants you to do. We are such a blessed people. Oh, if we can only recognize that God wants to do more above what we can think or ask, that is here drawing you and and bringing you. Let me say this. the leadership of this word of God. It's the Holy Spirit speaking to you. Imagine the blindness that's out there. Our brother read it that you you have the world that even churches the eyes have been plugged out. They've substituted the leadership of the Holy Spirit with the leadership of men. And it's a blind leading the blind. Amen. Without this message, we have no sight. That's right. It's it's God giving us an eyesight. This is going to happen and we see it happen. Watch over there. That's going to happen. Oh my. Let me tell you, if he's showing us all of those things, it's not just so we can see them and and stay. It's is him leading you and letting you know that I'm taking you somewhere. I've shown you all this other things, but I'm taking you. So, our mission is greater than what we see around us. He's taking us into the rapture. Amen. But if we can only follow that leadership and know that when he speaks, oh Lord, I heard your voice. I see this. And let that leadership continue to lead me. I I don't He would speak to churches and men. He said, I can't believe there's this denomination. One will come, a man will speak something that is contrary to the word of God, but yet people will follow him. Insanity. A man will remain in the church that doesn't believe the whole word of God. He just it's like how is it who's leading you? That's why he said he makes a statement that people are being taken to churches instead of being taken to Christ. Why? Because Christ is the word of God. Christ is the reality of this hour. Once you meet him, something within your heart is beating for him. You don't want any substitute. You want him and nothing else. And that's what we desire every day that he may lead us what whatever he wants us to do wherever he wants us. We just want to play the role that he want us to play. We want to be part of his kingdom. That's the There's nothing greater than that than to be part of his kingdom and be called at his service to serve him and to serve his people. Amen. I was thinking about that song. I keep listening um for a different sound. I believe it's F. I don't know. [Music] We hear about the wars. See famine in the land. In the children's eyes, trouble in the east again. The whole world is shaking. There's nurture place to stand. Oh, and mountful sounds I heard throughout the land. Oh, but I keep listening for a different sound. Oh, and the sound of the city that John saw coming down. Oh, and the sound of the rock united with the lamb. Oh, I keep listening. I keep listening. I keep listening for a different sound. Well, I remember the preacher saying, "Sin counter. There will come a generation that will be the light." Oh, I can't believe I'm standing here seeing the end of time. Oh, and a preacher's voice echo in my heart. All that I keep listening to for a different sound. Oh, and the sound of the sea that saw coming down. Oh, the sound of the rocked with the lamb. Oh, I keep listening. I keep listening. I keep listening for a different [Music] sound. Oh, and I keep listening for a different Oh, and the sound of the sea that I saw coming down. Oh, and the sound of the rock united with the Oh, and the sound of the glor glory to the lamb. Oh, I keep listening. I keep listening. I keep listening for her different sound. Hallelujah. The word of God, the end time message, it's a different sound to the believers. Amen. Brother Jerel Cab, if you could just come and dismiss us tonight. [Music] Let's pray. Dear heavenly father Lord we thank you for this evening father your prophets tell us father when we receive your spirit father it's coming with resurrection healing father rapture joy and everything we have needed father and you said that spirit father is in our mouth and our mind and our hearts and you will help us father lord Father, your spirit is something that we must have to survive, Father, in this world, Father. So we thank you, Father, for this evening and for your presence, Father. And we ask you, Father, Lord, for you to fill us with your spirit, Father. Lord help help us father to take time aside every single day to just fellowship with you father consecrate father our life and seeking for your presence father because your prophet tell us once again you tell us the reason that's the main sin doesn't do the will of God is because it doesn't recognize the presence of god so help us father to recognize your presence in our daily life father and we ask you to bless our body angry father lord And we ask you to give him more and more revelation and bless his ministry. Father, give him strength. Father, Lord, we thank you once again for this evening, Father. It's now beginning here, Father. Lord, we ask you to be with us, Father, to the weak and control our mind and and we ask you to take prereeminent, Father, in our life. Take control, Father. You be the guide, Father. Lord surrendering everything to you and our life jobs and all our plan Father throughout the week. We surrender everything to you, Father. We thank you once again this evening, Father, for this opportunity, Father, you're giving us, Father, to gather this evening. In the name of Jesus, we pray. [Music] Amen. Amen. God bless you. Have a wonderful week. Amen. What? See, I just want to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the bloodline. Cuz I'm covered by his blood. Win and you may stay and you may fight. You're going to lose this battle tonight. Because remember you came. [Music] Oh even though my spirit Lord and it seem I can hardly go but still I see victory. Oh many times I'm walking by faith. I can't see my lies before me, but still I see victory. Oh, I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross [Music] my cover by his blood. Oh, and you may stand and you may fight, but you're going to lose this fight tonight. Cause remember you can't cross the blood. Oh, sometimes our battles get hard and they see we are fighting along. Remember when we standing on our so if I were you, I'll turn around and give to you. was hard to believe. You just got to tell Satan, you can't cross my body. Oh, and you may see and you may find you're going to lose this battle tonight. Hallelujah. Just sing my last verse again. Oh, sometimes our battle gets hard and it seems to fight in the heart. Oh, remember I'm standing under all. So Satan, if I you turn around and give up, cuz I do believe you to lose. Oh, and I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross the line. Oh, I love [Music] our Sing it one more time tonight. Oh, and I just got to tell you, Satan, you can't cross because I'm covered by his blood. Oh, you may stand. You lose this tonight. Remember, you can't cross the battle line. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Thank you. [Music]
