################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-01 - [2025-06-01] Faith In Our Promise | Pastor David McGeary Sr. - David McGeary Sr - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-01
Title:   [2025-06-01] Faith In Our Promise | Pastor David McGeary Sr.
Speaker: David McGeary Sr
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQXLjY4jApk
========================================

All [Music] right. [Music] Where are you? [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Let's all stand and sing that this morning. It's so good to be gather in the house of God. [Music] Oh, above all power, above all kings, above all nature and all creative things. Oh, above all wisdom and all the ways of man. For a new way before the world begin all kingom. Oh, above all thrones, above all wonderers the world is ever known. Above all wealth and trees of the earth. [Music] Oh, there's no way to measure what I do. Oh, you were crucified. Oh, I leave behind the [Music] storm on the [Music] ground. You took the fall. Hallelujah. Oh, in the heart of me. Just think about that this morning. Oh above all, oh above all power, oh above all, above [Music] all, oh above all wisdom and all the place. You were here before the world [Music] began. Above all wonder the world is [Music] ever. Oh above all and treasures of the earth for the way to me. [Music] Oh, you are crucified. Oh, I [Music] be tonight. [Music] to perform and you thought me [Music] and rejected all the road on the [Music] ground. You fall and you thought of me. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad he has you on his mind? He died for you. He gave his life for you so you could live today. We can gather here and say, "The Lord thought of me since before the foundation of the world." Brother Troy, if you could just come and open our service in prayer. Amen. So good to be gather in his presence. [Music] God bless you. Isn't it an honor to be in the house of the Lord today? Let's just with that in mind, let's go to prayer. Father, we just thank you, Lord, for your goodness, for your grace, your mercy, things that are just ever present in our heart and mind, Lord, and we're just so aware. And Father, we just pray God that seeing us gathered here today, just a few, but enough that we know you're in in this place with us, God. You said you would be, and we we trust you, God. We pray that you' just bless this service, that you'd bless the the minister, the people as they worship and try to enter in, God, to hear your word and the bread of life broken to us. We pray, God, that you would bless it. And Lord God, that you would be blessed because it's all about you, Father. We just thank you and praise you for it in Jesus name. [Music] Amen. Amen. Man, we want to welcome everyone in the house of God, all our visitors. I'll tell you this morning, I I I just came to my heart. I realized, you know, we don't want to take it for granted coming into the house of the Lord. And we know that it's promised that some of this will become a one house. So, we want to cherish every moment we spend together and just in the presence of the Lord and get everything that we can out of it. Amen. If you could just turn and welcome someone this morning. Amen. And tell them it's good to see them. Amen. Amen. God bless you. May have your seats. Oh, there are people on most everywhere whose hearts are all of a heart which has made it [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, I want [Music] to say I want to know my Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I'm so happy all the way with the Holy [Music] Ghost. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Holy Ghost is the Holy Ghost. Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus [Music] Oh, [Music] Jesus. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Jesus Jesus. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] I am victorius free. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I don't know about you. It doesn't matter what's going on. The moment I step through those doors, Satan, you are behind. Amen. I'm telling you, I'm here to worship the Lord. I'm here to give him glory and honor for all that he does for us. Amen. But Benoa has a special if you could bring it at this time. God bless you, saints. while John makes his way up here. You know, you get to thinking and you realize God called us to be on the front line. He called us to be soldiers. He called us to fight. And we have to take that personally and say, "I'm a soldier in the army of the Lord. This is my battle." So, like Billy said, when you walk into that door, this is the battlefront where I would say, "This is the training ground." And when you go right back out, you're going into war. Sing this song as an encouragement to you guys. [Music] has been made in the blood of the righteous and me today think they'll surely get by. Unwilling to stand or fight in the battle when Christians of old gladly gave their lives. Oh well. Oh, well are those rugged soldiers who stood on the front line and gave up their lives? Tell me where, oh where are those heavens so faithful standing shoulder to shoulder for the cause of Christ. Don't look to your neighbor when the word is going forth. Search deep within yourself. Search your heart and your soul. You'll know for certain if you're giving Christ strong. So lay down all those excuses. Oh, and pick up pick up your cross. Oh well, oh where are those rugged soldiers who stood on the front line and give up their lives? Oh, where oh where are those he ever so faithful standing shoulder to shoulder for the cause of Christ. And here, oh here is one rugged soldier. I'll stand on the front line. I'll give up my life. Oh here. Oh here, Lord. I'll be ever so faithful. Now stand shoulder to shoulder for the cause of Christ. Oh here, oh here is one rugged soldier. I'll stand on the front line. I'll give up my life. Oh here, oh here, Lord, I'll be ever so faithful, standing shoulder to shoulder for the cause of Christ. I'll stand, Lord, shoulder to shoulder. I'll stand shoulder to shoulder. Let me stand shoulder to shoulder for the cause of [Music] Christ. Hallelujah. Amen. For rugged soldiers. We're here for the cause of Christ. Amen. We've been selected for the armies. Amen. Amen. this morning. Man, it's good to see brother Jezef Kitupa back there. If you could stand, we just want to welcome him this morning. I know. Amen. He's in the process of moving from uh Atlanta to uh here to our local church. We certainly want to welcome him and uh that the Lord will certainly be his portion. Amen. Uh brother uh Jose Mendoza writes, he says, "I want to thank everyone for the prayers for my wife. Everything went well with the surgery. She's now resting and recovering. I just like to be remembered that she could just have a faster recovery and it said bless you all and miss uh miss you all and the services. We are currently streaming from Mexico. Amen. We certainly pray that the Lord will be with them and we thank the Lord for guiding the surgery. Amen. And I know there's a lot that are out and visiting different places. And Sister Rebecca, she wanted to be here, but uh we had a musician's practice yesterday. She wanted to be here so bad. But uh uh there was a situation where she had to go to uh Louisiana to go. Um we certainly want to remember her in prayer and an unspoken request. Certainly want to pray that the Lord will be her portion and bring her back safe home. Amen. That's our heart's desire. And I know there are many traveling. Uh we certainly all of them that are traveling. Brother Matthew is out preaching. We pray that the Lord will bring him back Seth home and all the rest of them. We have some requests up here when I read before the church. Amen. Before that, uh Sister Veronic writes an announcement. He said, "Happy birthday to baby John Modi." Now only now you you would have to have been here for a while to understand what baby John means. And uh my we so appreciate him. And I have never seen a talented person like our brother. And you know he helps us with the song and he's sitting back there and we're getting everything wrong and he writes it down and he lets me know that was not the right key. You got to do this over here. do this. We certainly appreciate him and may the Lord bless him and continually be with him and and and we pray that his recovery that the Lord will certainly grant him strength and all that he has need of. Our God is a healer. Our God is delivered. Whatever we have need of, we have confidence that he can do it. Amen. We certainly thank the Lord for that. Um there's another request up here. Please pray for Caitlyn and uh she was uh uh rushed to the ER uh with a severe panic attack this morning. Pray for deliverance uh from depression and anxiety. Our God is a healer. I tell you, no matter what, it doesn't scare me. At least I'll say that. I know that we have a God who can bring healing and all of that. Uh, Sister Sandy writes, "Please pray for uh on my left foot healing and and my right eye healing uh of uh aneurysm. We pray that the Lord will certainly touch and bring his healing touch this morning." If you have a need upon your heart, I don't know in a better place to be than to be in the house of God. Just lift your hand out to say, "Lord, here we are in your presence. We are here for you that all that you wanted for us to do for us that you may do it according to your word." Brother David Junior, if you could just come and the brothers that are taking the offerings, if you could just come at this time. Amen. Don't forget tonight is our communion service. Amen. I my desire is that we may just be as full as we are this morning and come back to the house of God for communion. Amen. Maybe another way of saying prayer request is attention soldiers. Let's just go to him together with our portions of faith. Heavenly Father, when we come before you, Lord, we so grateful that you're mindful of us that we have a confidence that you hear our prayers. Lord, we renew our hearts and strengthen what was accomplished at Calvary, Father. And Lord, we think of how you're so mindful of man that you would come and visit us. Lord, that we could say that we're a people who knows you. That in our hour of need, you came. And Lord, now there's been requests that have been brought to us. Father, think often of as a child would see another child that's in distress and they would run to a parent or someone that could help that's bigger than them. Lord, there's a desperation. There's a need, but there's a complete confidence in who they're going to can help. Lord, we're coming to you with a complete abandonment, complete confidence in you, Father, that the needs that have been spoken, you can meet, Lord. Lord, and not only that, but you already provided a place, a completed work at Calvary, Father, we could come and claim redemptive work and the price paid. Father, we thank you, Lord, that what you suffered is for our benefit. So, we claim the full benefit this morning, Father. Lord, this panic attack, this fear, Lord, we know that's of the enemy, Lord. He's a perverter. the very things that are meant for channels for you to move through, he's corrupted. But you're the prince of peace, Father. Lord, be to a savior to that one in need this hour, Father. Lord, here in this service, the hands that were raised, Lord, may you just move through our unbelief, Father. Cast out anything that's a hindrance, Lord. And may we see you plainly in your word this morning, present help in the time of need. We thank you for Lord our brother John. Lord each step he takes to me is victory. It's a a champion of faith Lord. He encourages my heart every time I see him Lord. The words he shares and Lord he's continually feeding in your word Lord. You're glorified in his life Lord. And we thank you for that. What a testimony you have. And Lord the healing is just waiting to be declared in full manifestation. And we thank you father. Lord, we want to just continue to press, Father, as good soldiers, Lord, to this very hour we stand in right now. There's needs, Lord, and we're not giving up. We're not turning back, Lord. We're we're coming to you completely as you gave your all. We're giving our all, Father. We thank you in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Oh, what gift of grace is Jesus my redeemer. There is no more from heaven now to give. He is my joy, my righteousness and freom. Oh, and my steadfast love. Oh mighty boundless me. Oh and to this I hope my hope is only [Music] Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh and divine. I can see all my [Music] memories for you this morning for us. [Music] We Hallelujah [Music] for my Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] with [Music] [Music] everybody. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] to [Music] his sh. [Music] Why don't you just praise him this morning? Just lift up your voice and say words of praises to him this morning that he made a promise and needs you to fulfill it this morning. Hallelujah. Be lifted up this morning in our midst, Lord. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] How do you [Music] explain? Oh, and how do you describe? Oh, and a love for me. [Music] Oh, and it was as deep as it is. Why? Oh, and you know all I know. Just thank him this morning, Lord. Oh, and Lord, you know all I feel. Oh, and words cannot express the love we feel. Oh, but wait long for you to hear. Let's all stand and sing it. Oh, listen to my [Music] heart. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Yeah. Listen and sing it as you pastor this morning. Oh good for my bra. Oh fin. [Music] [Applause] Oh my [Music] god. Hallelujah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] might listen to our Amen. Our gracious father, this morning we humbly come before you and we exalt your great name. the great love that you showed us in sending your only begotten son who was free from sin but yet took our sin upon himself and he bore our reproach and the chastisement and correction and punishment that was due us. He took it upon himself [Music] And that by those stripes that they laid upon him, Father, through that great suffering, he granted us healing, spiritual healing, physical healing, mental healing. [Music] Father, the complete restoration of our hearts and our minds and our souls. And we this morning as we sing that song, we have not words even to or the mental capability of even comprehending this love which is so beyond understanding. why that you would do such a thing for a people such as us. But Lord, we believe you did and we're thankful this morning. And Father, may we partake in the benefits of Calvary today. We ask it in Jesus precious name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. Let's turn in our Bibles to Hebrews. If you'll uh bear with me a little bit, I as many of you know, I had a a a I and somehow got a cyst on the back of my uh neck and in my neck and it grew in there. And I I told the doctor, I said, you know, I shower twice a day. He said, it doesn't have anything to do with being clean or anything. He says, "Some people get them and some people don't, you know, but I've been on a lot of antibiotics and and uh different pills and shooting shots. I've had quite a bit of infection uh that I've been battling through. Uh but the Lord is gracious, you know, and finally things have turned around, but it's leftly me a little weak and a little shaky. So, uh, um, I'm going to do the best I can this morning and, uh, so if I leave some stuff out, you fill in the blanks. Have you ever Have you ever done fill in the blanks? Well, we had a a Bible quiz the other day. they that someone gave me and I filled in all the blanks. But then they came to the what was the first marriage in the Bible and I got to thinking and I thought you know it's now because of my revelation it wasn't Adam and Eve. I said it must be Cain because the scripture says Cain went out and took for himself a wife right and of course I you know I I missed the quiz but I still think I was right. So anyway, I want to read in Hebrews the 11th chapter and the 8th and 9inth verse or 10 through the 10th verse and uh use this little scripture to just have fellowship with you this morning. Just Sunday school this morning. I'm gonna try to stay relaxed and just uh read a little to you and and uh and we'll just rejoice around God's word. It said, "By faith, Abraham," now Abraham's the father of our faith, right? By faith, Abraham when he was called to go out into a place which he should after receive for inheritance obeyed. And he went out, not knowing whether he went. By faith he so journeyied in the land of promise as a as in a strange country dwelling in tabernacles or tents with Isaac and Jacob heirs with him of the same promise. For he looked for a city which hath which hath foundations, whose builder and maker is God. Gracious Father, bless your word to us. In your precious name we pray. Amen. God bless you this morning. We want to fellowship a little bit this morning around the message uh proving his word and and uh just read some statements and just have a a time together. This scripture uh struck me a a whole lot about Abraham and the kind of faith that Abraham had and uh and being the father of our faith that we knew it wasn't the lineage of Abraham that was imputed, but it was the faith of Abraham. And being the children of Abraham, then we would have to have the same kind of faith that Abraham had. You You understand? In other words, it it's not a different faith. It's the same faith that Abraham had. And and this is such a a a wonderful scripture here as it begins to unfold. So Abraham was called out. He was told to leave where he was go. I like just how Paul puts he says A Abraham when he was called to go out. So he was called to go out to a place and and he had never been to a place called out to go to a place which he should after receive for inheritance. So he he went out he stepped out into a place was called out to a land to go to this land and that land was going to be his inheritance because he had a promise and so he obeyed the promise and Abraham he stepped out and made a move in to this land. He he he he so journeyied there as a stranger, you know, not knowing that he was going to fall heir to all that land. And we find out later through Jacob and and Israel and and and Isaac and the 12 tribes and the going into that and the coming back out and the establishing of the kingdom. That whole thing finally became the inheritance of Abraham and became the land that he dwelt in and the borders that he had. And Israel to this day still claims that to be their land. the land of promise. Now, politically, that's not very popular and has caused a lot of trouble and a lot of commotion. And we won't go through all those all that side of it, but we just want to talk a little bit about Abraham and and what what he did. So, he's walking in a land that's promised to him. It's his inheritance. It's his land. But he he's he he didn't know where he went. In other words, it it hadn't materialized, if I could say it this way. In fact, he was there in that land of promise almost like a stranger. This is strange to me. And I'm saying this to this morning because Abraham, he he stepped out and he made his move based on the promise. That's right. Not on what he seen, not what he felt, not what he heard, not on what he could explain. But Abraham moved into a situation. He moved into a lifestyle. He moved into a way of thinking, if I could say this way, with a hope on his heart, with somebody's longing in him and searching in him, he he walked into this place and he sojourned there even like he didn't belong. They didn't feel he belonged. Who's this guy comes over here and he brought his family with him? Uh he he brought Isaac and Jacob and and and and they were also heirs to the promise because he said to your seed and and your seed seed and so they were heirs to the promise. And so he walks into this this land. He moves to this place because God told him to move. And and he he does this solely not from anything that he could understand, but his faith was based on the promise. So he stepped out on a promise. And and this morning is kind of where I'm I'm going and we want to fellowship a a little bit around is you when you faith steps out into something and believes something that they haven't seen or understand. They don't walk by faith. We we're to walk by faith, not by sight. Isn't that correct? That we want to we want our lives to grow spiritually. We want to we want to fulfill what the will of God is in our life. But with that is a stepping out. I it's it's a leaving the place that you're comfortable. leaving leaving the things that you are and stepping into situations, stepping into circumstances, stepping into challenges, stepping into places of of confusion and and trouble and and all these things that surround us. and stepping out on faith. Not worrying about anything that's there, anything that's said, not worrying about whether you understand it or not, but knowing one thing. You have a promise. And the the believer's life like Abraham's life is based on promise, not on production. We've we've trying to take it too much upon ourselves to to feel that we have to produce a certain lifestyle or we have to produce a certain way of living. that we have to give up things and and and do this and do that and and and trying to grab forth of the responsibility. Abraham stepped out and into a land where he was promised that he was going to have seed offspring and he went out having no evidence. In fact, his wife and him that she couldn't even bear children and yet he's got this promise and his faith was not and you know the guy if you look at him you wouldn't measure up anything man twice he lied about his wife. we would think, oh, if he if he was, you know, this great patriarch, how could he do these things? And I think it's orchestrated by God so we can come to the place that that we grab a hold of this that was not held against Abraham. That was Abraham's carnal decisions and and his carnal battle. So he tells the king, "Now this is my sister." The king says, "She's beautiful." And the brother Ram says, "We have the revelation of that." Because a king's not going to like an old 80 100y old, you know, he's got everything. God transformed them. But anyway, so they're they're so he lies to the king. The king's righteous. So God goes visits the king and tells him he said this is my servant. Okay. This is I've chosen this guy. Go have him pray for you. Pray for me. Yes. Not because you're righteous, but because of who Abraham was. You understand? He wanted He that was a blessing to the king. Right. It if you have Abraham pray for you because of who that I made him, because of how that I called him, because who he is and what that I've called him and what part of it he's done and and that that he will attribute to you and and pass to you a blessing. It was because that Abraham was was chosen by God to to fulfill a plan. So God had a plan. Do you understand that? So God h had something that he's going to accomplish, something that's going to to come to pass, something that he said, "Uh, I'm I'm going to do this." You know, way back in the beginning before the foundation of the world, he he he wanted to have a people called out. He had this great plan in his mind how this was all going to uh unfold. And just like Noah, he knew the time would come that he would destroy the earth. And so he spoke to Noah. And Noah by promise, not by righteousness, not that he was an engineer, not that he had any ability or talent within himself, but because God chose him. And by the election of God's choice, he gave Noah a promise and told Noah it would rain and that God will provide him a way of escape. And Noah believed it. That's right. He didn't build the ark on science. He didn't build the ark on what he heard, what he saw, what he felt. He could He had no senses or logic that he could attribute his actions to. In fact, he was criticized. He was mocked. He he was had no doubt a tremendous amount of resistance, but the only thing that drove him was that he had a promise. Now, we're the children of Abraham. Do you understand? So, we can't go by what we see. But we've got to go by what's promised to us. And I I hope that I I won't be able to go too long this morning, but I I hope that that you can see that Abraham stepped out on that promise. So, we talked about this as our little study's been going about. You've got to have faith in your call. You got to know that God calls you. We're going to go over this again this morning. And you've got to know that the potential is in the promise. Abraham's dwelling in a land. And he's walking in a land. And it says he's sojourned in the land of promise, the very land that was promised to him. He's he as a strange country dwelling in tabernacles and with Isaac in them. So he steps out into this land. It's the land that's promised to him. It's the very land that that is heir to him. He's got his heirs with him. All this is his land. And yet to him it's like a a strange country. In other words, a place that he had never been before. And so many people fail to step out because of the fear of failure. They're not sure what will happen. They're not sure if I give up my job to do a certain thing for God, what what the result of that would be. They they feel that that there's certain things that they've got to make sure that they have. They I've got to have so much money in the bank. I've got to do this. I I've I've got to do that. And can And they won't step out on faith. Like it's into a land they never been before into places and situations and circumstances that they can't understand, but there's something inside of them, a faith inside of them that they felt God spoke to them. And because God spoke to them and God give them a promise, they stepped out on this promise. I will not see the righteous bake bread. Lord, I'm going to believe that. You may be ending up doing job that you never thought you would do. Things may not go, but you're part of the plan of what God has for you by promise. Now, Abraham was part of the plan of God in order for God to fulfill his word. Because all scripture must be fulfilled. So God has people that are elected and chosen and predestinated to fulfill and perform and bring the scriptures to pass. So they become part of the fulfillment. Abraham was part of the fulfillment of God's plan. Abraham didn't choose God. God chose Abraham. Amen. God knew Abraham would believe. He knew that there was something in Abraham that he created and put in there that Abraham was going to accept it. He he believed it. And when Abraham when God gave him the promise, come on. Abraham says, "Wait a minute. You know, we're we're dead. You know, Sarah, she's she can't have children. and I can't have children. What What are you saying? Didn't matter. He made his move not based on anything other than the promise. Now, Abraham was part and elected and chosen to be part of God's plan. So therefore, Abraham had to go through every circumstance, every challenge. God brought him through everything that that came against him, every battle that he had, even going to get Lot, you know, Sodom and Gamore, all the different things that that went on in Abraham's life. It all was transpiring and all came to pass and all transpired and developed according to the promise that God gave Abraham, right? It was based on promise. And and and there's promises for our day. And if there's promises for our day, there's people that God chooses to accept those promises and step out into those promises. Not faith in themselves, not in their ability, not in in their uh their intellectual uh expression. In other words, they draw the picture in their mind. They have an intellectual conception and they think that's the way it is. They think that's the way religion is. They think that's the way God works is. you know what they perceive, what they put together, their theology, they build the scriptures, they put the quotes together, they do whatever they want to do, and then they in their mind they think this is the way it is. It is the way God planned it to be. And you can't you can't put the events that happens into your life and make sometimes reasoning out of it. Because sometimes they don't make sense. That's right. Yes, sir. Why am I here? What did this happen? Why did I do that? How did I do this? You could go on forever there. There's no there's not the answer. The answer is God had a promise. He made a promise and he chose you. to be a part of that plan. Hallelujah. So if he elected you to be a part of that plan, then there's a part of that plan that you have to fulfill. And all you need to understand is is the promise. Did he promise to have a bride? Did he promise to have an elect? in this age. Did he promise to send a prophet messenger for this age? And you begin to see the things that are promised and you see those promises. You see these things that were foretold. You recognize them and you understand them. And now you're called to step out into that promise into the land of promise. And he he so Abraham had to step out and so journey in a land of promise. And that's where we are today. We're at the hour where we've got to start going into the land of promise. what's promised to us. And so I'd like to read a little bit and talk as we go uh out of the message um proving his word because God has chosen you to fulfill the promises of this age. And now he wants you to have the faith of Abraham. I have received this promise. I know this promise is mine. I believe that God is not that there is a God, but God is and he is a rewarder of those that seek him. Not that there's a God or I know there's a God. But when you say, "I believe that that God is," in other words, I believe God's got a plan. I believe that everything that's happening is happening according to his word and his will. And I don't want unbelief to affect me. I'm going to have to realize that my calling, if it's the faith of Abraham, is going to have to be the same faith of Abraham. That I'm going to have to step out believing that these promises that God's given me for this age will come to pass. that there's potential in that promise to do exactly what God said. And Abraham staggered not at the promise of God because he believed and knew that God was able to perform that which he promised. Abraham didn't do anything within himself except believe. Right. That what God promised would happen. Now, we're the children of Abraham. So, as I read these little statements and we go through them, so you're going to have to be meant on the same ground. You're going to have to be in the same place Abraham was. You're going to have to be in the same place the disciples were. Every age has got a place where they look around. They recognize the hour that they're in. They recognize the promises for that hour. They accept the promise. Amen. And then they stepped out based on not what they see, not what they hear, not what they feel, not what they smell, but they walk out solely in obedience to the promise knowing that God is able to keep that promise. Amen. Nothing else. I'd like just uh if I there's a couple little statements in this I like so much. He says, "So, we know that God allotted in every age uh the word something in that age that would come to pass, right? In every age he's allotted what events would take place, who would be called, whose name was written on the book, how he would go out and find each one of them and bring them in. how h how he would seek them out and find them and choose them and elect them and put something in them that caused them to respond. And then in every age he expected if if I could I I don't know if the word expect is really the one I want but he knew that those people would hear the word of God. They would receive the revelation and then they'd meet the challenge. That's right. of stepping out and living their life based on that promise in the face of every negativity. So let's just follow this along if we could. He says he so he's talking here. He says, he says, "Now we see another one then you no doubt have heard the saying, seeing is believing." Okay, we're we're we're trying to understand now that we're going to move by promise, not by any other method. by promise. That's another old proverb we have here, but it doesn't work either. It doesn't work because man can sit and look right straight at anything and they'll not see it. The word sea, English word sea, has so many different meanings. Sea might be a body of water. See might mean to uh to to understand. See might mean to look at it. Oh, there's just all kinds of words you can use. But when you say seeing is believing, you're mistaken. So he's starting to eliminate all other avenues of faith other than promise. He doesn't want you to believe on what you see. He doesn't want you to believe on what you feel. He doesn't want you to believe on on any other senses or mental capacity other than he gave the promise. Because remember in Peter it says by these exceedingly great and precious promises that we are partakers of divine nature. So it it's it's not what how your life is. It isn't your righteousness that's is filthy rags. It it isn't your association. It isn't your church. It isn't your upbringing. It's not your family. It's not who you were born to. It comes down to one thing. Have you received the promise? Has God promised you anything? The whole book's full of promises. Every promise in the book is mine. Amen. Every chapter, every verse, every line, the believer reads this Bible for the sole purpose of receiving its promises. It's not a history lesson, though it is a history lesson. It's not education, though it is education. But really what it becomes to the believer, the word of God becomes the word of promise. Abraham when he received God's promise, I'm going to make you the father of many nations. You see this mountain, all this land that you walk on, it's yours. When you see this great thing, I'm giving this all to you. Your your seed will inherit this land. the very redeemer was going to come to the land. That's right. And and God had a long range plan even in the sacrificing of Isaac showing that the whole plan of God was was was laid out and it was working. And Abraham went up there and said, "Wait, God promised me. He gave me this seed. He promised he would be heir." So he was willing to obey because his faith was in the promise, not what he felt, not what he seen. And he said, "Wait a minute." He said, "God will provide a sacrifice." He was prophesying. about the lamb of God that was to come. Why? Because Abraham and Isaac were elected chosen pieces of the puzzle. And they had their place that they had to fulfill. So we want to build our faith and our faith has to have a resting place. So, as we read this, you can see it. He says, so we're going to read in paragraph 68 of proving his word. He says, "When you understand it, you believe it." Jesus said, "Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom." In other words, understand the kingdom because the kingdom is the Holy Spirit in you. So the kingdom is the Holy Spirit in you. All right. A man's born again. another his old nature dies. Now he has something that's in him. Now I want to read this next statement just for a moment. It really I just read it over and over and over and over again. The Holy Spirit is the kingdom of God in you. And then look what he says. You have to understand what this is in you. You have to understand what is this spirit that's in me. So God gives me a spirit. And we're not going to go into how that you got it. Some people get it without sensation. Some people got there's just a change in their life. our our our sister that's going to be baptized. Something came along in her life. She saw something. She felt something. She wants her life to be different. God's dealing with her heart. She doesn't know it. It's just that God's picked her and chosen her to be a part of his plan. Amen. Amen. And she's going to step out in faith, be baptized, do the things, go forward, she's now going to go into a land that she'd never been before. A land that's strange to her. and she's going into that land based on the promise that Jesus will not forsake her or leave her and will keep her and that he's able to perform exceedingly and abundantly above what she can ask or think. She's willing to step out and go into that land. And yet here we sit tomorrow this morning and so many of us won't move forward into the land of faith. Do we understand what this is in you? So do you see it? Do you understand what this is in you now? This what is in you? The Holy Spirit that's in you, the seed that God put in you, you've got to understand it. Now, what is this spirit that God put in you? What is the whole purpose of the spirit of God is to fulfill the word of God. Absolutely. Now, this spirit's in you. It's driving you. It's got a plan. It's got a purpose. It It's got to get you to the place. It's got to reveal the promises. It's got to have you come to the spot because it's driving you to fulfill the promise. It's not an anointing only if I could use that. The word anointing is got great avenues. It's not a feeling. This spirit that God puts in you and calls you, forgives you of your trespasses, chooses you just like he did Abraham. Now, this spirit that is in you that he gave you has one quest. It has one journey. It has one thing on its mind. Fulfill the promise of God. It's kind of it's it's like you get it now. You've got a path set before you and a plan set before you to fulfill the word of God for your age. The word of God must be fulfilled. That's what Jesus said. All scriptures must be fulfilled. Why? The spirit that was in him took him to the cross, resurrected him. Because the spirit that's in you is not for you to go out and be able to lay your hands and do works in all this. That's not the goal of the spirit that's in you. This goal of the spirit that's in you is to fulfill the word of promise for this age. He's chosen you to fulfill the word of promise for the age. And and we'll go uh I'm going to have a close here pretty quick. He said, "You have to understand what this is in you. What is this thing in me? What's it doing with me? Why is it leading me the way it's leading me? That's right. Cuz it's got to fulfill all scripture must be fulfilled. There's going to be a bride without spot or wrinkle. The spirit in you has got one thing in mind. I've got to take this personal that God put me in and make them a part of that spotless bride. Amen. I've got to take this person and have them go into all the world and preach the gospel. I've got to take this person and have them build the statue of a perfect man. I've got to take this person and fulfill everything that God said in his word. I I'm I'm driven [Applause] to take the person that's received me and make them fulfill every promise in this book. And he don't care whether Peter said, "Think it not strange at the fiery darts of your enemy at the trying of your faith which is more precious. than gold. You got to understand where the spirit's taking us. There's so much confusion. Just get the spirit. Do you got the spirit? Well, how do you know whether you got the spirit? You know whether you got the spirit by where it's taking you. Now listen, okay? And the only way you'll understand it is to compare what it makes you do with the Bible said it would make you do. So what's the spirit do? It fulfills the promise. So what's the promise for this age? What did God promise to do? He's got a promise for every age. He He elects the people. Now the spirit is going to take those people and he's going to move them to fulfill the promise of the age, not another age. We're not building boats, right? But it's going to compare what it does with the Bible. Malachi 4:5, Luke 17:30, the lady of seeing church age, all the things that's promised. Now, this person can look out and see, is the spirit that's in me fulfilling the promises of the hour? Because the spirit only moves by promise. Let's just keep reading. And so, Brother Ben goes and talks about a bottle of water. You know, I see the bottle of water, but now I close my eyes, I don't see it. So, I feel it, right? And so now I I know the bottle of water's there because I feel it. Okay. Now I don't feel it, but I I know the bottle of water's there because I can smell it. No, I can't see it and smell it, but maybe it's there because I can hear it. Okay. But if I have a promise, I don't need any of those. Yes, that's right. Now, I'm going to understand the spirit that's in me. The spirit in me is not interested in the your sight. He He's He really are not He's not interested in all the problems that you've got yourself in cuz he'll get you out. Cuz he's got a job to do. And his job is to get you to fulfill every promise no matter what he has to do. Just like Abraham. Well, hey, Abraham's got a job to do. Sorry, king. But I've got I picked him to fulfill something and he's going to fulfill it. And no wonder brother Ram says you can save yourself and God a lot of trouble. Understand the spirit that's in you. You look at all your troubles. I don't care how bad your home life is. I don't care how bad anything is. If you can anchor in a promise and know the spirit of God is going to fulfill that promise in this age and he's elected and chosen you to be part of the plan that fulfills it. We'll just uh we'll just read here. He says now he says faith must have a resting place, right? It's got to have something it believes. So it can't believe in sight because we can disprove it. It can't believe anything that can be disproven wrong is wrong. For we know that that none of those things five senses is evidence of things hoped for. If you smell it, you know it's there. You're not still hoping for it. But you've got the promise. And the promise is that God will perform what he promised. Now, the spirit is going to get you like it did to Abraham to move out into that land of promise. Step out in faith like your soul journeying in a place that you've never been before. But your faith has got to anchor. I'm not afraid to make this step. I'm not afraid to make that step. God promised he'd be with me. He promised he'd never leave me nor forsake me. He provided that he'd provide all things. I'm walking out in faith. I'm believing. I'm resting in the promise. And the spirit that's in me, only identifies with the promise. That's right. Amen. doesn't identify with everything else that's going on in the world. We do. It don't. Let's just read. I'll I'll be done just a few minutes. I think faith must has a resting place. Anything that's contrary to the word of God, faith in God have no resting place unless it's a promise of God. Unless it's a promise. God can't do anything other for you than what he promised he would do. Brother Brand will go on to say it. He says, "You can say to the son, be still and it ain't going to change because it's set in order." Amen. is a plan and you're not going to change the plan of God. So, let's just read on. Unless it's a promise and and there it takes its eternal stand. It's a promise. The spirit in us is to bring to pass the promises of God to us. It's not a shiver. It's not a quake. It it's it's not a feeling. It's not a worship. It's got one goal. To take you from out of this world, buildeth in you the character and stature of a perfect man, and prepare you for the rapture. All the other stuff that's going on is just the great battle in your mind. Now, watch this this morning. But in the face of all these undoubting ages and things that we have went through and live in today, the worst of all, in the face of all this doubt, God goes God does go right on proving his word to be right as he has in every age. Don't matter what rises up, don't matter how evil it gets. It don't matter how dark it's it. God's going to go right on proving his word. The spirit of God is going to continue to take you to fulfill what's promised. Hallelujah. Now, that's what the spirit of God is doing now. He's trying to take this bride, not just to study it and go over it and and turn the pages and reread the quotes over and over again. Is trying to get this bride to perform that which was promised. Amen. You don't think you have power in his word. The prophet God God finally looked at him. He says, "Why cry? I called you. I elected you to lay hands on the sick, not the ministry. You to cast out demons." Amen. You don't just cast out demons by having a a a movie, you know, where you're going to lay hands and the demon's going to come out. You sit down and you tell somebody about the love of Jesus Christ. Deliver them from drugs, alcohol, you've casted out a demon. Yes, sir. When you move Satan out of the house and by the word of faith, you being Christ into that house, you've cast out a devil. You've evicted the occupancy. And that's what the spirit of God's going to do. He's going to have a people in this age that's going to hunt. Hallelujah. for their body parts. Amen. They're going to hunt for those that that make them whole. They're sojouring and a land of stranger. In other words, he didn't say, "Oh, I'm in the land now. It's all over." No, he he kept walking. The spirit kept driving him. God had a plan. Oh my, we could stay the the whole gospel forever. He said, "Unbelief doesn't stop God. It doesn't hinder him." Now, you've got to understand this because you're going to meet all the opposition. You're going to meet all the unbelief. You're going to meet all the criticism. You're going to meet everybody's ideas, everybody of how it should be. You'll even meet your own idea of how you think your life ought to be. If I was a Christian, I wouldn't have a trouble. If I had faith, I wouldn't have a great big growth on my neck. Well, he didn't promise me I wouldn't have a growth. He promised me when the growth would come, he'd take care of it. I didn't put my confidence in the doctor. In fact, the doctor I don't want to say it that way, but anyway. Yeah, he messed it up. It got all infected. It was terrible. I'm eating these antibiotics until I my blood inside of me I don't even think's real blood anymore. Alls I got in me is an antivirus. I got uh you know macafferty running in my veins or Norton or something, you know, just fighting in my body. You know, I'm just looking for some strength. I'm looking for some life. You know what I mean? I'm walking around like a zombie. But that don't matter. You know what that spirit in me is going to do? I'm going to fulfill the promise. If I got to drag you across the finish line, the Holy Spirit had to drag Abraham through all those deals cuz he was a part of the plan. He was chosen. God elected and chosen him to fulfill his word in him in this day. And the word must be fulfilled. And the understand the spirit that's in you, that spirit that's in you only has one goal. To get you to fulfill the word of promise that is in you. Unbelief doesn't hinder God. I don't care how much the world unbelieves. It's still going to happen. Why? It's promised. Unbelief doesn't do anything but condemn the unbeliever. The unbelief will send the unbeliever to hell. It'll rob him of every blessing God promised to him. But it doesn't hinder God from going right on with the believer. So unbelief doesn't stop God. It only stops the unbeliever. Don't let the unbeliever stop you. No matter how many woes they say, or how many fears if you step out on faith, oh, this is going to happen and that's going to happen. Wait a minute. Unbelief don't stop God. All right. The spirit that's in me, I'm going to step out into that land. Oh, what happens if it doesn't happen? What's going to happen to your testimony? Do you know success and failure launches from the same spot, the same position, the same launching pad. Everybody that succeed and everybody that fails stands in one spot. The failure was ruled by fear. The success is ruled by faith. Why am I not going to fail? Look at yourself, David. You're crank. You're mean. You're an alcoholic. You're a a drug user. Uh you're you're a work slave. Uh you know what I mean? You you you can't remember two sentences in a a row. Uh you know, how are you going to be successful? One way only. Yes, sir. By promise. That's right. He promised me. Yes, he did. That if he started the work, he would finish it. He promised me that he would not leave me nor forsake me. He promised me nothing could pluck me out of the palm of his hands. And the spirit that in in me only identifies with the promised word of God. Amen. Not the shivers, not the shakes, not the worship, not the miracles. It stands on the promises of God alone. God will not do for you anything other than that which he promised. The spirit wants in you is trying to connect with a promise. is trying to lead you to a promise. The spirit of God is to bring you into remembrance of all things that he said and promised. You say, "How do I know I got the Holy Ghost?" How is it leading you? Is it leading you to act upon the promise? Satan knows everything I know this morning. He just don't have the promise I have. He can fail, but I can't. I can make mistakes. I can cause a lot of wrecks, right? I can mess up a lot of things, but none of that stops God. Your own unbelief doesn't stop God. Now, he may have to work you over to make you desperate, but he's not going to lose. That's right. He said, he says, "But it doesn't hinder God from going right on with the believer." See, the unbeliever doesn't stop God. It only stops the unbeliever. You say, "The sun ain't going to shine tomorrow. I'm going to stop it. You try it." All right? You can't do it. God has set it in order and said that it would shine and it's going to shine. That's all. God selected you to be a [Music] fulfillment of the promises of Lady Oia and the promises of his bride in this age. And if you get the spirit, the spirit is going to conform to the word of God. It doesn't have its own agenda. And you can't take the spirit and try to use it to perform your agenda. We could go into false anointed ones at the end time. He says in order it would shine, it's going to shine. He said it would, and there might be some clouds under it, but it's still shining just the same. And you can't stop God with that. How does he make his word known to the people? First, God knowing that there would be unbelievers. Now watch the wisdom of God. Knowing there would be unbelievers and how the majority would be unbelievers. By his fornowledge, he predestinated a seed for every age that would believe it. That's a promise. Now, if you'll notice in there, for each age goes right on with the word, his word, everything right on time. Nothing's hindering God. I don't care how bad it gets, he goes right on. every click is moving just exactly right. We think sometimes it's not going to work right. But don't you worry, his clock is timed just exactly to the split instance and everything's working just exactly right. Lord, how come I don't got work? How come this isn't happening? How come that, you know, God might have to get you into a certain spot so he can kind of get the message to you that he's been trying to get to you? What do you do when everything falls apart? Do you do you do you uh do you put all your hope in uh you know Zip Recruiter? Oh, I sure hope Zip Recruiter comes through. Wait a minute, Lord. It's your word. I want to work. I want to be in a place where my light can shine. I'm promised that you'd set my light on the hillside. Job don't even come into it. Job secondary. It's what's the promise? What's the promise for my age? What's the promise for me of believers? What promises do I have? If I was to go down the aisle this morning and say, "Give me exceedingly great and precious promise that God gave you." What promise do you have for God to you? What's your promise? What's your promise? You tell me a promise. You know what we'd get? We'd get an F. Nobody would grab a hold of it. Job did. He went through all that stuff so he could get one revelation that there was a resurrection. You say, "What's Job's promise?" Job said, "Though the skin worms eat my flesh, yet I'll see God." Hallelujah. You listen to this message and you read your Bible to get promise. Faith only rest in the promise. The church is built on the promise. This message is built on the promise of Malachi 4:5, Luke 17:30, and Revelations 10:7. It was a promise that came to pass. That's why we're here. Sorry. He says, he says, "When I look around sometimes and see these Rickies and Rickheads that we got today on the street and how everything's going on, I think, oh God, ain't that the truth." I had some friends of mine, they went to a great big gigantic church, gigantic church in Arizona. They had a great big national youth convention and concert, you know what I mean? And they went there. Everybody's running around in shorts and tank tops and and you know, their music's just rock and roll and they're sitting there going, "Oh, God. Oh God, don't worry. It's all in time. It's all happening. So if that side of the promise is happening, don't you think the other side of the promise is happening? Let me let me finish this morning. Wait a minute. He said, "See, my time piece is turning just exactly right. I've got to put you upon the same basis I did the first man in them days. I put you on the same basis of Luther, on the same basis of Wesley." Because you see, sin wasn't known then like it is now. And when we get more knowledge now than we had then, when the enemy comes in like a flood, the spirit of God raises up a standard against it. Everything's perfect. Listen to what he goes on to say. It's all been prophesied. It's all right on time. The fact that boys are becoming girls and girls are becoming boys and and and all this craziness. Right on time. Millions of people right on time. Wars and rumors and hatred and violence right on time. He didn't say we'd fix it. He said we'd have victory over it and we would find and help all of our own out of Sodom and out of Gamora. He and now today we've got more knowledge, more understanding. So the rivers of unbelief is flowing in hard, but God raises up a standard against it. But remember, he always the reason that he predestinated these things to happen, he fortold them by his prophets they would happen. And when the righteous see these things confirmed, then they know it's right. Regardless of what anyone else says, you know this message is right. Amen. You see the days of Solomon. You see all these things that have all been predestinated to come to pass. And you have a promise that God would send you Elijah. You have a promise that he'd restore the faith back to the children. You had a promise that he would not leave your soul in corruption. You've got all these promises that now in the midst of all this unbelief and all this darkness, you live according to those promises. And he said, "I won't leave you nor forsake you, but I'll be with you even in you till the end." No, I am going to fulfill in you the role that I predestinated to be in you from the beginning. Amen. I am not going to fail. And then we'll just finish with this this statement. He said these things is known regardless of what anybody else has said. We find out there I believe it. First Thessalonians he said he had predestinated us to the adoption of children by Jesus Christ. God saying God not saying I'll choose you and don't choose you but by his fornowledge knowing what you would do. So he for by his fornowledge he set in order and make everything to work for his good and for your good. Do you believe the promise this morning? Do you understand? You've got to understand the spirit in you. the spirit in you the word and it does one thing only. Jesus said, "I must fulfill all righteousness. I must fulfill all those things that were spoken of me." Can you believe that this morning? Can you believe that you're that fulfillment of God's word? that your life that the tragedies and the sufferings and the things that you've been through your life that God will still keep you and protect you and he won't lose you cuz he promised. Do you believe it? What do you have for proof, brother McGary? Nothing but a promise. What's your evidence? a promise. Why are you going to heaven? Because he promised. How do you know your sins are forgiven? He promised. He promised if I confess them, he'd forgive them. How do I know anything by promise? What's the spirit that in me? I now understand the spirit that's in me. I understand where it's leading me. I'm not confused when the prophet of God said the evidence of the Holy Spirit is to say amen to every promise of God. I begin to understand that now. God bless you this morning. I'm going to be uh I won't be back here to minister till uh communion tonight. Uh and then I won't be back till the 22nd of September. I'm I'm going on a uh a a a couple week vacation of fishing in Canada. So, uh would you all stand on the bank and tell me to cast my lure here and cast my lure there that I can fill my boat with an abundance of catch? I let him go anyway, but pray for me. Um, I'm weary in my spirit and Satan's battling me a lot in my mind and and making a great struggle because I've got this burning in my heart of what I feel the path forward for the church is. And I believe the path forward is the church to start acting and performing what's been promised to her. And it's not sitting in camp agreeing that brother Brandham's a prophet. That's settled. Even the world believes Brother Bram's a prophet. They'll call him the great prophet. But that the spirit is not leading them to fulfill the promise of a bride. And I don't care. Don't look in the mirror. Don't look back. Faith only sees what's promised. And faith is the evidence of things hoped for, not yet seen. But it holds the promise knowing that God which promised it is able to perform. That's what she promised. Our sisters ready to be baptized that you could go around to the back. The brothers will help. God bless you this morning. Pray for me on my vacation. Thank you. [Music] Amen. Praise God. Let's stand this morning. Amen. Just want to say to me that was the perfect understanding of what the Holy Spirit is. What is it that's leading you? And where is it leading you to? It's God performing his word in the believer. Amen. Key of F. Amen. Oh, pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Oh, and sit to my thirsty soul. Oh, come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. Oh, when I need you now. Oh, pour your spirit out. Oh, and pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Oh, s Oh my thirsty soul and come and fall aresh on me. Is that your heart desire this morning? Oh heal my heart. Heal my heart. Oh me. Oh, and I need I need your pour your sp Oh Lord, I see you. You needle. Oh, I'm fly by looking for [Music] you. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] My [Applause] [Music] soul fresh [Music] [Applause] [Applause] [Music] me. I need you. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Jes. Oh, I need you for your sp. Hallelujah. So many times I question certain circumstances, things I could not understand. [Music] Oh, and many times a trials weakness burst my vision. My frustration gets so out of hand. Oh, it's that I am reminded I've never been forsaken. Oh, I never had to face one trial. Hallelujah. With and I look in all the victory his spirit rise up. Oh it's through the fire. Halleluah. [Music] Oh my god. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, I just remember when you stay in the [Music] valley just my will take you to the the king. Oh, I know within myself that I will surely burn. Oh, but if I trust the hand of God, he'll shield the flames again. Again. Oh, he never promise. Like a cross would take heavy and he would not be hard to climb. Oh, we never victory without fighting. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Just my Lord will show up. Oh my god. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Sing just for our Lord will show up. Oh to the father again. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Praise the Lord. God bless you this morning. Ashley's come to be baptized because she wants to be a Christian. Amen. and she wants God to redirect her life and the Holy Spirit to perform all the promises that are in the book which are her promises to come to pass in this life. And so we'll go to the scriptures that's found in the book of Acts. find it here in the second chapter of the book of Acts, we read these uh great words that were spoken. It says, "Therefore, let all the house of Israel know that assuredly that God hath made that same Jesus whom ye have crucified both Lord and Christ." Amen. Now when they heard this, they were pricked in their hearts and said unto Peter and the rest of the apostles, men and brethren, what shall we do? Amen. Great question. Amen. And he gave him this beautiful answer. Then Peter said unto them,"Repent and be baptized, every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost." For this promise is unto you, and unto Ashley, and to your children, your children's children, to all them that are far off, even as many as our Lord our God shall call. And with many other words, he did testify and exhort, saying, "Save yourself from this up towards generation." Amen. That's what she's come today. to receive the spirit and to escape this evil generation. Our gracious heavenly father according to the word of promise to go into all the world and preach the gospel to baptize them in the name of the father the son and holy ghost and by divine revelation we know that's the lord Jesus Christ we baptize sister Ashley in the name of the lord Jesus Right. Amen. Let's all stand. Amen. Let's sing if that same spirit Amen. Oh, if that same [Music] [Music] Christmas Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. I see [Music] Christ. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I see. I wish [Music] you split. [Music] Dwelling [Music] you [Music] might Hey, hey, [Music] hey. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music]
