################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-09 - [2025-04-09wed] Wednesday Evening Service  Pastor David McGeary Sr. - David McGeary Sr.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-09
Title:    [2025-04-09wed] Wednesday Evening Service | Pastor David McGeary Sr.
Speaker:  David McGeary Sr
Church:   Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 2m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zDTYBX3K-HU
========================================

Description:
Wednesday Evening Service
Christian Life Tabernacle
April 9th, 2025
Bedford, Texas

The church body of Christian Life Tabernacle began in 1978 when David McGeary moved to Texas from Arizona and began pastoring a small group of believers in Haltom City. Presently located in Bedford, Christian Life Tabernacle is a City set on a Hill in the middle of the Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area.

Christian Life strives to be a witness to the DFW area by proclaiming the Gospel of Jesus Christ that has been restored in its fullness by God through His servant William Marion Branham. As an angel messenger to the Gentile church age described in Revelation 3:14-22, this Prophet’s Message was supernaturally vindicated by God to be the Truth, and ministered an exodus from the creeds and doctrines of this Laodicean church world.

"Not for one moment do I bring a message to the people that they may follow me, or join my church, or start some fellowship and organization. I have never done that and will not do that now. I have no interest in those things, but I do have an interest in the things of God and people, and if I can accomplish just one thing I will be satisfied. That one thing is to see established a true spiritual relationship between God and men, wherein men become new creations in Christ, filled with His Spirit and live according to His Word. I would invite, plead and warn all to hear His voice at this time, and yield your lives completely to Him, even as I trust in my heart that I have given my all to Him. God bless you, and may His coming rejoice your heart." - William Branham
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Let's just stand and Sing that my God is awesome of the mountain. Keep me in the valley. Hide me from the rain. My God is awome. Today I am forgi. His grace is why I'm living. Praise his holy name. My God is awome. Oh, you are awome. You are awome. Oh, awesome. Oh, my God is awesome. Oh savior of the whole world, giver of salvation. By his stripes are my God is awesome to thee. I am [Music] given. Oh, praise his holy name. Oh my God is awome. Oh awome. Oh, you are awome. Oh, he's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty. He's mighty and he's awesome. [Music] for a son. Oh, he's holy. He's holy. He's holy. He's holy and he's awome. Oh, awesome. Oh, and he's great. He's great. He's great. He's great and he's [Music] awesome. Oh, and awesome. Oh, and my God is awesome. Oh, to thee I am forgiver. His grace is right. Oh, praise his holy name. Oh my God is awesome. Oh, you are awesome. Oh, you are awome. Oh, and awome. Hallelujah. Where would I be? You all know I'm glad to see through eyes of [Music] love a hopeless game. Oh, and an empty place. Oh, if not, oh, where would I be? Where would I be? you all know. Oh, and I'm glad you see through eyes of love. Oh, and a hopeless king. Oh, what an amazing grave. Oh, and if not, oh amazing grace, amazing grace, a sweet a sound. I was once lost, but now I'm found. Oh, and a hopeless cave. Oh, and an empty place. Oh, and if not, oh amazing grace, amazing [Music] grace, a sweet sound. I once was lost and now I'm found. Oh, and first came. Oh, and an empty way. Oh, and if not, go an amazing grace, amazing grace, a sweet sound. Oh, and I once was [Music] lost, but now I'm found. Oh, and that hopeless cage. Oh, an empty place. Oh, if not for grace. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad for the grace of God tonight? Amen. To be called sons and daughters of God. It's only by his grace. Nothing that we've done to merit it. Amen. That's why Amazing Grace will be a song forever through eternity that we'll sing and praise him for what he's done for us. Man, we don't have any written requests up here. Brother Orlando wanted us to remember sister Jennis as going to have surgery on Monday. We certainly pray that the Lord will certainly undertake for this situation. Also, the Chimango family, they asking to be remembered. Uh Dan's wife is uh in I believe in labor wanting to get ready to give baby like to to give birth to a baby. We certainly want to pray that the Lord will certainly undertake for the situation and just be with them at this time. Amen. If you're having it upon your heart, just lift your hand up to him. Amen. Is the God of grace, God of mercy. The brothers that are taking the offering, see if you could come. Brother Daniel, just come and take the needs for the [Music] church. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord God, it's another privilege again, Lord, to come to your house of worship this evening, Lord, after a week, Lord God, of maybe trials and tests and of burdens on our hearts, Lord. And you just hear the needs that have been presented to you tonight, Lord. And we know that you know them all, Lord God. Even those that were made by the uplifting of their hands and the unwritten ones and God, the ones that are kept dear to our hearts, Lord, you see them, Lord. You haven't left us comfortless, Lord God, but you're with us, even in us as you promised, Lord. And God, we know that you are able to to meet us at our needs and exceed our expectations, Lord. And we just call on that power tonight, Lord, and every day, Father. Praying that, Lord God, and and believing that, Lord, you do what you say you will do, Lord God. That you're the same God that raised Jesus from the dead and that you will be with us until the end, Father. Lord, I just pray that you would bless the remainder of this service, Father. Lord God, that our hearts would turn towards you. that we would worship you and Lord you'd be pleased with our worship and God that we gather to hear the word Lord and that you'd be among us this evening Lord we commit this the rest of this evening to you God and just all our hearts desires and our needs and we place them in your hands in Jesus name amen God bless you welcome everyone in the house of God to have your seats amen let's sing that song I've anchored in Jesus w I've anchor in Jesus I've anchored in Jesus. The storms of life are brave. Oh, and I upon life bondless ocean de. Oh, I fix my hope in Jesus. Bless anchor on my soul. and tries refuse to sail me and stones I got before. Oh, I rest upon his mercy and trust him. Oh, in Jesus. [Music] in Jesus for he has not for me blessing his forces through the I will see my father [Music] Jesus. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. He drives away my sorrow and from the ground. Oh, Jesus. Jesus. has to [Music] say again my Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] in Jesus. Oh Jesus. In Jesus. Oh the rock of me. Oh fellowship divine everlasting [Music] Water lasture. Oh, I am leaving. Heat. Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh my god. [Music] Everlasting will [Music] all last [Music] Amen. Amen. That's the believer's resting place. Amen. That's in him, man. I had a song on my heart and I think we've sang it before, but it's been a while. Uh it's I need no other argument. Amen. Um I believe it's the key of C. Yeah. I need no other argument. I need no other plea. Yes, that's the one. I think it's G. Amen. Those that remember it, help me sing and don't let me sing by myself. Oh, my faith has found a resting place, [Music] nor create. Oh, I trust the everliving one. His one for me shall. I need no other argument. I need no other plea. Oh, it is enough that Jesus died and that he died for me. Oh, and enough for me that Jesus saves this and my fear and [Music] doubt sinful soul I come to him. He'll never cast me out. I need no other argument. I need no other plea. Oh, it is enough that Jesus died and died. Let's all stand as we invite our pastor. My heart is leading on the word. The living word of God. Oh, and salvation by my savior name. Salvation through his blood. Oh, I need no other argument. I need no higher plea for it is enough that Jesus died and died for me. Oh my great physician heals the sick. The lost he came to save. Oh, and for me his preious blood is shed. For me his life he gave. Oh, I need no other giant. I need no other plea. Oh, it is enough of that Jesus died and God died for me. Amen. Gracious Father, we need nothing else, no other. Lord, we're satisfied and and we believe and we ask that you would bless us this evening as we've come to fellowship around your word to be lifted up to have our hearts enkindled, Father, with your wonderful spirit, Father, to strengthen our minds and to and to fortify us behind the truth. truth of your word. Grant it to us this evening. We ask it in Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Amen. You may be seated for a moment this evening. And uh I just want to make a just a a a couple of announcements. Uh uh we know that we have our our our our church uh pavilion dedication picnic uh this Sunday right after service. So uh you know feel free to come to church in your more casual clothes. You know that maybe for the picnic but remember still be modest. you know, we don't wear tight skirts and, you know, tight t-shirts and stuff like that. So, you know, you you don't have to dress churchy up, but still dress nice. You know what I mean? But you don't have to change to go to the picnic. So, wear something you can spell ketchup on and and still be happy. And then, uh, so that'll be right after uh right after the uh uh service. So, and then Saturday, uh, we could use some help from a a few brothers to, uh, help set up for for the picnic, uh, get the grill ready, get all the gas bottles, make sure everything's working, help set up the seating, uh, get some trash cans and some things out, maybe some things that we'd like to do, maybe if they want to set up volleyball or whatever we've got. Uh so if we can get somebody to help maybe about 10 o'clock Saturday morning, uh that would be nice. Uh this Friday, I believe, uh it's our 39 and under couples dinner. And there's always room. So there's still room. And uh if uh you you were wanting some help with a babysitter, uh contact Sister Leslie. She'll maybe try try to help find you a babysitter. I think she's not babysitting much anymore, but um um but anyway, she'll see if they can help you. So, feel free to be that. So, we're anxious for that. Aren't you? I am. Uh I get to go and u be there and um and pretend I'm under 39. So, I'm going to be under 39 pretty soon. I have a promise for that. So, we certainly like to uh uh welcome you uh to that. So, uh tonight we're going to uh just have a little uh service and we're going to uh listen to um 30 minutes out of the message called uh Without Money and Without Price. And so uh uh we're that so that we're going to listen to that and uh I think that you'll certainly enjoy uh that. And we're going to start with the scripture. Um let me see if I can find the scripture here uh for you to look up. It's uh uh it'll be in uh the book of Isaiah um the 55th uh chapter of Isaiah. And so if you can find that in your Bibles, uh that's where we're going to start. And so, uh, today I I was, uh, over at a piece of property and it working and brother Tommy come over to help me, uh, do a little thing. And so, uh, I I'm this uh, sermon tonight comes from Brother Tommy. And, uh, I would have him preach it, but, I don't know if I could get him up here to preach, you know. So, but anyway, so I want you to know that I'm preaching this on his behalf. So, Tommy, I hope I represent you uh uh good enough uh to make you happy, but uh uh it was really a blessing to me. I'd already purposed in my heart to speak tonight uh since we're not having service Sunday evening and uh we're going to have a singing. So, I thought I'd just minister tonight and and then we'll have our our Sunday event. But, so, um, what we'll do is we'll stand and then when he gets done reading the scripture, we'll sit down. Now, and I I I don't know. I I know in our lives that we're so busy sometimes that we don't really realize all that's going on around the world. and and how the world's progressing and the path it's on. You know, sometimes we're just happy if we got enough money in the bank to pay our rent or or you know, we struggle from day to day to work and but yet all the all the prophecies and all the events are coming to pass just one after another after another. and and there's nothing that's going on that we haven't been warned about, that hasn't been prophesied to us, and that we can't find in the word of God. There's no new thing under the sun. And so, we know that the battle that we fight is in our mind. So, that's where the battle is. It's it it's in our mind. So, we're always looking for things that we can grab a hold on and and and make them a part of our thought process so when the enemy comes in like a flood, we can take that word of God and and and rise right up and uh uh uh stand there. And uh uh so I I just trust uh this evening that you'll enjoy this uh 30 minutes. Then we'll just make a few comments and just kind of evangelistic and just a a time tonight to uh just to bring back our minds to put some good thoughts in our minds that when the enemy comes we can take uh the word of God and we can just say well what about this and what about that and what about this and just like that song says uh we don't need or not no other explanation we don't need nothing. We've got the word, Satan. You can take what you've got and just go down the road with it. Amen. So, let us sit back the next uh 30 minutes and just listen. Now, uh the the sermon is without money and without price. And anybody that knows anything about the news, it's all been about tariffs. It's all been about the economy. It's all been about money. It's all about who's ripping us off and who's not ripping us off and and how, you know, we want to bankrupt China and China wants to bankrupt us and the whole world spiritually bankrupt and they don't know it. But anyway, it's it's and then here comes brother Brandon back in 1959. I I think it's August 2nd and he he's he's he's just speaking about a spirit. In fact, he actually calls it in here Americanism. Um and and and we begin to see these are the kind of commotions and confusions that we're battling. And yet we have something that is so valuable that you can't even put a price on it. So, let's just enjoy this next moment. If you get a chance to go back and listen to the whole message, I think it'll be a blessing. But, uh, I just picked this part of it uh, this evening to go along uh, with brother Tommy's sermon. So, uh, Lord richly bless you tonight as we listen to God's word. Thank you. I thought we'd read some from the word of God. You have your Bible. Let us turn to the book of Isaiah. I like to see you get your book and read it. I read I know more than just one or two words we read. Yet it's eternal immortal word. It can never pass away. 55th chapter of Isaiah. Topic the everlasting salvation. Oh, everyone that thirsteth, come ye to the waters. And he that has no money, come ye buy and eat. Yay, come buy wine, milk without money and without price. Why do you spend money for that which is not bread, and your labor for that which satisfaithth not? Hearken diligently unto me, and eat ye that which is good, and let your souls delight itself in fatness. Incline your ear and come unto me here and your soul shall live and I will make an everlasting covenant with you even the sure mercies of David. I'd like to speak to you just for a few moments on the subject without money or without prize. There is so many entertaining things of our days. There's so much to entice people to what we would call pleasures and it's for all peoples, all ages. There are the enticements for the young people, the modern uh dances and the uh rock and roll parties and the music that they have. It goes with it and it's all enticing for entertainment. I don't care how good or home a child has been brought up in how it's been taught to do right. If that child hasn't accepted the experience of the new birth, rock and roll music catches his attention just as quick as he hears it. Because in him is born in him by nature. a carnal spirit and the power of the devil is so great today till it catches that spirit of that little one. How much more will it do to the old man that has rejected the new birth? Because only as your life is changed and you've been converted and born a new into the kingdom of God, your nature will still be of the things of the world. No matter how religious you are, unless that has been changed in you, you can worship and be religious, but still that will have some kind of a drawing power to you because this old man of sin and his desires is not dead in you yet. But once let Christ take the throne in your heart, those things don't bother him. It is so much greater. I cannot mention the man's name because I can't think of his name now, but many of you will remember him. They say there was an island where the the man would go and ambush and the women would come out singing. And their songs were so tantalizing that the sailors passing by and the ships would come in and then the ambush soldiers would would catch the sailors off a guard and slay them. And a certain great man wanted to pass by and he had his sailors to tie him to a mass pole and and and put something in his mouth so he could not scream and and put plugs in his sailor's ears so they could not hear and sailed by to hear it. And the women came out dancing and and screaming and singing and oh it was so great till he turned the hide on his wrist screaming to his sailors turn in turn in but they couldn't hear him. They had plugs in their ears. And then he sailed to a certain place where they was to unmask his or untie his hands. And he was to take the plugs from their ears. there. When walking on the streets, he heard a musician that was so far supreme to that down there that when he passed by again, they said, "Oh, great rover, shall we tie you to the mass pole again?" He said, "No, just let me loose. I've heard something so much greater." Cuz that'll never bother me no more. Amen. That's the way it is to a born again Christian. Amen. They found something so much greater than the rock and rolls and the entertainments of this world. They are entertained by the Holy Spirit. Amen. And it's so much greater till the world is dead to them. But when you go to this cheap entertainment, you must remember that you got to take lots of money. The young fellow who takes his girlfriend to these parties and these uh dances and so forth is going to pay great lot of his week's earnings. And the old people who try to find pleasure in going to the beer potters to drink away their sorrows of the week, they're going to have to pay great money. And what do they get from it? They don't get nothing but heartache. And remember, you've got to settle up with God someday for it. And the wages of sin is death. You don't make nothing here on earth by it. It's a false mirage. Drinking will only add sorrow. Sin will only add death upon death. Your final check will be separation from God eternally into the lake of fire. and you cannot gain anything but lose. Then God comes and asks the question, why do you spend your money for those things that satisfies not? Why do you do it? What makes man want to do it? They spend all that they've got, all that they can earn to buy drinking, to clothe some woman that they run with or some kind of a worldly lustful pleasures. But we are told in the Bible and our bid to come to God and to buy eternal joy and eternal life without money or without price. Amen. Those things cannot satisfy and the end of them is eternal death. And it cost you all the money that you can muster together to be the the big shot or the entertainer or the fun boy or whatever you might be or the popular girl or whatever it is. It cost all you can get together to do that. dress in the very highest of dressings and and do the things that the world does only to reap a check of eternal damnation. God said then why what are we going to do at the day of judgment when we're asked why did we do that? What's going to be our answer? What's going to be the answer to modern America who says that they are a Christian nation and there's more money spent for whiskey in a year's time than there is for food. Why spend your money for those kind of things? Yet the government would send you to penitentiary for $5 worth of taxes that you had sent maybe to some institution that wasn't correctly set in order to receive taxes to send some missionary overseas. We're going to be asked someday, "Why did you do it?" We are a Christian nation and billions are sent to those people over there that were trying to buy their friendship. Now they're turning it down. No wonder Kushchoff said, "If there is a God, he'll sweep his palace clean again." Amen. The heathens can make such statements to bring shame upon us. What a ridiculous thing it is. And we call ourselves Christians. God said, "Come by eternal life without money, without price." Amen. Life to live forever. And we put our backs on it and laugh in his face. What are we going to do on that day? What's going to be if God gives us things to do and gives us money and makes us the richest nation under the heavens? Then God's going to ask, "What did we do with it? Why do we spend our money for things that satisfies not?" Not only to a nation, but that'll be to individuals. From pennies to millions of dollars will each one be given when men kill one another. I read an article just recently where two boys working in a hunting camp. One had five children, the other had two, and one of them had to be laid off. And one of the boys that had two children or had five children felt that he needed to work more than the one with the two children and went hunting with him and shot him in the back. Money, that's the kind of a nation, that's a kind of a feeling, that's a kind of a spirit that dominates the people. And you can see how essential that the new birth has to be. You must be born again. Amen. It's got to be. Come to me and buy without money. Amen. You can't say I didn't have the money. You don't need any money. Amen. It's freely given. We are Americans are so prone to paying our way for everything. That's our slogan. We pay for things. We got money. Flash our dollar bills. Other countries and so forth. It's poor. Walking. You see the tourists come in all in feathers and fine. Americans cater to them. That stuff is filthy lucer in the side of God. That will not buy our way to heaven. But everything in America, we got to pay our way. You go to the restaurant and you eat your dinner and if you don't put money on the table to tip that waitress, there's a frown comes on the face after she's paid by the company she's working for. And that better be at least 10% or better of your bill. If you don't, that waitress will look down upon you as a skin or some kind of a a miser and she's getting her money. I think it's a disgrace and a shame to do it. I think it's poor judgment upon the nation. Used to be good people, good places wouldn't permit that. But it's all going into one big spirit. I was going on a trip on a train in a porter. I had a little briefcase in one hand, a suitcase in the other, and my little shaving kit under my arm and was walking. The porter walked up said, "Can I pack it for you?" I said, "Well, I'm just going right there at the train, sir. Thank you very much." Just about oh, 30 yards. He said, "I'll take it." And he took the little thing and picked it up, walked on. Well, when he come on, I thought maybe I I know what he was paid, but I would just give him I give him a half a dollar. He probably had in possession my um uh goods for about uh say a minute about far as the end of this tabernacle where he got on a train. I stepped up on the train first and just reached down and got it. I gave him a half dollar. He said, "Just a minute." I said, "What is it, sir?" He said, "I packed three bags for you." I said, "Yes, sir. That's right. What? What's wrong?" He said, "My minimum charge is 25 cents a bag. You owe me another 25 cents." See, that's Americanism. Everything's got to be paid. You go ride in your car and let it fall into the ditch. and you get somebody to pull you out, you better get ready to pay cuz they're going to charge you for it. A recorder comes and gets you, he'll charge you so much a mile. And if the farmer nine times out of 10 gets his tractor out, it'll be worse than that. You've got to pay for everything that you get done. Everything is paid money. Pay money. And yet, how much greater ditch has sin throwed you in? Who could ever get you out of the ditch of sin? But God takes you out of the ditch of sin without money, without price. when there's no one could take you out. If you don't pay dearly for your record pulling, you'll stay in the ditch. You've got to have the money or you stay in the ditch. But the worst ditch you ever got in is what the devil throwed you in. The ditch of sin and unbelief. God willfully will pull you out without money, without cause. Amen. And yet you lay in the ditch just slushing the sin. Don't even call upon him. When you get the wrecker out, usually they put a big chain way over into the ditch, wrap it around the bumper or so forth and begin to crank and the power of the car begins to pull and the motors go to operating and pulls you out. When God finds you in the ditch of sin and hear you calling on him, he sends down a chain that was wrapped around Calvary the love of God and hooks it on to your heart and puts the power of the Holy Spirit there to start pulling. Amen. And it don't cost you nothing. Amen. And yet we lay in the ditch because we can't pay it with our pockets. We Americans think we can pay it out of our pockets, but you can't. It's without money or without price. Amen. You don't pay it at the church. Jesus paid it at Calvary. Amen. But people's ashamed of it. They want it in their way. God has a way for you to receive it. And it's free if you'll take it. Usually when they pull you out of the ditch, you're all scratched up. You have to go at the hospital. And before they start working on you before one thing is done, they ask who's going to pay the bill. If we're going to sort up the wounds, if we're going to pour in the oil and give the shots for for uh to inoculate you from blood poison, what kind of an insurance do you have before they do one thing? It's got to be money on the line. But when our Lord puts his chain of love around your heart, it pulls you from the ditch of sin. Amen. He heals every broken heart. Takes away all the sin and the bills put in the sea of forgetfulness to remember against you no more. Come without money or without price. No matter how bad you're cut up, how bad your bruised, how your he's done or what you've done. There's no bill to it. He heals the heartaches. Takes away all your sorrows. He was wounded for our transgressions, bruised for our iniquity. The chastisement of our peace was upon him. And with his stripes, we were all free. Glory be to God. And we won't receive it. is because we're dominated by the wrong spirit. We're dominated by a spirit of a nation, the spirit of the world. Instead of being dominated by the spirit of God, the Holy Spirit that leads us and guides us to all truths and makes the Bible so. Some time ago, I was talking to an infidel. He said, "Think of it, Mr. Brandon. All this misery of life And the only thing that we have that we're saved is some old Jewish writings. Oh, I said, "Sir, that may be all you have." Amen. But I've got something more than that. Amen. Praise the Lord. I have the spirit of the one that wrote it, that confirms it and makes it so every promise. Amen. didn't know how to take that. See, to come to come and buy without money, buy without price. It don't cost nothing. It's free to whosoever will let him come. God pulls you from the ditch. Like the man at the gate called beautiful. He had been ditched from his mother's womb by the devil who had crippled him in his feet. His way of livelihood was begging arms from the people had passed by. And as he sat at the gate that morning, he saw two Pentecostal preachers coming. Not one dime among them. For he said, "Silver have I none, and a dime is the smallest piece of silver. Silver and gold have I none." I suppose the man thought something like this. There's no need of getting my cup. Maybe he was trying to save enough money. He was 40 years old. And maybe he was trying to save enough money the physicians could make him a pair of braces to walk on. or he in his ankles is where he was weakened. And maybe he had to have the money to lay on the line before the physicians would give him a support. And surely there's no need of him holding his cup to these Pentecostal preachers that had nothing. the opportunity the the was very poor of ever being able to find a penny from them fellows. But when he looked into their face, one young and bushing with youth, the other old and wrinkled, as John, as Peter and John went up to the gate, he saw something. And that youthful man, that is, the blush was a little greater than ordinary. He saw beneath the wrinkles and cares of the Galilean sun that has scorched the old fisherman's face. There was a joy unspeakable and full of glory. He saw something that seemed to be a little different. You know, there's something about Christianity that makes people look different. Hallelujah. They are the prettiest people in all the world. Hallelujah. and he got his cup and he held it off. And the apostle Peter being the oldest said, "Silver and gold have I none." In other words, I can't help you any to buy these crutches. Silver and gold have I none, but such as I have. Amen. He had been to buy from him that had honey and the joys of the wine of salvation. He had just come two or three days before that from Pentecost where something had happened and the young man sprung with a great big a man to it and looked into his face. What happened? That chain of sympathy, the compassion of him that said, "I had compassion on the sick." That same spirit had taken place. The old fisherman's heart, he said, "As far as money, I have none. But I've got something that'll take its place a million times." Amen. Such as I have. Now remember Peter was a Jew and they loved money naturally. But this Jew had been converted. Not such as I have sell I thee, but such as I have give I thee. Amen. Hallelujah. Such as I have. I haven't got a penny in my pocket. I couldn't buy a loaf of bread. I couldn't buy nothing. I don't have a scent. But if you can receive it such as I have, I'll give it to you because it was given to me. Praise God. That's what we need. Hallelujah. Such as I have give I thee. What do you answer? I've been up to him that sells milk and honey without price. I'll give it to you. You don't owe me nothing for it. If you can receive it, I'll give it to you. Not as one who would charge, but those who would give because as freely as you receive, freely give. It has been the commission of his Lord just three days before. Go into all the world, preach the gospel. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved, and he that believeth not shall be damned. These signs shall follow them that believe. Amen. In my name, they shall cast out devils. They shall speak with new tongues. If they drink deadly things, it shall not hurt them. If they take up serpents, it'll not bother them. As freely as you have received, freely give. Amen. that Jew had been changed. Hallelujah. What we need in America is a changing of the Holy Spirit to take the place of our religious ritual. Hallelujah. As freely as you receive, freely give. Such as I have give I thee in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth. Rise up and walk. Hallelujah. faith in that unadulterated name of the creator. No wonder he went leaping and jumping and praising God. Oh, you know the great things. He'd maybe sat there 40 years trying to get enough money to buy him some crutches, but he couldn't do it. But right in the most unexpected place and the unexpected time and the most unexpected insufficient people, he got what he wanted. Amen. I'm so glad God does it that way. Amen. And a bunch of little so-called holy rollers. One night, I found what I wanted that money could not buy. Amen. in a bunch of illiterate, uneducated, poorly dressed people negroes to begin with. Outer in a little old converted saloon on the floor, I found a price, a jewel. Hallelujah. When that old looked in my face and said, "Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believe?" Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, it was something that I wanted. I didn't expect to find it amongst those people, but they had what I needed. You certainly got a glimpse into where brother Brandham got the Holy Ghost. Amen. And how you get it. Amen. You know, I I just thought that was uh just wonderful. And and you know, he just talks about America, you know, and the American spirit. It's always money, always. What can you pay for? You know, money, money, money. It just seems to be the spirit, you know, always looking for fame and and and notoriety and uh publicity and they they uh it it doesn't matter. They say in Hollywood it doesn't matter if they're saying good about you or bad about you as long as they're talking about you, you know, as long as you stay in the things. Some people will go do crazy things just to stay in the limelight just not to be forgotten to get their picture on people's magazine or to get it in some sort of uh you know some scandal paper. It doesn't matter. They just want to be talked about. They want to be noticed. They want to be famous. They they just look for fame and and and and you know and riches and they always want a higher class of people you know it just uh it it's just the way that man is you know they want they want to uh separate themselves you know what I mean be be stand apart you know what I mean uh uh I I want to be above somebody you know uh people sometimes will just talk people down just so that they they could be lifted up, you know. And I'm saying, you know, I I went to buy a a a car one time and and and sure enough, when I got there, uh the guy was selling Fords and and about a year earlier, I saw him at the Chevy place, and the Chevy was the best car in the whole wide world, you know, but now he's selling Fords. Oh, I wouldn't drive a Chevy. You know, one year ago it was, I wouldn't drive nothing else but a Chevy. You know what I mean? It just a motive and object is not the truth. It was money. Anything to make the sale, anything for money, anything like this. And and and the the prophets uh uh uh laying this spirit out in 59. And we see it all today. Everybody's concerned about the economy. Everybody's concerned about their 401k. You know what I mean? They're not concerned about eternal life. Oh, what? How much do I got in the bank? How much do I got here? How much? And you know, and yet we got the a promise that says, I've never seen a righteous man beg bread. God will take care of you. You don't have to worry yourself to death. But you know, it's just what where man wants. You know, he wants to separate himself. He wants to be higher than the common man. You know what I mean? He don't want he wants to go to a better restaurant. You know what I'm saying? So they what do they do? They take the same old steak that you can go down to Albertson's and they'll sell it to you for $75. Why? Because they want to keep everybody else that don't have $75 out of the place. You know what I mean? They raise their prices so you can't eat there. So you can't go there. And then somebody that wants to be important, you know what I mean? They'll scrape down and get $75 and you know what I mean? Go hawk their wife's watch or do whatever they can, excuse me, so they can go eat at that $75 restaurant and pretend like they're rich. It's just a condition of thing. I read an article one time the you know they used to they called them yuppies you know like I don't know if they even use that term anymore young urban professionals you know it was all dressed for success and they said there was an apartment complex in Dallas that had more BMWs in it than any other place in the country. Why? They all lived in an apartment and drove a car so that they could impress everybody. And they had them leased right out so they could spend all their paycheck. I like what the prophet said. You go, you take somebody out. He said, you can spend a lot of money on that girl. You know, they just it's all it's all about, you know, trying to cause separation. Well, God's trying to separate us out, but not do the things of the world to things about himself. And so, they're always, you know, they they've got to be smarter, you know, they've got to rise above. They got I'm smarter. Everybody's I'm smarter than you are. He's he smart being smart. You know what I mean? Like I say, everybody say, "Oh, this is the smartest man in the world." Look at if he don't got the Holy Ghost, he ain't very smart at all. Amen. Any one of you that's got the spirit of God in your heart is smarter than Einstein. You know what the theory of relativity is? The wages of sin is death. That's that's the relativity. If you don't go up, you go down. Amen. That's the simple truth. That's the fact. That's how the world goes. Why? You know, you know, you know, that's just how it is. You don't have to be too smart to figure that out. Or maybe you have to be really smart. God smart. That's the best kind of smart there is. You got to be wealthier. You know, everybody's just got to make more than than they've got. I've got more than you got. Well, wait a minute. If you've got him, your father owns the cattle on a thousand hills. You got a God that'll supply all your needs. It doesn't God work marvelous? Look at how marvelous God's work. He comes down and changes your heart. You don't want those things. You don't even desire them. You He just takes the burden of him off. You're content with whatever he provides for you. You're not driving down the road saying, "Oh, I wish I I've got this stinking old Jaguar. I just wish I could have a a Rolls-Royce, you know what I mean?" And then then, you know, something goes out of style and oh, you know, I don't Lexus isn't in style. Now I got to go get a Mercedes, you know, and then Mercedes goes up and oh no, now it's BMW or it's this or that. And they're never happy. And yet God will put something in your heart that you're just happy to be happy. You don't get caught up in that war. You don't get caught up in that struggle. You don't have to climb the ladder. You're happy if he puts food on the table. And you know the God that put the food on the table for you today will be the same God that'll put food on the table for you tomorrow because he promised he'd never leave you nor forsake you. He didn't say as long as you're working. He said as long as you love me I'll take care of you. And you struggle. I tell the story all the time. I remember when they raised my rent from $60 to $80. I didn't know what I was going to do. Where is the guy going to get another $20? I ate breakfast the other day. I got two eggs, a piece of ham, a cup of two cups of coffee, and a biscuit, and it was 20 bucks. I said, "What do you got back there?" The golden goose. I'm serious. And yet here I am. He takes care of you. You know, to you know that everybody wants to, you know, have some sort of distinction, you know, some sort of distinction, you know, they they just can't be common folk. They've got there's got to be a distinction. They've got to have some way that they can separate them, some some way that they can draw distance, some way that they can stand out, you know, just some way to show off. You know, they'll pray crazy things just to prove they've got it. You don't think so? There's sunglasses you can buy for $48,000 for a pair of sunglasses. Now, that pair of sunglasses better make you see to the moon in back or something. $48,000 for a pair of sunglasses. Just think of it. If someone wore a $400 eight pair of sunglasses in here, I wouldn't be able to tell the difference of whether it was, you know, a a a pair of Dollar Tree sunglasses. Why? It's just distinction. You have to run around with people that know you know what kind of sunglasses cost $48. $48,000 t-shirts. $91,500 to a t-shirt. That'd make any kid cry. Think of it. $91,500 for a t-shirt. Now, really, I don't even think we ought we ought to be wearing t-shirts, personally. But that's just that's just what what it is. You know what I mean? He just praising the Lord, just singing away. Yeah. So, it that's how they do. But just think of it. $91,500 jeans. $1,300,000 for a pair of jeans. Now, you tell me what guy had pay $1,300,000 for a pair of jeans because we know women don't wear jeans, right? I don't know what you call them that do, but they ain't ladies. A million, $300,000 for a pair of jeans. And they buy them. A purse. $3,800,000 for a purse. Tell me, what do you put in a $3,800,000 birth? You You got to buy Kleenex for $10,000 a pack to make it worth it. Really? What do you got in there? $3 million 800,000. A pair of shoes. $17 million. Dave, you better be able to click your heels and get in Kansas just like that. I don't think anybody caught that, Lori. I think we're showing some I mean serious $17 million suits on the rack suits $892,000. If I came out here in a $800,000 $892,000 dude, it better make me look like Superman. It better not show a pound. You You know what I mean? It better make me look 21 years old. Who would go to Iraq and pick out an 892,000 and they're on? Why? Because they got to show off. They got to separate themselves. They got to be different. I mean, address 30 million dollars. Why would you do that? So, one person says, "Well, my my dress cost 15 million." The other person said, "Well, my dress cost 20 million." "Well, my dress cost 30 million." That's $30 million of stupid. It's exactly what it is. Think of it. Belt $250,000 belt. A belt. $250,000 for a belt. Sneakers on the shelf. Sneakers. You go into the sneaker department, $1,400 for a pair of sneakers. They better have flubber attached to the bottom of them. Loafers, $1,800. Ball caps, $98 for a ball cap. Washer and dryer $15,349 each. Who buys a $15,000 a $30,000 washer and dryer? If you can buy that for a washer and dryer, you should have a maid. That's how ridiculous things are. You know, fabric $3,900 a yard. for fabric. I don't know, you know, I don't know how much a yard of fabric is, but I've seen a lot of things that look dresses that looks like they don't even have a half a yard of fabric in them. And they and they buy jeans, they rip holes in them and tear them all up and they you think they they dug them out of the trash can and they pay 800 bucks for them. It it goes to it goes to to show you that where they're at. And you say, "Well, that's a lot of money." Well, even if those things last a hundred years or 500 years or a thousand years, you don't look at houses. I used to paint houses. And I asked my painter, I says, I said, "Fred, what do you paint?" And he says, "Well, I'm doing a 15,000 square foot house in in uh in u some place out here by South Lake or someplace or West Lake or something. 15,000 square. You know how big 15,000 square foot house? Both of our buildings together isn't 15,000 square feet." And I said, "Well, what did it get?" I said, "I used to paint houses for $5 a square foot." I said, 'What do you get now?' He says, 'Oh, we get uh we get uh $25 a square foot. That's $300,000 to paint a house. And you know, the funny thing about it is is they say you get what you pay for. That that's the thinking. You know, they don't think like our messenger said that they've got to get account for that. They're gonna have to sit there and say, "Why did you spend $30 million for a dress, you know, when everybody was in this kind of condition or you could have done this or there's people, you know, I mean, because they want to be exclusive. They want to walk with a certain group of people, a certain, you know, a certain line of uh of a a certain crowd, a certain click. You know, they're ashamed of anybody. It's a way that they could segregate. It's a way that they could separate. It's a way that they could be different than everybody else. And yet the most different people in the world are people that are born again because they got a gentleness in their spirit. They got a gentleness in their eye. And so that was the subject that came up. Brother Tommy is talking to me about it and he said, "You know, that's what people say. You get what you pay for." Now, can you imagine if I came home and I said, "Leslie, I just paid $490,000 for a pair of glasses." And she'd know I wouldn't have it for over a week before I lose it. Dollar Tree is in existence today because I buy glasses. You lose it all. But right, people are willing to pay. Okay? And they think that they're getting some sort of value. In other words, they pay for the brand name. They pray for the prestige. They pray for the bragging rights. In other words, they just don't purchase it for that, but they purchase it for all that it comes along with it. They're willing to pay their money because they feel they're going to get what they pay for. And that's America, right? You get what you pay for. You buy something that you get what you pay for. You buy you That's what they always tell you. Go a guy wants to upsell you. That's the first line he drops on you. You get what you pay for. You know, you want to live over here, you get what you pay for. You get what you pay for. So everything's laid out. You get what you paid for. So if you pay if you pay something, then you get something. Well, if you get what you paid for, what did Jesus get for what he paid for? And what price did he pay? He paid more than money. None of those guys would lay down their life. But he paid more than money. But he had to get something for what he paid for. He just didn't lay down his life. He just didn't pay the price not to get anything. If you buy something and you think you paid a lot for it and it and it falls apart, what do you say? a piece of junk. What are you going to do? You're going to take it back. But yet Jesus paid. His end wasn't free. He paid a price. He paid the ultimate price. The ultimate sacrifice. So he paid something. So, so if he paid something, then he's supposed to get back something for what he paid for because you get what you paid for. So, what did he get? What did he paid for? He paid for a spotless bride. And if he paid for a spotless bride, he's going to get a spotless bride. If he has to make her spotless, he's going to get what he paid for. He's going to forgive her sins. He's going to deliver her from the temptation. He's going to take the spirits off of her. He's going to get it because he paid for it. And he's going to get what he paid for. Because you get what you're paid for. And he paid. So, he's going to get he's going to get what he paid for it. He paid for a bride, a spotless bride. He paid for it. You don't pay for it. You don't buy it. You don't achieve it. He achieved it for you. All you've got to do is say, "I'm what he bought." Do you believe that? So you can look at yourself and you can say, "He didn't pay for this, but he paid for me, so he bought something. So he must have bought something that he's going to transform me into." In the sports world, they buy potential. If they think somebody's can amount to something or be something, they'll sign contracts worth millions of dollars because they see a potential. They they see something in the future that they can they can work into. They see somebody that they can teach. They see somebody that they can train. They see somebody that they can develop. They see somebody that that can that can show them the way. Well, he bought us because he knew there was something in us, that he could train, something in us that he could develop. He didn't just He just didn't buy a a a piece of junk and put it on the shelf. He wouldn't pay his life for you if he didn't see the potential in you. He wouldn't give everything he had for you. If he didn't think he could make you into something that was worthwhile, you just got to believe in the price. Hallelujah. Is there a greater price than what he paid? Everything these $30 million addresses, you hang it in my closet at my house, it'll have moth holes in it. We don't know where the things come from. Or you'll take it to the dry cleaner and the dry cleaner will come up and have a big rip in it and they'll say, "Oh, you brought it in this way." Right? It's always your fault. Jesus didn't buy that. Well, you were yet a sinner. He died for you. He bought you. But he knew what he was paying for cuz he gets what he pays for. He didn't pay that for junk. He didn't pay for you because he thought you were unworthy. He didn't pay for you because he didn't think you could overcome. He didn't pay for you because he didn't have enough grace and enough mercy and enough power to change you. He paid for a bride. Not only that, he paid for her healing. They say the Sha of Iran, he every place he went, there was two planes. the one he was on that had a full kitchen and a maid and a full staff and everything and a second plane which was a full hospital 100% surgery hospital medical doctors brain surgeons heart surgeons and everything he wanted to live as long as he could at that time he was considered the richest man in the world and yet when Jesus Jesus bought us. He paid for our healing. He didn't just buy you to so you He bought your healing. You know, he didn't buy you to lose you. He bought eternal life for you. You understand? He paid a price to get something in return. But it wasn't for himself. It was for you that you would have eternal life. He bought eternal life for you. He bought healing for you. He br he brought it in invisible union between you and him for you. He bought it for you. He bought eternal life. He bought joy and peace and all the fruits of the spirit. And he bought the right to cleanse you so he could dwell in you and you and him could become one. It wasn't. He didn't just he he he just didn't uh uh go there with a big hope. So he didn't die on the cross and say, "Oh, I just hope people have pity on me and whoever believes in me, they'll come to me." Huh? Well, we were yet sinners. He died for us. All the Father hath given me will come. All that I pay for will come. I will not lose a one. My sheep will hear my voice and another they won't follow. That's what he paid for. So you think you get what you paid for? Well, what is Jesus getting for what he paid for? He didn't pay for nothing. Right? He didn't just go to He didn't spend money 30 million for something that perishes. He didn't buy things that perish. He didn't He didn't invest in things that fail. You could pay $250,000 for a belt and it'll go out of style and if you wore that belt again, everybody would look at you and go, "Oh, what a old fogy belt." You know what you have to do? You have to buy next year's model. And what happens? They're just smart enough. They'll just raise next year's model just a price little higher. And why will you buy it? Because you don't want to lose your prestige. You don't want anybody to think that you don't have the money. You want to keep up with the incrowd. Prophet of God said it was a spirit. American spirit. What did he do? What did he pay? He paid to set us free. We don't have to worry about what we wear. We don't have to worry about where we're going. We don't have to worry about where we'll live because we got a mansion. We've got another city. We're just traveling through. We don't have to impress anybody. All we have to do is have the ticket in our heart, the seal. He paid that we could have the same spirit that was in him dwell in us. Isn't that what he said at the gate called beautiful? They said they they meant the one that gave him wine and honey. They walked with the one. They talked with the one. And they said, "And now they knew that he was with them." And he said, "Silver and gold have we none, but what we have?" What was better? and $490,000 pair of sunglasses that they could look at the guy and he'd be totally polarized or to say rise up and walk. That's the trouble. We live below our privilege because we don't put any value on the price. Which one of you would pay $490,000 for a son? Nobody. You value your money. You work too hard for it. And that's what he said. You know, you give an answer. And that's what he's saying. He He paid something for us and he didn't pay to lose. And if we could fight the battle that's going on in our minds right now, the battle that Satan is putting out in the world, the economy is going to fail. We're going to go into a depression. What's going to happen to my 401k? You know what I mean? We don't need a 401k. We need a John 3:16. We need an Acts 2:38. That's what we have to have. We need to invest in in heavenly things, in spiritual things. And we've got to realize that we've had somebody that was willing to invest everything that he was in us and purchase us and buy us and invest in us. And you don't think he's going to get the value out of his investment when he is the greatest investor of all time. He was the creator of heaven and earth. Oh my. We need to change our thinking. We need to get back on the positive side instead of doubting him. Because what did he say? We always want to be able to do something. We always got to pay for it. We pay for our sins by beating ourselves down instead of just saying, "Lord, you said if I would confess it, you would be faithful and just to forgive it. You paid for that privilege. You paid for the right for me to say I'm sorry and have you forgive me. Everything we got, he paid for. I remember one time, I don't mean to tell on you, Matthew, but one time Matthew went out and bought a gallon of milk and he put it in our refrigerator and he wrote Matthew's milk. So, I got a sticky pad. Dad's butter, dad's bread, dad's sugar, dad's jelly, dad's peanut butter, dad's silverware, dad's pots, dad's pan, dad's bed, dad's house, dad's car. I think after I think he was happy to let me use a little cup of milk for my bowl of cereal. Well, look at us. Everything's paid for. And yet we want to claim stuff. We want to hold on to stuff that's of no value. Show me your sunglasses. I'll show you my $490,000. Your sunglasses look like rags to me. your jeans. I wouldn't wear those $30. Can you get a pair of jeans for $30? Maybe at Costco. I wouldn't wear no red head jeans or my jeans are a million7, baby. Worthless. Worthless. We hang on to things that are worthless. Things we didn't even pay for. things that won't last, things that aren't eternal. And everything he bought for us is so that we can have a character that we can enjoy heaven when we get there. Cuz the only thing we'll take with us is our character, when we can trust in them. I'll tell you, Tuesday night was a great prayer meeting. Just sacrifice on Tuesday night once a month. Come out and give the Lord an hour of prayer. Too busy. You know, he paid that hour for you. He'll take care of your work. He'll take care of your jobs. He'll take care of your bills. He already paid for it. He gets what he pays for. We forget he did the paying. We forget what he bought. We forget what he invested in. We forget who he is and what he can do and he didn't buy junk and he didn't make a bad investment. When he went to Calvary, he invested in my eternal life and now I want him to transform me. And that's what he said. What America needs is they need the change of the Holy Spirit in their heart. We need to get the spirit of God back in our heart. We need to get the thinking of God back in our minds and we won't be enticed and discouraged. Not that we're enticed, but we get discouraged by a failing world. And yet, we got a better world that's been purchased for us. I go to prepare for you a mansion. In my father's house are many mansion. I would not tell you so if it wasn't true. And if I go, I will come again and receive you that you will be where I am also. He paid for that. He paid for the right to say that. He paid for the right to promise that. And he don't have one promise that fails. Think of it. the next time you're up against it and ask yourself, did Jesus pay for my deliverance? Does he get what he pays for? And he paid that we can have the Holy Spirit. If you don't have the spirit of God living in your heart, it's been paid for you to have it. If you don't have the joy of the Lord, that joy has been paid for. It's yours. All you got to do is pick it up. All you've got to go and ask for it. Say, "Lord, I heard that you paid for my healing, and it wasn't three million. It wasn't 30 million. It was more. You didn't even have to taste death, but yet you were willing to pay the price of death for my healing. I just want what you purchased for me. When we start changing and start taking the purchase power of Jesus Christ and using it to drive Satan back, possess his gates and claim our promises because it's paid for ground. And when Jesus told them, "Every place that you put your feet is possession." And every step was possession because they had a promise. It was paid for. Even Pharaoh paid for their promised land with his kingdom, with his soldiers. He was raised up into honor just so God could show his mighty hand. That's how much he paid for Israel. Think of you, his bride. He paid for you. And if he's going to get what he paid for, he's going to get that bride. And all you've got to say is, "Am I paid for?" Satan's going to say, "You're not, but he say he did." All you got to do is look at that cross and know he hung on there for you. and then look at that empty grave and know that he's alive to claim everything that's his. Everything that he purchased to bring to pass everything that he paid for. He paid for your healing. He's not going to lose it. He paid for your deliverance. It's not going to be taken for from him. he will get what he paid for. Do you believe that? Let's let that sink in our minds. Let's let that sink in our hearts. Let's let that get to the place where we can realize when we wake up, wait a minute, my day has been paid for. What did you pay for today for me, Lord? I gave a person a gift card one time. I say, "It's already paid for. All you got to do is take the gift card and go down. It's already paid for. You wanted this jacket. I couldn't give it to you. Here it is. It's already paid for. All you got to do is take the gift card and bring it down there. It's already paid for." and pick it out and try it on. Walk away with it. You know what h gets too busy. It's not important anymore. Other things are important like working and sleeping in. And then what happens? He loses the gift card. And then it's never claimed and it's never cashed. That's okay with me because I'm the kind of guy you just won't get another one. But the Lord, he gives you a gift and you just throw it away and you don't use it after he gave his life for it. You don't ever take his healing. You never take his deliverance. You never take the invite to have his spirit come into your heart and change your spirit, change your nature. You don't have to do anything for it. It's what our prophet said. It's without price. It's without money. He paid for it. All you've got to do is use it, accept it. But maybe you don't think that what he paid for is good enough for your sins. Well, if you're a greater sinner than he is a savior, I pity your understanding of the market. The wages of sin, which is unbelief, is death. But the gift of God is eternal life through Christ Jesus. Paid for. Eternal life. paid for. Never to die. Paid for a new body. Paid for. He's going to get what he pays for. Somebody is going to accept the fact that he paid for it. And when you do, nothing can stand in your way. You've just got to decide in your heart, am I going to accept what he purchased for me? And that was the sin of America. They refused to accept what he paid for. Let's not let that be our sin. Let us go forward. Let us find the path forward that's based on a faith for the journey. Jesus bought this for me. I need it. And the prophet of God said he went to that uh what in in brother Brandham's day they called it a colored church. Today they might call it a black church. One time it was AfricanAmerican. You know, you never could make people happy. But we don't have that. We're bride. We're purchased. We're the purchased possession of the blood of the lamb. There's no big guys. There's no little use. We've all got the same benefits. We've all got the same thing. And if you're outside of those benefits, all you have to do is ask. We have not because we ask not. And we ask not because we believe not. Don't continue struggling and trying to pay for it yourself when he already paid for it for you. He loves you. He will not lose you. All the father hath given me will come. And I won't lose a one. I hope you hear the call on your heart. There's nothing like living for him. But it's even better to live by him. A lot of people try to live for him, but those that are victorious live by him. By the exceedingly great and precious promises that he purchased by his divine blood. All that the father hath given me will come. All that I have, I give unto you. Fear not, little flock. It's the father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom. God bless you. Musicians, come. Brother Billy. Amen. Aren't you glad it paid for it? Man, that's all standth. Key of C. He paid a debt. It did not. Oh, I owe a debt. I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. Oh, I now sing a brand new song. Oh, amazing grace. All day long, Christ Jesus made a debt that I could never pay. Oh, he paid a day at Calvary. He cleans my soul has set me free. I'm glad that Jesus all my sins are. Oh, I now can sing a brand new song. It's amazing grace. All day long, Christ Jesus made a debt that I could never pay. Oh, one day he's coming back for me till everything [Music] eternally. What if we glory? Oh, and to sing him on that day. Oh, I will sing a brand new song and amazing grace. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never sing that first verse again. [Music] Oh, he did not know I needed someone to wash my s away. Oh, and now I see a brand new song. It's amazing grace. All day long. Christ Jesus, the debt that I could never pay. Oh, every promise in the book is mine. Oh, every chapter, every verse, every heart. Oh, and I am trusting in his love. Oh, and every promise in the book. Oh, and every promise in the book is mine. Oh, every chapter, every verse in every Oh, and I am trusting his love. Oh, and every promise in the book. Just sing it one more time. Oh, and every promise in the book is mine. Oh, and every chapter, every verse, every heart. All that I am trusting in his [Music] love. Oh, every promise in the book is mine. Hallelu. Amen. financial glad. It's not up to us. It's up to what he done. Amen. That we could certainly rest upon that. Amen. We'll invite brother Tommy. I know being the inspiration of the service. We want to just invite him to come and close the service tonight. Certainly enjoy the word. Amen. Yeah. Let's just bow our hearts. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we Lord, we're grateful, Lord, knowing that you did pay the ultimate price for us, Lord. Lord, there's nothing can replace that, Lord. Lord, to know you is to have life, Lord. And we're grateful for what you've done in our lives, Lord. And to be able to see the contrast and know that you've touched our lives, Lord, is is precious in itself, Lord. Lord, I know that just looking in my own perspective of my life, Lord, and what you've done in my life, Lord, I'm just grateful for that, Lord. And Lord, I know there's many others here that have had the same touch in their lives, Lord. Even the pastor, Lord, is he's came from a background, Lord. And knowing that he's gone through things that even I myself have similar situations, Lord. And Lord, I have much respect, Lord, for the pastor and the what he's done with this congregation and this church, Lord. And Lord, we thank you for providing him to us, Lord. And Lord, we're so grateful, Lord, for the word that you gave this evening, Lord. I I can't take no honor in that, Lord. And it's just a conversation, Lord. And Lord, I was just standing at my truck, Lord, and you just you gave me something, Lord. And I don't know why Brother David chose to preach on it, but Lord, I thank you for the revelation that you gave me, Lord. And Lord, I continue, Lord, to grow and come to better understanding, Lord, of what you're doing. in my life. And Lord, I I'm just I'm in awe. And Lord, I thank you, Lord, for once again for just bringing me to this little church. And to know each one of these people here, Lord, is an honor. Lord, there's many brothers and sisters here that I've grown to come to love in ways that I never thought I could love people. And Lord, I thank you for that. Lord, we're continue to look forward to what you have for us, Lord. And Lord, I just pray your blessings upon the remainder of our week and upon the pastor for his labor, Lord. Lord, may you just continue to move on our hearts, Lord. We love you and thank you for all you do in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Don't forget the Friday dinner for the 39 and under the Saturday assistance and setting up and the Sunday. Amen. For a pavilion. Amen. KFC. All I want to do is love him. And I'm so glad I feel his love for me. Oh, and Jesus paid a price of redemption. Oh, and on the cross of Calary. Oh, so that every day my heart will praise him. Oh, and I know I'll never be the same. Oh, and all I want to do is love him. Praise his holy name. Oh, and all I want to do is love him. Oh, and I'm so glad I feel his love for me. Oh, and Jesus paid a price of redemption. Oh, on the cross of Cal for me. Oh, so that every day my heart will praise him. Oh, and I know I'll never be the same. Oh, and all I want to do is love him. Praise his holy name. [Music] [Music]
