################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-20 - [2025-04-20am]  Easter Power | Pastor David McGeary Sr. - David McGeary Sr - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-20
Title:   [2025-04-20am]  Easter Power | Pastor David McGeary Sr.
Speaker: David McGeary Sr
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oKyeqeq_ml8
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Man, let's all stand and sing that this morning. [Music] Oh, how lovely on the mountains are the feet of him. Oh, bring good news. All good news I now sing. Oh, and proclaiming news of [Music] happiness. Oh my God. Hallelujah. Oh my God. [Music] God [Music] reign. Our God. Oh, he reigns. Our God. Our God. [Music] Oh, out of the tomb. Oh, and he came with praise and majesty. Oh, and he you believe he's alive this morning. Oh, it is. Oh, God loves our soul. Oh, I see his hand his feet. Oh, and he hallelujah. [Music] Oh, heat, heat. [Music] [Music] is [Music] [Applause] [Music] alive. Sing our second verse again. Oh, and not after you. Oh, he came with praise [Music] and [Music] oh God. Oh, I see his face. [Music] Oh. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] God, our God. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad he's alive this morning? Amen. Where would we be if he didn't raise from the dead? What would we be if he didn't come? But we thankful this morning because he's alive and well. And because he live, we shall live also. Amen. That's the promise to the believer. Certainly glad to be in the house of God. Want to welcome everyone in the house of God. But Tim Sal, if you could just come and open our service in prayer this morning. [Music] Amen. Good morning. Welcome to Resurrection Sunday. [Music] He had a lot to die for and we've got a lot to live for. Amen. Let's just bow our heads. Gracious and kind heavenly father, we thank you, Lord, for just the ability to recognize the resurrection and the beauty of life that you've given us, Lord. Realizing as brother Billy said, where would we be without a risen savior? And Lord truly as that grave is empty, that tomb has been vacated, Lord, may you just search our hearts, Lord. If there be any stone of unbelief, Lord, it keeps you in tuned, keeps you from living in our own lives, Lord, may you move it away. May you rise this morning, Lord, outside the realms of this flesh, Lord. Though we claim to have an indwelling of your spirit, Lord, may we realize that these earthly bodies, the things we move about in, Lord, they are part of this world, Lord. You've sanctified us. You've set us aside. May we recognize that, Lord, and and don't hold us bound by these things, Lord. May we enter into a special communion this morning, Lord, with you. We realize that the pain, the aches, the the stress and troubles of this life, Lord. May we just lay them aside for this time. Truly recognize a resurrection in our midst, not just of old, but here this morning. Lord, may you live and move and have your being as your scripture says. Lord, draw us closer to you for having come to this service, Lord. Lord, if there's any sick or needy where you are, Lord, they get dissolved. They get moved away. Things are made well, you change every situation, Lord. We pray that that would be the case this morning. That no one would leave wanting or desiring anything. Lord, we can move up a little higher. Lord, as we look for you to break the eastern skies, Lord, may we look for you today, Lord, to to come in the presence of your word. Quicken it to us, Lord. We pray. Grant it, Lord. Be with those that are having services elsewhere, Lord. We think of our brother Matthew and and the group that may be over there with them. Lord, may your divine presence, Lord, just draw us as a body, as a true family of God, closer to you universally, Lord, around this world as we prepare for your soon appearing. Grant it to us now as we pray and ask these things in the lovely name of the resurrected Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Let me turn around and welcome someone this morning. Amen. And I know that we have many out at Louisiana camp this morning as brother Tim mentioned and want to continue to pray for them. Amen. Amen. God bless you. May have your seats. Oh, would you be free from your burden of sin? Oh, there's power in the blood. Oh, and power in the blood. Oh, and [Music] you wonderful power. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Jesus power. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my god. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I praise him to the Lord today. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. He certainly deserves our praises. Amen. Amen. Sister Chipo has a special Amen. And after that, Sister Sarah will bring hers. Amen. [Music] I'm not on an ego trip. I'm nothing. on my own. I've made mistakes and often slip. I'm just coming flesh and bone. But I'll prove someday just why I say I'm of a special kind. For when he was on the cross, I was on his mind. [Music] Oh, he knew me yet he loved me. He who was glory makes the heaven shine. I'm so unworthy. [Music] Oh, such mercy. For when he was on the cross, [Music] I was on his mind. The look of love was on his face and thorns were on his head. The blood was on that scarlet robe. It was saint and crimson red. Even though his eyes were on that crown the day he looked ahead in time for when he was on the cross. I was on his mind. Oh, he knew me yet he love me. [Music] Oh my [Applause] [Music] go for when he was on the I was on his mind for he knew me. Let's sing together. For he knew me yet he loved me. Oh, he was glory makes the heaven. We were so [Music] unworthy of such mercy. [Music] Oh, when he was on the cross, I was on his mind. [Music] Oh, when he was on the cross, I was on his way. [Music] mind when he was on the cross. Amen. He went to die so he can restore that fellowship that he had with you. Amen. Amen. We have a testimony from brother Enoch. writes, "Um, may the saints of the living God uh join me in thanking God for his successful dissertation defense uh that occurred on Friday. Uh may his wonderful name be praised." Amen. We certainly thank the Lord for that. Brother Jay writes, "Uh, today is my wife's birthday. May the Lord bless her and strengthen her, man. I certainly want to wish her happy birthday." Happy birthday. Amen. Praise the Lord. [Applause] uh request for prayer from brother William. He writes, "Please pray for me as I'm feeling significant pain uh on my right leg and certainly pray that the Lord will touch him." Amen. We know as we stated this morning, we have uh many of our uh youth and even uh counselors and chaperon up in Louisiana, but Matthew's preaching this morning. We just want to pray that the Lord will give them a wonderful service. I don't know if you had an opportunity to watch some of the services. It was wonderful. And and we have some that are um uh were baptized. We certainly thank the Lord for that. Amen. So if you have a need upon your heart to slip your hand after him, amen this morning. Amen. Is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And he hasn't changed. It's the same God always. We can come with confidence knowing that uh whatever we have need of, Amen, he's able to give it to us. Amen. Brothers that are taking the offerings if you could come. [Music] Amen. Let's just bow heads. Our gracious [Music] father, what can we say, Lord? Father, we so thankful of this morning, Lord. the Easter weekend. Father, we are bought in remembrance of the life that you gave, Lord. And Father, you came and you gave your life so we could live, Lord. And we gather here, Father, as the expression of that love that you poured down. And you came and you became us so we can become you, Lord. And Father, you took away our sins and our shame. Father, the chastisement of our peace was laid upon you and you say it's by your stripes that we are healed. You took our place that we may become you. Lord, we pray this morning for every need that's represented this morning. And our brother William with the pain in the leg and Father, whatever the need is behind the uplifted hand, Father, we know that we have a sacrifice this morning that was given. And that sacrifice was good enough to take away everything that we go through. And we pray Lord by that that sacrifice. May you come this morning and impart to each believer what they have need of because we know Lord that in you we live. In you we have our being. In you everything that we have need of we find it. Lord bless this this service this morning. Bless our pastor. Lord and father as the word will be brought forth. May you just come by our way and strengthen us, oh God, and by the way of your word that we may receive life, Lord, life eternal. We commit the tithes and the offerings into your hands, Father. Those that will give, bless their hands, oh God, and those that don't, Father. You're the God who can multiply. You're the God that can give. May you give us an opportunity, Lord, that we may give to your kingdom. Bless the service. We commit it to you and we thank you. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Sister Sorrow will bring me special. [Music] Amen. Love was more than just a pretty word to say. When the father gave his son upon the cross one day and all the fighter souls never take the place of a cup of water gi it the world will know the tomb is empty. When they see our hearts are full, they will know that he is living. When he lives in me and you, the world will know who holds tomorrow. When we hold to him today, the world will know. The world will [Music] know. We are living Bibles read of all men. We can show the world that he's alive again. There's no better way for them to see his plan than to see our lives completely in his hands. The world will know the tomb is empty when they see our hearts are full. They will know that he is the living when he lives in me and you. The world will know who holds tomorrow. When we hold to him today, the world will [Music] know. The world will know. We've got to show them. Show them. Show the world we know him. Not just in the words we say, but the life we live. Show them. Show them. Show the world we know him. Not just in the words we say, but the love we give. The world will know the tomb is empty when they see your hearts are full. They will know that he's living when he lives in me and you. The world will know who holds tomorrow. When they see us cling to him, the world will know. The world will know. Oh, the world will know. Lord, let them see you live in us. I pray for the world will [Music] [Applause] know. Amen. I want the world to know that he lives by my life. Amen. That's my heart desire. Amen. Let's sing that song. Where would I be if not for grace? [Music] Amen. Where where would I be? You only know. I'm glad you see through eyes of love. Oh, and a hopeless king. Oh, and an empty place. Oh, if not, oh, where would I be? Where would I be? You only know. Oh, and I'm glad you see through eyes of Lord. Oh, a hopeless king. Oh, what an empty grave. Oh, and if Oh, amazing grace. Amazing grace, a sweet sound. I once was lost but now a hopeless king and empty. Oh love. Oh amazing grace. Amazing grace. It's a sweet sound. I once was lost, but now I'm found. Oh, and a hopeless case. An empty grave. Oh, and if not for grace. Amen. Amen. Sister Hope and Sister Messia have a special and after that Sister Lori and the grandkids will have theirs. Amen. I don't know. Oh, sister. to see when he rose again to touch his wounded hands and feet. And know he died for you and me. I didn't feel the scars he bore. And yet I know his love is sure. And though I've never seen his face, I know he's with us every day. Have fell. The piercing nails of the very hands that heal us. With his feet that climb the lonely hills, the feet that cross beside us. His eyes that hold the deepest pain and see the best within us. He knows my heart. He knows my name. [Music] This is Jesus. Someday we'll see him come again. With power and glory he'll descend. And every tongue will speak his name. And every knee will bow in praise. And we'll be there to see his face to touch the scars that still remain to feel his love for every soul. And all the world will finally know the spell. The piercing nails are the very head that heal us. These feet that climb on the holy hills are the feet that wash beside us. Jesus, the deepest dream. I'll see the best within us. He knows my heart. He knows my name. This is Jesus. The truth, the life, the only way. This is Jesus. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Some are known by gra 14 for kingdoms as far as eyes can see. And fire rose they rule from thrones. Waging wars. They overthrow the king and call it victory. My king is known by mercy. My king is known by grace. For the hope in his name and the power that saves. My king is known by the cross. My king is known by an empty grave. When all that he does, my king is known by I can almost see him even now. rejected with thorns upon his brow. What kind of king would leave his throne and make my sin and shame his very own. Yet he gave his life for me. He gave his life for me. My king is known by mercy. My king is known by grace. For the hope in his name and the power that saves. My king is known by the cross. My king is known by an empty grace when all that he does. My king is known by a love that welcomes everyone as his daughters and his sons. And no one has ever turned away. My king is known by mercy. My king is known by grace. for the hope in his name and the power that saves. My king is known by the cross. My king is known by an empty grave. Oh, and all that he does. My king is known by his love. His amazing love. My king is known by love. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. We have a king this morning. Man, we are kingdom people. Amen. Oh, thank you for the cross world. Oh, and thank you for the price you pay. Oh, bear in all my sin and shame. Oh, and in love you came and gave amazing gra. Oh, and thank you for the smile, Lord. Oh, and thank you for the name. Oh, and wash me. Your cleansing flow. Oh, and I all I know is your forgiveness and grace. [Music] worthy seding. [Music] [Music] Oh, Jesus found God. The treasure of heaven crucified. Oh [Music] worthy. Oh [Music] worthy. Oh and thank you for just thank him this morning. Hallelujah. Oh and thank you for the cry. Oh, every all my sin and shame. Oh, and in love you came. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, I thank you for this love. Oh, I thank you for the name. Oh, and wash me in your cleansing flow. All I know is you forgive me. [Music] seated it on your throne. Oh, and we cry. Oh, you victory. Oh, hallelujah. Oh, and Jesus God. Oh, and a treasure of him. You [Applause] see, [Music] oh, oh, aren't you glad the lamb is worthy this morning? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Sister Rebecca is a special if she could bring it at this time. [Music] They all walked away with nothing. came to say they had just lost their dearest friend. All that he said now he was dead. So this is the way it would end. The dreams they had dreamed were not what it seemed now that he was dead and gone. The garden, the jail, the hammer, the nail. How could a night be so long? Then came the morning. Night turned into day. The stone was rolled away. Hope rose with the [Music] dawn. Then came the morning. Shadows vanished before the sun. Death had lost and life had won. For morning had come. The angel, the star, the kings from afar, the wedding, the water, the wine. Now it was done. They had taken her son, wasted before his time. She knew it was true. She'd watched him die, too. She'd heard them call him just a man. But deep in her heart, she knew from the start somehow her son would live again. Then came the morning. I turned in today. The stone was rolled away. Hope rose with the dawn. Then came the morning. [Music] Shadows vanish before the sun. Death had lost and life had won. For morning had [Music] come. Then came the morning. [Music] Shadows vanished before the sun. Death had lost and life had won. For morning had come. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Let's all stand this morning. Let's sing. I know my redeemer liveth. Amen. And because he live, we shall live also. Amen. As we get ready for the word. Amen. Who thought the sun wait to stand in [Music] morning? Who told the ocean you can only come this far? And who should he hide in the name whose words alone can catch a falling star. I know my redeemer. Oh, and I know my redeemer live. Oh, and let our creation testify his life within me. Christ, I know my redeemer. Sing it as we go to pastor this morning. A very simple thing. Oh, it runs to the [Music] we gentle hands that holds me when I'm broken. All the dark contest to bring me victory. I know the redeemer. Oh, I know my redeemer live. Oh, and let our creation testify within Christ. I believe our gracious father certainly this morning we celebrating that like great life. Father, that we know that you're alive and present with us. Lord, we ask you to bless our service this morning, our Easter service. Father, those that are away in camp and returning home, we ask your mighty hand to be on them. Father, may each of us this morning rejoice in what that we have. And Lord, what that we've been given. May our revelation increase. We ask for your grace and mercy in Jesus precious and wonderful name we pray. Amen. And amen. God bless you this morning. If you have your headset got crunched anyway. They got it backwards. That don't work either. I got it. All right, here we are. We're back. Ah, they figured it out. Let's turn in our Bibles this morning. Uh uh we'd like to read uh two scriptures this morning. Uh one found in Romans the 8th chapter and the 11th verse. This one I know that uh we all know by heart. It's probably quoted uh very very very uh often amongst us. And that is Romans 8:11 says, "But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth in you." Amen. And let's turn over to the uh St. John the gospel of St. John the 10th chapter and starting with the 15th verse and we'll read from there if we can and um um it's and it says in 10 and 15 it says as the father knoweth me even so know I the father and I lay down my life for the sheep and other sheep I have which are not of this fold. Them also I must bring and they shall hear my voice and there shall be onefold and one shepherd. Therefore doth my father love me because I lay down my life that I might take it again. No man taketh it from me but I lay it down of myself and I have power to lay it down and I have power to take it again. This commandment have I received of my father. Heavenly Father, we ask you to bless your word to us this morning. In the precious name of our Lord and Savior, we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. I'd like to just uh uh if I would give it a title, I'd like to call it Easter power. Easter power and uh we know that the resurrection is the you know the most uh it is it just to a Christian it's it's just the most wonderful event uh that transpired within Christianity and I I just like just to think for a moment uh just look at the ministry of of our Lord and Saviors. He came on the earth and and uh you know his mother knew something was special and and and and Joseph knew he had the dream and and they they didn't know maybe Elizabeth and and doctors knew because of the life that that leapt in in John and and yet John was out preaching that there was one coming. But relatively Jesus was totally unknown. He was just a carpenter's son uh living in uh Nazareth up there which really was not it was kind of up in the mountains. It wasn't a real prosperous place. It it it wasn't known for anything spectacular. In fact, they would say, "Could any good thing even come out of this place?" um you know so uh that that was just a trend. He was totally unknown. But then there was a wedding feast and and he changed water into wine. And yet not many knew that. But slowly as he began to go out and he began to preach the gospel and he be to do signs and wonders and and things begin to transpire and and and so many things uh came to pass. I like how the prophet explained he says, "But all those days and all the things that Jesus did and certainly appreciate all the vindication of God's word and what he what did to fulfill it, the healing of the sick, the raising of the dead, casting out of devils, preaching the gospel the to the poor, fulfilling every word of God that would that would do when he came and suffered for our sins. Now, I want you to picture here's this great ministry and everybody began to have hope. Everybody was interpreting it a different way. Oh, we thought that he would deliver us from the Romans and we thought he would do this. There was there was a a a power. There was a stir. And yet the religious leaders of that time, they were totally opposed to his ministry. They fought him in every way. They were trying to hold them in the traditions of the way that they were taught and the way they were raised. And they wanted to keep them under the bondage of the law. And and they had political motives. They didn't want to stir up the Romans. They didn't want to cause anything. But Jesus brought a great hope. He brought a great light. There was a light shining in their lives, shining in their midst. Something that they've never seen before. The the words that he spoke were things that they had lost hope in. They they he was stirring up something within them uh that that gave them uh great anticipation. In fact, they marvel that one that was born blind received their sight. Just think of the possibilities that begin to race in the people's mind, not only for themselves but for Israel that one with such power was in their midst. Uh what could he do? Oh, this they thought this must be the king that is going to rise up and and deliver Israel uh restore the kingdom of Solomon to its glory. And and they were they were so uh filled with uh I don't I don't know the word I want to use. I don't want to use imagination, but a lot of it was imagination. just imagining the possibilities what he could do. And I want you to picture this. The revival was on. Crowds were gathering. Massive crowds were gathering. In fact, he finally came into uh Jerusalem and the people were taking palm leaves and and screaming, "Hosana, King of the Jews." you know, glory to God. The revival was on, the victory was going, and I I just thinking about and all of a sudden there he was and all their anticipation, all their dreams, all their hopes, all that they thought. And in an instant, the mighty political power of Rome stepped in a and what they were all under bondage to what they all were subject to the taxes the laws soldiers walking up and down their streets uh the burdens they were all under. All of a sudden, that great power uh rose up, the great Roman power rose up and seemingly took what what they saw as a great hope and just crushed it and crucified it and punished it by capital punishment like they did anybody else. just put him on the cross and there he died. And they sat back and thought, "Well, all these miracles, it didn't amount to anything. All the people that got well, they're just going to get sick again and die." So every anticipation, every hope, every desire that they were looking for all of a sudden seemed to be crushed. Could you imagine what that Friday night was like for his followers? How about the Saturday when they thought, "What's going to happen to us?" You know, are they going to hunt us down? Are are they going to are are they are they going to wipe us all out? Uh can you imagine the fear? Can you imagine the disappointment? We we see that in the story on the road to Emmas when when they were walking along and the stranger approached him and he says what what are you guys talking about? What are what's why are you so broken? Oh, haven't you heard? We thought this was he that would deliver Israel. Their disappointment was was so heavy upon them and and it it it was he he was a failed thing to them. The ministry of the Lord Jesus was a failed man. It just failed. It it it was subject to death. It was subject to the the same powers that everybody else was subject to. It was subject to the political powers. It was subject to Rome. And and when Rome decided they had enough of it, they could just step in and just clutch it away and put it on a cross and put it in a tomb and it was over. Now think of it. If you sat under that ministry, where would you go from there? We know. Just imagine where what now? We left our families. You You know what I mean? We left our jobs. We we testified to all of our neighbors. uh we identified ourselves with this ministry. We walked with it. We followed it. We called people to it. We we we testified of it. The the the shepherds had testified years earlier. And and now the the leopards had testified. The a man that was full of demons testified. And all of a sudden, all the reproach of all the ministry was all on them. People looked at them like, you know, you fool. You got taken for a ride. You got deceived. Just one more deception. Uh one one more fallacy. You you you you got all caught up. We told you the law was right. All the priests, we told you that Moses was was the thing cuz they all went to the synagogue on Saturdays. Oh, I imagine the sermons that Saturday read like, "Oh, we finally got rid of that heretic. We told you this was not true. We told you it was contrary to the law. We we told you that that God was going to do this and God was going to do that. Could you imagine sitting there, the disappointment, the the total wonderment, the the total loss? And how how are you going to justify any of it? But that's what's so beautiful about the power of Easter because that moment Easter proved beyond a shadow of a doubt Easter the resurrection. He sealed everything that he promised. It sealed all the teaching, everything that he said, everything that he taught about turning the other cheek, about going the extra mile. You talk all the teachings that he taught, all the things that that he taught them to be, how he taught them to act, you know, compelling them. If someone gives you ask for your cloak, give them your cloak also. You know, don't lend that you might borrow again. The words that they heard, the things that stirred their hearts, all they they meant nothing. They were put to an end. They couldn't go forward on them. They couldn't trust them. H how how do you how do you know that this is the way to walk? How do you know this is the way to think? How do you know this is the way to act? What do you have as evidence? What do you have as proof? In other words, it it was just nothing but an a philosophy. But oh, when all of a sudden he which was dead liveth, and not just live for a season, live forever more. Oh, that sealed it. That that put the that sealed everything that he taught. Made it true. Not only made it true, but made it attainable. There was a power. He said, "I have power to lay my life down. no man taketh from me. I have power to lay it down and power to take it up. You know, even remember on the road to Emmas, he began to he chastised them. He spoke these words. He told them, "Nobody's going to take my life from me. I have power to lay it down. that went right over their head. Right over their head because they weren't in the spirit. They weren't even in the spirit of the age. They weren't in the spirit of what was transpiring. They weren't in the spirit of what that he came for. The scriptures told it and spoke it that that he he the chastisement of his peace would be laid upon him. All all the prophecies concerning him he was fulfilling one after another. But man had become so disconnected from the power of God. They become so disconnected from the promises in the scripture. They they became so disconnected that they couldn't even identify the Lord Jesus in the fulfillment of the word of God that he was fulfilling every day. everything that was spoken of them. He told them, "Search the scriptures in them. You think you've got life." In other words, you think you can follow it your way by your interpretation and make it, but they are which testify of me, the Lord Jesus said. So, the scriptures weren't talking about what you thought they were talking about. They were talking about me. Every promise of the redeemer, every promise of the deliverer, every promise of the kingdom, everything that was written in the Old Testament was fulfilled in him. And yet, they missed it. I'm so glad that he didn't judge me for that. But he bore that judgment upon himself. Just just think of it. It it it it absolutely proved and sealed that what he said was true. You know, like if you you know, we call it, you know, in you know, uh in business or something, you say it sealed the deal. You know, maybe you're buying a truck and and the guy says, "Well, I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll I'll throw in some oil changes and uh and you're still hesitant." And and so he finally says, "How about if I put a a couple of these really nice mirrors on the truck?" And now you look at it and you say, "Oh, okay. That seals the deal." That's the thing that that that caused me to go ahead and and and and make that next step because it it sealed the deal, you know? Or they're explaining what something will do and and that's fine. I don't need that. I don't need that. You know what I mean? And then then they just hit that one that one item that that one thing that this does. You know what I mean? And boy, and when you hear that, you think, well, that that seals the deal. That that that seals it. Well, the Easter, the power of Easter sealed the word of God. It proved it. It proved that everything that was spoken in it was true. Yes, it was fantastic that people were healed. I liken the the Ten Commandments. uh uh and I I know you've all seen it and it it's wonderfully done, but you know the ri river turns to blood and and old pharaoh he says, "Oh, that's because the the lime or something stone got in the river and it turned it red." He had an excuse for that. And then, you know, he said, "And that caused the frogs to come out of the water." He had an excuse for that. Then the frogs died and that caused the flies. And he had an excuse for everything. But what sealed the deal, hallelujah, was when that angel of death showed up and Moses said, "The firstborn of all of Egypt will die this night." No matter what they did, the first cow born cow, the firstborn calf, the firstborn dog, the firstborn cat, firstborn mouse, the firstborn cockroach, I don't care what it was. You know, God said, "Let my people go." And Moses kept trying this and he kept trying that and he kept trying this. But finally, there was something that was going to seal the deal. And when that angel of death walked through there, that sealed the deal. It proved. And I I love that part. I'm sorry. I referred to a film, but when Moses when Pharaoh's sitting up on that throne and he finally looks over and he says, "Well, Moses's God is God. Why? It settled it. It settled it. And it ought to settle it for every believer. That's our hope. That That's what we're That's what we're we're trusting in. That's what that that's everything that that we believe is is that it it sealed the word. It proved it the truth. What sealed it was is that one that can say something. All the things that Jesus taught, all the things that he did, then he proved it. A lot of people can say a lot of things. Uh I I like that quote from uh Finny that David uh read Wednesday night. They they uh so they asked Finny if he wanted to be prayed for. And he said, "I'm certainly a sinner and I need your prayer." He said, "But why would I have you pray for me? You've been praying for the same things over and over again for years and nothing ever happens. So God isn't hearing your prayers. So why should I ask you to pray when God's not hearing your prayers? So there's got to be some effect. So this resurrection that to be effectual, you understand? So he proved that what he said was true. He proved that that what he said that he could lay his life down and take it up again. That was true. He he everything he taught he proved by resurrecting that he had the power that he claimed he had. But that wouldn't have done anything for us. Is that right? We know that was for him. He he he knew that that he uh we knew that he rose from the dead. But that what made it effectual was when he told us that we have access to the same spirit that raised him from the dead. It isn't he raised from the dead. That is not the power of Easter. He had that power. That wasn't That's not why we rejoice. That's not why we're glad for the resurrection. That would be just like worshiping Buddha. That's right. But that's not what our hope was. That's not what the resurrection means to us as Christians. That's not the power of Easter. The power of Easter was that he gave us access to that same spirit that quickened him. Just think of it. He had just died on Calvary. He went and preached to the souls that was in prison. Then he goes and he goes to the father and says, "Father, I've paid the price. I've laid my life down. I've taken their sins. I've thrown them in the sea of forgetfulness. As many as believed on me, all that you have given me will come. Now, Father, I pray for one thing, that they may be one as we might be one. That the same spirit that dwells in me might dwell in them. That's why Easter is so beautiful to us. That's why this day that we represent on a calendar means so much to us because we have access through Calvary to the same spirit that quickened his mortal body. And we can have that same spirit in us. That's what the church is get getting so far away from. I'm going to try not to be long this morning, but it he he paid the price. We couldn't pay the price. There's not enough righteousness in us. It's like paying a debt with stolen money. I had a guy do that to me one time. He sold one brother a piece of property out in the middle of nowhere that wasn't no good for nothing. Took that money and came and paid me some for something that he owed me for. I probably ought to pay that brother back. I don't know how much he took him for, but I think if I can remember who it is, I think I will. It what? That doesn't get Don't you see that just perpetuates? It just perpetuates sin. It just perpetuates. In other words, if we're born in sin, shaped in iniquity, come into the world, speaking lies, what are we going to continue to do? We're going to continue to lie. We have no We have no way out. The human being has no way out. You can't just take this Bible and decide that you're going to read this Bible and through your own mind get some sort of righteousness that's going to save you or that there's some sort of secrets in there. some sort of accumulation of facts and putting them in the right order that you now can present a life that's worthy. You can't do it. A liar is going to create lies because it's his nature to do it. You will lie to yourself. I lie every morning when I look in the mirror. You're not that ugly. Your nose isn't that big. You could probably grow the hair back if you wanted to. Any kind of lie that you tell yourself, it's human nature. It's what we are. We have unbelief. We have limits that we set on what we believe can be done. There was no way out for us. But there was a power in Easter. There was an Easter power. Jesus says, "I have power to take it up again." That was the Easter power. That was the power that he could lay down his life. We could lay down our lives. We got half of the formula. But he was the only one that possessed the other half. I have the power to take it up. I have the Easter power, the resurrection power that I can lay my life down and I can take it up again. and I paid the price. Easter would not be what it is this morning if he did not share that power with us. That's why he told them when they saw him go away, can you imagine their hearts again? Here he rose. Oh, they're all vindicated. They're all happy again. And then he takes them up and he leaves. But what did he tell him? I'll not leave you nor forsake you, but I'll be with you even in you until the end. You go wait until you're endued with power from on high. You go wait. You tar until the Easter power comes and fills you. And there they were up there and the Easter power filled them. He shared with them. Look what he did. He shared the power that raised him from the dead. The spirit that raised him from the dead. He shared that. What was that spirit? There's only one form of eternal life and that's God. There's only one power that has the power over life and death. Men can die. Doctors can do all that they can do. Medicine can do great things. But death has always been the final ultimate of man. Nobody has ever been able to conquer death, hell, and the grave. But there was a power that Jesus possessed that God had given him. It was the resurrection power that he had to overcome death, hell and the grave. As far as man knew, the grave was the end of every man. He proved he was the resurrection and the life when the resurrection power, that's what he told Marth. He says, "I am the resurrection and the life. I have the power." That's why he could go there and say, "Lazareth, come forth." He showed right there. He was going to share that power with man. I believe it was Gyrus's daughter that passed away. And he went in and her Tabitha I think her name was and he called her back. Why? He was the resurrection and the life. The spirit that God put in him was the resurrection power. the Easter power to overcome sin, to overcome the grave, to overcome eternal separation from God. And when he rose, he proved it. He sealed it. He could have boasted about it and alls we would do is visit that tomb like it was a monument. But we don't visit that tomb. We can visit the man that was in that tomb. We don't have to know him in history. We can know him personally because he he rose so he could share that spirit, that power with the believer. That's why the letter kleth. But the spirit gives life. To to give life means to quicken. It means to to bring it to life. And Jesus actually could bring to us and quicken in us eternal life that we would never taste death. Not just the death of this body. total death. He had that power. And that's what the word does. You could look at the word. You could read it. But something has got to be able to come and quicken that word and make it alive in you. I I'll just read the statement because I think it's it it's so marvelous. See if I can find it here. He says, "Now, now is the spirit now is the spirit that quickens. It's not the word that quickens." So, I mean, man has got to where he thinks that within him, he's got some ability to go in here and read this and make it come alive. You know what? We got 900 different denominations, 900 different ideas. Every time somebody does that and they start coming up with a little something, people start flocking to them. They they they start be getting rised up in glory. They start they get fame. They get a name. They they start doing something because it's not the word that quickens. It's the Easter power that quickens this word. You want this word to come alive in your life? Get the resurrection Easter power. Get the spirit. He told them, "Go wait until the spirit of truth comes. Go wait until you're endued with power from on high. Don't Don't just go and start reading the word. have an intellectual knowledge that there's a God and then start to try to perform and live a Christian life. You can fool yourself for years, but one day you'll meet that great Roman power. They just couldn't believe. Why didn't Jesus just slay him? You know why? Because he laid down his life for his sheep. The father loves me because I lay my life down for my sheep. Why didn't he slay that Rome? So you can have the power in your life to slay your Rome, to slay your Goliath, to bring your flesh under subjection, to to get rid of all the demons that are in your mind. He gave he he gave he sent his spirit. The spirit that raised him from the dead. The power that God put within him to lay his life down and to take it up again. That power, he was going to share it. He was going to give it to all that believed in him. He was going to give them power to be the sons of God. Don't take an intellectual or your own way of doing things when you have the Easter power that's here for you as a free gift. You would think that every one of us would be so full of the desire to have it to sacrifice everything. Jesus says, "What would a man give for his soul? Eternal life. That's what the Easter power is. It's eternal life. That's what the Holy Spirit is. The Holy Spirit is the spirit of God. It's the power of Easter coming in your life, giving you power over death, hell, and the grave. And it's free because it's been paid for. It it it so so we know that it takes this spirit to quicken the word. It took this power. So God gave Jesus that power to lay down his life and take it up again. And he didn't keep it for himself. He didn't have to go to Calvary. He didn't do nothing wrong. He said, ' Which amongst you can find any sin in me? Show me where I broke the law. Show me where I've done anything. Show me where I blasphemed. I've I've proven to you everything that I've said. They tried to trick him with coins. They tried to trick him with this, trick him with that. He just kept the line. He stayed right there. Why did he go to Calvary? He laid his life down for a sheep that he could take the life that was in him and share it with you. I I thought this statement was astounding. So, if you don't mind, I'd like to to read this. He said, "This is a bad word to use, and I hope I I and I and I hope you take it right before a crowd." But he was predestinated by the fornowledge of God. how God plan was to be that he would send a redeemer and this redeemer could only be his son. So then that was God's promise all the way from the garden of Eden that Jesus would be here. Here he was a man born of a virgin, but it taken the spirit of God to quicken that word in him. It took the spirit of God to make all that word alive in him. They asked him, "Can you be baptized with the baptism I'm baptized?" And he says, "You can and you will." The same spirit. If the same spirit that dwelt in the Christ, our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, dwell in you, it will also quicken your mortal bodies. Why will we settle for anything less than the spirit of God? We ought to hunger for it. We ought to thirst for it. We want it's ours to possess. It's a free gift. It's been freely given. We should want to share it. But we fall into the same mental trap of thinking that we can make the word come alive. We cannot make the word come alive without his spirit. We can't earn his spirit. We can't call it down. Alls we can do is humble ourselves, surrender ourselves, and ask. How often do you need to be led? I need to be led every day. Every day, we've got to humble ourselves. Every day we've got to ask for that spirit to lead us and guide us in all truth and righteousness. Every day we've got to ask that spirit, this the Easter power to come and make this word alive, not only to our minds, but alive in our lives. Every day we got to ask for this Easter power, this power that's been given to the church. The power that's to lead this church. The power that changes lives. The power that protects you and keeps you from all evil and all sin and unrighteousness. Every day you've got to get in contact with that earthly wonderful supernatural Easter power. You say, "What do you mean earthly?" I mean it's here in you. It's in you. He put it in you. He who is in you is greater than he's in the world. But you know it's it it's the pearl of great price. If and we don't want to exchange creed and dogma and intellect for the fountain of life and of his holy spirit. It's something that is there if we seek it and ask for it. But I thought that was a tremendous thing. He's but he still needed the spirit of God to quicken that word in him. Jesus was the mystery of God revealed how a man could have the spirit of God come in and quicken in him to fulfill every word of God. That that is the beauty of it that there is a Easter power that's here for every believer. Don't look backwards. You can't undo yesterday. But he can undo the effects. He can undo the results of your decisions. He can undo every trap that Satan set for you. He can undo. He's got power to overcome everything. That's what he proved. I have power. I have the Easter power. I have it. It dwells in me. I am the Easter power. I am the resurrection. I am the way, the truth, the life. No man cometh unto the father but by me. I'm it. And I am going to share the spirit that is in me. The spirit of God that's in me. I'm going to give it to you. I'm going to give you access to it and it's going to change you and transform you into new creatures in Christ Jesus. You're not going to be in the gloom of this world and the doom of this world. With this spirit that I'm going to give you, you can sit in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Oh, you should know if you have it. And if you know you've got it, you should be happy. You say, "Well, do you fail?" Yeah, I fail. But praise God, I got the seal. The flesh wars against the spirit and the spirit against the flesh. But he said, and the spirit quickened that to me that if he started a work in me, he'll finish it. He said that nothing could pluck me out of the palm of his hand. I couldn't pluck myself out of the palm of his hand. And I am nothing. So nothing can pluck me out of the palm of his hand. The spirit Yes sir. of Easter quickened that to me that that means me. Praise God. I have the life. You say, "Well, what about what you are?" Praise God. I'm getting a new me. This body will be dissolved away. This temple of sin, this burden of the flesh and I've got a new body waiting for me that'll never taste death. That's the quickening power. That's the resurrection life. You know, it ought to put a smile on our face. But we we've got beat down thinking that we can perfect ourselves. you. We we we preach that our sisters should wear godly clothing, not wear high heels and not wear makeup and not wear jewelry and earrings and lipstick and and those long eyelashes that you know look like a fan sweeper or something like that. And and and tight dresses and all that stuff. We we preach all that. But I grew up a Catholic. I was around nuns that they dressed like they dressed like, you know, fulll long things and little bonnets on their head and, you know, walking around all the time acting like they're holy. You know, they were holy to me till they got a ruler in their hand, started beating me with it, and then then I didn't think too much of them. It it the it's not the outside. God works from the inside out. You get the power of Easter in you. It'll start conquering from the inside. It'll start pressing out the desires. It'll start changing your thinking. It'll start changing your desires. It'll start changing you. You start down a path, it'll convict you of sin. And now you can gain a confidence in it. You can let it lead you and guide you into all truth and righteousness. It ain't a magic wand. He'll change this body. But until then, he's given you power, Easter power to bring this body into subjection. Not by power, not by might, but by my spirit, saith the Lord. You say, "What is the baptism of the Holy Ghost?" It's Easter power coming into the believer. It's the power that he possessed. The spirit that was in him coming in you and it was purchased for you. Don't earn it. Ask for it. Don't earn it. Fast and pray if you need be. Read your Bible. Sit alone with God. Wait on him. Hear him. Listen to him until he speaks to your heart. Until you can walk out and say, "Thank you, Lord. I've settled it." Have you ever stumbled? Mother Mary, I've stumbled. But I know one thing, nothing can be be laid to the charge of God's elect because the seed of God remains in them. And if I fail, something in me says, "Aba, Father, forgive me, Lord. I'll make it right. Help me, lead me, and guide me." We're getting close to the end. Now is not the time to be without the Easter power. And and don't don't go to that negative thinking. Oh, I ain't got it. You ain't got it. Get it. You have not because you ask not. And you ask not because you don't believe it's real. It's real. It kept me from prison. It kept me from drug overdose. It kept me from a lot of things. The spirit of God did. It's our only hope. And it's yours. And I'd like just to close maybe with just this little thought because there's so there's so much in in the great word. But this great Easter power, what what it does is it it transforms a mortal man into being partakers of the supernatural. This Easter power allows you, a mortal man, to now partake in supernatural things. Things that happen above nature, beyond nature, beyond logic, beyond common sense. I get such a kick. Everything now is common sense. Common sense. I don't need common sense. I need Easter power. I need a power that'll take me beyond my senses, beyond my logic to believe that God can do things that's exceedingly and abundantly above what I can even ask or think. this great power that today we're celebrating the event. I don't know if this is exactly the day or or what, but it's a time that Christianity sets aside and we say that our savior rose from the dead, that he demonstrated and proved and sealed his word that it was true because he proved what he was talking about. And that's the seal to me. And now this power that raised him from the dead, he's going to place it in us so it does the same thing for us. Aren't you glad you have it? Aren't you glad you can say, "Oh, death, where's your sting? Oh grave, where's your victory? I have eternal life. You just look what it did. It took no mortal men and turned them into partakers of the supernatural. We can have the supernatural in our lives by Easter power. Easter was the invitation for every believer to receive the supernatural. The works that you I do, you shall do also because I go unto the father and I'll send you another comforter. I will be with you even in you. The power that raised me up from the dead, I am going to place that power in you and it'll do the same for you. What's what's Christianity without the spirit of God? What's Christianity without the resurrection power? What's Christianity without Easter power? The power of Easter. It's just another religion. This message without brother Bram never built his ministry on intellectual teaching. He built it on power and demonstration of the Holy Spirit by re-impersonating the ministry of Jesus Christ in our day. The same yesterday, today, and forever. And it'll do the same for you. I love the story of sheep Mach and Abednego. You know, I love what they said to the king and they said, you know, Shadrach, Mach, this is in Daniel, the third chapter, Shadrach, Meshach, Nebgo answered and said to the king, "Oh Nebuchadnezzar, we are not careful to answer thee in this matter. If it be so, our God whom we serve is able to deliver us from the burning furnace, and he will deliver us out of thy hand, O king. But if not, be it known unto thee, O king, that we will never serve thy gods, nor worship the golden image which thou hast set up. And you know the story. Oh Nebuchadnezzar, he gets angry. I mean, these guys, they say, "Oh king, live forever." I'll tell you what, our God can deliver us from your hand. In other words, my God is greater than you. And I will not back away from that testimony. And every single one of us should be able to say, "He who is in me, the Easter power in me is greater than you, Satan. And you may be in my flesh. You may be in my mind, but I know this power will deliver me from your grasp. And if I'm going through a financial season, if I'm going through a health season, if I'm going through this, that doesn't matter because my God is going to deliver me from your hand. In fact, you can look grave in the face. You can look death in the face and say, "This Easter power in me is going to deliver me from the hell death in the grave." It's settled. Take me if you want. Throw me in the furnace. And then you drop back over here and uh and the 24th verse it says or the 23rd verse and these three men Shadrach, Meshach, Abednego fell down bound into the midst of the burning fiery furnace. Then Nebuchadnezzar the king was astoned and rose up in haste and spoke and said unto his counselors, "Did not we cast three men bound into the midst of the fire?" And they answered and said unto the thing, "True, O king?" And he answered and said, "Lo, I see a fourth man loose walking in the midst of the fire, and they have and they have no hurt. And the form of the fourth man is like the son of God." Hallelujah. What was he? He was the resurrection power and he came and delivered Shadrach, Meack and Abednego. This this power was on Stephen. They were going to stone him. And he looked up and he said, "Behold the Son of God. Father, forgive them for they know not what they do. Just think of that power. We take it. We We only want it for carnal things. I want it that can take me from the man that I am, the failure that I am, all the things that are about me that are wrong and deliver me from myself. that can put the love of God in my heart and shed it abroad by the Holy Spirit telling all of us through the resurrection, through the baptism of the Holy Spirit, the baptism of the Holy Spirit, the sharing of the Easter power with his sons and daughters that we can overcome all things. I can do all things through Christ Jesus who strengthens me. Why pack the load? He already carried the cross. All things are possible. We must believe that God is and a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. You seek after this life. You make full proof of your ministry. You make full proof of your of your your commitment to him. You get down and you renew your commitment to him. You make things right. You repent right. You have that spirit of God renewed in you. You'll wake up so refreshed. If you have a burden, take it to the Lord in prayer. Let the power of Easter handle it for you. Let the power of Easter do for you exceedingly and abundantly above what you can ask or think. Let the power of Easter lead you. Let the power of Easter be your hope. Let the power of Easter be your strength. Let the power of Easter be your joy. It takes away all the gloom. It takes away all the doubt. You know you have something that's so valuable that it can never be taken away. You possess it and you can say, "Oh, if I die and the skin worms eat my flesh, yet will I see God. If the doctor comes in and says, "Son, you've only got a few more hours to live." You can look up and say, "Oh, doctor, it's not death to me. It's just a ticket. I'm leaving this old body behind because I'm walking in the power of Easter. The same spirit that was in him is in me. And it's going to quicken my mortal body, too. Oh, great doctor. I appreciate all you done. But when you've done all you can do, thank God, I have one more thing. The power of Easter. When it looks like it's all over and there's nothing else, praise God, there's one more thing, and it's the power of Easter. It the ultimate. It quickened Philillip actually took Philillip. Philillip was in one place and he was transported to another place by Easter power by the quickening power. the power of Easter to quicken to make alive the word in you. He carried out that word commission in Philillip and quickened him. Philillip now a mortal man partook of the supernatural by the power of Easter. And you tell me what's more supernatural than overcoming death, hell, and the grave. You can look at Peter. Silver and gold have I none, but what I have is the power of Easter. And it quickened my spirit because it brought me in remembrance of what he said. I have freely given to you freely give. Peter's there. The spirit comes upon him. Quickens to Peter that what you have, Peter, I've given you the power to give. You have power to bind. You have power to loose. The spirit of Easter made that come alive in Peter. Don't think Peter did that. It was the spirit of Easter that did it in Peter. And Peter said, "Silver and gold have I none." But what I've got, I got in the upper room when the spirit of Easter came on me. Now I have that spirit. Rise up and walk. Hallelujah. Our messenger told us, you have that same power in you. You believe him? Look at Paul on the road to Damascus. He's going to do away with them all. the heretics, all them that believe Jesus rose from the dead and all of a sudden he meets them face to face. Can you imagine that quickening power? Easter himself, Paul, why do you persecute me, man? He's got blinding light. He's laying on the ground blind as a bat. But he knows one thing. That quickening spirit is starting to bring that life. And he says, "Who art thou, Lord?" He said, "I'm Jesus. I am the resurrection. I am the Easter power. I am he that conquered death, hell, and the grave. I am he that has life eternal. I am the way, the truth. I am the way to the father. Paul, I'm going to show you a few things. Go to this certain place and have this great prophet Ananas lay hands on you that you might receive the Easter power. and then you'll be my witness throughout all the land. This morning, I believe we have the Easter power by promise. I just think we've got away from using it. And I can just say this, don't try to live without it. It's here for us. He went to Calvary and died and was beaten and his stripes were laid upon us that the chastisement of our peace. In other words, the suffering from all our sins that we could have peace that we could freely receive and freely give. He bore that in his body and by his stripes we were healed. that the supernatural Easter power could make you well. Let us rise up in faith. Let us make contact. Let's don't remain intellects. But ask God, Lord, take this word, the word that was given to us in this day, the word that quickens the life in me for the hour I'm living in. Lord, when I read, I want your spirit. I want your Easter to come and make this alive to me. I'm going to sit down and be still and I'm going to wait and I'm going to read and I'm going to listen until your spirit comes. I feel your presence making this word alive to me. Father, I'm going to sit and listen to the voice of God for the hour that I live in. Maybe you've led me to listen to this and maybe you've led me to listen to that. But I'm going to listen. I'm going to hear you, Lord. And I'm going to let that resurrection power quicken me. And I believe that I can go from the mortal to the immortal, from human to the supernatural, and I can see you alive because that's what Easter is. It's him alive in our midst today. The same yesterday, today, and forever. Here with us, present now to prove and to seal that every promise he made is true. Easter power was the seal on God's word that every promise in the book is mine. every chapter, every verse, every line. Rejoice this morning. There's a power for the church that will keep us. Not only will it keep us, but it'll transform us. This world's getting wicked, but the power is going to keep us. Nothing can pluck us out of the palm of his hand. God bless you this morning. Happy Easter power to you. Amen. Amen. Aren't you glad for the power this morning? Amen. Whatever we have need of, there's power made available that we can access this morning. Let's all stand. Amen. Amen. I don't know about you, I need that power more than anything before. Amen. And we want that power to fall upon us even this morning. Say, "Lord, I I my my cup is running dry." And I need a little bit more of that power, Lord. I just come this morning by my way. And Lord, I don't know you this morning. And I desire for you to just let that power fall on me, Lord. That it may just come into my heart and make me what you want me to be. Amen. Oh, pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Oh, and such to my thirsty soul. Come and fall a fresh on me. Fill my cup again. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh, I see. [Music] I now I need [Music] your [Music] [Music] time before [Music] Oh, heat, heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, sweet again. Oh, I see. Hallelujah. How might I [Music] be my [Music] [Music] [Music] Mercy. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] My heart and [Music] me. There is a blood that cost a life. Oh, and I guess I found my s [Music] for [Music] God. Just think about it this [Music] morning. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Music] Oh my god. [Music] [Music] Oh, heat, [Music] heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] That is [Music] sing this [Music] morning this Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Why don't you just worship him this morning? Our gracious father, we lift it up even mighty oh. Let your spirit just fall upon us oh God that we may receive that same spirit that was in Christ. And you will make us Lord overcomers in this world that that the things we struggle with, the things that bound us Lord, you are here to free us from all of those things. Lord, what a what a wonderful place to be, Lord. That that resurrection life is alive and and real in our midst and working, oh God, bringing about the promise of God in this age that we are living in. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give me the key of Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, take this hands. Lift it up. I have nothing to hear me now. Oh. Oh. I have [Music] nothing. I have [Music] nothing without you. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I am nothing without you. Take my voice this morning. Oh, take [Music] my [Music] sing. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Take my mind. Take [Music] my Heat. Heat. [Music] Take my time. Take my [Music] time. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] might I trust that your heart desire this morning that he may be a spirit that covers us and dwell in us and make us even as he is. Amen. Brother Jim, if you could just come and dismiss us this morning. We're going to continue to pray for those that are on the road from camp and pray that the Lord will bring them back safe to us. Amen. This morning. Amen. Whatever you have need of, he's here to give it to you. That's the promise that he's made. Amen. Let's just give thanks together. Heavenly Father, Lord, how your seal makes us whole, Lord. It has made us whole, Lord Jesus. For it's your very purpose, your very victory, Lord, to express your life in us, God, to vindicate your word in us, Lord. And you've promised to finish this work, God. And we have the desire and it's we've heard the word this morning that we identify with to call out Lord to you for come up higher with you Lord Jesus to have your life take over our entire life to express you Lord to a dying world God to vindicate your word Lord Jesus how thankful we are Lord that you will accomplish this work in us and we desire it and we're thankful Lord bless the pastor God give him good rest thank you Lord for speaking through him to us this day, Lord. And bless us, God, with your presence as we depart this place, Lord. May we carry it throughout the day, throughout the week, Lord, and impart to others, Lord God. And extend virtue to one another, Lord Jesus. We commit this time to you. We love you, Lord. Thank you, Lord Jesus, in your precious, holy name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Man, let's sing that song. Behold, what man of man is this? As I dismiss all this morning. Amen. Is the fourth man in the fire. Amen. Oh, behold, what man of God is this who sits the raging sea. Oh, he heals the sick, the land, and makes them want to see. Oh, he opens all the praises. He sets the mountain. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I don't see [Music]
