################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - [2025-04-27pm] Sunday Evening Service  Pastor David McGeary Sr. - David McGeary Sr.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-27
Title:   [2025-04-27pm] Sunday Evening Service | Pastor David McGeary Sr.
Speaker: David McGeary Sr
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IFr7StcE0Yw
========================================

[Music] that you [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] There it is. [Music] bless you. [Music] God bless you. Let's all stand as we open our service with this song. [Music] God is so good. God is so good. Oh, God is so good. Is so good to me. Oh, God is so good. God is so good. My God is so good. God is so Oh, God is so good. God is so good. is so good to me. Oh yes, he saved my sins. Oh, he set my spirit free. Oh, he my broken heart. Oh, he's so good. Oh, say God is so good. God is so good. God is so good. God is so good. Yes, my God is so good. God is so good. He's so good to me. Oh, I [Music] love you tonight. Oh my go. [Music] Oh yes, he answers praise. He has Hold me. He answers. Oh, he answers all my pray. Oh, he answers pray. [Music] Oh, I know he's coming. is coming soon. Yes, he's coming. [Applause] Oh my Lord is [Music] loveing is so good to thy soul. God is so good. Oh, God is so good. God is so good. Oh, God is so good. [Music] I'll invite brother Sil to open up the service for prayer. [Music] Welcome to the house of the Lord tonight. Let's bow our heads. Gracious and kind heavenly father, we thank you Lord again Lord that we're able to gather together call upon your name Lord have an expectation in our heart and know of assurance that you're going to be here amongst us Lord. Lord, we heard your word this morning, Lord. Conviction to our hearts, Lord. A nudging to be right back in the center of the road, Lord, that's where we desire to be is in perfect fellowship with you, Lord, where you can communicate with us as one-on-one. And Lord, when we think of the prophet, many times, Lord, we we knew he had a sense of direction because it was lip to ear. He heard directly from the throne of God. And Lord, realizing in this day, it's going to be the same way. Lord, that not only the Holy Spirit you gave us, but Lord, by your word, you quicken it to our hearts by that Holy Spirit, Lord, when we the revealed word, it keeps us on the right track. So tonight, that's why we're here, Lord, is that we might gain strength and knowledge, Lord. truly the companionship of fellowship one with another. It builds us up, builds our faith. But Lord, we long to hear the revelation of the truth. Lord, that's the sustaining life. Lord, that's what we have desire of tonight. So Lord, lift us up a little higher. All the needs, all the thoughts, the Lord, even our impressions of what the world's doing to us, Lord, may they all just be cast aside. May we enter into a true fellowship with a heavenly father, the one that quickens life. Lord, we have desires and we have needs. We just place them at your throne. Lord, use us as you see fit. Lord, as we enter into fellowship, Lord, with this the singing of the songs and just the worship, Lord, may you come down in a great and mighty way. We ask this now and believing in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Friendship with Jesus [Music] KFC friend of Jesus. Oh, but please the one so [Music] vi friend like these toe to the star. Thank you [Music] for Jesus. Hallelu [Applause] [Applause] she Jesus is a friendship. And we are [Music] all [Music] [Applause] Jesus. Oh my Jesus. Jesus is a friend of God. A friend of [Music] Jesus when are [Music] you joy? [Music] I see my blessings for you. Jesus is a friend of God. our friend today. [Music] The dark. Oh my god. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Jesus is the friend of God. [Music] is through the Ira. [Music] They worship [Music] me. Jesus is a friend of [Music] [Applause] [Music] God. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Oh my god. [Music] He brought me out of my [Music] rock. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Applause] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] This is my [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] heart. Heat. Heat. [Music] The sun is crazy. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Sh my Heat. Heat. Oh, [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] today Heat. Heat. [Applause] Oh my [Music] [Applause] god. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Blessed be [Applause] [Music] [Music] my Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Blessed [Applause] [Music] around. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Blessed be my salvation. [Music] seated. [Music] Now we're going to invite the brothers to take the offerings. At the same time, invite brother Philip to pray for this. Lord, Lord Jesus, we bless these offerings that we gather now and give us thank you for giving us traveling mercies as we come here. Give us and feed us as we worship you, Lord Jesus name. Amen. [Music] The rock of my soul. There's a few specials. Sister Melissa, Elise and Elite, I think Eliza, they were special. [Music] to other [Music] and say [Music] she as you are [Music] Isaiah more [Music] He might she is out to the meto. [Applause] Oh, do [Music] pri Fore [Music] [Music] [Music] might she [Music] Bri [Music] He [Music] might be day. She is out. [Music] [Music] Amen. Amen. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Now [Music] say no. [Music] Say my V now [Music] say they There are [Music] [Music] there glor Glor. Glor. Gloria. [Music] No [Music] say no say [Music] [Music] See now say [Music] There she is. [Applause] [Music] Sky glor [Applause] glor glor g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g g Oh [Music] [Applause] yeah. Amen. [Music] Thank you for the cross, Lord. Thank you for the price you pay, bearing all my sin and shame. [Music] We love you king and amazing praise. Oh, thank you for his love. Oh, thank you for your hand. I see your pleasing. How I know your [Music] forgiveness [Music] worthy seated on the throne. Oh glory crown you [Music] now you're ving you sing high. Oh Jesus, son of God. Jesus, son of God. Oh, the treasure of heaven. Oh, worthy. Let's all sing this one. Oh, where is the Thank you for [Music] Christ. Thank you [Music] for caring all my sin and shame. We love you [Music] and thank you for his love. Thank you for [Music] your wash me in your cleansing blood. [Music] Oh, your [Music] [Music] for we crown You [Applause] [Music] now crown you [Music] victorious. Amen. I am Jesus son of [Music] God. The treasures of heaven. Worthy is the lamb. As Lord, worthy is the lamb. Our gracious father. [Music] Lord, you're so good to us. You're so worthy, Lord. And one day when we are caught off this place and judgment strikes and we realize all that you've done for us, Lord, the scripture says we'll just fall at your feet. [Music] You're so worthy, Lord. And we come so short of worshiping you the way you should be worshiped, living for you the way that we should. Lord, we just ask that you would extend your grace to us to make us profitable servants. Father, bless the people who have come this evening. We just trust that you'll be their portion tonight. We ask it in your precious and holy name. Amen. Amen. It certainly wonderful. Our our friends, they they they come to visit our brothers and sisters from Brazil. But I think some of them are from Italy and some of them are from Paris. They're France. France and at Italy. So I I thought I just sat back and I thought I'm so blessed. I get to meet believers from all over the world and and to hear the singing and and the praise. And I asked the girls, I said, "Can you sing in English?" They said, "Yes." I said, "Can you sing in French?" Yes. Can I sing? Can you sing in Italian? And there's one of them that could sing in Italian, but she wasn't going to. But anyway, that that just thrills my heart because there's nothing that pleases the Lord like unity. In fact, the scripture says that he would rather you love one another than love him. And when you find people from all over the world that love this message and and love this word and and love the Lord, you know, that's that's a God that's everywhere and that touches lives no matter where they are, you know, and there's people that is willing to serve God no matter how hard it is. So, I I was just thrilled. If you have your Bibles, I'd like to read a little scripture this evening. And uh uh it's it's one that we're uh quite familiar with. It's found in James. I I've I've mentioned it several times here lately. [Music] uh but uh uh James uh chapter 1 in the 22nd verse and uh we're going to play a a little portion of a message uh that's called thinking on our way. Thinking on our way. And uh this struck me because of the title itself of how important it is for us to think on our way. So that we that we're constantly evaluating ourselves and thinking about where we are thinking of what we're going through. I believe this will be a blessing to you. And and James says here, he says, "Be ye doers of the word and not hearers only, deceiving your own selves." And I I thought that was just so uh perfectly fit uh with some of the statements that we read this morning. Um he said, "For if a man be a hearer of the word and not a doer, he is like unto a man beholding his natural face in a glass. For he beholdeth himself, and goeth his way, and straight way forgetth what manner of man he was. For whosoever lookth into the perfect law of liberty, and contin therein, he being not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the work, this man shall be blessed in his deeds. Amen. That's a basic of the scriptures. So, God bless you. You may be seated this evening. This message was preached uh I believe in um uh 1959 uh and uh uh brother Brandham's preparing the people for a healing service and he preaches this message to the people and he and you you will hear him say these things, but he he wants the people and and it's a good heeding for us to take heed to themselves and uh that that is always a such an important part and and I know we talked about that this morning that you can't forget for where you came from and and and we mentioned and we read those quotations and and we spoke on it. But I I want you to hear where the messenger himself goes back and brings to us how important it is that we do that and when you can take these principles because the hour that we live in is is very dark. It's it's getting darker, you know, and as we know, the pope has passed away, and now the world leaders are looking for what what uh man will they pick and and uh and who are they going to to get to be quote unquote the new world spiritual leader? And I think it's such an insult to the living resurrected Jesus that they feel that they can take a carnal man, vote him into office, and then claim that he is here on earth taking the place of the risen savior. That shows you how far the world really has gotten away from what the reality of God is. And so I hope you enjoy it. I know that when we do choose to play a tape that uh for those of you that have to listen to interpreter or uh uh you know don't know the English may be as fluent as those that were raised in it. It's difficult but I believe the Lord will touch you in in a manner. And so if you if you have your Bibles, I I believe that uh Brother Brandham's going to read a scripture found out of the same psalm that we read this morning. Psalm 119 verse 59. We won't stand for that because we have stood for the reading of the word. But I want you just to listen. It's 40 minutes and then our service will come to an end. But just sit back and relax for 40 minutes and and try to grasp the whole picture of what he's talking about, what the importance is and what it's important to the believer, the things that the believer should hearts should be set on. And I just think that you can take this word and and uh set in your heart. I don't maybe you have never heard this tape before but again I think it's wonderful. It's called thinking on our ways and and and uh we you know the way that we do things. So as we go along our way we think on our ways the ways we are the ways we respond. And uh and I just hope that you will see the importance of it. And I know you'll enjoy the word of God because I believe you're hearing from the voice of God a a messenger and a prophet that the world never realized. And I I heard a man today give a testimony and he said uh and it was uh brother Bosworth talking and and K uh uh uh brother Gordon Lindsay and uh some of those uh men, Brother Baxter, and those men were all testifying how that brother Brandham never spoke anything and never was under discernment. and made one mistake. And they said it just it wasn't that way uh only when he was under that anointing. But they said even outside of it uh in his daily life that the things that he spoke were always true. And of course their conclusion was is that he was a genuine prophet but that he should have never handled doctrine. And I thought if I had my choice of listening to doctrine from a genuine prophet or just a preacher, I think I'd take the prophet. I I don't know about you, but I I just sat back and I smiled. They said, "Well, you know, Brother Brandham got off on his doctrine, you know, and uh I I thought, yeah, he so he did all these wonderful signs and wonders, never failed, never made a mistake, and you couldn't trust what he taught, and yet you want me to believe that your interpretation is right." I'll tell you, those men weren't thinking right along the way and they weren't thinking of the their own ways. And so, it's important to think about how you think. I trust you'll enjoy this 40 minutes. God richly bless you. Thank you for coming out tonight. Our friends visiting, thank you for singing for us. Uh, I hope that you like our town enough to come back again and be with us more often. Lord richly bless you. God bless you this evening as we listen to our messenger. Bless you each. Just for a short time, I've thought on some scripture as I come up this afternoon and it's found over in Psalms 119 Psalm and the the 59th verse I wish to read. thy thought on my ways. I turn my feet to thy testimonies. And tonight, if I should call it a subject, I'd like to speak on the subject thinking on our ways. You know, David, I'm told at the time of the writing of this psalm that he had been in trouble. And David was just a man like all of us that he had his ups and downs and his differences. And he'd been very much in trouble. God has not promised to go through life any believer to go through without troubles. But he has promised grace sufficient to take care of these troubles. That's what thrills my heart is to know that his grace is sufficient. all of our depths and and troubles and frustrations. Yet God has promised to see us through. That's just as much as we could asked of him, knowing that he knows the road. As Joshua said to Israel, "You have not traveled this way before. We haven't traveled it. So he knows the way and can point it out. I can just see David his house is being watched. Saul and his army was watching his house to kill him. I can see David as he nervously ringing his hands and walking back and forth to and fro through his room, looking out the windows and watching every little move in the bush. For he didn't know what time that a arrow might whistle through the air right to his own bosom. And it was then that these words come to him. As I thought on my ways, I turn my feet to thy testimonies. It's usually when a man is in trouble is when he goes to thinking about God. It's too bad that we have to wait to get in trouble before we think about him. But I've heard many peoples that several who has claimed that they was not believers that they did not believe there was of God. But I've noticed that same people let them get hurt or in trouble. As we're told, Bob Anger saw as he was dying in his hospital room, he screamed, "Oh, God, if that be a God, have mercy on me." You might say some great things while you're feeling good. But when death comes knocking at the door, you're going to change your opinion. In my length of days, I have seen many such men who didn't care for church and didn't care for God and and nothing that was right. But just let them get in trouble and the doctor says there's a cancer eating you to pieces. They'll go to hunting for somebody to pray for him right quick. God has a way of making you recognize him. A few months ago, I was talking to the honorable judge of our city who is a bosom friend of mine that comes quite regular to the tabernacle when I'm there. Judge Butoff of Jeffersonville, Indiana. And I was speaking to him about a mother's boy that was up there for stealing a car. And I talked to the boy at length and he put his arms around me and he said, "Brother Brandon, if you'll get the judge to pardon me one more time," he said, "I'll I'll promise you I'll I'll take my place in the Sunday school and I I'll be there every time the door opens." Well, I said, "Son, I asked the judge lots of favors and but you know, he's under oath and he's he's got to do justice, but I'll go talk to him." And I said, "Judge, your honor, sir, could it be possible that you could pardon this young man again? He told me he'd such and such things he' do." I'll never forget what the judge said. He's raised up from behind his desk and walked around over to where I was and tucked me by the hand. And I stood up, put his arms over my shoulder, and he said, "Billy." He said, "Every man that I sentenced to prison wants to become a preacher. He's in trouble." But said, "I've seen many of them be pardoned and serve their time. They forget all about it when they get free again. It's usually in the time of trouble that man seek for God. Israel, when Israel would get in trouble, then she would seek for God. when the Philistines were on them and when the the armies of the Syrians would be encamped about, then they would turn out and get the ark of the covenant and bring it out and sing songs and offer sacrifices. But then when God blessed them and their needs was all supplied, then right back like a hawk to its wala and a dog to its vomit. Just seems like that's the trend of human beings. I have to be pushed into something, pushed into worship the Lord. If we would sit down tonight and figure what is any greater thing than eternal life. Amen. Tell me what kind of a price that you could put on eternal life. If you were dying tonight with a hundred billion dollar in your pocket, it could not touch eternal life. You can't buy it. Money is filth in the sight of God if it isn't used to his kingdom or to some good cause. What do you think would happen tonight and Wall Street? There is places in the world that I've preached that's so primitive until they hunt on the seashores for little muscle shells, little curves in them and that's what they use for money. And then I preached in places to where they taken the teeth out of animals and would bring them and exchange them and they are currency. What do you think tonight that Wall Street would think if these men would come to their markets and place muscle shells and stinking teeth out of animals and want to exchange them for our gold bonds while they would say, "Get those stinking things and get out of here." That's what our money and our greatness is before God. We can't buy it. Amen. God so good till he gives it to us without money or without price and we turn it down. It doesn't even sound sane, does it? I was speaking to my wife a few days ago after I had celebrated my 50th birthday and I said to her, "Honey, I'm getting old." And this Bible I was placed back into the hands of my boy someday. And I was speaking to her about how when we were young and I said, "Yeah, we've been married all these years and it seems like it is just yesterday." And I said, "Life is pass, but honey, listen to this." I said, "If God would come to this room and would say, I'm going to give you a choice to live another 50 years, and you're going to go through poverty and sickness and troubles and be rejected and despised and have a terrible time. You're going to have to beg every meal that you eat in the next 50 years. But at the end of that 50 years, you'll have eternal life. But I'm going to give you the whole world and all the money and turn you back to 18 years old and make you king over all the world for a million years. But at the end of the million years, then that's all I'd say. Lord, let me beg or anything. Just give me eternal life. For there will be a time when there would be no more of me. But as long as there is a God in heaven if I got eternal life, I'll always live with him. When the ends of times pass, we live on because we are a part of God, sons and daughters of him. And it's a shame that we have to be pressed into places uh to make us accept it. What an enemy we have. Yes, an arch enemy. And it's good to turn to the Lord before these troubles strike. Now, most the time it is that is troubles that makes the people come to the Lord. But we should come before they strike. Now for instance like uh in the days of the of any Christian that we want to place before us. I was thinking of a story some time ago up into the north woods. There was a a colored boy. He was about uh 25 years old and just a kind of a floater we call him. And he was a gentleman, but not a a fugitive or renegade, but he was a he was a gentleman, but just a guy that likes to float around. No place to go and nothing to do. That's a horrible way to take life. I gave a man his dinner some time ago. Was a bum. And I said, "When did you start this?" Said about 20 years ago. I said, "Where are you going?" He said, "Nowhere." I said, "Then where did you come from?" He said, "Oh, nowhere." I said, "How long do you expect to keep this up?" Oh, he said, "I don't know." No, no ambitions. Why the Christian ought to be the most ambitious person in the world? Amen. Bring this glorious gospel of eternal life to a dying and perishing world. We should be up and at it. This young man drifted into the north woods to a country I used to hunt in many years ago. Deer hunt. And when the he wanted a job, he didn't have any money and and the woods boss Harding to help the old colored cook. And one night after the supper was over and the dishes was washed, they slept in a little back room with just a little canvas between them. And all of a sudden, the young fell said, "I was awakened and I heard two men standing by my window and there was the most mournful sound I ever heard." He said, "I threw back the blanket from off my face and jumped up quickly and said the room was just constantly in a light from the flashes of lightning." He said, "I heard those two men say, "Well, Jim, we better go back down to the camp because we may not be here in 10 more minutes. That twister's headed this way." that he jumped up and he looked out the window in time to see that great snake like of a circle of clouds carrying up the mountains, carrying the trees and twisting them into the air when he seen the bodies of full trees flying hundreds of feet into the air heading right towards the cabin. And he said he heard something knocking on the canvas. And the old cook in the other side of the canvas said, "Son, come over on this side. I've got a lantern lip." Said, he went over to the other side. And the old cook had a lantern lip and said, she said to him, "Do you know the Lord Jesus as your savior?" He said, "No, ma'am. I never prayed in my life." Well, said, "You'd better be praying for we may be swept off the earth in the next few minutes." He said that godly, saintly old woman knelt down there by that soap box and prayed just as calm as she could be and said I couldn't pray. He said every time I start to say dear God said about that time a tree would lamb against the cabin. He said to me, he said, "Reverend, I was too scared to pray." And he said, "I got this much out, sir. If you'll just spare me, I'll come to you sometime when there's no storm on." He said, "That's why I'm here tonight. There's no storm going on, but that promise in my heart, in the memories of that hour still lingers. It's right to come to God while you're saint and in your right mind. When everything is quiet, when you got time to think and come sainly and soberly, that's the time to come to God. Amen. For then he's the present help in a time of trouble. He said he'd never forget how that old saint just so reverently could pray as smoothly and calmly when that storm was going on. It means something to know God to be ready for it when it comes. Then he's a present help in time of trouble. I remember not too many years ago in the North Woods, my mother's an half Indian off the reservation down here and I thought I was too much of a woodsman to ever be lost and I just got married and this looked like taking advantage of my wife but on a honeymoon I took her on a hunting trip and I she was staying in a little lean to it. We come in that morning. I said, I believe there is some bear track I noticed coming up. I said, I'll go track that bear and we'll be back about noon. It's about 9:00 at morning. I got on the trail of that bear and I was led all over the countries. Finally, I lost him and I was coming up a little draw and I noticed a deer. I said, "That'll be a nice one to take home." So I shot the deer, started back, and I noticed the clouds had beun to get low. Fog coming in. If anyone knows what it means to be in the mountains, when fog comes, you just have to house in. You don't know where you're going. I knew I had to get back. She'd never been in the woods. And I started hurrying and I walked and walked up a little stream. And I said, I know now that this stream where it makes the bend, that's where I cross over, go down on the other side. And I knew how to come out. Well, I thought looked like I ought to be that bin and I stopped. Now I begin to persspire and I was standing right by the side of my deer again. I come right back around to it. I did that three times. Now the Indian calls that the death walk. He's walking a circle. But where do you go out? Well, I seen I was lost, but I didn't want to admit it. That's the way human beings are. They don't want to admit they're wrong. There's no doubt men and women in this building tonight are out in radio land that's not right with God, but you don't want to admit it. You're covering it up by going to church or saying some kind of a prayer or a creed that isn't getting right with God. being born again, becoming a son or a daughter of God. That's God's requirements. Be right with him. And then I walked farther and I said, "Oh, I'm too good a woodsman to be lost." I said, "Now, Bill Brandham, you just come to yourself. You're foolish. You know how to get out of here. Go on." And it's so foggy. I couldn't see nothing. And I started walking. And after a while, I kept hearing a word. I'm a very present help in the time of trouble. I walked a little further and it got so I could hear it speaking out. The Lord is a very present help in a time of trouble. Well, I thought I knelt down and I said, "Lord, I'm admitting that I am lost. I'm not worthy to live. But my wife and Billy, a little something baby, they're worthy of living, Lord. Don't let them perish. And I prayed and I got up and I said, "Well, now I'll have to choose the best that I know how." So I started walking straight ahead. Thought I'm going right exactly right. The winds in my face. And just then it seemed that a hand laid on my shoulder. And I turned to see who it was touched me. And I looked up in a little place cleared in the skies and I saw Hurricane Mountain in the Rers tower where I was going to. Oh, what a feeling. He's a very present help in the time of trouble. be right with me now that when death or sickness or whatever it is strikes you, then he's a present help. I never forget I pointed my hand straight towards the the way I was going. If I have went the way my choice was, I'd have went into Canada. But I was went this way to my right where he turned me around and I held up my hands. It started getting darker. I walked for about three hours almost dark and then it got dark. I couldn't have seen the tower line that run from the tower down to the lean tube about six miles and I knew I was on Hurricane Mountain. I couldn't change my course right up over the slabs. Oh, it's a rough road when you're trying to go right sometimes, but it's right. It's the only way out. I walked at it got dark. And I held up my hands until they felt like they were going to drop. Oh, they were cold in the snow of blowing. And I thought if I could only touch that line, so dark and I'd stop and I'll rest my hands a moment, keep my direction set right, then raise my hands and start again. You'll never know how I felt when my head touched that line. I know I could hold on to that line. I help put it up there that spring. I could hold on to that line and right at the end of the road of that line where it stopped waited my loved ones. That was a great thing. But I was lost worse than that. One day when a loving hand touched me by the heart and turned me towards Calvary, I held my hands up until something got a hold of me. Hallelujah. I've held on to it reverently, walking quietly and slowly. Someday at the end of this line will wait my loved ones and my Lord. He's a present help in time of trouble. He would Job in his troubles. Before his troubles struck him, he said, "Preventure my children might have sinned, so I'll offer a burnt offering for them." He made preparations whether if anything did happen. When he began to think of the ways of his children, they might have went perverse to his teaching. And let me say this with reverence and with respect. If these American mothers and fathers would put more time praying for their children like Job did, there'd be less juvenile delinquency. The trouble of it is our modern American mothers and fathers lead them to drinking and to card playing and to cigarette smoking and things of that sort, which makes juvenile delinquency. It really isn't juvenile delinquency. It's parent delinquency. Neglecting to come to God and find him. Then trouble strikes. When trouble struck Job, he had offered the burnt offering. come upon the only grounds that God will receive a believer. That's on the burnt sacrifice and the blood. So when trouble struck his house, God was a present help in a time of trouble. When they had accused him of being a secret sinner, he knew that he was righteous with God because he met God's requirements. Then he could say, "I know my redeemer liveth and at the last day he'll stand on the earth though the skinworms destroys this body yet my flesh I'll see God." He why? He knew that he had come God's provided way. He didn't come by the membership of his church. He come by God's sacrifice. That was what God required. Certainly, it was David when he was sitting on his throne and Nathan the prophet come in and been begin to reveal the secrets of his heart that David thought on his sinful ways. Yet, he was a good man, been a man after God's own heart, but he was living with Uriah's wife. And it was wrong. And when David, the king of Israel, thought on his ways, it drove him to sackcloth in prayer because he thought on his sinful ways, drove him to his knees to pray. It was Jacob who had deceived his brethren, lived luxuriously down with his father-in-law with camels and sheep and everything. One time there come a yearning to go back home. go back to church and go back to the right thing again. And he started with his wives and his children and his flocks. But when he heard that Esau was coming, he thought on his ways, on his ways of deceiving, he deceived Esau. And he knowed Esau was on his way to meeting him. And there's so many Christians tonight, professed Christians, that's only deceiving the thing that they're confessing to me. Death will come creeping around the door one of these days. You'll go to thinking on your ways and that Jacob thought on his ways. He stayed the other side of the brook and prayed all night long. If Christians would think on their ways and would drive them to prayer and to repentance, it would be different. The world would be different. The church would be different. The people would be different. It was Moses going down an old familiar path one morning as he began to think on his ways. God had called him to be a deliverer of Israel. What did he do? Went in his own way instead of taking God's way and murdered a man. and what he was thinking on his ways. And what a failure he had been in living in luxury had traded the ministry of the Lord for a sheep herder's job. No doubt somewhere down over the airwaves or in this building tonight. I'm preaching to a man, a man and woman who God called him to the ministry and took a easier road because it had more money in it. Amen. There wasn't you're hurting sheep when you ought to be preaching the gospel. Amen. So easy to take that way of luxury. But while Moses was tanking on his way, a burning bush appeared in the way. God sent burning bushes tonight. Every man or woman that would dare to think on their ways, take inventory of your life. How are you living? What if Jesus would come tonight? Think on the ways. It was Peter who was standing warming himself by the enemy's farm, cursing, denying Jesus when he heard that old rooster crow the third time. It made him think on his ways the way he had been treating Jesus. He'd been called to the ministry. He'd been called to serve God. And it took a rooster to make him think on his ways. Brother, sister, tonight it's about crowing time for a lot of us that would make us wake up and think on our ways. Amen. the way that we are treating the Lord Jesus in this new modern age of all selfstyled and polished religions. It's time to think on our ways and come back to the old pathway that Jesus Christ tried when he was here on earth a way of sacrifice. Think on our ways. It was Judas's carrot when the high priest began to count out 30 pieces of silver. And when he heard the tinkling of that silver, Judas thought on his ways how that he had sold out Jesus for 30 pieces of silver, took a rope, and hung himself. I wonder tonight if many people here listening tonight hasn't cheated their neighbor just a little bit, done a little crooked deal. I pray that if that be the case that you'll hear the tickling of that money till it'll send you to your knees of repentance. Many of you hold out God's part. Spend it for things I hear for whiskey, tobacco, cigarettes, gasoline to ride around on when it belongs in the house of the Lord. It's your solemn duty to give it. Think on your ways. Think about it. 30 pieces of silver. It was a Roman soldier after he had pierced his side and had seen water and blood, seen the sun go down in the middle of the day and the rocks went out from the mountains. After he saw this that he began to take on his wage and smote himself on the chest and cried. Truly that was the son of God. Waited a long time. But he was thinking on his ways. I wonder tonight in the radio land and in this visible audience if many of you aren't taking on your ways the things that you have done and the things that you've left undone. It's just as great to leave undone as it is to do something it's wrong. For he that knoweth to do good and doeth it not to him it's sin. Amen. If you're thinking on your ways, there's one thing that I'm sure I can introduce to you. As a poet said, there is a fountain filled with blood drawn from Emanuel's veins. Where sinners plunge beneath the flood lose all their guilty stain, that dying feet rejoice to see that fountain in his day. There may I, though vile as he wash all my sins away. The old Salvation Army song, they used to sing this. Oh, precious is that flow that makes me white as snow. No other fountain I know. Nothing but the blood of Jesus. I know no other cleansing. I know no other way, nothing else that I know to do, only to confess your sins, be right with God, clean up little bitty things. It's a little fox that spirals the grapes. Amen. The other day I had a confession to make myself. I was in my home and and some people had been bothering me day after day and a big office and they were just had me so weary. I I didn't know what to do. Finally, I was felt like the world was pulling the top of my head out. I was so nervous and I couldn't leave to go to meetings and meetings waiting. Hundreds of Christians waiting to be prayed for. Sick children crying. Mothers and fathers in hotels and motel with their sick and dying. And I had to stay in a office with an attorney on a case for somebody. And they were pushing me right and left and up and down. I didn't know what to do. I was answering everything. They take me right back over it again. And I went home to eat my dinner. They told me I could be off that afternoon. I was going to catch up on some of my sick calls. And there was the phone ranging. It was my private phone. I have an answering service. My wife went to the phone and she picked up the receiver and she answered and when she did, she helped her hand over the top of the phone. She said, "Billy, it's them attorneys again." Oh, I said I can't go through it another half a day. I said, I've told them that same thing over and over and over and over, day in and out, day in and out, and then they're going to call me again. I said, I can't do it. I'll I just So many people waiting to be prayed for. I said, tell them I'm not in here and run around behind the house. And when I come back in a few minutes, my precious little wife standing in the door, she looked at me and I know what she meant when her eyes caught mine. She said, "Billy, was that just exactly right? You know how you like to justify yourself?" I said, "Oh, sure. I wasn't in here." She said, "But you was when the phone rang." I said, "But I wasn't in here when you told him that." I said, "That was all right." She said, "Billy, are you sure of that?" Oh, I I I I said, "I think so." And I started out. I got my hat. I went out to make a sick call. I went into the room to pray for a little sick baby. Man, I've been waiting a long time with this baby. And I went in to pray for it. And when I started to lay my hands on it, something said to me, "Can you lay your lying hands on that child?" The Bible said in 1 John 3:21, "If our hearts condemn us not, then we have confidence in God." That's what's the matter today that the Christian church can't get anything done is because our hearts are condemning us with unconfessed sins. It's not easy for me to tell this, but it's the truth. That's the way to be truthful. And I started to pray again and I seen I wasn't fit to put my hands on that baby. I said, "Sir, I see that your appointment has helped. You just stay here." I rushed to the phone and called the attorney. I said, "Can I speak to you a minute?" He said, "Sure, but the other fellas are done gone." I said, "Just stay in your office a few minutes." I rushed down there and went into the room. I said, "Attorney, I want to tell you something. when you called a while ago. I was there. I said, "You you when you called, you had me so nervous. I hardly knew what I was doing. I was almost beside myself." I said, "I had my wife to answer like that." But it was a lie. And I lied to you and I caused my wife to lie. Said, "Well, you wasn't in there just then, Billy." She said you wasn't. I said I wasn't, but I run out of the house and run behind the house to keep from being in there. I said, "It's a lie." Anyhow, I said, "Will you forgive me for it?" Walked across the floor, looked me right straight in the eye, and I could see in his gray eyes little tears begin to form. He took me by the hand and hugged me. He said, "Brother Brandon, I've had great confidence in you, but I got more than ever now." Why? when we think on our ways. I went and prayed for the baby. Went back and the next day I went up to my cave where I go to pray way away. I stayed all day and it's getting long about evening time about 3 or 4:00. I come out of my cave and stood by the side of a big rock hid way back. People's tried to find that for about 15 years. They never find it. I went in the winter time. See them hunting for it. They get almost to it and see how they turn. something mysteriously turns and God gave me that cave. That's the place I go to pray. And there's the altar and everything. I never touched one thing. It was just that way when I found it long ago. I prayed all day long. And I said, "Lord God, I did wrong." And I caused my wife to do wrong. Don't hold it against you, Lord. Please forgive us. I want to stay clean before you, Lord. that when I'm called to pray for your sick children, there will be no condemnation in my heart. I want to be right and that condemns me. I couldn't pray for that little baby. Will you forgive me? I prayed and wept in there from about 7:00 one morning till about 3:00 or 4 that afternoon. There's a big rock blaze at the mouth of the cave and it faces east way back in the jungles and woods. And I come out and get on this rock and raise up my hands and and just praise the Lord. And I was standing there thanking all my ways. I thought, Lord, why did I ever do such a thing? Why could a man get so bothered? But I'm so glad that you love me, that you let me think of it, that you reveal it to me, that you told me I was wrong. That means that you want me to do right, that you love me. You ought to thank God when he condemns you for your sins and your things as you're thinking on your ways. And as I stood there praising him after I had a satisfaction that he had forgiven me, I had a scripture come to me and I said, "Lord, there was one time that you hid Moses in the cliff of the rock. And when you passed by," he said, "It looked like the back of a man." I said, "You've been so gracious to me around this place. Could it happen once more, Lord? Just to let me know that I took my gift and started to the altar and I went and was reconciled and then come back to offer my gift according to your word. If you forgive me, pass by me, Lord, and let me see you. I don't know how much you believe this in the radio land. You may call me a fanatic after this. That's between you and God. When I set that over to my left, a little space just about like that little pillar of fire you see in the picture. A little wind went to whirling in the bushes, come right down and rolled right up past me like that. Went on down through the woods. I raised up my voice. I wept and I cried. I hollered to God and said, "I love you with all my heart, Lord. I'm so glad that you are a prayer answering God. and forgive them that will turn to you with all their heart and repent. Call upon the name of the Lord. He that will cover his sin shall not prosper, but he that confesses his sin shall have mercy. Oh, while we think on our ways before healing service starts tomorrow night, let's think on our ways as we pray, as we bow our heads. quite a few lessons in there, wouldn't you say? You know, and it's it's simple for us uh, you know, to forget things and and just let things slip by. And I think that's the great lesson here. You know, I marvel, you know, that, you know, how that brother Random says things. You know, he said that that thought come upon his heart, I think, on my ways. Who would have ever known that was when he was in his house ringing his hands when Saul was after him, you know, but you see the setting and and so that struck me. I don't know about you, but how that he would talk about how that one day Jesus came down uh to see his friend Lazarus and take his friend Lazarus down to go see John and so many things that it just seems like he's there and and so as as we heard the testimony, we know that he talked about getting in trouble, but he also said You know, it's it's a good time to seek God before you get in trouble. Well, everything's kind and good. And so, let's take the lesson. James said, "Don't be a just a hearer of the word, but be a doer of the word." So, we hear that it's good to seek God and seek his face when things are going good. But he said man's nature is when things are going good to forget about God. And so we take that to a lesson because our our whole our whole desire here is we want to change so we can be a part of the change. And and so we we if we don't forget these little things and and these little uh like he said the little foxes is what spoils the vine. and and you get to a place where we let so many things uh uh just go by. And he said it seems like that's the trend of the human being to have to be pushed into something, pushed into worshiping the Lord. I I I want to get past that, you know, like I'm all afraid of sin and now I'm going to go get my life right and then I fail and I go get my life right. I I I just want to have a Christianity that's day after day after day, you know, not up and down and up and down and in and out and and so he's he's telling us in here that that's what keeps us from prospering is that in and out life. And I'm not talking about worldly prosperity. I'm talking about spiritual prosperity. Spiritual prosper prosperity is when when you know that there's grace sufficient to get you out of every situation and nothing can pluck you out of the palm of his hand and that he'll get you through any heartache or any trouble that you're in. A and you can rest in him. And uh and then in in and this is another thing that we heard that I don't think we should let it pass by. Um and and you know he was talking about the Philistines. He's talking about that he he made this statement. He said, "Tell me what kind of price that you could put on eternal life. If you were lying dying tonight with a hundred billion dollars in your pocket, it could not touch eternal life. You can't buy it. Money is filthy in the sight of God if it isn't used to his kingdom or some good cause. That's a good thing to remember about money. Money is filthy in the sight of God if it's not used for some good cause. These are those little things that Brother Brandham mentions that we've got to think about. We've got to think about these things on our way. put them in our hearts and meditate on them day and night and and and then we we'll start to find as James said he says then you'll be successful then things will work in your life when you do those things I I thought that was quite the the comment he he said what would you give in uh you know for eternal life and And uh he also made this statement here. It's a good to turn to the Lord before these troubles strike. And and just just walking through just a few things like that. He said he remember he talked about the bum. Where are you going? I don't know. Where you been? I don't know. And I thought we mentioned that this morning. If you don't remember where you've been, there's no way to know where you're going. And and what do you become? A drifter. And and and and then here, Brother Rams kind of and he brings it right back up. If you don't know where you come from, I don't know. You got to know where you come from. You got to know where you're going. If and I just thought it was amazing. And then he made this statement. He said, he said, he said, he said, I don't know, no ambition. Why the Christian ought to be the most ambitious person in the world, bringing this glorious gospel of eternal life to a dying and perishing world. We should be up and at it. I I just, you know, that thrills me, you know, because we talked this morning about misplaced uh uh anointing or mis or mis uh place supernatural. And and it's not for us to get spiritually fat. It's that our ambition might be to bring what we have to this dying world. And if you do that, you'll find out how that you'll prosper and and just be in in good health. And and and so, you know, I I just made a a couple little remarks as I went down. I'm just sharing with you the remarks that that that stood out to me. And uh and then as as he talked about going down his his road, he says he says David was sitting on his throne and Nathan the prophet came in and revealed the seeker of his heart. And David thought on his sinful ways. Yet he was a good man being a man after God's own heart. But he was living with Uriah's right wife and it was wrong. And when David, the king of Israel, thought on his ways, it drove him to sackcloth in prayer because he thought on his sinful ways and it drove him to his knees. Now, there's a difference in admitting you're wrong and that you've done something wrong. But he's that's not what he's saying. He says it ought to drive you to your knees. Lord, get this out of my life. Make me do better. Help me. You know, it ought to drive us to repentance. It and he's remember he said it's human nature to justify everything and and we got to be careful of that. And then we also got to realize how important it is to think on your ways. Brother Ram used the word to examine ourselves to go back over our lives because we're we're wanting to go forward. We're wanting to What kind of church do we want to be? What kind of believer do you want to be? Well, we're supposed to be ambassadors, you know. We're supposed to be shining our light. We're supposed to be testifying. And in order to be successful at that, we have to come back on our side of it and examine our ways. And he talks about Jacob, you know, he said David uh prayed, Jacob prayed. uh uh there there's so many Christian professing Christians tonight that only deceiving the things thing that's only deceiving the things that they're confessed to be death will come creeping around the door one of these days and you're going to think of your ways then so what's he saying he says Christians don't face their ways. We shrug this little thing off. We shrug that little thing off. And then he goes on to say, "It's the little foxes that spoil the vine." So yes, 99% of the time we're good, but we can't forget to deal with that 1%. I I'm trusting you're all 99%. You know, I'm a I I think I'm way below that, but it makes me feel good to sit in the company of the saints and then know that you can pray for me. But no, don't blow it off. You're eternally secure in him. Your name's written on the Lamb's book of life. He's preaching the word of God for you to deal with it. Let it drive you to the knees. It makes you what you are. It gives you the character that you need to to to just to to look at yourself, examine yourself, and and do better. And and that struck me. He talked about Moses. He said, "Brothers and sisters, it's a it he talked about Peter, you know, and he said and then he said, "Brothers and sisters, it's about croc crowing time for a lot of us." that would make us wake up and think on our ways, the ways that we are treating the Lord Jesus. That struck me. I don't think that I I'm living that I'm treating Jesus anyway. You know what I mean? I I don't I don't think like that. Oh, I'm treating Jesus this way. I think there's Jesus. He's okay. He's up in heaven. He's on his throne. And I'm around down here running. And the prophet puts it in a completely different perspective. He says, "We ought to examine the ways we're treating him." Well, when you ignore him and you don't thank him and you don't recognize him and you don't give him credit that he's a present help in the time of trouble and he becomes second shelf. He becomes lower tier. He he becomes the the doesn't have the preeminence or the priority. He moves low on your priority list. Then then that's the way you're treating him. But we don't look at ourselves and ask that question. How am I treating Jesus? I thought this was a tremendous reminder. It may be a simple message. It may not be about the seals and about the horse riders and and and about predestination and about the seed. But these are all the fundamental foundation principles by which our messenger lived by that placed him into the place in his life where he could have that book revealed through him. And that's what he said. I went back and I started I Lord I'm rededicating my calling. So even those little things affected well if it affected him and I thought that's all that he's got on his list. I mean I thought I just didn't want to think after that point. You know what I mean? But I alls I can do is get down and say, "Lord, I want to think on my ways, man. I want to deal with He says he says he says the way that we are treating Jesus in this new modern age of all self-styled and polished re religion. It's time to think on our ways and come back to the old pathway that Jesus trod when he was here on earth. The way of sacrifice. Think on our ways. The old trodden path that Jesus walked. The way of sacrifice. Sacrifice is hardly in the book. anymore. And you know, he he addressed in here uh about what belonged to God. And you know, I I I didn't mark that to uh uh but he he he goes, you know, talking about 30 pieces of silver and and uh and about people. He says, "There's many people listening tonight who hasn't who hasn't cheated their neighbor just a little bit, done a little crooked deal. I pray that if that be the case, that you'll hear the tinkling of that money till it sends you to your knees and repentance." Many of you hold out God's part and spend it for things out here or whiskey, tobacco, cigarettes, gasoline, and ride around on he'll find you. You know, I went I don't drink whiskey. I don't smoke cigarettes. And then he says gasoline to ride around on. I think, oh, he'll find you where you're living. But remember he said you ought to thank God that he convict you of your sins. And and uh so he says and he says many hold out God's part. He says and gasoline to ride around on. When it belongs in the house of the Lord it's your solemn duty to give it. Think on your ways. Think about it. 30 pieces of silver. And you say, "Brother McCary, why are you doing this?" Cuz I don't want us to get this message to be where when we listen to it, we're not hearing all the things that are in there. They're They'll impact your life. They'll do things for you like you can't believe. You can rise up above the enemy where he just becomes a big alleyoop to you. That's a bluff. Maybe maybe the alleyoop uh maybe many of you don't know what that is. And then he just goes down. He says and then remember and I want to close with this. He says, "I wonder tonight in radio land and in this visible audience if many of you aren't thinking on your ways, the things that you have done and the things that you've left undone. It's just as great to leave undone as it is to do that something that's wrong. For he that knoweth the good do good and doesn't do it to him, it is sins. And so and then he makes this statement. I know no other cleansing. I know no other way. nothing else that I know to do. Only confess our sins and be right with God. Clean up little bitty things. It's the little foxes that spoils the grapes and and so and I'm just going to say this. I've noticed in the message, and I I hate to say this, but I I can't be honest with you. I've noticed in the message all across the land that there's becoming such a trend to take those little things that he said and not give them any weight anymore. the little things about church, the little things about how we act, the little things about how we dress, all those little things. We've got it to be such a big picture that we've widened the dope gate. You know what I mean? And now there's almost no requirement. And let me tell you the number of people that you have coming to church is no measure of your spirituality. I mean really if you were trying to measure the spirituality of the church this Wednesday nights and Sunday nights really let you know where people are and and so it's just kind of a reminder to us and how important it is to take a look at your life not at what you believe. This has nothing to do with what you believe. It has everything to do with what you're doing. Amen. Or not doing. And I'm afraid there's probably a lot more not doing than there is doing. So, this isn't about uh trying to ball you out or or or I'm talking to myself. It's not about trying to find something that that you know, this isn't pin the sin on the on the sinner. You know that that's how a lot of we used to be a game called pin the tail on the donkey. Remember that one? And so this isn't the preacher trying to pin a sin on you, but it's it's the concept and the understanding that this is something that the prophet of God taught. It was stored up for us, right? And now it's coming out of the storehouse to remind us of of the things that we we we do and and to mind the little things and and and that's the important thing. And like I said, I've I noticed in my own life, particularly in my life and in the generally as a whole, how all those little things that we used to stand on that were so important to us in the beginning have just they just start to slip. And we know the statement. It says, "How did we know how the sheep got out, but how did the goats get in?" So, I I I I I just hope it's an encouragement to you. And and you don't need to do these things for my sake, but I want you to see that this is what your messenger taught. And that ought to be enough. And and if you're faithful in little, he'll make you faithful in much. and and we don't realize and when I read this and brother Bram just told that one little thing but it had such an effect on what he was called to do and others he couldn't with that one little thing which to me I wouldn't have thought a thing about it wouldn't even entered my mind but he was so dedicated that he went to pray for that baby and the effect of that little thing was keeping him from performing. And I thought, Lord, I wonder how many people I've prayed for that because my conscience wasn't right or I had let things undone that it wasn't successful or how much influence have I failed to have because I didn't have the little things that are right. And so, uh, I'm just talking to you tonight and, you know, many of you say, "Pastor, I just think my myself is a brother who's in the same battle that you're in." So, let's take heed of that, right? Let's consider these things. Let's be mindful of these things. And I think uh, it'll make us better Christians. And then I think if we get the little things right, I think we'll have a greater effect on the world around us. And that's really where we want to see the power of God displayed. We want to see the power of God displayed for those who have never tasted it. That's our objective. Not just for us to keep getting fat. Anyway, um, so I I think you know that quote this morning was from Convinced and Concerned. I think it's 5 uh 21 1959 if you'd like to go back and listen to that message. So, so God bless you tonight. Let's stand together and and uh we'll we'll be dismissed. the musicians can come and and uh uh uh don't don't you think it's good to be able to uh sit back and ask the Lord to search you? I know that every now and then I think I'll do that and I'll sit down and then I'll get to thinking I don't really think I want him to search me. you know, because I don't want to change. I don't want to be different. You know, I kind of like the way things are going, but he's calling to our hearts. Search out. Start searching and watch what God will do for you. Let's bow our heads. Amen. Maybe you could, if you choose to, and you want to lift your hand and say, 'Lord, I I want to have you search my heart. I want you to look on the little things and the things that I'm being undone, Father. I want to really think about how that I'm treating you, Lord. And I know that the way I treat my brother and my sister, father, reflects on how that I'm treating you, Lord. I want to become more conscious of my actions and the words that come out of my mouth and and what's important to me and my priorities, Father. There's many things I can't do that I can't do without you, Father. But this is something that I can do. I can think on my ways and I can use the filter of your word as our messenger preached in thinking men's filter. I can use the filter of your word to filter my life through. And Lord, I know beyond a shadow of a doubt if we would start doing it, things would change, Lord. And I know we've got a lot of new believers, many new members of the church. Father, Sunday mornings, we have people show from all walks of life. And father, I ask that your word would reach out and touch so each one would become mindful of the respect that we need for you and for one another. that we wouldn't leave any behind, Father. That each of us, one by one, individually in our heart, would work out our own salvation with fear and trembling. We'd be mindful. [Music] James spoke after he said talking about being a a diligent hearer and doer of the word of God. He said, "No man serves God without bridling his [Music] tongue." Lord, there's so much that we could improve on. And I've lifted my hand to you, Lord, and just ask me to help one little fox at a time, Lord. One little thing at a time, Father. And just try to improve my whole Christian life. I ask that you would get that grace and that mercy to each one here that they'll understand that that the importance of what we heard tonight and the reality of it. We ask that you would bless it to us in Jesus precious name we pray. Amen. Let's sing this little song in our heart just for a moment as we read these things. Search me Lord. I believe it's called Amen. [Music] Search me, oh [Music] God, and know my heart today. [Music] Oh savior know my thoughts I pray. [Music] See there be some wicked way in [Music] me of every sin and Set me [Music] free for me from sin. Yes, Lord. Will [Music] I make me pure within? Oh yes. Fill me with fire where once I [Music] burn my desire to make me [Music] Yes. Our father tonight, Lord, this is our prayer that you search us. Father, we want to thank you for the wonderful singing that we've heard today. And Father, as our guests travel back to France and Italy, Father, we ask that you keep them safe. Father, that they would remember their brothers and sisters here in Dallas Fort Worth and we'll keep them in our hearts, Lord. And we'll trust that we'll be able to meet again, if not in this life, in the life after, Father. Father, bless our body of believers, Father, and grant to us a more dedicated, more spiritual life of listening to the instructions and reading our Bibles and praying and sacrifice. Father, we want to be the kind of Christians that you want us to be. Father, let us hold to that oldtime religion. We ask that you would grant it for us. In Jesus precious and wonderful name we pray. Amen. Amen. We'd like you to keep Matthew in prayer. He's traveling back. He was in uh uh uh uh Connecticut, I believe, preaching this weekend, and he just got done preaching camp. And then he's on his way to preach in uh um Arizona out there for the people out there. So keep him in prayer and he tries to represent the gospel and and uh I I'm not I don't think I can go that strong of a schedule, but he's young and strong and loves the Lord. So may he feel your prayers and and uh keep us in mind as we're preparing for some services in July and some other things that might be coming up. So Lord Richley bless you. Go in peace and and let's just sing that song. I love God is good. Is God good all the time? Ain't he good? Present help in the time of trouble. Amen. Amen. [Music] Oh, if you're walking through the valley and shadows all around. Do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you still inside cuz he promised to never leave you and his word is true. God is good all the time. He was a song of praise in this part of life. God is good all the time. Oh, through the darkness. His light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Oh, we worship so unworthy. Fill for us. Thank you, Lord. Fill us with his holy spirit. Now we can [Applause] [Music] stand everlasting and his mercy will never [Music] all in this part of [Applause] as he is all the time. Go through the dark side. His light will shine. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music]
