################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - [2025-06-22am] Sunday Morning Service | Br. George Smith - Br. George Smith - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-22
Title:   [2025-06-22am] Sunday Morning Service | Br. George Smith
Speaker: Br. George Smith
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rMnsRtaScvw
========================================

[Music] has sh. Oh, and there the hand of Jesus touched me. And now I am no longer the same. Oh, he touched me. Oh, he touched me. And all the joy that my soul. Oh, something happened. And now I know he touched me and made me whole. Oh, and since I met his blessed Savior, as he cleansed and made me whole with an eye shing [Music] Hallelujah. We outshine it while eternity. [Music] Oh, he touched me. Oh, he touched me. [Music] Let all the joy that finds my soul. Oh, when something happened and I I know he touched me and just sing that last verse again. Oh, I s I met his blessed savior. [Music] Blessings he cleans and made. Behold [Music] and I shall in the seas. Hallelujah. We'll praise him forever. Oh, and I'll shout it while eternity. [Music] Oh, let it touch me. Oh, he touched me. Oh, [Music] the joy that has my soul. Oh, something happened. And now I know he touched me and made me whole. Hallelujah. Is that your testimony this morning? How many have been touched by the Lord? Hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. Amen. Brother man, if you could just come and open our service in prayer. Amen. [Music] Psalm 91 verse 1 and two. He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most high shall abide under the shadow of almighty. I will say of the Lord, he is my refuge and my fortress. My God, in him I will trust. Let's pray. Dear father God, we love you Lord. We we worship you. We adore you. And Lord, we are here because you have allowed us. You have given that another day in our life that we can come here. Be at your house. Lord, there's so much turmoil going on everywhere. We hear the news is uh there's a war, there's rumors of war, and there is so much uncertaintity. Lord, the only place we can find the true peace is in you, Lord, under your wing. That is the only place the prophet has said, we have a token and that's the Holy Spirit, Lord. And we thank you for that. The act that you have done for us upon the Calvary, that blood that has been shed and that blood under which we are covered, Lord, that's where we find our refuge, Lord. And that's where we are claiming this morning, Lord. I pray that we are here every single one of us Lord. I pray that you would be with us. Help us continue to grow in a in in you Lord. Uh from the singing to the music to the tithing, the offering to listening of your word, the brother who comes and preach Lord everything that what we do here Lord may it be acceptable at your sight. You bless us. Continue to fill us with your holy spirit. Uh cover us under your holy blood. And not only just today Sunday Lord as we go out let people be able to see there is something different in us Lord let the people ask what is the reason of our joy and let us give that opportunity we can proclaim your good news to the world Lord I commit the entire service at your feet in the name of Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. I want to welcome everyone in the house of God. All our visitors. Amen. And if you could just turn around and welcome someone this morning in the house of God. Amen. Amen. Man, let's turn our Bibles to our Psalm reading Psalm 47. May I'll read the first, you'll read the second, and we'll join together. And the last and it reads, "Oh, clap your hands all ye people. Shout unto God with a voice and a trump. He shall subdue the people under us and all the nation under our feet. God has gone up with a shout. the Lord with the sound of the trumpet. Sing for God is the king of all the earth. Ye sing praise with understanding. The princes of the people are gathered together, even the people of God of Abraham. For the shield of the earth belong unto God. He is greatly exalted. Amen. We'll sing praises unto his name this morning. You may have your seats. Amen. Let's sing. Hold to God's unchanging hand. Amen. Old time is spread. [Music] Oh, you got a changing day. You got you got changing. Oh, you got to hold changing. [Music] Oh, something [Music] to God changing. [Music] Oh, I trust in him and [Music] [Music] I pray sing [Music] to him. Oh, you got to hold. God changing hand. to God. the God of Jesus. Oh, [Music] I hope you come changing. God. [Music] Oh, and I so I [Music] want to see the king of heavenly treasure. [Music] Oh, they won't ever pass away. Oh, you got to hold [Music] the unchanging hand. You got to hold changing. [Music] Oh [Music] sh [Music] changing. Oh and [Music] hallelujah. mighty to God you have been through. [Music] [Music] Oh, you got to go to God. [Music] something [Music] to God. I'm changing. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day. As I walk the bank way, hold the hand of God. Oh, Jesus for my place. That's the secretity for that. [Music] Oh, abide of hallelujah. high and I'm rejoiceing and [Music] oh once my heart was full of sin once I had the swifting till I heard of Jesus I found the tree oh I fell down at his feet where I came and be so sweet. Oh, he mighty mighty. Oh, hallelujah. He might. Oh, and I'm rejoicing and all for the comforter. [Music] Oh, and he is with me everywhere. And he knows my every happy and set free. Oh, and the spirit has control. My Jesus satisfy my soul. Oh the comforter. Oh he mighty. Oh [Music] I rejoice in. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, and they so thirsty for the things of the world and take it with me. And long ago, I gave him my set. Oh, and all my turf. [Music] Oh mighty. [Music] Oh, [Music] I'm gracious in my name. [Music] Oh, for the comforter with me when sing. Oh my. Oh. Oh my. Hallelujah. Oh, I want to be a number. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, and what [Music] the saint [Music] might [Music] be. Oh. [Music] Oh. And all I know I see in my heart. That's a promise this morning. Hallelujah. When heaven's door will open for me. Oh s. Oh, what a wonder. Oh, mar. [Music] Oh, and when we hallelujah this Where will be? [Music] Oh my god. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. I want to say I want to say what I say. Oh [Applause] boy. Oh, sing that verse again. [Music] I was with [Music] my [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. Amen. Aren't you glad you have a promise this morning? Hallelujah. that when those gates will open. Amen. We'll be shouting glory, glory to his name. Amen. Sister Ella David Mark has a special after that. But brother Mark David will bring his amen. God bless you church. Today we will be singing Leave it there. If the world from you withhold of its silver and its gold and you have to get along with me, just remember in his word how he feeds a little boy. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burden to the Lord, then leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. If your body suffers pain and your health you can't regain and your soul is almost sinking in despair. Jesus knows the pain you feel. He can save and he can heal. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your B into the L and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. When your enies are sail and your heart begins to fail, don't forget the God in heaven answers prayer. He will make a way for you and will lead you safely through. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. [Music] If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your word into the Lord and leave it there. When your youthful days are gone and old age is stilling on and your body bends beneath the weight of care. He will never leave you there. He'll go with you to the end. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your word into the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burden to the Lord and leave it there. [Applause] God bless you. Look like it's my family's turn to sing to God today. Um, pardon me. I'll say something before I go on. Um, couple weeks ago, I was with brother Amos. He's also a church member. He had uh his father passed. So, the family went to uh just be with him. And um he had a couple friends with him um that were not um believe in the message and they were in his place. And thank God we started talking about the word and so the message came up and I started talking to them about the message and uh they they were receiving it and they were astonished by what I was saying but then it got to the point where I talked about uh God's election particularly about you know serpent seed and you know there's just just some dedicated people that just God has just chosen. Oh my god, they went off. They were they they just cannot understand it. And you know, we kept on go back and forth, you know, until my family members are like, they can understand. Maybe you should pull back and not talk so much about it. But I still wanted to share it to them regardless. And so I told them about it. They were confused. They told me that can never be so. No, there's What do you mean? There are some people that are just made for for doom. There some people are just, you know, it's already allotted to them. Um, I kept on talking about predestination, but that's the way they understand it. And so when I left, I've just been pondering why didn't they I understand why they didn't understand it. But I think the deeper uh way that I started thinking about it, okay, why did I understand it? I mean, it it looked simple. Um so but why did high understand it? Um and so I started thinking it it it really disturbs me disturbed me a lot. And then I remember uh growing up during family altar my mama would always talk about uh this this verse in the Bible and and I would read it and um this is Exodus I'll go to 19. uh when God was talking to Moses and Exodus 33:19 and he said, "I will make all my goodness pass before thee and I will proa proclaim the name of the Lord before thee and will be gracious to whom I will be gracious and will show mercy on whom I will show mercy." uh when I just kept I kept remembering that all every time like I would be merciful to those that I would be merciful on and the only thing that I could think of is he he just had mercy on me even if I I didn't know how it came about I just understand it. I just knew just listening being under the ministry of this church of our pastor I just I I came to the realization that I'm not made for damnation. I'm made to be in heaven. I'm made as a child of God. I might have fault and I'm walking every single day, but I'm his choosing seed. And so the other piece of that pu uh that I'll be singing today is uh I want God's way. And I'm just going to sing it somehow. I want God's way to be my way as I journey below. For there is no other highway that the child of God should go. Though the road be steep and rough, if he leads me, it's enough. I want God's way to be my way every day. And I want God's way to be my way as I journey below. For there is no other highway that the child of God should go. Though the road be steep and rough, if he leads me, it's enough. I want God's way to be my way every day. And I want God's way to be my way as I journal. For there is no other highway that the child of God should go. Though the road be steep and rough, if he leads me, it's enough. I want God's way to be my way every day. And though the road be steep and rough, if he leads me, it's enough. I want God's way to be my way every day. Though the road be steep and rough, oh if he leads me it's enough. I want God's way to be my way every day. And though the road be steep and rough, oh, if God leads me, it's enough. And I want God's way to be my way every day. Amen. Amen. I enjoy those. Amen. Take your burden to the Lord. And we want his way to be our way, not our own way, but we want to choose what he has in store for us. Man, we have a couple announcements to make. And uh just a reminder from the deacons. Uh please make sure not to use the hallway when service is started especially uh during preaching because when you open these emergency doors they make a loud noise and just try to use the front entrance if you need to go in and out during service. Amen. Amen. We have uh brother Darien writes a praise report. They said thank you all for your prayers. Uh Rachel Gibson uh was revived and uh she's recovering. Uh she's recovering and her speech is also slowly recovering. Amen. Praise the Lord this morning. Amen. Uh brother Leonte writes uh please uh pray for healing in the body of brother Gabriel is in the hospital with kidney failure. So you want to remember our brother this morning. Amen. We know that it does so much for the body of Christ. We pray that the Lord will touch him. Amen. Uh, Sister Clarice writes, "I want to thank the Lord for another year. It's given me another year. God bless you." Happy birthday, Sister Clarice. God bless you. Amen. Amen. Amen. I know also this weekend it was Sister Angela Villa's birthday. So, God bless you. Amen. Praise the Lord for that. Amen. There's another one. Please pray for the healing in the body of brother Fernando. Uh he's in the hospital with liver concern. Amen. We know we serve a living God, the healer of all our diseases. We could certainly take that to him this morning and be comforted that he will answer to the needs of our prayer. Uh Sister Rachel Bernette, right? Please pray that we may find uh uh keys or lost them while shopping Friday. Amen. We do just pray that the Lord will uh make a way that they may find the keys. Amen. I was talking to brother a Gary earlier on. So they have the car keys, the house keys, and all kinds of keys on that. We pray that the Lord will help with that. Amen. If you have a need upon your heart this morning. Amen. I trust you can know this morning that you are in the house of the living God. Amen. He's here to make his word a reality to the believers. Amen. Amen. The brothers that are taking the offering, see if it could come. Amen. and brother Tim Sal if you could just come and take this knees before the church. [Music] Many things we have need of. Just want to voice my appreciation for uh the service we had on Wednesday. If you haven't heard it or seen it, you might want to go back and listen to it. Brother David did a a fine job. And brother Brown taught us the way up is down. You know, there's a humility comes with the presence of God. [Music] And Isaiah askked a couple questions very pertinent. Says to whom then will ye liken God. Or what likeness will ye compare unto him? The very creator of heaven and earth is who we're about to talk to. And we bring these knees before him. Even lost keys, loved ones on their deathbed, some in the hospital, stroke victims that have recovered or recovering. He knows all these things. Let's pour out our heart to him, but do it in a way that we recognize who he is. and how little we are. But we're instructed to come boldly to the throne of grace. As our brother said, it's not our choosing, but it's who we are. Let's just bow our heads. Oh Lord, we thank you that we're even able to call you father. Lord, you've instructed us. You've led us. You've taught us. Lord, you've provided for us. Lord, we want to hold to that way, that highway that he sang about, Lord. There is no other way. You are the door to the sheepfold. We're thankful, Lord, that we recognize it and it's been provided for us. We ask Lord that all these things have been mentioned. Lord, the the hidden secrets of the heart that have been expressed to you by the upraised hands. Lord, there's many things we have need of in this life. But more than anything, Lord, we need to draw closer to you to be found in your word, Lord. The benefits Lord of a true and living God expressed in our lives can overcome anything this world can put against us. Lord our prophet said the right mental attitude toward any divine promise of God will bring it to pass. So Lord, it's your word that we seek, that we recognize, and we know Lord, when it comes forth, the spirit within us, Lord, it recognizes and says amen to it. That quickening power is available to us, Lord. For you've given it to us. We claim it. We believe it. Increase our faith, Lord, that we might have what we ask for. Amen. Lord, that when we leave this place that each one of us can know firmly within ourselves, Lord, that you've been our midst and you've drawn us closer to you for having been in this little simple service. Grant it to us now as we lean on you once again, Lord. Ask that you just bless the tithes and offerings, Lord. Use it for your honor and glory. And Lord, may each one that's in the divine presence, Lord, whether they have been there or not, Lord, may they recognize Yes. how truly, Lord, how great you are. Yes. [Music] And how you you want to bless us more than we want your blessing, Lord, that there won't be a one lost. Grant it to us now, Lord, as we ask all these things in the lovely name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Oh, and the blood that Jesus shed for me. [Music] Oh, way back on Calary. [Music] Oh, and the blood that gives me strength from day to day. Oh, it will never. Oh, when he reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, and it fl to the Lord. [Music] Oh, and the blood. Hallelujah. Oh, from there to heaven. Oh, he will never lose his mind. [Music] Oh, at it my darling my height mighty. Oh, and the cloud that gives me strength. Oh, from day to day. Oh, we will never lose his power. Oh, he reaches to the highest mountain. Oh flow to the lowest valley. Oh and the blood. Halleluah. Oh from day to day. Oh we will never sing our course again. Oh, for he reaches through the highest mountain. Oh, and it flow through the Lord. [Music] The blood that gives me strength from pain to the he will never lose his hallelu [Music] that is flowing. Oh, and from world. [Music] Oh, called calary. [Music] Oh, and hallelujah. King is Oh, and there is joy and victory. Oh, all is [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, [Music] He will rock. He will wash you right [Music] from just think about it this morning. Oh, and angels came fly. Oh, by this mountain [Applause] for me. Oh sh. [Applause] [Music] Oh, anywhere you are. Hallelujah. Hallelu. Let's all stand at this time. Amen. As we invite brother David out, let's sing. I have a father. He knows my name. Amen. I have a mold [Music] my heart and before even time began. Oh, and my life was in his hand. [Music] He knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees each tear that falls. Oh, and hear me when I call. Oh, and I have a father. Aren't you glad you have a father this morning? Oh, he calls me so. Oh, and will never. Oh, and no matter where I go, he knows my name. He knows my every thought. He sees a cheer that far and he hears me. Our gracious father, we call once again on you this morning because we're a needy people. But Father, not only are we a needy people, we're a thankful people because you promise to provide our every need. You promise to hear our prayer. Father, you know what we have need of even before that we ask. And Father, you're a great provider. You've made the provisions and you've provided for us all that we have need of. Father, may we just surrender ourselves to your will. May we incline our ear to hear your voice. May we prepare our hearts, Father, to do all that we need to do to be obedient to thy will. We ask you to bless us this morning, the people this morning. Father, may they know that you love them. May they know that you laid your life down for them that they could be free from any bondage, all sin, and every hindrance that would keep them from going further in you. Be with us this morning. Father, we invite you with humble hearts. We're unworthy for your presence, but we ask that your mercy and goodness would grant it to us, Father, because we're so needy of you. bless the people we pray in the wonderful name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. And amen. God bless you this morning. I had a wonderful vacation. In fact, I'm now recovering from vacation. So, somebody told me it's a good vacation when you have to recover from it. So, we had a wonderful time. We caught lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots and lots of fish and that's what we went there to do. And you know, so we just had a great time. I want to thank all the musicians, the brothers that preached and all for you for carrying on and and I did make it back before September, but I didn't say I would preach again before September. So we no I will but we have blessed to have brother George with us this morning and and uh I'm so grateful that he's here to share with us the word of God. He's our friend. He's a friend of our church. We love him and we know him. And so there's one rule with brother George. Don't fall asleep cuz he'll he'll come down and whack you on the head with the Bible. So, you're all alert this morning, all ready for the word of God. Amen. I will I'll just turn the service over to brother George. Let him take it from here. We have a saying that we always say, without fear, without favor. Amen. God bless you. Thank you, brother David. It's good to be here this morning. Good to see all of you. Some I don't know, but God knows you and he knows how to provide your needs cuz he's our father. Amen. And aren't you glad that God is a God of variety? Yes, he is. Now, you're all looking at one person, but I'm looking at the variety. God is indeed the God of variety. So, we've prayed and so we're going to look into the word of God this morning. And yes, we're still in the book of Acts because I know some of you haven't been reading it. So, we're going to go into um chapter 13 of the book of Acts. And uh let's just pray before we do that. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your mercy today. We thank you, Lord, that you've given us the will to be here and the strength and the car to drive and all that you've given us. We thank you. Lord, bless your your word to your people. May it be something that would hit the need of each one. I don't live here. I don't know what their needs are, but you do. You're our heavenly father. You not only know our needs, you know our name. You know our future. And we put it all in your hands. Help us now in Jesus name. Amen. Okay. You may be seated. Okay. Okay. So, um, I always look forward to being with Brother David. I've known him for half of his life. Yeah. A long time. But, you know, there's a lot of unrest in the world today. You're aware of what's going on. It's because people don't read the Bible. Our God is a God of balance. And I've been over in those areas of the Middle East many times. And it's unbelievable how that people cannot get with the program and just follow God's rules. They won't because they're born, they're anointed for destruction from the little bitty kids. They teach them to hate the Jews. If you can kill a couple of Jews, you got your way paved to heaven. It's foolish. So, it is a matter of staying balanced. Yes, I brought the thought. You'd be disappointed if I didn't bring it right. But, um, no, God being a God of variety, he knows what we need. And, um, the, uh, the scripture says in the book of Genesis, I will bless those that bless thee, my people Israel. Oh, blessing. But I will curse those that curse thee. Now, I've been over there and I've I've seen all this and I thought, well, you know, if I was a if I was an Arab and I believe that the destruction of the Jews was the way to heaven and it hasn't worked out too good so far. I think I would pretend for 6 months, let's see if that really works. Let's be nice to them. See if God blesses. And that's not rocket science, you know, but no, they're they're anointed for what they do. Just like all the churches you came by to get here this morning, they're anointed for what they're doing. It's the broadest way to destruction. See, most people in the world today are going to the hot place. Only a few are going to go the other way. So, be sure that you know where you are. And we trust that God will speak to you some way today that tomorrow will be an easier way that you can be sure that you're in the right place. And I know that we're speaking to at least three uh languages here and it's going out. We're just thankful that God has called us. Now, after today, I'm on my way to Central America. I'm going to be in Honduras for two weeks. And um I didn't bring a Spanish Bible, but they have them down there. I can use their Bible. And these are places I haven't been in over 30 years, but they've been listening and they've been listening and churches are growing. Just in the one country of Honduras, there's probably 120 churches because they don't have the transportation we have. So there's a church here and 10 miles farther and 20 miles farther because, you know, they can't get around as quickly as we can. So we're not going to go to all those churches. We're going to go to several places, but just to encourage the saints and let them know that the gospel is still real. So, in the chapter 13, um, we've studied in the past up through these 12 chapters, we've studied some of the growth, some of the difficulties of the early church. It didn't start out like it is today. They didn't have a church like this. No, they met in homes. They met under down by the river down some trees. And um that was our church at its inception. And now we have been restored back to the original all the way not just to the book of Acts, but all the way back to Eden. We have a message of restoration to put it back the way it's supposed to be. You know, and you see God's map is all on one page. He doesn't have to fumble through the pages and wonder how we're going to get this done and hope this works. No, it's all on one page. He can see the entire picture. and all that's going on in the Middle East right now, it's not a surprise to God. He knows exactly, you know, how it's working out. So Paul, you know, being God's voice of the first church age and then God's voice to our age, uh it's the same quality of inspired word. It's the same revelation of Jesus Christ. When they tried to worship Paul, that didn't work. And today when people try to worship William Brandham, it doesn't work. It's just showing that Catholic spirit that's down inside a lot of people, you know. So we have the same word, the same Bible doctrine. And these people we've studied and we're going to look at today. We're going to see them very soon. This thing is just about to blow up. And I'm not a politician, but you see the same news I do. And the president said, "Well, within the next two weeks, I'm going to decide." So everybody's looking at two weeks. Boom. It happened. And that's the way it's going to happen with us. There's no specific date out there. I'm going to come get you at this date. Because if God gave that date, what would you be doing? You wouldn't be here. You'd be at the beach. You'd be running up the credit card because you're not going to be here to pay it. No, that's not the way it works. We got to stay in balance. Okay. So, that's why we're here today to get ready to be sure everything is lined up properly. So our brothers and sisters here in the book of Acts, they came through many serious trials, serious persecutions. They had encounters with the law. Some went to jail. Some went to untimely death. And you know, Jerusalem is where it all started. We have that, you know, in chapter 2. And there have been annual pilgrimages to the upper room. Some of you have been there. And um it it's always a very important step in the Christian walk to go back and see where it all started. You know, and even till recently they come from all over the world. Tourism is the number one income to Israel. We went last in July of 23 and at that point there was 4 million people coming as tourists every year. Today there's nothing. The airport's closed. But you know it was in Antioch uh which became the center of early Christianity. Now that's up in what's Turkey today. And at the time of Acts 13, Antioch could have been a city of maybe a half a million people. And it was divided into four ethnic groups. Okay? They had walls. There was the Greeks, the Syrians, Africans, and the Jews. But the gospel goes beyond the walls, you know, and it brings people together in Jesus Christ. Now, today, Christianity is all divided up. We got the Catholic, we got the Presbyterian, we got the Baptist. All these people using the same Bible. Something's wrong someplace. But we are the people of the book. We're back to the original. And so, one of my favorite chapters is Ephesians 4. There's one body, one spirit. Even as you are called in one hope of your calling. It's all about the unity. One Lord, one faith, one baptism, one God and father over all. Uh who is above all, through all and in you all. But into every one of us is given grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ. It all comes back to Jesus Christ. Not to me, not to David, not to William Brandon. Okay. So chapter 13 verse one. Now there were in the church that was at Antioch certain prophets and teachers as Barnabas and Simeon that was called Niger and Lucius of Serene and Manan which had been brought up with Herod the patriarch and Saul. So they had multi-ethnic leadership. Barnabas was a henistic or a Greek from Cyprus. He came from a very priestly family and he was the leader of the new group in Antioch. Okay. Uh Simeon, he was an African. Lucius ofSirene as Libya, also of African. And there was Manan, childhood friend, maybe even a relative of Herod, the one that killed John the Baptist. And so he was a privileged member of society. And then there was Saul, a Greek Jew from Tarsus with religious training. He knew the scriptures of the day. They didn't have a New Testament. Okay? What wasn't written? They had the Old Testament that was the Bible still to today to many people. And they had a a a recent translation that was a little more friendly to to uh read which had been translated 200 years previous. And so these were the teachers and the prophets in this early church. And so as we read through Acts, we can see the model church at Antioch. And they were blessed with the spirit of God. Verse two, as they ministered to the Lord and fasted, the Holy Ghost said, "Separate me, Barnabas and Saul, for the work wherein to I have called them." So God always knows what he's doing. He He can see a lot farther. We You got all these fancy cars out here. You assume that when you go out there, it's going to start, but you don't know that. You know, it's very possible it couldn't start. We don't know the future, but God does. So God is eternal and he's not guessing. Well, let's think it over. What do you think? Let's see if this works. No, that's not the way God operates. No, that's not the way he operates. And so we um uh you know, he all he God knew all along who Saul was. He knew how he would use him. And uh he knows each one of you. He knows where you come from, why you're here, and if you're going to stay. See, brother David has no he has no guarantee that next Sunday church will be full. Something could come through here, everybody leaves. It's happened before. And so, we want to stick in the word, you see. And so, God knew each one of us back when God was of lasting on your mind. We were born in sin, shaping iniquity, so forth. And you can run, but you can't hide. I mean, you can run as fast as you want, but God will bring you back. We've got Saul. We've got many others. God will let you go out there and then he'll jerk your chain, get you back where you belong. So, let us focus on this interesting figure for a while. Uh, why is Saul important? Well, he was very important to our prophet. If you listen to any tapes at all, Saul was important, you see. So Saul was born in Tarsus but he was raised in Jerusalem. His father was a Pharisee which is the elite of Judaism because they have you know sections also. Uh he was a Roman citizen so he uh his father was a Roman citizen so he was also a Roman citizen and that came in handy at times and he had a trade. He wasn't just sitting on the porch waiting for the check. No, he he got it busy. He was a tent maker. Okay. And he was trained under Rabbi Galio, which was the best at the time. And this training usually lasted between the age 14 until 40. It wasn't a two-month course like today. No, it was a long time. And so he became a um the Jewish Council's chief agent of anti-Christian activity because they were, you know, when when this Christianity started, well, they had they had people in already prepared. Okay, now go get them. And he was one of them. If you even look like a Christian, if you had a little cross on the wall, whatever, out of here, profiling, no problem. And so even till today, they have what's called anti-missionary activity because Judaism wants to stay Jewish until the day that God reveals, oh, that is the Messiah. Where'd you get those prints in your hand? And so, uh, even today, every every Christian wants to have a a little address in Jerusalem. They want to have a a physical address. Even the people from Salt Lake City, they've got a nice building over there because, hey, we're part of this. We're part of Christianity. Well, so you say. But when they when they bought their property, they had to sign papers. We will not go house to house. Well, that's the main part of their religion, right? So, they had to sign that because they don't put up with it. I know people that have gone over there with great revelations. Oh, yeah. We're here to do this and that. Uh, let's see your return ticket. Okay. Get on the next plane. Out of here. They don't put up with it. And so, Saul was one of these guys back in the beginning, the anti-Christian campaign. Okay? And so he was very zealous in keeping the tradition the tradition of the fathers you know all the way from Moses. This is what Moses said. And so they they had a foundation but they had no revelation. You know the light keeps moving. And the reason we have denominational spirits amongst randommites today is because people put a period on God up to here is all I understand. That's all we're going to have controlling spirit. It's crazy but it's happening. We have people uh fostering and promoting uh the uh the idea that I can run it all. You know, organized religion. No, we're back to the Bible. Okay. So, Saul was called by his Jewish name Saul probably in memory of Israel's first king. He was a member of the tribe of tribe of Benjamin. But after his conversion, he became Paul, which would have been his Roman name. Okay, that begins there in verse 9 of chapter 13. And even though he was a troublemaker in the beginning, uh God placed him in a position of apostle to the Gentiles. That's us. So his message comes all the way through the seventh age. Okay? Now, don't go to sleep because it's going to get good here in a minute. And we do have ways of keeping you awake. Got a chubby deacon over there. But um you know um you know Luke is the actual writer of the book and he was only a disciple. He was not an apostle. A disciple is a follower. And while Jesus was on the earth he had 12 disciples. An apostle is one that sent out a missionary. Acts 18. So the 11 were disciples. They became apostles. And the one that we would probably put at the bottom of the pile, Thomas, he was the first one. You know, once he saw the prince, it all clicked together. He took off to India and became the first missionary. And they've still got stuff over there. St. Thomas this and St. Thomas that. And that's where he was killed eventually. But he got very serious. So Paul was a missionary, an apostle, and he was the first church age messenger. Okay? So he had to be somebody with a special anointing to bridge the gap, you know, to the Gentiles. Yet being Jewish in dealing with Jews in the first church age. So as an apostle and being such a stickler for the truth, he became much more of a problem for the unbelieving Jews than he ever was for the uh Christian believers. Not in violence, you know, not but in ideology. He was always under threat of his life from his former colleagues, the people that he was he was dealing with and yeah, let's go get the Christians and yeah, you're you're the one, Paul. Well, now he's a threat from them. So, at first, um, you know, in a nutshell, he became Christianity's leading evangelist and theologian. And don't let that scare you. Brother Brandham put his thumb down on theologians because they're promoting Baptist theology, Pentecostal theology, and so forth. But a theologian is simply one that can very capably defend the faith by the scriptures. Okay, I'm not there yet. I I don't know the scriptures entirely to to be a theologian of the scriptures, but that's what he was. But as the status in the church was rising, his perspective of himself diminished. Exactly what brother Brandham says. You want to be, you know, in the sight of God, stay more humble. So at first he considered himself an important Christian leader. Then later in 1 Corinthians 15, I am the least of the apostles and not worthy to be called an apostle. Now he had the he had the papacy. He could stay elevated. No. Uh to be called an apostle because I persecuted the church of God. So he willingly told about his mistakes and his failures. He didn't gloss it over and you know forget it. know, he didn't pretend. Um, he didn't always have a happy face. You know, it's like they say over there in Israel about about Elijah. See, they studied about life of Elijah from from children. And they said, "Elijah was a pretty nice guy, but you don't want to push him too much cuz come after you, you know." Well, that's the way Paul was. And so, um, he was human, but he was totally God inspired, directed, and anointed just like William Brandon. William Brandon was human. I knew him. There's nobody else here knew him, but I knew him. And and he was same as Paul, God's messenger, you know. So in a message faith 1956, he says, "We don't care to be a big number of people." Okay? I never want to be big. I want to be honest. I never want to be great. I want to be sincere. I want to love the Lord. I want to serve the Lord. I want to help people. And so in finishing up 1 Corinthians 15, but by the grace of God, I am what I am. And that's true for each one of us. Just be what God made you. You don't have to take over Texas. Just be yourself. So without God's amazing grace, we're all totally lost. No hope. Not even a guarantee to get out the door, you know. So thank you, Lord, for saving my soul. just be humble. Thank you, Lord, for making me whole. I'm well. I'm here. You know, so later Paul said he was capable of nothing good. Romans chapter 7. Then in Ephesians 3, less than the least of all the saints. And finally in 1 Timothy 1, chief of sinners. That doesn't sound like a man that's trying to get a following, does somebody, hey, follow me. I'm the man. No. So this fearsome Pharisee of Pharisees became the fearless apostle to the Gentiles. His motto was to live as Christ to die as gain. But if we're going to live, we're going to we're going to do it right. You know, and so brother Brandham says, "Make yourself little and God will bring you up. He that exalts himself shall be abased, but he that humbles himself shall be exalted. Yeah, that's an influence chapter 1962. So, always keep humble, be little in your own sight. Now, you can be too humble and be a tool of the devil. Now, I see some people kind of drifting. Yeah. Pay attention. We're not going to repeat this. So, always keep humble. Be little in your own sight. No matter what God does for you. Wow, nice church. Yeah. Be small. Be humble. Uh, no matter what God does for you, just see how much more humbler you can be all the time. The more God blesses you, just keep getting more humble, more little, and God will continue to bless. But you got to have balance because you can go out here in your flesh and and and be humble and be a tool of the devil. It's possible. So when we consider Paul's testimony from Galatians chapter 1, this transformation with Paul did not take place overnight and neither will yours. Now we're saved, but then there's the teaching, you know, it took at least 10 years for him to get it all straightened out of his mind. So be patient for those people that are coming in cuz everybody didn't have the same good cup of coffee that you had. Everybody didn't have a nice crispy pancake or whatever, you know. Everybody didn't have the nice cereal that sister uh fixed for me this morning. She's a good cook. I mean, she's keeping David alive, you know. So, um be patient for those that are coming along. God knows how to accomplish his will in every life. Remember, it's by his grace that we are witnesses. We could be out under a bus someplace. We could be down there with a drug cartel. There's a lot of things you could be, but he's got you here. Be thankful. Jesus Christ is our advocate. So, we are daily experiencing personal transformation, cleansing, and falling in love every day with Jesus Christ. Okay. So, um we are not lawyers to argue the case. Jesus Christ is our advocate. We're not judges. Nobody qualifies. No matter what your name is, sorry. But in verse three, it says that they fasted and prayed, laid hands on them, and sent them out on their first missionary journey. And they, you know, scripture records three different trips that they took. So in 30 years, they probably traveled just over 10,000 miles. And they didn't have an air conditioned SUV. No. Either walking or on a beast of some kind. So away goes Barnabas and uh Saul and young helper John Mark. And they sailed from the port of Seucia. All this is in the Bible. Over to the island of Cyprus. You've heard about Cypress recently. Yeah. And after preaching all the way across the island, they came to the other end on the western end to a city called Pathos. And they encountered a challenge. So in this western port city was an intelligent man like a governor. His name was Sergius Paulus and um he was hungry for the gospel. He he'd heard some things and he was getting hungry for the gospel. So he arranged to hear the preachers. But there was also a magician, sorcerer, false prophet that got in the way trying to ruin the program of God. Remember every move of God produces twins. And we'd like to think that everybody came here, parked your car nicely, came in, paid attention, paid tithe, and the church is, you know, going fine. But that's not true. You know who you are because there's three kinds of believers in every crowd. And of course, you can look around, well, we know who she is. We know which believer he is. Don't worry about that. Which believer are you? You know, so we have twins here in this in this early church. And um let's look at verse 6 of chapter 13. And when they had gone through the island unto Pathos, they found a certain sorcerer, a false prophet, a Jew, whose name was Bar Jesus. H which was with the deputy of the country, Sergis Paulus, a prudent man, who called for Barnabas and Saul, and desired to hear the word of God. So he's already hungry. God's dealing with him. But Elimus, the sorcerer, that's, you know, his name by interpretation, the same guy, withtood them, seeking to turn away the deputy from the faith. So, anything that gets in the way of God's program is going to get hammered. That's what's happening in the Middle East today. Crazy people are getting in the way of God. And boom. Okay. Verse nine. Then Saul, whose name is also Paul, filled with the Holy Ghost, set his eyes on him. You don't like when Brother David's preaching and he focuses right on you. Watch out. And he said, "Oh, full of subility and all mischief, thou child of the devil." He didn't say, "Let's go have coffee and talk this over." No, I got a plan for you. No, right to the point. Thou enemy of all righteousness, wilt thou not cease to pervert the right ways of the Lord? And now, behold, the hand of the Lord is upon you, and you're going to be blind, and you're not going to see for a season?" And immediately there fell on him a midst of darkness, and he went about seeking somebody to lead him. Then the deputy, you know, the governor, whatever he is, uh, when he saw this, believed and um, being astonished at the doctrine of the Lord. Well, yeah, that would that would get things pretty serious real quick. Real quick, just like in chapter 5 with Ananas and Safara, remember them? The makeel believers that look good, had nice suit, boom, dead. So, things got really serious here really quickly, but it was all in God's plan. All of this happened right in front of the Roman leader. Brother Ram says, "So it's a cursed thing to the church of God for a man to put his hand upon the moving of the spirit." So you better know what you're doing. Just like on the black and white film, Brother Brandham is is uh speaking and he's he's waiting for the the angel to appear. And he says, "Now, just like with Moses, if you go taking something off of somebody that God put on there, you get in trouble. You got to have discernment." Okay? And so, it's one of the hard things for people to understand. All the supernatural that was demonstrated by God through his prophet, all the people that witnessed those things, where are they? How many times did he preach right here in Dallas in different places in Texas? Where are these people? They got the free sandwich and disappeared. You know, so in 20th and 21st century, we're dealing with very intelligent three kinds of believers. It's another message. So in verse 13, they sailed up to Perga and at that point, John Mark left the party. It's right there in your Bible. And he went home. We don't know the reasons, but he went home. Later with encouragement from Barnabas, Mr. encouragement, he came and was one of the key leaders of the early church. But look at verse 14 in chapter 13 here. What's it say? Uh but they departed from Perga. They came to Antioch in Pacidia and went into the synagogue on the Sabbath day and sat down. Okay. So they um uh now this is another Antioch because unfortunately at that time there were 16 cities of that same name. Okay. And um in verse 15 they were there on the day of the service. They didn't knock the doors down. They were there at the right time. And after the reading of the law, in other words, they read a part of their prophet Moses. Okay? And the prophets, the rulers of the synagogue sent unto those two visitors, ye men and brethren, if you have any word of exhortation uh for the people, say on. So they recognized that these are visitors. They might have something important to say. They didn't pass them through a you know series of questionnaires and who are you and who's your grandma? No. got something to say? And so they invited him up. Yeah. It was the right day of the service. They arrived at the right place, the right time. They showed humility. They showed respect. And they were asked to speak. So from 16-41, uh it's a great message that Paul gave. It's all inclusive, quoting the prophets, discerning, warning, offering hope. Let's look at verse 16. Then Paul stood up and beckoned him with his hand. Men of Israel and all you that fear God, listen up. Uhhuh. And he proceeds with the brief history that they couldn't deny. Yeah, that's that's all right. Yeah, you're right on target. Yeah. But look at verse 23. Says here, of this man's seed, he's been speaking about David here. They couldn't they couldn't argue about that. Okay? of this man's seed hath God according to his promise raised unto Israel a savior Jesus. When John had first preached before his coming the baptism of repentance to all the people of Israel. And as John fulfilled his course, in other words, ran his course, he said, "Whom think ye that I am? I am not he, but behold, there cometh one after me whose shoes, you know, I can't even tie his shoes. I'm not even worthy to touch his shoes. Men and brethren, children of the stock of Abraham, and whosoever among you fearth God, to you is the word of this uh salvation sent. God has had mercy, and he's sending you this this message. It was a simple message at the beginning for the Jews only. Repent. And they were so many of them were so ingrained in the in the traditions of the fathers. We can't we can't no we got to stay right with what we know. Look at 29. And when they had fulfilled all that was written of him. In other words, everything that happened to Jesus Christ wasn't, you know, on the spur of the moment. It was all in the mind of God. It was written in the prophets. All of that had to come to pass according to the way it was written. Just like what's happening over there today. It's written in Daniel. It's written in Ezekiel. And the Baptists are studying it this morning. It's not a surprise to God. So when they fulfilled all that was written of him, they took him down from the tree and laid him in a sepicore. But by but God raised him from the dead. So resurrection is the cornerstone of our entire message. Brother Bram says it's the cardinal resting place of the gospel. No matter what he did, if he did not raise again from the dead, then it's all in vain. Waste of time. It proves to me that he was God. So, I don't have about that much patience to listen to people today preaching in our pulpits that Jesus wasn't God. And they're doing it. They're taking the deity out of Jesus Christ and put it over here with this man or this organization. No, Jesus was God. Otherwise, we're wasting time. And I think it's the great coronation of the full gospel is the resurrection and its divine promises. So, to my opinion, the resurrection is the greatest of all the promises and the things of the scripture. All the rest of it great, but if there's no resurrection, what do we got? Stories. So Paul in 1 Corinthians 15, if in this life only we have hope in Christ, we are all men most miserable. We're fooling ourselves. But this is real. We've got history to prove it. We've got lives right here that would be buried long time ago if it wasn't for the grace of God. Where would David be without the grace of God? Over there beating a drum in California still. No matter no telling how many weeds, you know, but he's here. But there is a resurrection for those that have surrendered their entire life to Jesus Christ and can say amen to all the word, not just the little parts you like. Because we go over to the cafeteria this afternoon, the kids are going to go for the chocolate and the strawberries. They're not going to eat the beef and the broccoli. No, this isn't cafeteria Christianity. We want it just like it says. So you see, anybody can repeat. Anybody can, you know, and they're doing it. They're opening the Bible. Yeah, it says right here. Well, yeah, it says right there. Where's the life? I can hear. I can listen to anybody with their stories for a little while, but where's the fruit of it? If you've got the truth, let's see the fruit. You know, so very few can take the word serious. All others all over Dallas will continue to pray play church until the day after the resurrection. You want to see this church fill up real quick? The day after the resurrection, they're going to start flooding in here. Well, those guys might have been right. Yeah, the real ones are gone. Just like in the days of Noah. So, let's move on here. Um, so he continues with the theme of the resurrected master in verse 31. And he was seen many days of them which came up with him uh from Galilee to Jerusalem, who are his witnesses unto the people. And we declare unto you glad tidings, how that the promise which was made unto the fathers, God has fulfilled that same thing unto their children. In that he hath raised up Jesus again, as it is also written in the second psalm, "Thou art my son, this day I have begotten thee. Okay. So he gives them an entire message and at that point he could have said you know in closing um you know what is the point? Why is that important to us here in Antioch? They could have said okay thank you. Verse 38. Be it known unto you therefore men and brethren that through this man is preached unto you the forgiveness of sins. There's no other way. The only way you're going to have any success is to start your trip at the foot of the cross. You can't start your trip reading spoken word books. No, you got to start at the foot of the cross. Okay. Uh 39. And by him all that believe are justified from all things, from which you could not be justified under the law of Moses. Uh-huh. Beware, therefore, lest that come upon you which is spoken of by the prophets. quote, "Behold, you despisers in wonder and perish, for I work a work in your days, a work which shall in no wise uh believe, though a man declare it unto you." So he goes on, you know, but these Jews were so fanatical and they were so opinionated and legalistic. Verse 45, um but when the Jews saw the multitudes, they were filled with envy. Okay, preaching the word to these people. Things are happening and these people out here, they're filled with envy and they spoke against those things which were spoken by Paul, contradicting and blaspheming. You know, there's a limit to God's grace. Now, we we've been taught when somebody disagrees with you, just be nice and draw a circle bigger. Well, that's fine. It can work. But about the fourth circle, no more. You've blasphemed. I'm on I'm on a different team obviously, you know. So verse 46, Paul again, you know, very carefully but boldly he says here in 46, then Paul and Barnabas wax bold and they said it it was necessary that the word of God should first have been spoken unto you. Yeah, that's God's plan. But seeing ye have put it from you and judge yourselves unworthy of everlasting life. Lo, we turn to the Gentiles. We've had it with you people. You blasphemed. We're not going to draw another circle. It's over. You know, so verse 47. For so hath the Lord commanded us, saying, I have set I have set thee to be a light to the Gentiles. Thou shouldest be for salvation unto the ends of the earth. In 48, and when the Gentiles heard this, they were glad and glorified the word of the Lord, and as many as were ordained to eternal life believed. There's predestination again. And the word of the Lord was published throughout all the region. So results of simply preaching the word, not opinions, not I think, no, the word. it produces something you see. So, but we look at the contrast over in verse 43 um you know where they uh you know many of the Jews and then in 50 stirred them up. In other words, gossip ran and raised false witnesses against God's anointed. Remember the the magician in verse 8 stone blind. But you see records, it's recorded here the footnotes of the um the uh the honorable women during the first century there at the end of chapter 13 women were in public office that didn't happen you know right now clear back there they ran their own business gaining wealth and influence the tragedy once they gained political and social power they employed that leverage to reject the gospel and protect their own interests yeah they didn't start here in Washington started clear back there. So with this rejection and persecution, what did Paul do? Did he call 911? Go back home. Go back call up from back up from Jerusalem. Did he have a pity party? Go home. No. Look at verse 51 right here of where we at chapter 13. They shook the dust off their feet against those people and came unto Iconium. And the and the disciples were filled with joy and with the Holy Ghost. Amen. God was with them. You got to take a stand sometimes. We don't have to put up with this nonsense. You guys want to do that in the name of the Lord, in the name of the tapes, whatever. No, there's a reality in the word. We got to stick with the word. Okay, it's not lunch time yet. So, we're going to go to chapter 14. So in verse one of 14, and it came to pass at Iconia, remember we just studied that they're they went over there. It's another city. Um that they went both together into the synagogue of the Jews. So they went to the right place at the right time. Now, why was why didn't they have a temple? Because the Romans had tore it down. So there's synagogues around the world today. Right here in Dallas, a minimum of 10 men get together. They can form a synagogue as it's a place of teaching. So there they are over there and a great multitude both of the Jews and also of the Greeks believed. So God is honoring his word. So they spoke freely at Aonium. There were converts but there was also the twin the unbelievers in verse two. But the unbelieving Jews stirred up the Gentiles and made their minds evil affected against the brethren. Okay? And so they um they brought in confusion. They um but God confirmed with signs and wonders. You know, confusion is never of God. If you see a confusing situation here in the church, zip it because you're not going to straighten it out. You're going to make it worse. Stay away from it. God will smash down the confusion. You stick with the word. So they stayed there a long time. Iconium uh long time. Therefore both they speaking boldly of the Lord uh which gave testimony unto the word of his grace and granted signs and wonders to be done by their hands. Okay. Um in John 14:12 it was in effect also John 15:7 they didn't have a New Testament to guide them. They had the Holy Ghost. They had the they had the Old Testament and the Holy Spirit. And so it hadn't been written yet. But um they only had the the testimonies. They had the eyewitnesses that have seen Jesus. But in all the book of Acts, we don't see anywhere that they're repeating word by word the red letter edition what Jesus said back here. They were just manifesting it. You see, and so um the word was being fulfilled right amongst them. So it was God in real time living out the promise of the first age. And uh you know the only hands that God has are your hands. The only eyes he has are your eyes. You see? And so, uh, as you yield yourself to God, he will use you in ways you can't imagine. Now, you don't have to figure it all out. Just be available for service. Brother Random couldn't see the future. I'm going to do this now. He had plans, but he had to walk by faith every step. And there was a lot of confusion even back then. So, the confusion continued back there because the troublemakers were anointed from the dark side just like over there today. And they were divi determined to bring division. Bring division. Separate people. So the unbelieving Jews also hel had help from the unbelieving Gentiles. They abused the missionaries. They stoned them. They were totally under control of satanic forces. And those forces are now maturing in our time. Very visible. Yeah. We don't have to wonder. Very visible. So Paul and Barnabas, they left town, moved on to Lististra, another town. then to Derby and there they preached the news and um there was a crippled man in the crowd and we're going to get to it here in a minute and um this man had never walked. He was born with this defect. Now we don't see too much of that today but I have seen people that like one brother said he's like spaghetti. He's just he's just there. No muscle, no nothing, but he's alive. So this is this man over here, okay? No muscle, no legs, nothing. But when he heard the word of spoken clearly in his language, thank you. He believed. And while preaching, Paul discerned that he had faith to be healed. Yeah. Look at verse 10 of 14. Where's it at? And he said with a loud voice, "Stand upright on thy feet." And he leaped and walked. Now, he's never walked. He's never done anything on his own. And when the people saw what Paul had done, they lifted up their voices. Now, this isn't a foreign language, okay? This isn't Paul's language. She's speaking through an interpreter. So, just like you today, they they had languages back then. And so, when when the people saw this, they lifted up their voices, saying in the speech of the Lyonia, "The gods are come down to us in the likeness of men." Well, yeah. They never seen any supernatural before. Wow. this is marvelous, beautiful, you know, and um so um brother Brandham had very high regard for a man called Dr. Lamza. And he's one that translated the Bible from Aramaic to English. And in verse 10, he says here, I um I say unto you, in the name of Jesus Christ, stand upright on your feet. He jumped and walked away. Nobody had ever seen that man do that. So the reaction of the people as we just read there in 11 and 12 and they called Barnabas Jupiter and Paul Mercurius because he was the chief speaker. So Jupiter is Latin for Zeus in Greek and Mercury is Latin for Hermes in Greek. Okay. So they were totally impressed. They began to worship and they gave pagan names to God's servants and that was all the supernatural that they'd ever seen. It seemed right to them. Wow. what happened to this man? You know, and um because they weren't acquainted with the Bible. They had no concept of the Bible. These are pagans and there's still pagans in the world today. And let me just give you a couple of numbers to think about. We've got 7,000 known languages in the world today. English is only minor one. The Bible is only in 750 languages. So there's still people out there that have no concept of the word of God. The New Testament is in almost 1,600 languages. So the missionaries still got work to do. But these people never heard about the word of God. And in verse 13, uh then the priest of Jupiter, you know, this pagan religion which was before their uh city, brought oxen and garlands under the gates and would have done sacrifice with the people. So they were getting ready to kill some animals and have a big feast. Wow, look what's happened here, you know. And so um they they were so impressed with what had happened. It was all the supernatural they knew. They didn't know the Bible. So um they were serious, you know. And today in the 21st century, because this is 2,000 years ago, but today, if a person doesn't have the Holy Ghost on their soul and in tune with the God of the Bible, key elements, that person will almost feel comfortable with this type of worship and adulation. It is simple idolatry and God hates it. Yeah, but it's all gold and it's beautiful and flowers. No, we've been in that church over here that they're building, you know, Catholic church. Beautiful. Wow. God hates it. God hates idolatry. And so, um, but your revelation must be in balance with the written word of God. Not your idea, not because grandma said so. No, not pagan fanaticism. Okay? And so if you could do a brief search on your phone in the message, you're going to find that William Brandom says back to the word over 200 times. It might be important. Back to the Bible 81 times. Back to the original 128 times. Just just on the basic understanding, any child can do that. So this ministry of William Brandham Elijah turning the hearts of the children back to the fathers. In other words, current Christians back to the original. The word says, "You shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free." So, you have a choice this morning. You can wander around as a prisoner. You're like a little Johnny Crow. You can only go so far. Or you can be free. But you got to know the word. You shall know the word. Not, you know, hear Scorby read it. You got to get in there and read it yourself. Brother Ram says, "The real church is a real sane gospel right in the middle of the road." In other words, balanced. Because you go this way, you're not in the middle of the road. Go this way, you're not in the middle of the road. You got to be balanced. He says, "It's not cold and starchy. Neither is it fanaticism. It's real good old warm gospel, heartfelt love of God going right down the middle of the road calling from both sides. And that's what he did. You see, brother Brandham was not a fanatical person. He was not orthodox. He was in the middle of the road. And if he only had gone out to minister where people just believe just like him where it' be nice and comfortable, he would have never left the corner. Listen to the tapes. He was in oneness. was in Pentecostal, wherever, because they invited him. They probably gave him a $100 offering or something, but he he stayed in the middle calling from both sides. Okay, continue here what he says. This is in Hebrews chapter 1. Um, that's right. And how are you going to get that church? Right out of the word, the yearum. Now, Paul wanted to get his church right in the middle of the road. So he went and studied three years on the scriptures that he knew Old Testament. Therefore, Paul wrote the bigger part of the New Testament. Um God had him to do that because of the coming gentile age. Mark, Matthew, Luke, and John, the four gospels, they were Jews, but Paul wrote most of the letters. So we have Paul and Barnabas in a tough situation here. Here's the man walking. Great miracle that God performed right there. and all these pagan people. Well, this must be move of God. We we got to got to burn sacrifice. We got to do things. It's all they knew. So, look at verse 14. It says here, which when the apostles Barnabas and Paul heard of all this, they ripped their clothes and ran amongst the people crying out and saying, Sir, why do you do these things? We also are men of like passions just like you. And we preach unto you uh that ye should turn from these vanities and all this nonsense unto the living God which made heaven and earth and the sea and all the things that are in. When times pass um suffered all nations to walk in their own ways. In other words, he he let him go on blindly. Nevertheless, he left not himself without a witness. and that he did good and gave us rain from heaven and fruitful season, filling our hearts with food and gladness. And with these say with these sayings uh and with these sayings scarcely restrained the people that they should not have done sacrifice unto them. So with all his screaming and preaching, he almost didn't turn the tide. They they were hellbent. They're going to they're going to do this, you know. So, um, he tried to explain and they almost succeeded in in worshiping and they were just about ready to burn the sacrifice and burn these oxen and so forth to worship the servants of God. But no true servant of God will accept any kind of worship. As much as we love Brother David, we're not going to worship him. He's got a position. You got a position. That doesn't mean you can't send him a birthday card, but you don't worship the man of God. And we got people today, I know them, they're worshiping William Brandon. You know, some of them, they're they're bowing down before the they got candles in front of the picture. They're on their face worshiping nothing but Catholicism. So, no true servant of God will accept any kind of worship. Neither will he allow worship to anyone but the Lord Jesus Christ. Now, brother Brandham could have gone in privately, okay? Where only a few would have seen him, kiss the ring of the pope of Rome, he had the opportunity, okay? And um he said in what is it here? The India report 1954 a long time ago. I had an audience with the pope and I could have went up and talked to him but when I found out that you had to kiss his ring and his toe. No, no, no, no. I will give any man his due regards as reverend, doctor, whatever. Take off my hat as gentleman. But when it comes to worship, there's only one. That's the Lord Jesus Christ. So I will not do that. So he bypasses opportunity to be have a picture made with the pope of Rome. And for those of you that know a little bit about history, this would have been Pope Pas I 12th who was in office from March of 39 till October of 58. That was the one that he almost got to see. So back to our story here in chapter 14. Um, once again, the double-minded people, the fanatics, they have always been a part of the fabric of the gospel. We had them there. We got them in, you know, June of 25. I know some of them. They want me to come over there and get my picture made with them. No, I'm not going. I got better things to do. So, if these people hadn't shown up in the fabric, we would have reason to wonder if we're really in the right way. Back in 1950, Brother Brandham said, "Behold the lamb of God. Get ready. Wake up. Get your conscience out here." In other words, quit daydreaming. You know, pay attention. Get your soul out here with God. Get away from that sensebound existence. And see, he comes up with these compound words. I would have never thought of that. Get away from that sensebound existence. You know, five senses. Lift up your heads. Redemption's drawing nigh. Get ready. Signs and wonders appearing. 1950. critics, infidels waxing worse and worse. They were already there. Today, they're obvious. They're on the internet. They're everywhere. He says, "We've got to put up with them. But we're not looking to them. We're looking to God." So, I tell people everywhere, don't get involved with the crazy people on the internet. They will take you down. Yeah, I know them. This one lady used to pay tithes and then she got with him and she went with him and then she said she wrote to me now now that I'm not part of same thing you are you owe me that the tithe money back said honey that that money's long gone but they're crazy you see so Jesus wrote and he said woe unto you when all men speak well of you well me and David don't have to worry about that one do we got a few people out there that don't like us So the twin has to appear. So when you hear or see the twin in this congregation, don't get too excited. It's part of God's program. Okay? But you better know that you know that you know your experience and your revelation must be backed up by the word of God, not popular opinions. Okay? So let's go back here to verse where we at 14 and 19. And um and there they came said there's certain Jews from Antioch Iconium and persuaded the people here's the unbelievers right having stoned Paul they drew him out of the city supposing him to be dead so these troublemakers followed from the previous city you know they had nothing else to do they got the people into a frenzy they stoned Paul not with pegravel large sharp rocks and they dragged him out of the city thought he was dead. In other words, it's over. Verse 20. How be it, as the disciples stood around him, they weren't just standing there looking. They were praying. He rose up, came into the city, and the next day he departed with Barnabas to Derby. Okay, so great miracle. And um so they preached the word over in Derby and they returned by the same route confirming the faith of the new believers in verse 22 uh confirming the souls of the disciples and exhorting them to continue in the faith and that we must through much tribulation entering the kingdom of God. I got news for you. We're not on a picnic. Okay? Just because we got nice cars and nice air conditioned building, that's benefits. But it's going to get tough. It's going to get real bad real quick. Got to know that you know that you know. Okay. And so um tribulation. And when they had ordained them elders in every church, in other words, they set church in order. They had prayed and fasting. They commended them to the Lord on whom they believed. So things are looking tough, but God is in control. And so they were definitely ordained of God in what they were doing, believing that they were preaching. God took care of them. They weren't on vacation. So they arrived back home. Verse 27. And when they were come, they had gathered the church together and rehearsed all that God had done with them on this missionary trip. And how he had opened the door of faith to the Gentiles. Great news. And there they abodeed a long time with the disciples. So that is the foundation of our church. Rome wasn't in the picture yet. There was already already some confusion with people that you know were double-minded. But there's a truth that comes all the way through till today. And that's why God has sent us a prophet in this time to restore us back to the original. We should never be unthankful. Thank God he's got you under the sound of the gospel, not out there serving Romans and burning candles. How many come from the Catholic church? Be honest. Okay, there's one. There's got to be some more. Another one. Yeah, another one. God knows who you are. He got you over here where you can hear the truth. And you come from all kinds of different things. I'm just happy to be part of you and know that God is faithful. God is not looking some other way. He knows who his people are. He knows how many young widows are left over there in Israel because there's men sacrificing their lives right now. You know, things are happening and starting to happen real quick and you better be ready. God bless you. [Applause] makes you want to go back and start reading it verse by verse, huh? Line by line. It it goes to show how how you can walk over so many things within the framework of the scripture and and we're all playing a part of it. every everybody he's our messenger told us that there would be another book of Acts written. So we're a part of something that's real, you know, and you you can't condemn those people that when they saw the work of God, they thought that God had come down in the form of man. Well, that's true. The response was wrong. But the revelation was right. It was God dwelling in men. That's what the Holy Spirit is. It's God dwelling in men. And not the man showing up, but the Christ showing up. And really, that's what this the our our striving should be as Christians. And even Paul says to bring the flesh under subjection that Christ might live in us and through us and that our light might shine and that our good works might glorify our father in heaven. And you know and a lot of people they don't even in their mind even have the idea of laying down a pattern of good works. something that you a good work that you do over and over and over again. Visiting the widow and their affliction, visiting the fatherless, the homeless, you know, reaching out to the poor, going the extra mile, you know, doctrine was never a substitute, and I loved how brother George brought that out, was never a substitute for the life. That's right. Living a Christian life, and a Christian life is based on the love of God. Amen. Flowing from you, the the love of God shed abroad in your heart by the Holy Spirit. That that's what we do. And if we don't, we fall into the same pattern that the church has for years. We doctrally separate ourselves. If you don't believe the way I do, I don't walk with you. If you don't believe the way I with you, I don't eat with you. If you don't believe the way I do, I don't walk down the side the same side of the street as you do. I I turn my back from you. But if you've got a fountain of living water because God first loved you and you're not going on what people think, you're going on what that he done for you and that the love of God is is shed abroad in your heart. That doesn't mean it gets shed for this or that. It it means that the love of God is flowing through you is is going out from you. That you're letting your light shine. You're putting that love on display. You're letting people that you love because he first loved you. And you're not ashamed of the gospel, you know. And I I've just watched over the years the decline, you know, even within the framework of the message, we used to follow this message because the scripture said, "Be ye followers of me as I am of Christ." You know, brother Ram used to have communion the first Sunday of every month. That's what he did. And so we have communion the first Sunday of every month because we saw an example. Now people don't have communion maybe once a year. You know the po the pool's ready. If you're not baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ in Christian baptism the pool's ready. You know that there's there's there's formulas and things you want. You want the Holy Ghost. repent, you know, say you're sorry, recognize you're wrong, you know, and and and and be baptized. You will receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. You will receive it and not an anointing, but a life, a love. How can you have the Holy Spirit, not have the love of God in your heart? How can you how can you Paul John said how can you say you love God and whom you can't see and then hate your brother who you can see and so you know all these fundamentals that are are the things that really please the Lord really being a Christian really having the love of God the the love that he had for you having for others Freely it was given to you. Freely give you re freely received it. Freely share it. And and there none of us should be able to keep our Christianity a secret. You don't know what I mean? Uh we should we should all be proud to to let people know what we believe. We we shouldn't be ashamed that God sent a messenger in this day that restored us back to the scriptures. And so I would hope that they could say that about each of us that they could see God in us because Christ in you is the hope of glory. And if this that's the hope of glory. You want to have the hope of something, the hope of being in heaven, the hope that you're going to make it. Christ in you is the hope of glory. You you so if you you want to possess that hope, let Christ be in you. Let the love of God be in you. Let the spirit of Jesus Christ be in you. Let the actions of Jesus Christ be in your life. Be a Christian. And then we also know that if that same spirit that was in Christ Jesus dwell in you, it will quicken your mortal body. And everything about our age is rapture. Brother George brought that out. I I appreciated that. It's all about making the rapture. You say, "How do I want to make the rapture?" It's not what you believe, it's what you live. It's not what you say, it's what you do. It's not what you hear. Don't just be a hearer of the word, but be a doer of the word. And then we c we can start to understand what what is our path forward. What is God looking from the church? He's not looking for more theologians. He's looking for more believers. People that'll believe every promise and live by that promise and believe that that promise is their future. The future events in my life should be based upon what God promised would happen in my life. That should be our future. and and there there's nothing like the Lord Jesus, you know, and I know Brother George referred back to me from being in in California and yeah, I was a a a a hippie in California, just 60s hippie and but one day he come down for me and and changed me and and and and I I I I tried to be a Christian my own way and I formed a a a commune and I was raised a Catholic. So I dressed like a priest and and all the believers dressed like nuns and and and it it was a sight to behold, believe me. But God knowing that I was his, he found a way to get me the word of God for the hour. And I'm so thankful. I'm not ashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ because it's the power of God unto salvation. I'm not ashamed of this message because it exposes the deception. It exposes the son of predition who appears as an angel of light in our day deceiving us. So, okay, I it it behooves us to get into the word of God. It behooves you not to let life just catch you up, the daily routine, the working routine. You must set time aside to get into the presence of God to read the word of God as he took his level uh to get balanced in your life that that the Lord is balanced in your life. Satan will eat you up with prosperity, but yet it all burns. The prophet God made a statement. And I I don't know if I I I I brought it out, but he said all the things of this world, he says they'll perish, but love, joy, peace, he says that's of the eternal world. The eternal world, and there is an eternal world for us to walk in. Don't you want to be a part of eternity? Eternal life is a gift of God lest any man should boast. I want to live the eternal life. Don't you? The life that'll last. The life that won't perish. The life that will be there when this body fades away and it's starting to fade and it starting to wrinkle and it's starting to wear down. But I have a great hope. I've got one waiting for me. How many believes that? Amen. Let's live for the glory of God. Amen. Let's live that we worship and lift him up. Let's don't be ashamed. I'm not ashamed of this message. I'm not ashamed to have the picture of the pillar of fire on the wall. I'm not ashamed of Malachi 4:5, Luke 17:30, Revelations 10:7, and the signs and wonders and vindication that was done at our days. It's our hope. Our hope is Christ Jesus in us. God bless you this morning. That was wonderful. Let's come back this evening. What what is going on this evening that's so important that you can't come back? If it's gas money, just come see me. I'll buy your gas. I'll fill your tank up. If it's if you don't have food, uh we'll feed you. If it's too far to come back, you can stay at my house or I'll get you a room. I challenge any excuse any reason. If you want to, if you have to miss work, I'll give you the pay. You say, "Brother Megari, can you all do all that?" Yes. My father owns the cattle on the thousand hill. The only difference is what's in your heart. And the scripture says, as we see the day approaching, let us ever more gather ourselves together. People don't even want that. Churches are doing away with evening service because nobody wants to come to church. What do they want? I want God. I want the word of God. I want the food. You know, I don't know what book George go into tonight. He's liable to go into Ezekiel. And if you don't think you didn't know that that two chapters of Acts, how many found a lot of stuff going on in Acts you didn't ever recognize and see? You don't want to get into Daniel or Ezekiel or some of those places. It'll blow your mind. God's real, isn't he? Lord bless you. I'm going to have brother Billy come lead us in a few dismissal songs and pray pray for us and and uh we have some things on our heart that we'd like to share uh next uh Sunday morning with you if the Lord allows it if he tries. But if he doesn't tar, who's ready to go? Amen. Who wants to go? [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. How many just want to stay down here for another couple three or four or five years and work and watch it get worse? We come by the church today and brother George looked at me. He says, "What do they have in there? A swimming pool?" No, George. That's that's the way they dress for church. It's what it looks like. It's getting bad, church. and and and we know like brother George pointed out to us, they're dropping bombs over there. Our country is dropping bombs. Because they're trying to keep a country from getting a nuclear weapon. Why? Why would they go through so much trouble to try to prevent a nuclear weapon? Because it's prophesied that they're going to be burned up and they're not going to stop it. Don't fool around with God. Huh? Let's get more sincere. God bless you, brother Billy H. Come and lead us in a Let's stand together and let's worship the Lord for a moment. Amen. Oh, when you unravel me with a meloy, you surround me with a song. Oh, of deliverance from my eneies. Oh, until all my fears are gone. Oh, and I'm no longer slave to fear. I am a child of God. Oh, and I'm no longer a slave to fear. I am a child of God. Oh, and from eternity, you have chosen me. Oh, your love flows, oh mighty. [Music] Oh, and I've been born again. into a family. Oh, and your blood are close to my name. Hallelujah. Oh, and I'm no longer slave to fear. Oh, and I am a child of God. Oh, and I'm no longer slave to fear. I am a child. Sing that second verse again. Oh, and from eternity, hallelujah, you have chosen me. Oh, and your blood flow. Call my name. Oh, and I've been born again. Oh, into a family. Your blood flow through my veins. Oh, and I'm going to save. Oh, and I am a child. Oh, and I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, and I am a child. Oh, God. [Music] You sweep the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears were drown in perfect love. [Music] You rescued me and I will stand and see what I am. Just sing it again. Oh, you split the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears were drowned in perfect love. You rescue me and I will stand and see. Oh, and I am a child of God. Oh, when I'm no longer a slave to fear. Oh, when I am a child of God. Oh, when I'm not longer. Oh, when I am a child of God. Hallelujah. I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mouth. [Music] I know there is peace within your presence. Oh, ask me Jesus. [Music] Oh, and I just want to speak the name of Jesus till every addiction starts to break. Oh, and declaring Mary. Just think about it this morning. Must be Jesus. Oh, your name is Hallelujah. Oh, your name is Oh, and breaking every shine through the shadow. Oh, and the light of heart. Oh, and I just want to speak the name of Jesus over fear and all anxiety. Oh, and to every soul that can do my depression. Oh, I speak Jesus. Oh, your name is Oh, your name is Lord is oh and great. Oh sh and shall Jesus follow the mountain. Jesus in the street. Jesus in the last. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus for my family. Oh the holy name. Oh Jesus. Jesus this morning. Oh, shout Jesus found the mountain. Jesus in the street. Jesus in the darkness over everyone [Music] Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Oh Jesus. [Music] Oh, your name is your name is your name is strong. won't shout through the shadow. [Music] Hallelujah. Aren't you glad? His name is is a strong tower that the righteous can run into and be saved this morning. But a matter of time, if we could just come in this message says this morning, Amen. [Music] Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're grateful for the word that we heard this morning, Lord. Lord, the encouragement, the challenge, Lord, to be more sincere and more dedicated. Lord, the warning that you're coming is soon and we need to be ready to go, Lord. Lord, when you get on an airplane, they tell you in the case of an emergency to [Music] get ready, put your mask on, then look around to see who you can help. Lord, this world is full of people who are dying, that are without you, Lord God. Lord, I pray that you'd put such a conviction upon us, Lord, that we'd spend our time fasting and praying and reaching out to the lost. It's the final call. We're the final voice to the final age. Lord, we've got many loved ones who aren't serving you, that aren't going in the right direction, Lord. Lord, we just ask that you would work on both ends and that you would find us available to be your hand extended. Lord, we love you and we're grateful for your mercy and grace that has called us today. Lord, we ask that you'd be with us as we go and with with us as we return. We love you. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you, Wy Smith. I wasn't made to be tending a grave. I was know my name. Born and raised back to life I was made for. Oh, and why would I make the bed in my shape when the fountain of grace to ride in my way and oh I am your oh I was made just sing that chorus one more time. Hallelujah. And I wasn't made to be hanging a grave. I was called by. Oh, born in a race back to life. Oh, and I was made for more. [Music] So why would I make no bed that is my shame when the fountain of grace is running my way I know I am the I was thankful. Let's sing that first. Oh, I am. I know who you are. Oh, the cross of salvation [Music] was only the son. How I am chosen, free and forgiven. Oh, and I have a future. Oh, and it's worth living. Oh, and I wasn't made to be trending in the grave. I was called by. Oh, and back to life. Oh, when I was pray for more. [Music] Oh, why would I make my s When the fountain of grace is running my way, I know I am yours. I was made for more. [Music] I know I am. You know who you are. The cross of salvation was only the star. Now I am chos free and forgive. Oh, and I have a future and it's worth to live in. Oh, and made to me in the grave I was called by. Oh, and raise back to life. Oh, when I was, so why would I make my sle? Hallelujah. [Music] I am yours. I was made for more. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. [Music] My name sing out your praise. Hallelujah. For you bearing my past. I'm not going back. Hallelujah. Oh, you call out my name. I'll sing of your praise. Oh, [Music] you buried my past. I'm not going there. I was a man to be hanging the grave. I was called by. Oh, and it brought every way back to life. Oh, and I was made. Oh, what am I heading my shame when the fountain of Christ finding my way I know I am yours. I was made for [Music] home. [Music] Thank you. [Music]
