################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - [2025-06-29am] Resurrection Before Rapture  Pastor David McGeary Sr. - David McGeary Sr.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-29
Title:    [2025-06-29am] Resurrection Before Rapture | Pastor David McGeary Sr.
Speaker:  David McGeary Sr
Church:   Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:     Easter Program
Duration: 2h 34m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I_BSXg5PdyI
========================================

Description:
Resurrection Before Rapture 
Pastor David McGeary Sr.
Christian Life Tabernacle
June 29th,, 2025
Bedford, Texas

The church body of Christian Life Tabernacle began in 1978 when David McGeary moved to Texas from Arizona and began pastoring a small group of believers in Haltom City. Presently located in Bedford, Christian Life Tabernacle is a City set on a Hill in the middle of the Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area.

Christian Life strives to be a witness to the DFW area by proclaiming the Gospel of Jesus Christ that has been restored in its fullness by God through His servant William Marion Branham. As an angel messenger to the Gentile church age described in Revelation 3:14-22, this Prophet’s Message was supernaturally vindicated by God to be the Truth, and ministered an exodus from the creeds and doctrines of this Laodicean church world.

"Not for one moment do I bring a message to the people that they may follow me, or join my church, or start some fellowship and organization. I have never done that and will not do that now. I have no interest in those things, but I do have an interest in the things of God and people, and if I can accomplish just one thing I will be satisfied. That one thing is to see established a true spiritual relationship between God and men, wherein men become new creations in Christ, filled with His Spirit and live according to His Word. I would invite, plead and warn all to hear His voice at this time, and yield your lives completely to Him, even as I trust in my heart that I have given my all to Him. God bless you, and may His coming rejoice your heart." - William Branham
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Let's all stand this morning and sing that. Oh, we bow heart with bend our knees. Oh spirit, come make us humble. Oh, and we turn our eyes from evil things. Oh Lord, we cast out our idols. Oh, give us clean hands. Give us pure hearts. Let us now lift our souls to another. Give us clean hands. Oh, give us pure hearts. Let us not lift our souls to another. Oh God, let us be a generation that sees sing your face. Oh God of Jacob. Oh God, let us be a generation that sees your face. Oh God of Jesus, oh my heart, we may be. Oh spirit guide us. Lord we turn our heart from nothing. Oh Lord we cast out our give us clean hands. Give us your heart. Let us find God's soul to Oh, give us your heart this morning. Let us not lift us all to another. Oh God, let us be your generation and mercy. Sing face. Oh God of change. Oh, and God let us be a generation that sees. who seeks your face. Oh God of [Music] hallelujah. I stand in all within the presence of the Lord. In whom the wisdom I'll create shall lie. Oh, and for whom the raging of the seas subside. Oh, and the living sacrifice. The only source of life I hope is in the Lord. This I want and all my home is in the Lord forever more. We stand our mercies come with every rising hallelujah to make the sinner and ring his glor and to offer healing and forgiveness. [Music] and those who trust in him. Oh, find the hearts that my Lord is in the Lord. from this I and ever. Oh my go [Music] forever more. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad your hope is in him this morning? Not on anything that man can build or do, but on him, on Christ alone, the solid rock we stand. Amen. Brother Arthur, if you could just come and open our service in prayer this morning. You don't listen. Yeah. Fore! [Music] Foreign! Foreign! forriv. [Music] difficultist. [Music] Fore! Foreign! Foreign! [Music] for manifest. Oh dear. Amen. Amen. Amen. Certainly want to welcome everyone in the house of God this morning. Amen. I believe it's a privilege to be gather in his presence. Amen. Why don't you just turn around and welcome someone this morning? Amen. Amen. God bless you. May have your seats. Amen. Oh, do you know what it is not to have one guilty feeling? Not to wonder where you're going when you die. You love the name of the past. Not afraid of what you are. I know you're the reason why this is how it is. When you go down in the water close by, you believe in what you have. It's not impossible by drink. Oh, you can start over. [Music] When you wash by the water of the word [Music] by the water. Oh, by the water. Oh my. Oh my. Oh, I love the world. Oh, it's like [Music] with the whole world I believe never to look back to what you call your existence. [Music] [Applause] might anything we of God. Oh, you might. [Music] [Music] Oh my. Oh mighty. Oh yes. [Music] Oh yes. Mighty [Music] mighty. Oh my [Music] water for Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. My slee [Music] was dark. Oh, I was born, but now I see I [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Lord [Music] mighty people [Music] Oh mighty. Oh praise God. [Music] Oh there is power power. [Music] [Music] Wonderful. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] There is powerful [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Holy power [Music] of your hand. Oh wow. [Music] Oh Jesus. Oh my god. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, there is power working. Oh, in the precious blood of your lamb. Oh, I for Jesus your king. Oh, and there's power. All power his praises. Oh, and there wonderful power. Oh, there is power [Music] in the blood. [Music] Oh, there is power. [Music] Oh, in the presence. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank God for his power. Amen. Is made available to the church. Amen. Amen. Brother Brandham has a song if it could come at this time. Amen. God bless you. [Music] God bless everyone. [Music] People say our God is dead. He has no power or might. Day the night is living. Say this f is alive. We can help that is for they do not understand. They want reason. say Jesus was just a man. But what about the truth? What about the light? What about a message? always is still alive. Just think upon his goodness. All he's done in your life. This is not just some story. God's power is alive. Many people living God's voice in this day. The leaning to reason [Music] and the world filled away. that we have a vision. There's no power can hold us back. Just a day faith with Jesus and he'll keep you wondering. What about the truth? What about the light? [Music] What about his message? Oh, is it still alive? Just think upon his goodness. All he's done in your life. This is not just some story. God's power is alive. Oh, this is still the truth. Oh, this is still the light. This is still the message. Yes, he's still alive. Just think upon his goodness. All he's done in your life. This is not just some story. God's power is alive. Oh, this is still the truth. Oh, this is still the light. This is still the message. Yes, he's still alive. Just think upon his goodness. All is done in your life. This is not just some story. God's power is alive. This is not just some story. God's power is alive. This is not just some story. God's power is alone. [Applause] [Music] Amen. Amen. How many believe God's power is alive this morning? Amen. Is the same yesterday, today, and forever. He hasn't changed. Amen. He's the same and his power is the same. Amen. Amen. We have uh I believe some uh believers or sister from Kenya. She's bringing greetings from the church in Kenya. We're certainly happy to have them with us. If they could lift their hands up and God bless you. Amen. Amen. Amen. And it's also good to see brother Jonathan back there. God bless you from Houston and is here visiting with his family. Uh we certainly appreciate them. Amen. Uh we have a request up here. I know we have many that are out and traveling and camps and and all of that. We certainly want to remember them this morning. Uh brother John the Baptist uh John Baptist, I'm sorry, uh writes uh is the brother from South Africa. he lost his uh vehicle registration document and other document he certainly would like to be remembered for and and uh he writes here I just liked this he said I strongly believe that the same God the almighty God who helped find the keys man you remember last Sunday that that same God will we can pray that he may come also and help our brother find his documents amen he's the same God amen and and you know the promise is if he's ever done one thing one way Amen and he's obligated to do it when the others come and ask. Amen. We certainly want to remember our brother this morning, uh, brother Crystal uh, Beluca. He wants to thank the Lord Jesus Christ in the church uh, for God giving him another day. Amen. Happy birthday. God bless you. Amen. [Applause] Amen. I want to we want to remember those that are out. Like I said, uh there are those that are out vacationing and those that went to camp and and different places. I know brother Andrew and brother Tommy are in Louisiana working and and just many and and even our lost ones. Amen. I believe we live in the time where God is restoring and bringing everything together. We certainly can come into the house of God. I was just listening yesterday and I believe actually yeah last night and the prophet talked about just the effective prayers of the mother. You know he talked about Zakius how his wife prayed and all of the sudden Zakius heart was in you know he was not in peace anymore. I believe that that same God is the same God this morning. You we could pray this morning and whatever the case is he will go to work. Amen. and he will make sure that there will be now peace until they come back home because that's the promise he's given to us. Amen. Amen. And if you're having it upon your heart this morning, just lift your hand up to him. I mean, I don't care whether it's sickness, whether it's health, whatever it is, and finance, it's the same God this morning that's here. And he promised he will answer to every need of the believers when we come asking the brothers that are taking the offerings. If you could come this morning. Amen. Amen. Brother Jonathan, if you could just come and take these saints before the church, [Music] [Music] let us all pray. Gracious heavenly father, Lord God, it's a privilege, Lord God, for us to be here this morning, not only in fellowship, Lord God, with you, but in communion and fellowship around your word, Lord God, and the saints of God, heavenly father, Lord God, we've come with expectation, Lord God, this morning to draw a little closer, heavenly father, to you and Lord God, to make our wrongs right, heavenly Father, and draw strength, Lord God, from you. And heavenly father, Lord God, you have heard each request, Lord God, you've seen each need, Lord God, that's on each heart, Lord, and the uplifted hand. And there's a variety, Lord God, of situations, Lord God, as our brother indicated. Uh several folks are out and we're trusting, Lord God, for traveling grace and mercy and administering, Lord God, to each one. and but for those that are here, heavenly father, Lord God, we just know that the the word can deliver and set free and and heal and conquer and Lord God, just smooth our pathways, Lord God, to what you would have in store for us. And that's what we're asking for, Lord God, this morning. That's our expectation, Lord God, this morning. And I just pray there'd be a confirmation, Heavenly Father, Lord God, that will come through and uh raise our faith, Heavenly Father. and just love you so very much, Lord God, for all that you've done for us. And uh tithes and offerings, Lord God, that would be taken up, Lord God, this morning, Lord God. You know exactly, Lord God, how to direct it, Lord, and multiply it, Lord, for the upbuilding of your kingdom, heavenly father. And we just commit it all into your precious hands, the remainder of uh our song service, Lord God, this morning. We just want to commit this entire service, Lord. All that would be done. May it be done. Heavenly Father, for the upbuilding of your kingdom, we just love you, Lord God, this morning and commit these things to you. In the name of Jesus Christ, we ask and pray. Amen. In my knees, you pay the price for me. And through your love, I have been set free. Now I am not the same. You took my sin and shame and forever I will bless your holy name. Oh I adore you. I adore you. Lamb of God, my savior, prince of peace. I adore you. I adore you, Jesus. You mean all the world to me. I adore you, Lord. Oh, and you saw me, honey. You paid the price for me. And through your love, I have been set free. Now I am not the same. You took my sin and shame. Forever I will holy name. [Music] Oh I adore you. I adore you myior. Oh I adore you. I adore you. Oh, and lamb of God to me. I adore you, Lord. Hallelujah. You hold my every moment, Lord, and you come my rain. sea. [Music] Oh, and you walk with me. [Music] Oh, and he might receive. Oh, and I trust trust in you this morning. Oh, and I trust in you. [Music] I believe. I believe that you might believe. I believe you are. [Music] I believe. Oh, I believe. I believe. Oh, I believe. I believe. Oh, and your Lord glory. Oh, and Jesus, you're all. Let's all stand and sing it as we invite our pastor this morning. Oh, and you hold my [Music] Oh, and you come my way. Oh, you walk with me through fire. Oh, and I hear the mighty. [Music] Oh, and I trust in you. Oh Lord, I trust in you. I believe. I believe I believe I believe you are. [Applause] [Music] Lord, I believe. I believe you're my portion. I believe you're all for me. Jesus, you're all Amen. Let us pray. Our Father, that is so true. You are all I need. Oh, if we only knew what that meant. If we only could understand that you're watching over us like a good shepherd and that you promised us you would give us our heart's desire Lord and our desire is for your will Lord what the longing in our heart is to be filled with your spirit in your nature, Father, for somehow that we could overcome the flesh and be like you in this world and that our light could so shine that our good works would glorify our Father in heaven and that the world would know that you live. We just ask that you would bless us this morning, be with us and help us as we just share your word this morning. Father, our visitors that are amongst us this morning, Father, may they not be strangers to you this morning. Though they may not know me or may be the first time they've entered this building, Father, may they be acquainted with the life of your resurrection. May they be acquainted with you, Lord Jesus, as their personal savior. And may in the presence of your Holy Spirit, may they feel at home. And may they know they're part of that great universal body of the Lord Jesus, that they're a part of the resurrection that's to come. and and may they feel at home with your arms wrapped around them and your love surrounding them. May they know that though they're from some other place that you're ever present and you can answer their requests this morning because you're the same yesterday, today, and forever. Father, we're sorry for our sins. We're sorry for our shortcomings. We're sorry that we're not what we ought to be. But Lord, we know what we're not. We're not what we used to be either. And we're grateful for that. Continue to move us forward. We ask it in Jesus precious and wonderful name we pray. Amen. And amen. God bless you this morning. It's nice to be in the house of the Lord. I I know there's a a lot out. Um but um that's good everybody vacation time. So some people go, some people come. But I'm glad he's everywhere. Aren't you? That I think that's what's so beautiful. And uh so we um this last week um I I know they may announced it, but uh brother Greg St. Hillary passed away. And so we want to keep his wife Judy in prayer um as she goes through this time. And then also, Brother Joseph Frank lost his sister uh one of the twin sisters. She was here visiting with us and and I because she had pneumonia and she passed away. And so we want to remember their family in prayer. Uh we know they were believers. So alls they did was left this world for another world. And we're grateful for that this morning. So we we um uh want to this morning turn in our Bibles um to two scriptures. Uh they're very familiar scriptures. We read them uh quite often. Um and uh the one is founded in uh Romans 8 and 11 and I think most of us have uh that one memorized. Um but it it's absolutely a cornerstone scripture. And then we'll read in Revelations 17 and 18. It says, "But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth in you." And just to make this, I want you to understand that the resurrection isn't something apart from you, right? It's the spirit that is in you is resurrection. So we want to try to break down some old mental thinkings that have been put in us for years and years and years. you know, uh, a a lot of times people are taught things uh that aren't true and uh, you know, and uh, and then somebody has to come along and bring the truth and then you've got to make the decision between what you've heard and what you've heard. And so that's how um uh we're saying so a lot of people look at the resurrection as something that's coming. Okay? But if that spirit's in you, it will quicken you. So if I had a title this morning, I would call it resurrection before rapture. and and we'll explain that uh try to also let's read in uh the book of uh uh revelations the first chapter in the 17th and 18th verse book of revelations the first chapter and I always go up a verse you know my I just got that problem I start reading the Bible backwards. Uh because it's life whether you read it forwards or backwards, right? You can even read it sideways and it'll bless you. You know what I mean? You could read verse five and say, "And from Jesus Christ, who is faithful witness, the first begotten of the dead and the prince of kings of the earth. Let him that love us and washed us from our sins with his own blood. And then you could go over to the 13th verse and read that verse. And then you could go over to the second verse. I don't care how you read the Bible. It's food is life. So uh and this is John was speaking as he seen the vision of the Lord Jesus. And and he said and he said and he had in his hand seven stars and out of the mouth went a sharp two-edged sword and his countenance was as the sun shining in his strength. And when I saw him, I fell at his feet as dead. And he laid his hands upon me, saying, "Fear not. I am the first and the last. I am he that liveth and was dead, and behold, I am alive forever more. Amen. And have the keys of hell and of death." Gracious heavenly father, we ask you to bless your word in Jesus precious name we pray. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated this morning. I I'd like to this morning uh and uh um I I know it's hard because uh uh we have many different languages in the church and uh some uh speak English uh fluently, some it's their second language, some speak English in broken English and that that's just perfectly fine. Uh God doesn't listen to your voice as much as he listens to your heart. And if you So he he knows what's on the inside and he knows what your desire is and he knows what you lack. So, I know when we play sections of a sermon, I know for those of you maybe that have to listen through the interpreter, uh it's difficult, but I I'm a firm believer that the anointing is on the tapes. And and though you may not be able to understand it straight as it's spoken, I know that the spirit of God bears witness with your spirit. And uh I I've been in spiritfilled meetings where uh people were worshiping in languages I didn't know and and preaching in languages I didn't know. But I knew he was there and I knew that he was here and I felt at home. So I I pray that you feel a little at home today even though and and uh another thing I I know that uh we always have some people that are cold and we always have some people that are hot. And so I think we're going to try to raise the temperature a little bit in the future. And I I would rather be hot than cold. How many would rather be hot than cold? Well, that's the scripture. All right. So, we we certainly don't want any uh lukewarm believers, right? So, let's get on fire for the gospel. I'd like to read a few statements and so you can understand this morning. Um, so, um, I was going to title this sermon different, but I I I didn't want to make any disrespect, but um, you know, I was going to call this sermon, eat the cake, and it come to me. I was fellowshipping with Matt Thomasac and we were talking about and we've been preaching here for a while, right? We want to go forward, right? Isn't that another I I know where I'm at, but I want to go further down the road. I want to be uh I I want to be more filled with the spirit. I want to be more led by him. And I I want to have uh an uncction. Every believer should have a holy uncction in him. And and that uncction is what I believe the prophet of God is going to refer to as we listen to here as the spark of the believer. That the believer has got to have the spark. And I feel that and I I'll point this to myself. I feel that in order for me to go forward, um I I I'm going to have something that ignites me, something that moves me, something that stirs me up. Uh Peter preaching, he said, "Stir up their pure hearts by way of remembrance." In other words, bring them bring them to life and and that every minute would count. You know, when you're young, you think you got all the future in the world. Then one morning you slip out of bed and you step and one of your knees wobbles and and your back's aching and you you make it in there and you throw water on your face and you look in the mirror and all of a sudden you realize you're bald, you know, and uh uh you you realize you don't you go to open a bottle cap and you think, "Well, who in the world put this bottle cap on here?" You know, they they did that on purpose. You know what I mean? And and so now you run to the cupboard because you got this thing that you squeeze and open the bottle caps, you know, and uh and everything becomes more difficult, you know. Uh, I always like it when people call me because when when when uh they text me and I try to text back, it takes me 10 minutes to say a text because every time I type the thing changes my words. And so there's a lot of things, you know, that life life is passing by and when you come to a certain time, you realize you don't have all the time. You know what? I I mean, you know, uh and then you think, well, what am I going to do with the time that I've got left? You know, how am I going to put it to use? What am I going to do with my life? And and I think we all want to be that way. We want to know how can I live more for the Lord Jesus Christ and do something for the kingdom of God? Because we want to separate. There's believers that believe, but they're do nothings. You you know what I mean? And and if we we talk about separating from believer, make believer and unbeliever. Well, unbelievers, they don't want to do anything for the gospel. The makeel believer, he believes and and says, "I believe the gospel. I believe what's preached." But he does nothing. He's a do nothing. And then there's the believers and he's a doer because the scripture says be a a not only be a hearer of the word, the makebeliever, but be a doer of the word, the believer. And so I I I the works that I want to do are the works that he did. Is that right? And I can't do the works that he did. Only by him. I can do the works that he did. So it's really it's not us that wants to do the works. We want to be the vessels that he's dwelling in that he does the works by. And and so and I I believe that what his his motives and objectives have never changed. His purpose for coming has never changed. His purpose for resurrecting has never changed. And that's why he sent them out into the world and gave them a commission. He said, "Go into all the world and preach the gospel." So one now that commission uh people came and said, "Well, that was just for the disciples." But Peter said on the day of Pentecost and when they came out of the upper room fulfilled with the dude with power to carry out the commission the first thing they did is they came out and they begin to preach the gospel and everybody heard them in their own language. So there, if that was the case, then there had to been a lot of people sharing a lot of things. And he said, "These are not drunk as you suppose." But this was what was promised in the scriptures coming to pass. May I say this this morning? There's things that are in the scriptures that were promised for this day that are coming to pass. And the fulfillment of the promise was the spark. Yes, that's right. And so they the the the commission was to go out into the world and preach the gospel and then lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. If if if they put any deadly thing upon you, it will not harm you. Right? If men repent, they lay your hands on them, baptize them in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And you begin to understand that that's the church went out based on the fulfillment and the revelation of the fulfillment of a promise that what he said has happened. That's that's what that sparked him. Go wait. They went and waited. You will be endued with power from on high. The power came. So Peter walked out of there and he he simply said, "Silver and gold have we none, but that which we have, we give you." So Christianity has always been based upon the believer by the teaching of Jesus Christ to freely give what you freely received. Now if we would measure ourselves so many of us believe but we don't participate in the part of freely giving and that's because of fear and that's a hundred sermons right there. But we we want to come to the place where we can sit there. Okay, you had a plan for my life. You've given me a commission. You've endued me with power. Now I want to perform those things which are spoken. And the reason that I I said I was going to call it eat the cake because we've spent so much time preaching the recipe. You know what a recipe is? A cake recipe. Two eggs. You know what I mean? A half cup of oil. You You know what I mean? A one cup of cocoa, two cups of flour, one quarter cube of butter. I always put a full cube in, you know. I mean, just a some a little bit of baking soda. And you mix this together. And you add a little water and whip it up and you got a and you you got a cake. You got to bake the cake. Well, man's just been preaching the recipe. Okay, they they just keep preaching the recipe. You got to have the Holy Ghost. You You got to have two eggs. You've got to have oil. You've got to have water. You know, you got to heat the oven. You got to do this. Did you? And then we come to have to a sermon. Did you remember to preheat the oven for to to 325? Then we come back. Did you remember to grease the pan? Or are you going to use a glass pan? Are you going to use a tin pan? Are you going to use a round pan? Are you going to use a square pan? And we preach the recipe. We preach the recipe. We preach the recipe. And then people start tweaking the recipe. You know, add a little bit of vanilla. Add a little bit of cinnamon. Do a little bit of this. I found that this is works and I found that that works and and but but and so and then they they say you got to put it in heaven. But nobody eats the cake. Now the cake of the resurrection is the benefits of the resurrection. That's right. Okay. There's got to come a time in our lives where all of us, every single one of us knows we're called, knows we're elected, knows where we're children. You say, "Well, I've got sin." He forgave those sins. But he's faithful and just for you to to forgive your sins if you'll confess them before the Lord Jesus. If you wait upon the Lord, he will renew your strength. But you got to wait upon him. If you if you pray in your closet, he'll reward you openly. All these principles are all based on the fact that we can show and be endued with power and do the works that he did. That we can do those works also. And you've got to put your place. You can't sit there and say, "Well, I'm just a I'm just a sister." The scripture says there's neither male nor female, bond nor free, Jew or Greek, but we are all Christs and Christ is God's. So we we've got to quit eliminating ourselves out of the program. None of us should be uh No, I'm on a diet. You know that. I'm proud of myself. I've lost 33 pounds. You couldn't believe I was that big. But my closet told me I was that big. But we're not on a spiritual diet. We want to take the book and eat it. You know what I mean? We want everything that's ours. I don't want what's yours, but I want what's mine. I want everything that's mine. I want every promise in the book that's mine. I want I want everything that he has for me. And when I hear him say, "Fear not, little flock. It's the father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom." I want to sit back and say, "What is that? Am I interested in that? Am I hungry for that?" Or do you? We don't want what the world's got. The world's falling apart. It's gone mad. You know what I mean? People are promising things that that can't be happened. People always say they don't think things through. Anything that tickles their ear, I mean, can you imagine? You want to fill your church up? I I this one preacher, they ask him, he he's got a very gigantic church, you know, a mega church. They ask him, "How come you're so popular?" You know what his answer was? We don't preach against sin. Yeah. Well, I was a Catholic. We even had a better program. You could sin all you want, then Saturday, go tell the priest all your sins. He'd forgive you and you could start all over again. They never tried to get a sinless life. Well, you can't get a sinless life, but he gave you a promise, right? That I'll endure you with power and fire. I'll send my spirit on you. I'll become one with you. I'll fill you with my spirit and I will take the desire away from you to sin. Now, our flesh wars against the spirit and our flesh many times fails us. But when you go deep down inside, if you've ever sinned, that voice on the inside of you starts begging for forgiveness and you want to move forward in the kingdom of God. So we, if I could say this, we don't need to deal with the recipe anymore. The cake has been baked. It was baked at Calvary and baked at the resurrection. If I could, and I I I know it's just an analysis and with no disrespect, but when the Lord come forth from the the the grave, every benefit of that resurrection was for the believer. And the church has got to take those benefits and start living by them. You've got to start bringing the supernatural into your life. You've got to start participating in supernatural. You've got to start using faith to mold and change the events in your life. And the reason I say that is is that we're gonna listen to this message that is 22 minutes of this sermon that it's the participation in the benefits of the resurrection. It's the living and participation of that power of the supernatural in your life. Not just running when you have an emergency. You understand? Not just getting desperate and doing, but when you can start living by the faith and power of the life of Christ in you, you've now been resurrected from unbelief. And that spirit is living in you. And that's what resurrects you and changes you. It's not living by the rules and then waiting for an event of the rapture. It's resurrecting first with quickening resurrected power. Living in that power, living in that light, living by that word, becoming in a union, an invisible union with the heavenly bridegroom and the earthly bride, you becoming one. So you you you you it's not two compartments in your mind. It's not your religious life and your church life and your worldly life. It's not what you believe and what you do. It becomes your all in all. And you know that you're not living by your own strength and your own might. That Jesus isn't on call. He's not like a doctor or or an ambulance, you know, you they're waiting at the firehouse, you know, and you pick up your phone and you dial 911 and they come running to you. Uh-uh. You have it. You He's living in your house. He's living with you on your job. He's He's every place you go. You're one with him. You're walking with him. You know that that resurrection is a possession that is in you. Now I would love to get rid of the mind battle, but you've got to fight the mind battle by reading your Bible and by praying. It doesn't hurt to fast a little. It doesn't hurt to to give some time. It doesn't hurt to get into his presence and until everything's melted away and you can just look into his face and feel his glory. But we we've got to start drawing the line understanding that we are getting very very close to the end. Why would one country go try to destroy another country's ability to have a nuclear bomb? You know why? Because it's prophesied that somebody's going to blow this place up. And you know, I got a different theory, just me. But if you stop everybody else from blowing it up, you're probably the one that's going to blow it up. No, we don't live by fear. We've got a way of escape, right? It's him. It's his word. We've got to get in the ark. We've got to get in the resurrection. I am the resurrection and the life. He that believeth on me shall never die. I am the resurrection. If you and the resurrection are one, then you are the resurrection. And therefore, if you understand what I'm saying, I'm not trying to make a doctrinal statement. I'm trying to put within you an understanding that you've got to resurrect now in order to rapture. You've got to be in the resurrection. In order to rapture, and you've got to make that commitment in your heart, your mind, and your life as an individual. I I I don't know all your circumstances. I would love to know you all better. When the prophet of God said, "I'd love to go home with each and every one of you." I know what he means by that. A lot of you, I shake your hand and I I don't you you know, I don't always know faces very well and and and but I want you to know I love you and I appreciate you. But you've got, it's an individual affair. You've got to decide. I don't care if you're 13 years old this morning or or 10 years old. You can decide right now. I'm going to live my life for the gospel. I am going to get into the resurrection. I am going to get into his presence. I'm going to get into his thinking. I'm going to let this mind that was in Christ be in me. I'm going to look upon the needs of every other person other than myself. I'm going to be a doer of the word of God. I'm going to lay for myself a pattern of good works that'll glorify my father in heaven. I'm going to let my light shine. And we've got to move from do nothing. I know you believe. You've all got the recipe, but you got to eat the cake. All the benefits of the resurrection are there. You don't need to change the recipe. The recipe is repent, be baptized, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost because this promise is to you. and to your children and your children and children, as many as those that are far off, as many as our Lord our God shall call. It's just a decision that you've got to make and you can't let time just keep going by. Cuz it's running out. The sand dial has been turned over. The grains are moving through. The hour's come. It's happening. You say, "Well, it what happen?" You don't know when your number's being called. The scripture says, "Oh fool, thy soul might be required of you this day." So, it it's time to be sober. So before we listen this morning, I wanted to lay just a little understanding to you of what that I that I don't know how to say this, but when we play this, I I want you to listen to what that he's saying about the spark. work about the mechanics, about the dynamics, about how we've put all this time into the recipe. You know what I mean? But we need something that takes us to that next level. I want you to listen to how he says what that was was Luke 17:30, Revelations 10:7. Won't you understand about the sheath wave offering how it had to be waved over the people and he and he and so I'd like to just read be and we're going to listen if you have um some of you I know have phones and tablets and things but we're going to start at paragraph 72 we're only going to listen to 22 minutes so it's not overbearing but I'd like just to read a few statements ahead of time. He said, and he he says this, he says in paragraph 46, he says, "But the real seal had been broken, and one who once lived as we live died as we die and risen from the dead." What a mourning. every one like it in all the history of the world. The secret was made known that he was both resurrection and the life. So he's resurrection and life. Okay? So you can't have the life without having the resurrection. You can't have the resurrection without the life. You've got to have the life before the rapture. Okay? You understand the approach that we're taking this morning? He says, he said, when he comes forth on the that morning, because I live, you live also. Not only was he the beneficiary of the resurrection, but all those seeds that was resting in God's great promise was the benefactor of that resurrection to life because he said because I live ye shall live also. That was the breaking of the seal. Because he was brought up, so will everyone that's in Christ be brought up with him. Where do you have to be? You have to be in the resurrection and life. So remember, resurrection and life before rapture. So, you can't sit back and live any way you want and then wait for the day the rapture comes. Like, it's an event on the calendar. The rapture is a condition. You say, "Well, if Brother McGary dies, I'd rather have you preach my resurrection and my rapture than my death." Oh, Brother McGary's body was changed. This is the old coat laying there. It just it wasn't very good-looking anyway. But now he's got a new one because he had resurrection. He had life. And he didn't taste the second death. We don't sorrow as others do that have no hope. But our hope isn't future. Our hope is resurrection now and life now. And then he says here he says, "And he come to redeem or to bring to life." That's paragraph 59. Bring to life those predestinated seed that God seen before the foundation of the world and put their names on the book of life. So what does he come to do? To bring you to life. What does resurrection mean? It means to be brought from death unto life. We were dead in sins and trespasses. But by the blood of Jesus Christ and the power of the resurrection that now the same spirit that raised him from the dead, he now places that spirit in you. But you can't say you have it if you're not living by it. Now, I'm preaching that myself this morning because I got a lot of changes to make in my life. A lot of changes about my attitude. A lot of changes about my thinking. A lot about changes about how I spend my time. The lot of changes about what I think about. A lot of changes about what I watch. A lot of changes about what I listen to. But praise God. Isn't that what resurrection is about? It's about change. We don't have to remain in the condition we're in. God is unchanging. And that unchanging God changes us into the image of his only begotten son. The question is, is that what you want? You can't come to church and just think you're fulfilling your Sunday obligation. You got to have a greater desire for life than that. A greater desire for power than that. You want to live by the power of the resurrection. You want the power of the resurrection to control the job site. You want the power of the resurrection to control your home. You want the power of the resurrection to control how you live. You know, in the whole tape, modern events made clear by prophecy. Not once was he talking about politics. It was always about moral condition and the thinking and the direction that the world was in and how those vent events were made clear by Malachi 4:5, Luke 17:30 and Revelations 10:7. Just depends on how serious you want to get. and that that it's just got to work. I'm not here to condemn you. I'm here to encourage you. He said, whose names are in the book of life and here they are on the earth without a hope. And he come not only to be a blessing but to share the blessing with every predestinated seed. Now if the seed wasn't on the earth, it could not live. It had to be on the earth and also germinized. No matter how long it kept in darkness, it'll come forth when the sen shines upon it. Now notice, he came to share it with us. You understand it? It's there to be shared. So we can eat that. That's right. We can take that. It's ours. The same power that resurrected Jesus Christ has been placed in your hands. That you can take that power and model your life in the footsteps of Jesus Christ. As he is, so are we in this world. That's your inheritance. I had to wait till my parents passed away to get my inheritance. I don't have to wait for an inheritance now. I can sit in heavenly places with Christ Jesus right now. I can become a new creature in Christ Jesus right now. I can grow to a farther level than I am right now. I can go forward for where I am right now. I'm not going to set up camp. I want to move. You can move. It's your promise. It's not mine to preach. It's yours to accept. Came to share it with us. Paragraph 63 and 64. Now if there is another gospel as Paul spoke to one of the groups I am so surprised that you've turned to another gospel which there is no other but a makebelieve gospel to a denominational fiction turning from the good news because I live you live also and I have and I live in you and the works that I do. John 14:12. The works that I do will identify myself in you. The works that I do will identify myself in you. So you understand there's no resurrection, there's no rapture without participating in the ren resurrection and the benefits thereof, you're fooling yourself. We're fooling ourselves. If you're going to sit here and say, "I believe in Malachi 4:5. I believe Luke 17:30. I believe in Revelations 10:7. I believe in baptism and name Lord Jesus. I believe all these things. And there's no evidence by works that he's living in you. You don't don't sit there and say, "Oh, I'm I'm doomed." No, you're not. Why starve to death when the cake's been baked? Eat it. Eat it. Come take a piece of it. Come try it. Come participate in it. Take a promise and apply it. Look up and say, "Lord, you promised this. I'm believing it." Watch him bring it to pass. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And he's alive forever more. No wonder our prophet told he said the sickest thing is the church. Why? They're living so far below their privileges. He said if you took all the water and all the world and put it in one little pipe, he said that pressure is how much God wants to bless you. And just don't believe for yourself, believe for other people. I'll get sidetracked on that. He said, he said, "I will do myself identifying you." What a message. No wonder we've had a dark world of theology. But in the evening time, there shall come light again. There will be a resurrection in the evening time. It shall be light at the evening time. Can you imagine there is a people Yes, sir. And you're going to hear him say this in just a few minutes. That is going to recognize that power because there was a sheath offering waved over the people that let them know that power was present and that they were going to mature into that power. We want to move forward. Yes, sir. But where do we want to move forward? We don't want to move forward into better explanations of the recipe. We don't want to move forward into different ways that we can cook it. We want to move forward into eating it. Taking the promise. Is that correct? By these great and exceeding precious promises, we are partakers of divine nature. By the promises, we are partakers of resurrection, divine nature, Holy Spirit. If the spirit that was in Jesus Christ dwell in you, it'll quicken your mortal body's resurrection before rapture. I trust this morning that when we listen that you will see what he's talking about. Help. This ministry came to spark you so you can live by the life by the quickening power of the life of the gospel. Folk, it's 11:30. We'll listen to 22 minutes and try to close. Do you love the Lord? I hope I don't sound like I'm yelling. But my mother told me, she said, "You'd be a pretty good preacher if you didn't yell." I just said, "Mom, that's why I couldn't be a priest. They don't yell enough for me." Yeah, I was I was going to be a priest. I like the I just chose the priesthood of Mechisedc instead of the priesthood of Rome. That's all. Amen. You love the Lord this morning. How many wants to go in the rapture? You want to go in the rapture? Get in the resurrection. I I know some of you are facing a lot of financials. You're facing a lot of difficult. You're facing a lot of decisions. But don't forget the footsteps of the righteous are ordered by the Lord. Shadrach, Meshack, Abednego. No matter how dark it was, they didn't go into that fire. They didn't yoke themselves with unbelievers. They didn't compromise. They said, "Oh king, live forever." But we will not bow down to that idol. Oh boss, oh everybody live forever. But I am not going to bow down to the pressures of this world. I'm going to let the divine power of the resurrection deliver me from every sickness, from every situation, from everything. I'm going to rely on Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever that I'll be able to stand my ground and that I can become an overcomer. If you're backslid this morning, stop. Leave those things which are behind behind. You don't have to go refix it. If you've stole, the scripture says, "Seal no more, but work with your hands that you might give." Don't start dwelling in the past. You just dwell in what the power is that can transform you and invite that power into your life this morning and you will live. God bless you. If you have your books or your phones or if if you tablets or whatever you want, you can read it on the board. 22 minutes. Just pay attention. I I I trust you believe. If I could offer you anything better this morning, church, I'd do it. But you have to understand I I believe in Malachi 4:5. I believe the Bible in this day promised that the spirit of Elijah before the great and dreadful day of the Lord would come again and that he would turn our hearts, not our minds, not the recipe, but he would turn our hearts back to the faith of our fathers. And that faith was the works that he did we shall do. Also, I don't want to make it up. I don't want to try to produce it. I want to bear it. I want it to become my nature. I want to live by the promises of God. Pray for me. I have a long ways to go and I have the devil is not not a friend of mine. He don't like me and I don't like him and we don't get along and he keeps knocking me down and tripping me and setting snares for me. But I have one promise. Amen. That the Lord my God will deliver me out of every trial. Amen. You believe this morning? If you believe, you can have what you ask you. God bless you. If if you have any questions about when I mention the name of brother Brandham or I talk about Malachi 4:5 and you're a visitor, I would love to share with you the Bible and every promise that's in the Bible for our day that Yeah. We're not building arcs, are we? No. We're building and entering into a resurrection for a rapture. God bless you as you listen. 22 minutes. That's all. I understand. He proves what he said because they are a part of that seed that was represented on the book of life that he came to receive back to God again. Oh, what a message. Easter morning. Not only did he raise, but his beneficiaries raised with him. They were in Christ at his crucifixion. They were in him at his resurrection. We are his beneficials. Quicken after being dead in darkness, the darkened world of unbelief where churches and denominations and so forth have drawn us out. And there's something in us calling, "Oh, we want God. We're hungry and thirsting for God. We joined the Methodist, Baptist, Pentecostal, Presbyterians. And what Lord, still there was something wrong. We just couldn't find it yet. And all of a sudden, while we was groping in darkness, the great resurrection came to us in the manifestation of the promised word of God. Like he was the manifestation of the promised word of God. I will not be a soul in hell. Neither will I suffer my holy one to see corruption. He manifested in every word of God that was promised to him. He proved it when he raised on the Easter morning. Now them who were once groping in darkness and wandering around if they should wash feet on this day or if they should keep a certain day or do a certain set of rules, all those things passed away. For that was a glorious resurrection that defied every manmade thing that man had ever done, every man-made reason. There had never been to that time a man that could lay his life down and pick it up again. He defied that scientific proof they had by raising again. They say that Jesus Christ isn't the same yesterday, today, and forever. That his power isn't the same. That his gospel isn't the same. When the Bible says it the same, God defied every denomination, ever creed and he moved forth with his holy spirit as he promised and proved it to us that he is alive. We are the benefactors of his resurrection. Quicken after being dead in the world in sin and trespasses, he has quickened us together with him. raised with him now sitting in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. His bra his spirit brings his same life again on the earth. If the spirit of God that raised up Christ the body, the anointed body, if the spirit of God anointed that body in such a way that when that seed fell into the earth, he just wouldn't let him rest there. No, no. He quickened him and raised him up. That same spirit by the same works, by the same power, by the same signs be in you, he'll also raise you up. I'd like to read a little scripture here for you. I'd like for you to turn to another scripture I got wrote down here. It might help you a little. It's found in the book of Leviticus, the 23rd chapter, the 9th to the 11th verse. Listen close in the law, Levitical law, God speaking to Moses. Listen, all these things are types now. And we'll stop here for a few moments to get into this type. And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, "Speak unto the children of Israel, and say unto them, when you come into the land which I give unto you, unto the place of position that I have given unto you." Now you speak to the children of Israel that when you get to this certain place that I've promised, I take you when you get there in this land, now speaking natural here, type in the spiritual and shall reap the harvest thereof, you have received what I told you thereof. Then you shall bring a sheep of the first fruits of your harvest unto the priest, and he shall wave the sheep before the Lord to be accepted for you. On the tomorrow after the Sabbath, the priest shall wave it. If there would be any holy ritual, it should come forth on the Sabbath day, which was the seventh day of the week, which is Saturday. But did you notice in this memorial they wave it on the first day of those days the sheep which was the first of your seed that you planted when it comes up and ripens you cut down this sheet and take it to the priest and let him take it and wave it before the Lord. Lord, for your acception that you are accepted, you have come with your sheep and he's to wave it before the Lord on not on the Sabbath, the seventh day, but on the first day, which we call Sunday, su n a y. Of course, that's a a Roman uh word, which they called it the Sunday for the son god. But how it is changed is not s u n anymore. It's the f o n d a y. The Sunday that that carnal week, God's first one up from the dead is to be waved over the congregation that we are his seed. And that's the first of the seed of those that slept, waved upon the first day of the week on Sunday. He raised up, waved goodbye, and ascended up on high in the presence of the people. Notice, it was the first corn of God's wheat that had been raised from the dead. God's first corner wheat by God's quickening power. God had quickened his life, raised him up from the dead, and he was the first fruits of those that slept, the first fruits. He was that sheep. That's why they had to wade that sheep. Or it was the first one that come to maturity. And it was waved as a memorial of thanksgiving to God, believing that the rest of them would come. It was a sign. And today, because he was the first son of God to come to full maturity to be in God, he was plucked up from the earth and is waved over the people. Oh, what a glorious lesson by the quickening power. The first one, although it been tied in many times, and we'll see later, he was tied. But this is really the first fruits of them that slept. He was waved over the promised seed that had promise of life. He was waved at the day of Pentecost when there came a sound from heaven like a waving mighty rushing wind and was waved over the people, the Pentecostal people that was up at Pentecost waiting for uh the blessing to come and to be waved. Again, we realize in the last days according to Luke 17:30, in the Sunday again, in the days that the S o n of man will be revealed or waved again over the people. Now, who is the son of man? In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God and the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. Amen. And of all the teaching that we have and confirmation of the word of God by word of God by signs by wonders, we see today that in the book of of Luke here as we just quoted from the Luke the 17th chapter and the 30th verse and Malachi 4 in the different scriptures that we are acquainted with that that word again is waved over the people that the dead traditions The man is dead and the son of God stop is alive again with the baptism of the Holy Spirit right among us and giving us lifeal as Christ was the first one to raise from all the prophets and so forth all those types in many places he was the first fruits of those that slept in the bride coming of Christ coming out of the church there'll have to be a sheep waved again the lazy. Oh my waving of the sheep. What was the sheep? The first one that come to mature. The first one that proved it was a wheat. That proved it was a sheep. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm sure you see what I'm talking about. Hallelujah. It was waved over the people. And the first time there will come forth for the bride age or a resurrection out of dark denominationalism will be a message that the full maturity of the word has turned back again in its full power and being waved over the people by the same signs and wonders that he did that day. All right. Because I live, ye live also. Speaking to his wife, because I live, ye live also. What a resurrection that that was. And what a resurrection this is. Amen. To be quickened from the dead, to be made alive in Christ Jesus by God's quickening power. He was waved to them. the word which he was was waved back to him on the day of Pentecost. The word made manifest now and is to be waved again in the last days. Now, for instance, you say, "Well, wait a minute, brother. I know a church that Well, I do too. But now, for instance, what if if we were going to go back to Tucson this afternoon? now. And each one of us had a was going to go in a a big Cadillac, brand new. And all of the seats were made out of dough skin, softest of the leather, soft and easy to sit in. And the floorboard were plush. The steering wheel were nickel plated and had diamond studs all over it. And the engine was mechanically tested to be exactly the right engine. And the wheels were all had bearings and greased up. And the tires were all puncturep proof and blowout free. They all been tested scientifically. They've been pushed off the assembly line. Both of them. And both of them filled up with gasoline. That's the running power. the gasoline because in it is the octane. But now when you go to start them, although both of them look just alike, but there's one of them don't have any spark, any firing power. Well, you say the power is in the gasoline, brother. But I don't care how much power is in the gasoline, unless there's a spark there to manifest that power. Unless there's a power there to confirm the death gasoline, it just might as well be water. until no matter how much theologians claim, how well you got your church set, how much education you got, how much like the Bible, until that wave sheath, until the Holy Spirit comes upon that person to quicken that word. The gasoline represents the word. It's the truth. But without the spirit, it won't move. We put too much stress on the mechanics and nothing on the dynamics. It needs the dynamic power of God, the resurrection power of Jesus Christ upon the church to manifest and to bring to pass that this is gasoline. It might be in a gasoline can. It could still be water. See, but the only proof of it is put the life on it and it'll prove work. And when you try to put the Holy Spirit in a denomination, you're as much as you get a splatter. You ruin your engine by getting it full of carbon. But oh, I'm so glad that there is a 10,5 power, the word of God and a Holy Ghost to light it up and to resurrect the power of God into a man's life or a woman's life or into a church that shoved that Cadillac down the road down or the dynamic power of the Holy Ghost which came back to its wave over the people at the day of Pentecost. making him the same yesterday, today, and forever. There was the first sheep come up from all the prophets, which was the son of God, the king of all prophets. There's been churches, churches, brides, brides, churches, brides, brides. But there's got to come one. Hallelujah. There has to come a real bride. There must come one that's not only got the mechanics, but the dynamics of it. Hallelujah. make that church live in the power of his resurrection. Until we come to that place, until we find that place, what good does it do to polish the hugs? What good does it do to give her a facelift or a sign in our job? When there's no dynamics in it, no matter how much the mechanics prove to be right, there's got to be a dynamic to make it work. That's what he proved. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. That's what proved. He wasn't only the word, but he was God himself. the dynamics in the word that made the body of Jesus Christ whole stiff and dead in the grave shaken to life and rise again and roll away the I am he that was dead so dead till the sun said he was dead the moon said he was dead the stars said he was dead all nature said he was dead now the whole world has to recognize that he's alive again He was not only the mechanics God's word, he was a dynamics to prove it. And as he being the groove, the bride has to come forth because it's part of him. And it can only be the manifestation of the fulfilling of all the revelations and the others that spoke of the bride. It can only manifest if it does something different from the groom. It isn't the bride because she's flesh of his flesh, bone of his bone, life of his life, power of his power. She is him as man and woman are one and woman taken from his side. She and taking his spirit, the feminine, his spirit coming, the flesh from his side made both mechanics and dynamics. the wife, the spirit of him and the flesh of him and put it together and made mechanics and dynamics until the church or the people all these Easter bunnies and chivalries and big churches and finally will fail and pass away until that church become both dynamics and mechanics and the spirit of God that moved him to do the things that he did. If he hit on 16 cylinders, so world [Music] in John 14:12, he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall see you also. [Music] Amen. I'll give him a charge of my dynamics and his mechanics that the world will not be able to withstand it and I'll raise him up again at the last city. Hallelujah. That's the Easter. The dynamics and the mechanics together. The mechanics without the dynamics. No good. Neither is the dynamics without the mechanics. You can scream and shout and jump up and down all you want to and deny this word. Amen. Amen. It won't do any good. You're just cranking around the pistings of got sparked out of fire and no old gas fire. Amen. It'll only work as they come together. Amen. So, one will sit still and the other will go up. That's the only thing there is to it. Yes, they both might look alike, both claim to be churches, both claim to be brides, but one has mechanics and dynamics. It brings it to pass. But what he said is the truth. It just won't move. No matter how good the mechanics is, until the dynamic comes. When a dynamic comes, that bar is made to connect with that octane and the gasoline. And when that explosion that causes a combustion and that combustion moves, every emotion, every move for he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. That's the resurrection. That's the real power of God. Mechanic with the dynamics. Notice it's the spirit that quickens. It's the It's the spark that fires. It's not the gas that fires. It's the spark that fires the gas. See, you can do nothing without me. But with me, you can do all things. As he is the word, is the father living father sent me, so stand I. As the father has fired me and pushed me into everything, I do only that which is pleasing to God. Now, as he sent me, so stand you. was the same mechanics and it takes the same dynamics to operate it and these signs shall follow them that claim to have the mechanics. The dynamics will take its place. Paul said the gospel came to us not word only, through gasoline only, but through spark also to make it move. There you are. It came to us in that manner. It's the same spirit that raised him up that quickened the true believer to eternal life. I remember potentially now watch as we are getting out of our time. Notice the same spirit. Now, Romans 8:1, let's just read that again in Romans uh 8:1. And we'll see what that says. Um all right. And not Romans I mean 8:11, I'm sorry. And Romans 8:11. But if there's a problem, there's this text. But if the spirit of him, God, the Holy Spirit that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you. Oh, there you are. If the bridegroom spirit dwells in the bride, you all have this message. If you don't have this message, we'll certainly get you a copy that you can listen to it. Uh there's there's so many avenues and things to be brought out, but just to stay on my theme this morning. I mean, uh you he he makes this statement. I think you just uh heard it like in a paragraph um 106. He says, "But oh my, I'm so glad that there's a 10,000 octane power, the word of God, the Holy Ghost, to light it up and resurrect the power of God into a man's life and a woman's life." to resurrect the power of God into a man's life and a woman's life. So it's it's like we know there's a rapture coming. You understand that? That's what we live for. I mean, we I know the world thinks we're crazy. If you would sit down and talk to somebody and say, "I believe one day that I'm going to be in about my father's business, right? and I'm going to be changed. Well, we know that if God does one thing, he does the same thing every time. Is that right? So, what was Enoch doing? Enoch was walking in the word of God and he was changed. What was Moses doing? Walking in the word of God and he was changed. What was Elijah doing? walking in the word of God and he was chained. So the pattern of the rapture was already laid out and it was people right then the ultimate rapture of course was the Lord Jesus rising from the dead and being taken up. So he says to him, he says, "Go be endued with power from on high and as you see me go, will I come again?" So now he sees the believer the patterns there that before the believer is raptured or changed he gets in the life. So he he I mean there's several statements uh I I was trying to mark them all down as I as I went uh because he keeps referring to it over and over again as this is the resurrection. He says this he says what a resurrection that was. What a resurrection this is. So it's present tense. So in other words, what the resurrection was was the manifestation of the power that was in Christ Jesus. Its ability to overcome death, hell, and the grave. So he's saying that and what he had in him to overcome death, hell, and the grave, he now makes you the beneficiary of it. So cuz so then if that spirit's in you, it will quicken your mortal body. That's right. Oh my I could there's so much you could go on and on, but we just wanted to leave it here this morning just to uh and then he makes this statement I believe again in uh paragraph uh 16. I think I I wrote it down here. He said uh uh he says it just won't move no matter how good the mechanics is until the dynamic comes. So the church world no matter how good it was until Malachi 4:5, Luke 17:30, and Revelations 10:7 came. Okay. The believer just sat there with their tank filled. They had worked on the mechanics getting the church in order. They had worked on on getting filled with the spirit. They which is the gasoline. But there was nothing that came that made it so alive to the believer till they realized that they could also be participators in it and not spectators. You see, but when the spirit of God came according to the Bible promises and and now he identified himself as the son of man by standing in front of the people veiled in a human being doing the same works he did 2,000 years ago discerning the thoughts and intents of the heart telling people who they where they came from, what was wrong with them, turning his back to the audience just like he did with Sarah, talking to the church, woman being representing the church just like he did at the woman at the well. Every sign and wonder, the same ministry re-impersonated again in our day to prove that he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He didn't do that just to do that. That was given to the elected seed whose name was written on the lamb's book of life to resurrect them and spark them into action. But if you don't believe it, you begin to look for something else. That's what he gave the church to be able to see what was promised coming to pass and know it was the word and to know because that came to pass. Every promise in the book is mine. And he goes to say he he he says it here. He said, he says, "And when it explodes, it causes the combustion, and the combustion moves every motion, every move." And he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. That's the resurrection. The real power of God mechanics with the dynamics. Nothing could make it work. Now the question is when you see this picture of the pillar of fire, it it's it's not so much the picture, but it's the identification of a biblical promise that came to pass in our day. when you saw the discernment and you just saw the things that Trent You saw the Do we have that picture? I'm sorry. I walking around in circles. I didn't know if we had the picture of the cloud in the in the building. I know it's in the forer, but he said, remember last week when that vapor 30 miles high above the sky, when we see these things coming to pass, we know where we are, right? recognize the day and the message. So, we say we know where we are. We always say the end time, but I'm telling you, it's not the fact that we're at the end time. There's other signs that tell us we're at the end time. Sodom and Gamora. This is a sign to us that we can move into the resurrection power. Not just to have services and incidences of praying for the people. The church always had that. I'm talking about the believer now can walk into an overcoming life and know that they've got the power in them to overcome every sin and every devil. Lay down our depressions. Lay down our fears. laid down our doubts. He's proved us and sparked us that this is ours to lay a hold of. It's not just the end time, but it's a time for the believer to move into faith. Faith for your children, faith for your health, faith for that which is seemingly impossible. to move into a new realm of life and life everlasting. Do you love him this morning? Lord, richly bless you. I think that that you kind of understand what I'm saying is it's time for us to resurrect in Christ Jesus. You love them. Musicians come this morning, Billy Bill. I know you're certainly I appreciate the applaud, but you got to remember we wouldn't be nothing without this message. There's so many of us ministers, so many people that have benefited from what God did in this day and they don't really put the credit where the credit's due. I mean, just the I mean, I can't I mean, just a I mean, if I just showed you my my message, my book, it's just like page after page just, you know, and I I just I I I just go through it and through it. I just can't It's just so unbelievable. So, I I finally told myself, I'm going to go back and start reading the paragraphs I don't have marked because there's got to be something in there I missed. It's life, church. Eat it. Listen to it. It it'll it it'll do more for you than you can believe. And you have more power in you. Everything that was needed was put in the seed. God put in you everything that you need. So I just trust this morning that that you may be tired. You may be weary. You may look at all your shortcomings, but I want you to know this morning that there's a God that can overcome your shortcomings. There's a God that can overcome your fear. You know, if you've been faithful in giving your tithing and your offering, God promised you you wouldn't beg bread. If you haven't been so faithful in that, that might be a lot of what your problems are. Just go back to the ABCs. Go back to the basics. Read your Bible. Pray. Lay for yourself a pattern of good works. Be a Christian. Watch your life bloom. Watch the joy of the Lord. Hold no malice or no hate towards any man. Forgive them that despitefully use you. Turn the other cheek. If someone compels you to go a mile, go twain. Don't be worried about the problem when you've got the problem solver. Cast all your cares upon him, for he carth for you. Fear not, little flock is the father's good pleasure. I go to prepare a place for you, cuz in my father's house are many mansions. If it were not true, I would not tell you. And if I go to play prepare a place for you, I'll come again that you may be where I am also. I'm tired of living like the world. Aren't you, Lord? Let me get resurrected into the resurrection. Resurrection before rapture. Grant, what are you playing? There is a blood. God bless you. Let's stand. That caused the life that paid. [Music] And when it flowed down from the cross, my sins were my [Music] think of it. [Music] his precious blood that gave me [Music] in three days he breathed again. Hallelujah. Can you hear that? mighty. Oh, I come to tell you he's alive. to tell you that he never. [Applause] So I come to tell you that he sings to shout and to procla that is coming back for you. There is a blood that size [Music] the glory. He has the power to free the land. Hallelujah. So pour it out. Oh, that you this morning pour it out on me, Lord. My soul. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. Let that liquid glory flow glory because it is to make me whole. I owe my life. I [Music] tell you, tell you that. Oh, you have a cheer this morning. So I come to tell you that he say to shine and that is coming back. [Music] If you need prayer this morning, we're happy to pray for you. If you've never been baptized according to the Bible, not just put in water, but to the formula, repent every one of you, and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. If you haven't ever been baptized in Christian baptism, the pool is ready this morning for you to be baptized. If you're sick and body and you need a divine touch, now I don't mean this morning if you're just, oh, I need to be a better Christian. You, that gets taken care of in your closet. That gets taken care of at your altar. But I mean, if you have a need, a sickness in your body that you need God to help you or a situation, we'd be happy to pray with you this morning. Do you believe God hears prayer? It's not my prayer, it's your prayer. It's not my faith, it's our faith. We're a body and the body takes care of the needs of the other. So, if you need him this morning, we want to offer that opportunity. I hope no one's sick. I hope nobody needs deliverance. I trust that you're all baptized and waiting for the spirit of God to continue to move in your life. God bless you this morning. [Music] On the hills far away. Oh, stood alone like a cross. Oh, the amble free and shame. Oh my go [Music] for the world of cross such [Music] All right. [Music] Oh, and my trophies. [Music] Oh, and I will cling to the heart. Oh, can it change [Music] for the ground? Oh, and all by Oh, and so this by the word as a [Music] for me. Oh, for the king of power. Oh, and let his glory come to [Music] my cal. [Music] until my All the last night. Oh, and I will take to the Oh, [Music] that is exly. [Music] We found a wonder I see. Oh to was that cross. Oh Jesus turn [Music] me [Music] Oh go [Music] [Music] to the all. Hallelujah. And exchange something for sing [Music] this morning [Music] be true. Holy shame and most gladly. [Music] Oh, [Applause] to my heart where his glory [Music] is be all [Music] until my last. [Music] Oh, I was to the right. [Music] and exchange it for. Amen. Brother Gary, if you could just come and dismiss us this morning. [Music] Let's bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, we just come before you once again this morning, Lord. Just thankful, Father, that the words of eternal life have gone out, Lord, this morning. That we could step into your resurrection that you've called us to, Lord God. Father, that we are a part of it before the foundation of the world, Lord God. That our names were written on the Lamb's book of life, Lord. You predestinated us to us to this, Lord God. May we just be partakers of divine nature, Lord, and go out and live this purpose that you've called us to, Lord. Lord, even in myself, Lord, I'm just ashamed of the time that I waste, Lord, on the things that are not of you, Lord. God, I just ask that you would help me to overcome those things, Lord, to seek your face and to have a purpose, Lord, in my life to do what you called me to do, Lord. Whatever that is, Lord, I ask that you would bless me and bless these wonderful people that have come out to the house of God today that Lord, whatever affliction, whatever trial, whatever thing that is in their life, Lord God, there be anything that stunt stunting them, Lord, you just said, Father, you would move heaven and earth, Lord God, for one soul. Lord, we just ask that you'd bless us, Lord. May we come back out to the house of God this evening, Lord, with an expectation that you're moving, Lord God, and that you're going to touch us and use us, Lord God, and deliver us and that we can win our family members, Lord God. And Lord, have a real impact and a real change, Lord God. And we just love you, Lord. and we want to be a vessel that you use and are pleased with, Lord God, that we find favor with you, Lord, and and can feel your presence, Lord. Lord, we just love you. We thank you for this day. We ask that you'd be with us as we go. Keep us safe. We love you and we thank you. In Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you while I dismiss this morning. The splendor of the king. Oh, I call in majesty. [Music] Oh, I let all the earth rejo. [Music] Oh, and he wraps him. Oh, and God tries so high. Oh, and it trembles at his voice. Trembles that is. Oh, and how great how great. Oh, and sing with me. How great. Oh, and all see how great. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, what age? [Music] Oh, and time is in his hand. Oh, beginning and the end. Oh, beginning and the end. Oh, the [Music] father. [Music] Oh mighty lamb. Oh mighty great [Music] sing. Oh see how great. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, and is the name above. Oh, you are worthy of praise. Oh, my heart will sing. The way he is our God. [Music] Oh, sing with me. [Music] Oh, I will sing. [Music] My great. [Music] [Music] [Music] Hey. [Music] We don't want [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hey. Hey. Hey. [Music]
