################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-23 - [2025-03-23am] What Is The Message  Br. Bill Ivy - Bill Ivy.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-23
Title:    [2025-03-23am] What Is The Message? | Br. Bill Ivy
Speaker:  Bill Ivy
Church:   Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 36m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1DmTH07w3fA
========================================

Description:
What Is The Message?
Br. Bill Ivy
Sunday Morning Service
March 23rd, 2025
Christian Life Tabernacle
Bedford, Texas

The church body of Christian Life Tabernacle began in 1978 when David McGeary moved to Texas from Arizona and began pastoring a small group of believers in Haltom City. Presently located in Bedford, Christian Life Tabernacle is a City set on a Hill in the middle of the Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area.

Christian Life strives to be a witness to the DFW area by proclaiming the Gospel of Jesus Christ that has been restored in its fullness by God through His servant William Marion Branham. As an angel messenger to the Gentile church age described in Revelation 3:14-22, this Prophet’s Message was supernaturally vindicated by God to be the Truth, and ministered an exodus from the creeds and doctrines of this Laodicean church world.

"Not for one moment do I bring a message to the people that they may follow me, or join my church, or start some fellowship and organization. I have never done that and will not do that now. I have no interest in those things, but I do have an interest in the things of God and people, and if I can accomplish just one thing I will be satisfied. That one thing is to see established a true spiritual relationship between God and men, wherein men become new creations in Christ, filled with His Spirit and live according to His Word. I would invite, plead and warn all to hear His voice at this time, and yield your lives completely to Him, even as I trust in my heart that I have given my all to Him. God bless you, and may His coming rejoice your heart." - William Branham
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Let's all stand this morning and sing that. Amen. So good to be in the presence of the Lord. Oh and welcome. Oh, and we are in your presence. Fill us with your power. Oh, and live inside of me. Welcome, Holy Spirit. Oh, and welcome Holy Spirit. Oh, and we are in your praise. Fill us with your power. Oh, and live inside of me. Oh, and you're the living water. Oh, and the never drying mountain. Oh my comfort and [Music] counselor. Oh, and take complete [Music] control of the Holy Spirit. Are you Oh, and we are in your presence. Oh, fill us with your power. Oh my living. Just sing it one more time. You're the living water. Oh, and you're the living water. Oh, and comfort and counel. Oh, and take a control. Oh, and by the holy spirit, oh Lord, and we are in your presence. Oh, and fill us with your power. [Music] Oh, and live inside of me. Amen. Amen. We want to welcome the Holy Spirit this morning. Without him, we could do nothing. Amen. Brother David Junior, if you could just come and open our service in [Music] prayer. Let's truly welcome him. This morning I on the way to church, Julie was running around picking up the house and it was like, you know, what are you doing? She said, well, someone may come over, you know, see the house, but we want to open every door, whether it's clean, whether it's unclean, let's just truly let the Lord have the preeminence. And I' I'd ask that, you know, if are there soldiers here? Are we ready to do the battle? Amen. And and uh join with me uh all your mind, all your heart, all your spirit. Uh bring every imagination in in in captive. And let's watch God move in a mighty way for us this morning. Let's go before him. Gracious heavenly father, we're giving this service to you this morning. Father, we're giving you all of ourselves, all of our hearts, all of our minds, all that we are. Father, we're all in, Lord. And Lord, we're asking that you would just come in your special way. Father, we have not received another Christ, but we've received Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Father, we know you in your power, Father, but we know you in your g gentleness and your meekness. Lord, we know you're one that is nigh them who are of a broken heart. And Father, I believe there's needs that have gathered here this morning, Lord. And Father, we want to do our part, Lord, to set an atmosphere where Jehovah Gyra, Lord. Lord, the provider of all that we have need of could come and have your way, Lord. We're not too proud, Lord, to wash your feet with our tears. Lord, we're not, Lord, ones that can't cry hosana to your name and praise you for the things you've done, oh God. May you just have your will and way in this service, we're committing it to you from the front to the back, Lord. From the sound booth, Lord, every part, Lord, it's all about you, Father. And from the Sunday school, Lord, Lord, without you, we're nothing, Lord. and we're giving to give you the praise and the honor and Lord, most of all our hearts, Lord. We want it to be a heart that's acceptable before you, Lord. One that you can brood over, Father. We believe you're we're your anointed in this day. And we're Messiah, the very bride of Christ. And Lord, we want to carry that, Father, in a way that pleases you. So we commit this service to you asking you Lord to be pleased and be glorified in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. We pray and ask these things. Amen. Amen. We want to welcome everyone in the house of God. Amen. All our visitors. I heard we had some visitors from Denver. We welcome you this morning. Why don't you turn around and just welcome someone this morning and in the house of God. And Amen. And let's turn our Bibles to our psalm reading this morning. Psalm 148. And I'll start with the first, you'll read the second, and we'll join together. And the last, it says, "Praise ye the Lord. Praise ye the Lord from the heavens. Praise him in the heights. Praise him. Praise him, son and moon. Praise him all ye stars of light. Let them praise the name of the Lord. For he commanded and they were created. Praise the Lord from the earth, ye dragons and all deeps. mountains and all hills and fruitful trees and all cedars, kings of the earth and all people, princes and all judges of the earth. Let them praise the name of the Lord. For his name alone is excellent and his glory is above the earth and the heavens. He also exalted the arms of his people. The praise of those saints, even the children of Israel, a people near unto him. Praise ye the Lord. Amen. There's nothing that escapes his praise. We have to praise him from all. Amen. God bless you. You may have your seats. Amen. Keep very flat. Amen. [Music] Amen. Let's sing that song. Give me that old time religion. Amen. Oh, it's the old time Holy Spirit and the devil long near. That's the reason for fearing. Oh, it's good enough for me. Oh, heat, heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat [Music] up here. Heat up [Applause] here. Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, heat, heat. Hallelujah. Lord deserve the praise. All the praise there is. Amen. Amen. Let's the son and the daughter say amen. To the glory of his name. Amen. Brother Ben has a special if you could bring it at this time. Amen. God bless you, saints. You know, you get to thinking the the devil is sly. He's slimy. You know, he'll he'll put on your mind, you know, faults and mistakes. And sometimes you get in the mindset where you think because you've been in this message a while that when you see somebody that's backslid or made a mistake, all of a sudden you become greater than them. But the reality is there is a fountain filled with blood. It don't matter what kind of sinner you are. If you're the worst of them all, that blood works. I want to sing this song. Y'all help me sing it. There is a foul 10 filled with blood drawn from Emmanuel's veins and sinners blush beneath that flood lose all their guilty state and lose all their guilty [Laughter] state. Lose it. Lose all their guilty state. [Music] Be death will lose all the empty stains. The dying thief rejoice to see that fountain in his day. Oh may I though I ask you. Thank you Lord. Wash all my sins away. Oh, wash all my sins away. Wash. He washed my sins away. And there may I go far as he wash all my sins away. [Music] My preious blood shall never it'll never lose his power. Oh, till all the rest of God are saved to sin no more. Oh, not safe to sing. No more are safe to sing. No [Music] more the rain. I'm church of God are saved to sin no more and for sense by faith I sold the strength thy flow we wound supplied [Music] Redeeing love cast my feet and shall be my God. Oh shall be my God shall be till I [Music] die as f my feet and shall Every lie down. Oh, there need a no sweeter song. I'll sing thy power to sing. When this for [Laughter] speaking tongue limited the grave, oh my son in the grave, thy silent in the rain. And this forest staring ties silence in the grave. If you've never been in that [Music] water, have you been beneath the [Music] fountain? There's no other place to go. [Music] flowing down from Calary's mountain. Oh, and it will walk you as [Music] [Applause] snow. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad there's a fountain available this morning? Amen. That regardless of how we came in, we could be dipped in and be changed this morning. Amen. We have uh some requests we want to bring before the church. Um this is a testimony from brother John. He writes, "Thank you saints for your prayers. Um it says for my mother uh she's now fully recovered from pneumonia. Please continue to pray for her to regain her strength." Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Amen. He's our healer. Amen. Brother Honor King Conqueror writes um is asking prayer for my daughter Naomi uh Chihuahua. Uh she'll be having surgery tomorrow morning. They said uh God give the doctors all that they need to perform the surgery. Right. We certainly remember her this morning and pray that the Lord will guide this surgeon's hand. Brother Tommy writes, "Uh, please pray for my mom. Uh, she's in the hospital, uh, believing, uh, for a good MRI report." Amen. He's the God that changes things. It doesn't matter what the circumstance is. And if he's on our side, we have nothing to fear. Amen. Brother Emanuel writes, "Please pray for my family members." It said, "Who are traveling, may God provide a traveling mercy." Certainly want to remember them this morning. Amen. If you're having it upon your heart this morning, amen. One thing I love is everything not there's nothing impossible in his presence. If we can only come believing that we are standing in his presence, we know that whatever circumstance we're going through, he will be able to change it this morning. Amen. The brothers that are taking the offerings. Amen. Uh brother Mie has a testimony. What we'll do is we'll have him come give his testimony and then pray for the request. Amen. Amen. If you could turn my mic on. Sister Rebecca wanted prayer for his son Samuel. We certainly want to remember him also. But I'm angry as you pray. Just remember Samuel. God bless you. God bless you. Bright. It's beautiful and how simple it is. You ask God, God does it for you. You come back in the church, you write a little note, give it to brother Darien, and he will make sure that you're here doing the testimony. How simple it is. Glory to God. And uh we love brother Darians and all the other brothers, right? uh who are serving as a deacons. Uh we love you all brothers. Uh we appreciate your time. You're you're all the love for God that you serve God and all of us. So God bless you all. Um want to share this uh testimony with you. Uh going under the anesthesia is becoming a thing for me. I go to a doctor. doctor have a little pain and doctor says um well you have to go to surgery you know no fun but uh if I were to say it would be fairly accurate uh if I were to recall between 10 and 15 time I have been gone under anesthesia so far but God is good you know if you if I'm still up there is still air in my lungs there's still chance for me to do it right glory to God so I want to tell you this little quick testimony What happened to me was I went to the doctor and um it was it was um abdominal pain I was going through and I severely doubted my my doctor that he says it's it's your kidneys. I said no it's my it's my belly it's my abdomen and um he says okay if it if it's true that's fine but what I want you to do is just go and have this test done and uh if it is your abdomen we will make sure we'll do that and fair enough. So I went to the doctor and uh there was a big stone that has deported my kidney and never reached the bladder and it's stuck and now what happened is all the back flow and it was um uh really um my left kidney was was getting swelled and it's no fun and fairly enough um I had to go through the procedure and um so many brothers so many sisters have prayed for me um and the reason I'm here it's it's Not um um big thing right things happens there are doctors um um who got uses but when we me and my wife we went to a doctor and doctor says there is uh absolutely no spot available for 21 to 24 days 3 to four weeks there was nothing available so what we going to do we're going to give you some medicine so at least we can dilate um um the the organs so at least there is a little space for um until we go to the surgery. I said, "Okay, that's fine." Um we were praying, me and uh Nidhi were praying and uh we came back and that was like around uh 300 p.m. Um doctor made the phone calls. This this doctor that I go to, Dr. Emanuel Desai, he's a very good doctor in Louisville. Um god-fearing doctor. I've never seen the doctor like that. He puts a Bible in his uh in his pocket and he preaches um um to you know like what's the plan if where are you going to do where are you going after you die you know we need more people like like him so what happens uh is me and Nidhi we came back home and um uh there was a phone call going on you know like how we are not to answer the phone call because we know it's not a legit call and it says state of Texas. I said okay you know certainly I'm not going to answer that. Um the doctor uh then calls um Nidhi and she says why Mr. Singh is not answering call and says Nidi come to me why you're not answering I says okay uh who is that that's your doctor I said okay u u Mr. Mr. saying um uh we told you that there is nothing available but someone has just uh cancelled the appointment can you come first thing in the morning we have availability for you I was like my goodness now tell me if it's not God 21 days or 24 days and less than 24 hours um the procedure was done and uh um the same time uh it was like around 6 or 7 Um next day I was at home, procedure was done and uh we were thanking God um for his his faithfulness and I texted brothers and uh brothers uplifted me for and wishes me for the speedy recovery. So so this is uh this is my sweet testimony. Um and and I I do not know if you know this about me. I love testimonies. It encourages me. It encourages so many of you. Just have a quick uh verse that I would like to read is uh Luke chapter um 11 and it's uh verse 9. And it says, I say unto you, ask and it shall be given to you. Seek and uh ye shall find. Knock and it shall be open unto you. The key is staying persistent. Um do not give up. God is a faithful God. Um he answers. um he will not leave us. He will not forsake us. So that's my testimony. God bless you all. Thank [Applause] you. Let's bow our heads. Dear Father God, we love you Lord. Thank you for that blood that there is a fountain. There is a way we can go. Um, and as long as we are covered under that blood, as long as we have we are filled with that Holy Spirit, we have hope, we have uh we have the confidence that we going to spend the eternity with you. Lord, I want to thank you for um healing brother Juman's mom. She is home and uh love to get that praise report. Uh the sister who is going for the surgery tomorrow. Lord, we uplift her. Brother Tommy's mom the MRI is pending and Lord we know the result is going to be good and uh all the requests that is being um has been put at your feet Lord uh the travel mercy request Lord I pray that uh all that respect all those uh prayer requests and uh there are so many that we have in our heart Lord it's the beauty of uh of you we do not have to utter a word before we even say you know exactly ly what we want Lord and I just pray that you would uh have mercy upon us and out of your riches and glory may you fulfill uh the desires of our heart lord I pray for rest of the service as the brother come and uh uh give us the word Lord maybe not hear the word from you uh from the man but uh may you come and through talk to us through that brother Lord uh the the the the offering that is about to come Lord I pray that you would uh touch the household, you would touch the hearts and the hands that are um giving that contribution for the extension of your kingdom. Lord, I pray each and every family that may you continue to cover us all under your holy blood and uh uh continue to bless our jobs, our businesses and uh continue to use us Lord as we continue to bring uh more souls to you. Um in the name of Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. [Music] Amen. Aren't you glad the Lord is good to us? Amen. Just want to make a couple of comments before we sing. Amen. Don't forget if you haven't registered for camp yet, so go ahead and do so. Amen. If you need any help with the registration, we want to count all that are going and so we can plan for transportation. And so please make sure you see brother Andrew. Uh we're working on that. Also don't forget our youth meeting that's coming next Friday. Amen. Let's just sing that. Oh, I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Over every heart and every mind. Cuz I know there is peace within your presence. Oh, I speak Jesus. [Music] Oh, and I just want to speak the name of Jesus through every dark addiction starts to break. Declaring there is hope and there is freedom. Oh, I see Jesus. [Music] Oh, your name is your name is [Music] Oh, and every stride [Music] [Music] Oh, and I just want to speak the name of [Applause] Jesus over fear and all fighting. Oh, and to every soul captive by depression. Oh, ask me Jesus. Oh, your name is Your name is Oh, your name [Music] is Break Every [Music] [Applause] [Music] stride. Oh, I shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the street. Jesus is the darkness. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Oh Jesus. So sing it as a prayer this morning. Oh and shout Jesus round the mountain. Jesus in the street. Jesus in the [Music] darkness. Jesus for my family. I speak the holy name. Oh Jesus. Oh, your name [Music] is your name is your name [Music] is Oh [Music] sh Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Gabrielle and the friends they have special. Amen. After that, Sister Stellini will bring hers. Amen. Hello church. Today we're going to sing for the glory of God. Sing unto the Lord a brand new song. Let us praise his name for the Lord is good. Sing unto the Lord a brand new song. Let us praise his name for the Lord is good. Our salvation. Sing unto the Lord a brand new song. Let us praise his name. For the Lord is good for his goodness. Sing unto the Lord a brand new song. Let us praise his name. For the Lord is good. For his kindness. Sing unto the Lord a brand new song. Let us praise his name for the Lord is good. For his protection. Sing unto the Lord a brand new song. Let us praise his name. For the Lord is good. Pervision. Sing unto the Lord a brand new song. Let us praise his name. For the Lord is good. We are to the Lord a brand new song. Let us praise his name for the Lord is good. We are the children of God. We come from God going to God. Singing hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Without God going to God. Sing hallelujah. [Music] We are the children of God. We going to God. Singing hallelujah. Hallelu. [Music] Halleluah. Halleluah. Halleluah. [Applause] [Music] for [Music] [Music] No migos. [Music] [Music] Sing Please [Music] make [Music] me glor [Music] All [Music] [Music] over [Music] Fore BS. [Music] Sing [Music] [Music] please. Oh no. Say I [Music] glor [Music] I [Music] for glory [Music] I gloria glor. [Music] [Music] Oh no. Sing on I glor in all he [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. I love the footwork on the kid. That's just wonderful. Amen. I had the song on my heart. It's just been kind of like a theme in my heart. You know, God will not reject your prayer. Amen. As believers, all we know in whatever circumstance we go in, we just worship our lift our hands and worship him. You know, one thing as a believer, you have to come to his He knows what's best for me. Whatever I'm going through, he knows what's best for me and he will lead me. And I believe that's our heart's desire. Let's just stand as we invite our pastor this morning. Let's just stand it and sing it. Oh, and God will not reject your prayer. Oh, and pray makes you stronger. [Music] Oh, and I have never seen a rightuous forsake. Oh, begging bread or left to suffer. Oh, have patience to wait and see. Oh, and what God will [Music] do. Oh, and when you lift up your hands and surrender, God will see you [Music] through. Oh, worship. Oh, we worship. Oh my worship. Oh, and your time worship. Oh, and if you're hurting, worship. Oh, and nothing worship. Oh, and he will hear. Oh God, before you sing, let me be. He's healing your wound. is set to you free. He's sending his angel for the demon side. He's leading a way as he's guarding you. He trust in him. He will never fail. He's walking with you on life from betray. Just lift up your hand. This is your victory day. And give him the praise. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] The Lord worship the Lord and worship the Lord. Oh, it is we are when God is speaking. [Music] Oh, and sometimes to be silently worship [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Oh God before he's set [Music] free from just hand. This is our victory day. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] The Lord worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Worship the Lord. Amen. Our gracious Father, we've come to worship you, Lord. With reverence we gather our spirits and our thoughts [Music] and we become subject to your mighty hand. Lord we acknowledge all your greatness and all your goodness and all your praise. And we certainly ask father this morning that you would deal with us as children. [Music] that you would look kindly on us, Father, and forgive us for our many shortcomings. Father, may we leave here to this morning more dedicated and with a greater realization of the hour that we're in, we ask you to bless us this morning. In your precious and holy name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless. You may be seated for a moment this morning. Uh we uh we want to just make a little announcement. Uh uh April 11th is our uh young couples uh dinner. So, if you're a married couple and one of you is 39 and under, uh, you can go. Okay? Or if you're engaged to be married, you can go. So, brothers, if you want to go to the dinner, you know, pop the question, right? Uh but anyway, so uh we're certainly looking forward to uh uh that uh coming up. And then April 13th is our pavilion dedication. So we'll have service in the morning. Afterwards, we'll cook hot dogs and hamburgers and put out sides and we'll have a lunch out there. And then after lunch, we'll come in here and have a singing. So, we're certainly looking forward to that. Uh, you know, uh, reverence is a is a quality that God appreciates. And, you know, when you reverence something, then you give it your full attention and you give it um, everything you have and you put something into it. And uh you know when you sing, if you just put a little something into it, if you uh worship, you just put something into it, reach down and grab something that's deep on the inside and resurrect it in you. And it begins to create an atmosphere and and then the Lord can come in, move in that atmosphere and and and that's important to me. But this morning we have uh brother Bill Ivy's going to minister for us. And Bill Ivy's a longtime friend of mine. And you know there's certain uh characteristics and certain images you have in your mind. And many times when I think about brother Bill, I think about the story that the prophet of God told about the great general who wanted a soldier to ride in his his chariot with him. And uh I believe it was Napoleon. And so as he rode down, he wanted to pick someone to ride with him. and he found a soldier and somebody that's been had a few battle scars on him and knew what it was like to fight the fight of faith and to go through adversity and knew the hand of God not only in good times but in hard times. And I always have this little vision of brother Bill with his gun over his shoulder and a big bayonet up and his backpack and it dressed in that French uniform, you know, walking down the road, you know, just a seasoned soldier and and you know, that's the kind of people I appreciate. You know, I don't like fair weather Christians. I like I like those that have are tough. And I've watched Bill's life for many years from a far off. And I can tell you one thing I always learned about Brother Bill. He'll put a s smile on discouragement. He'll put a smile on disappointment. He'll put a smile on trials. And by being around him, you might not know that on the inside the world's raging. But that's just the kind of the nature that he's had. And and part of him ministering this morning is not only the words of life that he knows, but the nature in which he brings them. And I just think it's so important that we're so aware of our nature and and the atmosphere that we create and the love that we have. So I believe you you'll enjoy Brother Bill this morning. And uh I I I won't tell you all the things that I could say about him, but there's one thing I can say. He's real. And that's, you know, he's not here to impress, he's here to minister. And and I I love that realness about him this morning. So, uh, I appreciate what God's done for him and and what he's done for me over the years. He's been a friend and he's been true to this word. And so, I want you to know you're blessed this morning to have Brother Bill here. I don't know what he's going to preach or how long he's going to preach. It don't matter to me. I just believe that you'll be blessed. So, I'd like to stand this morning and maybe Brother Billy can help me. And uh there's a I remember when I first heard this song, Sister Julia sung it. There is a blood. And and that's what we're built on this morning. Each one of us are here this morning because somebody loved us enough. Yes. To look on all our evil and everything that we had done and cover it. Yes. With a blood, not hold one thing against us. No revenge, just purchased. So may your heart go up and make contact with his spirit this morning. Would you invite his Holy Spirit to come around you this morning and let the spirit of God start to move? Let him start to anoint you and anoint the speaker that we could become one this morning, Father, that they may be one as we are one. The prophet of God said that prayer has to be answered. That's right. So, we're here this morning to worship. Would you worship with them as we prepare to have our brother [Music] come? Here is the one thous. [Music] [Music] Christ the cross. My sins were my [Music] Oh, sing it like you mean it. I find his precious blood. Yeah. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] I say I I for you. There is [Music] no He has the power to free. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my [Music] god for you. Amen. Aren't you glad that he's coming back for you? God bless you. You may be seated for just a moment as I just try to get to to know you. I'm looking around to try to see somebody I know David. Let me see who else do I know. Uh well, there's my wife over there. I know her, Sister Lesie. Anyway, I guess it's been a long time since I've been here. things change um over the years, but um you know, there's one thing that I know is a constant and never changes, and that's the Lord Jesus. If he's in your heart, in your life, and I know you, you know, somehow we were together way back there before we even knew anything about it. I probably won't get to meet every one of you, but um over there over there we'll have an opportunity to get together with whoever we want to ever how long it we want to spend with one another. There won't be no boundaries to that. So, we're all aiming for a great time. Uh then u appreciate those things brother David said. I we've all through been through battles through the years, but that's part of what being a Christian is all about. And it's wonderful to have good friends that you can go through things together with. Brother David has certainly been a a great friend of ours. He's preached for us many times. People in our church, they all wanted to tell you hello and your wife, Sister Lesie. And so we appreciate very much uh being here. I look around and am I in Togo or Benin or um Ghana? I I you know I've been able to go into West Africa quite a bit and I had have some wonderful wonderful friends, precious friends. I've um and but as I got older it's got more difficult for me to go. I went one time uh this past year uh just for a weekend in in Benin and uh I don't know if I get to go back again but uh we started having a missionary conference or our annual meeting every May. Some of you have been there, I think. And brother David has preached that for us. And it's the Memorial Weekend in May, the last weekend or the weekend of the 23rd, I think. And we translate the services into French while they're being preached. And we uh uh there there are brothers that come over from West Africa and generally are with us. And so I just wanted to make you uh welcome to come and be a part of that if you don't have any other anything else to do. But if we could stand together bringing greetings of course from our church in Gibson uh or Campbell, Missouri. Uh could you turn in your Bibles to First John the 1 chapter and the fifth verse? I hope everybody can hear me clearly. My voice is not as loud as it used to be. I don't preach as fast or as loud as I did at one time. As you get older, those things kind of dissipate. I don't have to prove anything anymore. And I just preach the word. [Music] It was um Martin Luther, he said, you know, all I did was just go out there and nail something on the church door, write things about the word, preach about the word, then I'd go home and rest and enjoy myself with my friends. He said the word done the rest of it. And I believe the word will still do the rest of it if we let the word do that. First John the 1 chapter and the fifth verse. This then is the message which we have heard of him and declare unto you that God is light and in him is no darkness at all. I'm going to draw my text from that scripture, but I want to read on down to the seventh verse. If we say that we have fellowship with him and walk in darkness, we lie and do not the truth. But if we walk in the light as he is in the light, we have fellowship one with another and the blood of Jesus Christ his son cleanses us from all sins. I want to title my sermon this morning simply is a question. What is the message? Now that may seem very simple and very basic, but I think it's something that needs to be preached about. Could we bow our heads together? Heavenly Father, thank you for the privilege that I have to be able to stand in behind the sacred desk. I just pray that the things that'll be said will be completely in continuity with the pastor here and with the ministers that uh labor here behind this place. bless your people. Open their hearts to receive the word. And we thank you for each one of them in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. As preachers, sometimes we think that everybody hears what we have to say and but everybody does not. It doesn't matter how many people are in a congregation. as a rule, even if it was Brother Brandham himself standing behind the pull pit, there would be just a few that would grasp what was really being said. It's just that way. That's not to put down on anybody or anything. And we like to think though everybody will leave here and they'll say, "Oh, that was a a great sermon and and they remember everything you said." But it doesn't work that way at all. Um, and I I found through the years that when a person says they heard a good sermon, maybe it was just a a very little part of that sermon, maybe a sentence or something that that spoke specifically to them and their heart and their need, and they left with that with that. And uh so I pray that uh today and this morning that I can say something that will mean something to someone. Okay, we're as Gentiles um God deals with us as individuals. Let's face it, there's always a mixed multitude and a church is not going in the rapture. No church is going I like to thank everybody in my church is but it's individuals okay that God will uh that will take place that's the day that we're living in and we want to be ready for that so I want to talk to you this morning uh about that subject of what is the message in the text that I read to you we see John the great uh elderly John he he makes mention of that very thing. He said, "This then is the message which we talking about himself and those that were with him had heard of him heard of Christ." They heard Christ himself speak of what the message was. And John goes on to say, "I declare unto you what the message what the message is." And then he says what it is. uh not to get ahead of myself or to end my sermon before I ever get started, but he he said the message was that God is light. And uh and because he's light, then by that we can have fellowship with him. And not just with him, but with one another because his blood cleanses us from all sins. Now what is the message? Whatever it is, it has never changed because Hebrews 13 and8 is Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today and forever. And every one of us uh realize that that is the really the theme of what we believe that there is a constant that remains the same and we believe that that the message is such it never changes but now there is something that does change and I want you to hear me out and don't draw a conclusion uh just immediately uh we change all of us as preachers just change. I change. We change. And but we have to change in the right way. Change is going to come. If you didn't change, then you would be have a mental condition perhaps that would keep you from being able to change. You'd remain a child or something all your life. So we do change. We the the the message hasn't changed, but we change by growing in knowledge of God, which again is Hebrews 13:8. And so, especially in the day that we live in, because we're living in a different time. We're not even living in the day in which the Apostle Paul and the early church was they there was yet 2,000 years of church ages to come. And many of them were not even aware of that. They looked for the coming of the Lord then. Paul looked for the coming of the Lord then. And yet there was many years to come because we you had to come on the scene to be a part of your message. And certainly we want to go back and understand and believe what Paul preached because that's what we're resting our faith and our hope in. But we change by growing in knowledge. uh because in today is different than yesterday in that or or any previous church age as we've been taught because this is the harvest time. Now I where we live our church is in the middle of a cotton field. Sometimes it's a watermelon patch, sometimes it's corn. Whatever the farmers plan at that time, it's farming country where we live and uh so we understand it very very clearly. When harvest time comes, we know we know what it's all about. It's seed time. The seed that was planted in the ground is done come to maturity again, come to life again. the same seed has come up by that seed dying and then and much more has been produced and has come. So, harvest time we're that that's where we're at. That wasn't in Paul's day, but that's our day, you see. So, that that's where a change took place. We could say we could call this a rapture time, couldn't we? Now they look for the coming of the Lord all the way back to Paul. But this is the rapture time. Amen. Uh and uh our our prophet coined this phrase about the time that we're living in that I don't think could have been used in any brother Jerome. God bless you. I I saw that smile and that's how I recognize you. So, um, but anyway, uh, he coined the phrase the bride age and I I know that you've been well trained and so I don't want to get into that, but we understand that there's only seven ages of the church. There's not eight and and and a bride age was a phrase that he coined to uh help us to understand that at the end of the leodysian church age we are still in Leodysa by the way that final age until we leave here and but there is an age of the bride or a time in which uh Luke 17 and30 has been fulfilled the revealing of the son of man you see not just the son of god through the church ages above us but the son of man. And what is the son of man? It is the word. Not just the word itself. Okay. Yeah. The word. Yeah. It's absolutely the word. But it's the word living among us in human flesh. Praise the Lord. And so that's what we have seen that that that little space of time before we leave here. And so uh we we can say that. Now what is the message? And I'm going to repeat myself as we as I go through these this thing to the this morning on that just to remind you where I'm going. What is the message? Not you, you know, to not believe the message. And today we're living in a in a time I'll just be just as frank as I can be. And and y'all aren't children. You know what's going on in the world today, especially with social media and there there are people that uh have stood in a pull pit just like this and could preach could outreach all every preacher in here probably and yet today they say they do not believe the message after preaching it um after being a part of it. And so we all know that we all understand that that there are people that and there are more to come that do not believe the message anymore. They say whatever the message is, whatever they perceive the message to be, they say they don't believe it. To not believe the message then would be to not believe the Bible. And I'm trying to go somewhere. Okay. It it's like this. Let let me just explain it in this way. When Martin Luther stood before the diet and they were bringing charges against him for heresy because of the things that he wrote and he taught and he preached and they wouldn't did not want to give him an opportunity to defend himself. They wanted him to recant for his writings. And they had him laying out there and uh he said, "How can I?" He said, "To recant of my writings would be to recant of the Bible because much of it is scripture." Amen. Amen. He said to recant of my writings would be to recant of even teachings of the Roman Catholic Church that is in there and of some of the great men that have pinned certain things is all in there would be to recant of all of those things. That's right. And so to disallow the message then would be the same. Huh? Whatever the message is, okay, would be to disallow scripture because in every tape you listen to, every book you read, what do you find? Scripture. Amen. But not only that, you see, uh to to to say you do not believe the message would be to say you do not even believe in men that God used to bring a furtherance of truth of which many denominations over the years have have built upon yet they stopped building but they built upon truth. So to say that I do not believe the message, whatever I would perceive the message would be would be to say that I do not believe in the restoration of the gifts that took place in the Pentecostal age would be to say that I do not believe in sanctification that came to the church um through Wesley. would be to say that I do not uh believe in justification that Luther preached. You understand? Would be to to to disallow all of those things. Why? Because our messenger said that the seventh [Music] angel would come and would not have a mystery of his own, but he would go back and take the loose ends that Pentecost had, that Wesley had, that Luther had, the great men of days gone by, and he'd put it together. So to say you don't believe whatever a person would perceive would be to say eventually they'd have to throw this book away completely and not believe. You understand? So there's been a Luther, there's been men like Calvin that God used to further certain thoughts of scripture. Wesley with sanctification, Spurgeon, he great preacher that brother Brandon called a reformer. And so we know God used men throughout the ages to bring the word out, but God had a prophet in the end to put it all together. Now I want to emphasize something. about our day. Jesus Christ alone, Jesus Christ has alone declared in our day, the fullness of the truth, but not to everyone. I mean it's there for everyone but it's for those that will believe on him believe on that and then that can receive it because not everybody can receive the fullness of the truth. It's um like brother Brennham said, somebody asked him the question on question and answers. Will a person be in the rapture that don't hear you preach it or or the way you preach it? And his answer was this. He said, "Well, yes, they don't have to hear me preach it. You go back and question and answers and read it. But if they believe the fullness of the word, they'll be there. They'll be a part of the bride. Okay? So, there's the key, the fullness of the word. But it all ties together anyway. We know that. But now, where did the fullness of the word come from? Come from Christ. And um it was Christ. It was the lamb that took the book, right? and opened the book, wasn't it? And declared it to one that was in a position to receive it that could give it out to us. Now, that's important. Now, John in my text, he speaks um he speaks here uh as light being the message. We know a little bit about light. We our our prophet dealt with that the uh pillar of fire. He explained how God began to manifest himself in a light and John in in St. John in the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God and he went on to describe him as being light. So um so here John in my text he he says that the message this then is the message and he begins to describe it as light because God is is light. That's exactly what he is. And so when light comes there's a furtherance of light. There's always been a furtherance of light. We see it in the church ages that brother Brandham drew out and light comes to us. I might might say it like this. Light does something that nothing else can do. I remember reading about Ruth Graham, Billy Graham's wife, and a television station had called and was coming out there to interview Billy Graham in her home in the home there. And so she went to work cleaning the house, dusting and and did everything she could to get the house just spotless. And uh then the television cameras came in and they put up these huge lights and they turned them on. And to her surprise, all she could see is dust. No matter how hard you clean, when the light shines on you, it'll show that if there's anything that's wrong. Amen. So the message is light. Yes, sir. Because God is light. Amen. And so if he's light, now this is what John said in my text. Then in him is no darkness at all. If we can find where he is and what he is, what the message is that we there there won't be no darkness. I I grew up in Pentecost and I'm not ashamed of that. It was a good shock, you see. But when light came It wasn't enough for me to come out of the Pentecostal systems. It had to come out of me cuz I saw how filthy I was and and I never had a desire to go back to that. Okay? Don't fool me with that. Okay? So if if God is light in him is no darkness, no darkness at all. This is strong. There's not even one speck of darkness. I'm getting to what the message is. Oh, church. Not one speck of darkness. And so I if there's no darkness, then there is no ignorance. There is no error. There is no untruthfulness. There is no sin. There's no death. Amen. Yes. This is what John heard from Jesus Christ himself. [Music] I think we still hear from Jesus Christ, don't we? So John heard this from Christ, his whole manifestation in the flesh as the brightness and in the text as the brightness of the father's glory. Christ himself was was the embodiment of the message representing fully in all his sayings, doings, sufferings him who is like brother Jerome. Huh? See, in other words, his whole his whole manifestation was the embodiment of the message. What I'm meaning was the whole in him was the whole of the message. Now in Jesus Christ, if we were alive back then, we can read it in the Bible. There were great signs, healings, miracles that were manifested in Jesus Christ's ministry upon the earth and were a wonderful vindication that he had come from God. That wasn't the message. You know that, huh? It wasn't the message. They were to attract the attention of the people. The discernment, the supernatural discernment that that knew the very hearts of the people. And of course, we have that today. Amen. Right now, while I stand here, because it's still here in this form, see, the word of God is sharp and powerful and quicker and a discerner of the thought and the intent of the heart. That's why I can say something. Maybe it's just a sentence, a paragraph or something. And you hold on to that and the rest of the message that I preach, you don't hear. But that speaks to you why it discerned. That's right. It read your mail. It knew what you were doing last night in the dark when nobody was watching. So the supernatural discernment that knew the hearts that those things were great great things. Uh John St. In John 4:29, the woman at the well when he uh looked upon her and told her her sin, told her her life, told her things that maybe nobody knew but her. And she knew enough about God, even in her condition, to recognize that this had to be the Messiah that could know this. Only the word can know that. Only the message can know that. The message knows you. And so what did she do? She see it changed her. What he saw her as now she was not. The message will change you. Not just here. Huh? That happens to too many people. But it changed her hair till she could go back to those that she had been with and say, "Come see a man." Which told me all things that I ever did is not this, the Christ, the Messiah. It identified See, it identified something. Now, that wasn't the message, but I it identified what the message was. We see in John St. John 1 and48 Nathaniel a very spiritual man godly man uh comes to Jesus after Philillip goes and tells him we found the Messiah and so forth and he was skeptical of that and Nathaniel saith unto him to the Lord when Jesus seen him walking up and said behold an Israelite in whom is no guile as if Jesus knew who he was and he did the message knows who you are or you wouldn't be here this morning. And so Nathaniel said unto him, "Whence knowest thou me?" Jesus answered and said unto him, Oh, I love this because it speaks to me. He knew me when I was under the fig tree. Before that Philip called thee, when thou was under the fig tree, I saw thee. Nathaniel took it. It took all the wind out of his sail. Nathaniel answered and saith unto him, "Rabbi, thou art the son of God, thou art the king of Israel." And if I could add something to that, not to add to the word, okay, but thou art the message that I've looked for. Amen. But now, as I said, these great supernatural acts of discernment, of healings, raising the dead, I mean, it it drew the crowds and the people loved it and they wanted to make him king and and everything, but they walked away eventually because that wasn't the message. This has been repeated in our day according to Bible prophecy in this end time, this rapture time. And so the same is true. There are many that have seen the supernatural healings, great things. They they saw the supernatural. But I will say this as an old man that failed to see the message and many want to go back to that. Don't take me back to where I was. You said, "Well, we don't believe in that no more." We're not Church of Christ denomination. Yes, sir. But we also also believe in something greater that's supernatural. It's the birth of something that was supernatural. So many saw the supernatural but failed to see what they didn't understand what the message was. That's why they failed to see it. That's why today they failed to see it and want to go back to another age. Don't take me back to another age. Amen. This is the last stage and in this age is everything that them other ages was. I go back to something less. I've been there. Okay. I don't want to go back to where I've been. But I want to go back to where I've been up there. Amen. There's something calling me back. There's something calling me up. Not back there. Up there. Amen. Where I come from. It's the message. So, we've seen these things repeated just as they were when Jesus's ministry. They saw the the supernatural but failed to see the message. It it showed us the message. What whatever the message is. Okay. these s the great signs and wonders, the discernment that that was so accurate, minute details. I listened to a tape here a while one person there was about 10 different things brother Brandon would say about that one person little things that so perfect. What what was that for? Okay. And you know, and I'm not feel like I I'm preaching to the choir. You know, you know these things, but it showed us the the Messiah. Now, we know Brother Brandon wasn't the Messiah, but it was the revealing of that. It showed us the Messiah was here again, manifesting himself by light, the word light that'll show every speck of dust. He knows it when light comes. Amen. The fullness of that light has come. Who can hide from it? You can't hide from it. Sometimes people come to a church where there's a lot of people and they think they can hide from the light and still be a part of the message. You can't hide from it. Just bear with me, brother Jo. I've had to slow down a little bit. Maybe it's better. I think you can preach so fast and so hard that nobody knows what you're saying, but they're on their feet saying amen like they know. Time to sit down and listen. Amen. Brother Brandham said the problem is people don't stand still long enough to hear the message. But you know, we like it better when it's the other way. As preacher, yeah, come on. Let me see if I work up something. I learned to do that in the Pentecostal church. Is that what I want to do? want to work y'all up. Come on, let's let's get this thing going. If the word don't work you up, then I don't want nothing else to work me up. Amen. When a light shines on me, it does something to me. You don't have to work that up. Yeah. Thus we have the fulfilling of Luke 17 and30. Even thus shall it be in the day when the son of man is revealed. It's revealing. So when Christ when Jesus Christ came to the third pull of his ministry and let me just stop there before I go any further with my note that I was looking at. Remember in our day our prophet used the phrase the first second third pull of and he referred back to Jesus to Paul the different ones in their ministry but let's just look at brother Bram's ministry what what it was the first pull I've talked to people that were there and a part of that and the crowds were just the biggest the miracles were more the supernatural in that way it was just beyond anybody's thinking. The second pool came and it began to discern the thoughts and the hearts of the people and there was many that did not want that because they knew things was wrong in their life and they'd get up and walk out and and the crowds got smaller and the miracles were less and yet it was greater. Huh. And then he came to the third pull and as Paul said, "All men have forsaken me." Huh? And he had preached choosing a bride and people that were there said that people just getting up and walking out, walking out. Huh? The crowds really got smaller. He begin to be rejected to where even prophecies was going forth against him by the some of the great men and all. and he's washed up. He's lost his ministry. He doesn't have the miracles he used to have in the supernatural. And yet, according to God, it was greater. It was greater than the second. It was greater than the third. Why? It was a light that was shining on those that could receive it. I grew up near Shripport and Brother Brandon preached. It was a second home to him. Oh, they had some marvelous meetings, some great supernatural. But you know, the majority of the people never saw a message. And you'll meet a person here and you'll meet one over here and maybe one over there that sat in some of those meetings that grabbed a hold of the light. The light shined upon them and the rest went away. It's that in in any gathering. Okay. You be that one that receives something. Somebody will. And so Christ came to the third pole of his ministry and he even challenged them to leave. But what was it? They wanted the other again. They wanted to go back to the fish and the loaves, the healings and the supernatural. And they wanted to go back to all of those things. They said, "We want the supernatural in our midst." And they turned down the supernatural birth of the word. That's what happened to Pentecost that people want to go back to. So there's a supernatural. They wanted to go back to something else. The word was supernatural that the message we saw in in this ministry Malachi 4 that's come in our day. the ministry of the seventh angel of revelations 10:7 and what we call the message or the restoring back of the original word as was spoke of by Malachi 4 and5 behold I send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord so if the word or we could say the light amen once again has come to restore us people that can receive it back for a rapture. No other age this age you see this is something different even than uh the days of Paul. Okay, you understand our prophet said that because this is a rapture. They didn't rapture back there. We're going to rapture. And so it it is it is restoring back for the rapture and the resurrection of those saints that have went by the way of the grave. We have a politician that is telling us that America is going to have a golden age. Of course, you know that we are having a golden age. We're in a golden age. They've missed that a long way, haven't they? See, we're we're in that. That's what it's all about now. Yes. I want to be clear. Signs and healings, supernatural gifts of the spirit will still be manifested through the word bride. Has to be as with the word prophet, but not in the same measure. In other words, God had one of those. And let me say this, and I hope nobody misunderstands me. It was a one-man ministry. Yes, sir. That's not me. That's not some pastor, some great evangelist, or some great great man everybody would flock to. No. See, it was a one-man ministry in this respect that he had a message to the age in that final age. There's not another age or another messenger to come or a group of men. No, sir. There was a one-man ministry and that's what I'm preaching to you about. Amen. under the umbrella of that, right? Not another message. We don't have to reinvent Brother Brandham. Huh? No, I don't have to reinvent him. God already invented him. So, we saw those things and in the day that we're living in. So if the word the light is is re is producing that golden age, we're seeing the he we yes we have signs, wonders, supernatural manifestations of of of gifts. They'll always be in the church. But maybe, you know, in in Paul's ministry in the book of Acts is you see the first, second, and third pool. You see the great signs, wonders, miracles at the beginning toward the end. He was almost, you know, it wasn't the same. Yes, he had them, but it it was again, not Church of Christ, church doctrine. No, no, it's not that. But the emphasis was placed somewhere else. What greater supernatural act could there be than to get a change of the body and get out of here? The message come to produce that you are that. Yes, sir. now we're not looking for something else. So because for us that are here uh those signs and healings and super we love them. I mean I wish every there's sick people here. There has to be the people with dire needs and we'll pray for you but that's all we can do is pray apply the word do what the word says do and then leave it to the word to do it. We we can't work that up as Pentecost did. Work up a feeling that leave it to God. God's a healer. We believe in it. But to us, that's not the main thing. Because probably every person that the brother Brandham prayed for and was supernaturally healed is dead today. But there is going to be a people that won't die. Well, glory. Why? Because there was a message. I have to be still. I usually at home preach in tennis shoes and I got my dress shoes on. I didn't want I I have to do that cuz my feet are numb. But anyway, but I'll have new feet over there. Maybe I can dance a jig like some of these guys do in the pull pit. I'll fall flat on my face. But I'm glad that's not the main thing. So it's not the main thing. It it it is what follows the supernatural birth of the word. the the earnest our down payment, but it's our down but but if we if I and I've seen the supernatural I have coming up through Pentecost and the gifts returning to the church and those things. I've saw some great supernatural things take place. But I'll say if I never see another miracle, I'll still believe in it. It's the fact. And you believe in it, don't you? Why? If you never see another miracle, huh? But why? Because you believe. You believe the opening of this was supernatural. Anything else is just a cheap imitation. And it's not the message. Carnal impersonations. Said, "Brother Ivy, why don't you teach us to have spiritual gifts?" Brother Brandham said, "You can't do that." He said, "All you'll do is produce carnal impersonations." He had it in his day. Do we want to produce more of that? So uh so um we want to be aware there will be supernatural that will follow in our day especially many false ones that lead people away from something away from the message while in the message because the message isn't in them lead people away from Christ the word, the revealed word. They will try to make the people believe the supernatural gifts are the main thing. But the Lord will say to them, "One day, I never knew you. Depart from me, ye that work iniquity." Iniquity is sin. So what is the message? It can mean different things even to those among us. It can mean to some people a partic particular doctrine that they hold to that's different from the other people's. Uh the message can be a certain man. Uh it could be a school of thought or a certain way that you uh live, certain way you talk, certain way that you dress. And to them that's the message. It can also be just the name that identifies our church, our belief. I go to what do you go to? Yes, such and such church. And now those things are good, but th that is not the message. And some leave that saying they do not believe the message. They didn't leave the message. uh they never had the message. They left something they thought was the message. You understand? You see, because many times because they just simply been taught wrong. That's a dangerous thing. When I first come to this message out of Pentecost, I scared to death to preach just from reading a book or two. because they realized how wrong I was and how right these things were and how serious it was. You see, because in Galatians 1:8, Paul, but though we included him or an angel from heaven preach any other gospel unto you than that which we have preached unto you, let him be accursed. a curse. That's the Greek word is atheia which means to be devoted to destruction doomed to eternal punishment. And he repeats it again as we said before. So say I now again if any man preach any other gospel unto you than that ye have received let him be anthemia doomed to eternal punishment. The 10th verse we usually leave off for some reason, but Paul says,"For do I now persuade [Music] men?" Um, "Do I try to find favor with men?" You know, I was a young preacher one time. I'd have been better off just getting me a job and sitting listening to somebody else, you know, because I thought I knew more than I really knew. Why? Because many times you're looking for favor of men. You want to show them that you're a preacher and you just need to grow up. Oh, you might can preach a everybody on their feet. But is it to find favor to win favor with men? See, Paul said he didn't do that. I do I now find favor with men or God in what I preach? Because you got to preach the truth. Okay. Or you're under an athemia. If you got to preach it to three people, preach it. That's right. Or do I seek to please men or yet? If I yet please men, that is if I seek the popularity of men. Amen. You know, I thank you for your compliments, Brother David. You know, but you know, it takes a lifetime. I'm an old man. You're an old man. I mean, you're you don't look a day younger than the last time I saw you. It takes a lifetime not to build a ministry because if somebody's trying to build a ministry, kick them out. But to let Christ be able to work through you, You understand that? You learn how dumb and stupid you are, how weak and feeble and helpless you are, but he's everything. Amen. If I can please him, I I don't have to please man if I can just please him. But you know it when I was young, you know, you wanted to you wanted people to know take the devil by the tail on a downhill drag and you just showing every So Paul said, "For do I now persuade men or God or do I seek to please a man? For if I yet please a man, I should not be a servant of Christ. So the message the word message is a noun. Uh it the central theme of it means the central theme of of importance. Martin Luther at the reformation carried a message that took on his name. That's when they made a denomination out of it. That wasn't the message that the uh that we have. Uh the Wesley and church came along. The Methodists carrying the name of John Wesley, great man of God. Um Calvin came along with even some some great truths. And people were identified by their names. They were identified by John Wesley, John Calvin. Does that make anyone a Christian? I was in a Methodist church here a few years ago doing a wedding for someone in the fellowship hall. They knew their messenger because they had a big picture of of Wesley in there. They knew their messenger, but they sure didn't follow his message. Huh. They carried his name. Our children have grown up associated with what we believe many times from a misconception of what we call the message to them. And you young people listen to brother Ivy. You look up here at me because unless you're looking at somebody, you're not listening to them. children, they they they grow up and they get a misconception. To them, it's a set of rules that they don't want to abide by. How how we dress or or who we quote and the things they can't do that they really want to do becomes what the message is to them. Therefore, many of our children will come to the place they question what we call the message. Say, "Well, I don't believe that." Then they [Music] blame what they think is wrong on how they were raised, their parents, and even on brother Brandham. And what they're really questioning is not the message, but certain rules, certain ways that we live, certain things that we live by. What they say we why can't I do like others that dress and live differently. That is when they say, "I don't believe the message which has nothing to do with what we believe. The truth is that they have never believed Christ the word in their heart in their life. Yeah. My grandma was born in 19 n uh 18 18 not 19 1898 I think. Never cut her hair. Always wore dress. She's a Baptist. Always lived a holy and godly life. She's born before a prophet ever come on the scene was ever alive. Those things he didn't invent. The things that we believe he didn't invent, they were always here. He just made us aware of it. Amen. Amen. So the truth is that they never believe Christ the word. Say the message can mean the same as saying I'm a Methodist. I'm following John Wesley, a Baptist. I'm a Pentecostal. I believe in the gifts back in the church. Let me quote brother Brandham from Easter Seal. I'm wondering today it's what's happening. Are we really getting the people to God? Are we getting them to church? We must get them to Christ where this quickening power. It's good to go to church. Sure. If that's as far as we go, it's not far enough. When you come to church, that's good. But go on to Christ from the church because we must receive the quickening power. That's the power to get us out of here. Do we ever expect to be in the general resurrection? Because it's the only thing that will ever bring us from the dead. For if this spirit that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, it'll quicken and make bring to life your mortal bodies. What a promise to us. Going to try to bring this down real quick. So hang with me. So how do we get in Christ? Get into the word. You know, I hope this will be okay what I'm going to say, Brother David. But, and I'm sure it is because I know you. I know you very well. There's one message. There's one Lord. Huh? One word. The same word that will save an old man will save a teenager or a young child. It doesn't take a different message. Huh? A different gathering. No, it doesn't. Our prophet never did emphasize Sunday school. We have Sunday school at our church. Okay. And our kids love it and I'm glad we do. But but what I'm saying, he never emphasized that and these other things. Why? He emphasized one thing, the word. Yes. When I was a 16-year-old boy in the Assembly of God church, I remember brother Kennedy, my pastor, and I remember him clearly because he had butt teeth and he wore glasses, but he'd get up there and preach and conviction would grip my heart while he was preaching as a six-year-old boy. And I'd come down to the altar at the end of the service. Now, I can remember I'd be the LA first one down, the last one up. My daddy would come and he'd shake me to see if I was asleep. I wasn't asleep. I wanted God. Amen. Why? It didn't take a a special youth meeting to do it. It took the word preached. I'm not against those things. I'm just telling you what it takes. If it's going to take a youth camp to get you saved, it'll take a youth camp to keep you saved. Come on now. Get them to the word. Not the letter of the word or set of rules, but to the life of the word. 1 Corinthians 12:13. For by one spirit we're all baptized in one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free, have been made to drink of the spirit. Oh, I was praying about this message here a few weeks ago at our home church and I was going to it was on a Tuesday night. I praying about this very subject. What is the message? And I thought, you know, I I I just wish I had something that Brother Brandham said in regards to that, though he said many things, but something that would really strike home. And I went to bed and I was tired and trying to sleep and I and I took my cell phone. I put a started listening to the sermon, the rapture. Heard it many times. And and I started listening to it and I heard brother Brandham say this. It was at the beginning of the service and it was an and when he preached the rapture, it was denominational people there, great men. And before he preached, there was several men that got up that believed in brother Brandham and believed in what we call the message. And they they commented about the message, the message of the hour, the message, which was kind of a strange term to them people. And brother Brandham goes up behind them. And he says, "Many of you strangers perhaps hear these men get up and make these remarks about a message of this hour." And so forth. What they're getting at is God's promise of this hour that he promised what he would do. And we see him scripturally vindicating just exactly what he said he would do in the same manner. Amen. Now look, telling you what the message is in the sermon, spiritual food, brother Brandham said Jesus was the word that was prophesied of. You get this? I'm closing on this. Get it? He was the word. He was the message for that day. You know, he said the message and the messenger are one. Didn't he say that? Thus sayith the Lord. Huh? So Jesus was the word that was prophesied. He was what the prophet said would happen. Now listen, don't miss it. The prophet said, "A virgin shall conceive." All those prophecies had been given. David crying and the rest of the prophets down through the ages speaking of him. What am I saying? The message is don't you know that we're the fulfillment of the promises. Amen. Just as Jesus was a fulfillment of the promises, just like God sent Elijah as a fulfillment of the promises, you're here as a fulfillment of the promises. There's the message. The message is standing here in front of you. The message is sitting over there. Look over at the person next to you and say, "You're the message, my dear brother, my dear sister." Amen. either play the instruments come. It's what the Holy Spirit does in us. Not a church system or doctrine of man. And whoever plays the instruments, maybe KFC, you could play that song. It is no secret what God can do. He's revealed himself. And u we sing that. Maybe if there's a special need or something, we'll be glad to pray for you. Let's bow our heads together. Heavenly Father, we come to the conclusion of this sermon and pray Lord that there was something said that'll make a difference in somebody's life here. Lord, maybe just a sentence, just a few words that they took out of this sermon. May they take it home. May they place it in their heart. May it be real to them. Jesus Christ's name we pray. Amen. Arms wide open. Hon it is. Let's stand. Let's all stand and sing it. what God can [Music] do. It is been revealed in our days. may know why [Music] God for you with [Music] The Lord is dealing with hearts right now. Just yield to him. Maybe you've been a Christian a long time. Just yield to him. Yield to his word. What God can do. Sing it again to him. It is no secret what God can do. I stand for healing for you. With arms wide open, he'll part in you. [Music] in the [Music] sea. But God, you know, I made a note on a comment that brother Bill made. He said, "Brother Brennan didn't invent those things. They were always true. Holiness was always true. Paul preached a woman shouldn't cut her hair. Paul preached that they should be modest in apparel, [Music] not wearing braided and jewelry and lipstick and all those things that that that those were that was the word of God. Amen. And I just thought as I he was talking, you know, the message was him. Yes. Without man's, you know, like these sticky papers, you know what I mean? I get so many of them in my Bible. I got it. But here was the word of God and man just kept coming putting stuff on it, adding to it, adding to it, taking away from it. And so where it wasn't him anymore, [Music] it just wasn't what he was. It wasn't what he did. It wasn't how he saved. It wasn't how he moved. There was there was no voice that spoke for what that the word truly was. And then there came one to restore back the word of God. To peel all man's thinking off, to peel all man's interpretation off, all man's evidence of what the spirit was, how the spirit moved. He come back. He says God works from the inside. And he just he just took everything off of it and let it sit there in its purity. the word of God that Jesus Christ is a person. He's a living being. You know, how do you think the first church, how do you think they spread the gospel? How do you think they'd walk into a place where nobody ever heard about them and they started talking about one that came and they started talking about a sacrifice being made? You know, how could they do that? Because that living presence of that being was there with them. There was a presence. It wasn't intellectual. It wasn't intellectual, right? They had a life in them. And and they believe when they prayed for somebody that the life that they were experiencing, the life that was in them would transfer to the person that they were praying for. The words that they spoke, there was a life that stood behind those words as our brother said and it convicted the heart and it pricricked the heart. How was Pentecost started? When they heard these words, their hearts were pricricked and they said, "Men, what must we do?" He said, "Repent and be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, and you shall receive the same spirit. This same anointing will transfer from us to you." And that's the question that I believe that our brother is posing. Has we got away? The message isn't Malachi 4:5. It was the fulfillment of Malachi 4:5 by the presence of the Lord Jesus Christ keeping the promises that he promised to do. That's still the message. Jesus keeps his word. Yes. If you can this morning, if you could take any promise in this book and you can reach up and grab the hem of the garment of that promise and you can say, "I believe this word, there is a life and a person, a real being that'll come by and make that promise real in your life." Amen. Amen. That's the message that our brother was preaching. That he's here and he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And he'll do for you exceedingly and abundantly above what you could ask or think. You have a loved one on your heart this morning. He promised you your loved ones. You have a need this morning. He promised that he'd meet that need. He didn't say you had to meet it. He didn't say you had to do anything but believe. Only believe. All things are possible. Because the same Jesus that went to Calvary is the same Jesus that's here this morning. And he can make himself known to you if you will invite him in your heart. Doesn't matter how old you are. I kn my office a year or so ago with a man. I would say he's in his late 40s and 50s. He knelt in my office and gave his heart to the Lord. And he got up and I made him come walk. And he wrapped his arms around me and I said, "How are you, brother?" He says, "I'm I'm I'm a new man." I'm a new man. Hallelujah. You know why? Cuz he got the message. [Music] He received the message. Amen. The message is Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. Have you let the message that Malachi 4:5 preached come into your heart this morning? I think I have room in my heart for him this morning. Lord, I just want to get back to where it's you. I'm not judging. I don't care what road the person goes down, what they believe, what their doctrine is. But like the prophet of God said in harvest time, he said, Jesus prayed, "Father, that they may be one. Father, that you and they may be one as I am one with you. Yes. that they would be one with you also. One with you and one with me. And that we could be one together. Are you one with him this morning? Ask yourself, he wants to be one with you. He wants to be one with you this morning. Well, let's just pray. man. If you'd like to invite him back into your life this morning, maybe you've got away from him a little [Music] bit. Maybe you've pursued careers above him. And maybe habits and pleasures have got into your life. Maybe your life's being invaded by video games and by social media, by sports or by music or or by so many things that the enemy offers today to take your time to take your focus. And this morning you'd like to say, "Father, I want to get back to the true message, which is Christ in me, the hope of glory. For if that same spirit that was in Christ Jesus dwell in me, it'll quicken our mortal body." And you just ask in your spirit this morning. Just be honest with yourself. All our heads are bowed. My head's bowed. And you just like to lift your hand this morning to him and say, "Lord, I I need a revival in my heart. I need to have your presence in my life. I believe the things that brother Random taught. I believe that who he was and the scriptures that he fulfilled. And I believe that the rules and the the standards that are set, but I've never had the God of that word it taking residence in my heart. And I want to experience the inddwelling presence of the Lord Jesus Christ. Some call it the baptism of the Holy [Music] Spirit. That's the same thing. The inddwelling presence of Almighty God coming into my [Music] heart. And you might say he was there, but I strayed away. I went places that he couldn't go. and my life has grown cold and indifferent. And this morning, I'd like to go back to that place, Lord. I'd like to stand before you and invite you back into my life. Lord, come back to me this morning. rededicate my heart this morning, Father, to you that the words of life might be present in me, beyond my mind, Father, that I might absolutely feel your inddwelling spirit in my heart and my life that the love of God may be shed [Music] abroad by the Holy Spirit. Father, I ask that every hand that was raised, every heart that turned to you, Father, may they know that there is a true experience that the believer comes in contact with that they know it's real and they can say, "I meant him. He meant me that day. He meant me in that hour. He meant me in that place. I knew he was there and I felt him take me in his arms and change me. Once again, if that's your heart's desire, just let him know cuz he wants to be with you and in you cuz that's his promise. I will not leave you comfortless, but I'll come again and I'll be with you even in you. Father, many of us have you with us, but Lord, our desire is to have you in us. Grant it, Lord. We pray this morning in Jesus precious name. Amen. Amen. Don't you love him? Isn't he Isn't he wonderful? Amen. Amen. I I like what what brother Bess say he says he coined the word the bride age. Amen. And what's the bride getting ready for a rapture? Amen. Do you think about the rapture? We sing that song, don't we? I'm thinking about a rapture. Amen. Just think about it. Oh my Bill. One day we're going to fly away. We'll be changed in the twinkling in the eye. Amen. We're we're we we'll go up to back to Eden to where we always been. That's what we live for. And how are we going to get there? Because that spirit dwells in us. And and it and we don't have to have religion. We don't have to have organization. We don't have to have doctrine. We have to have him. And I'm thinking about that. Amen. Oh, I'm thinking of the rapture in the heavenly. [Music] Oh are gathering [Music] in Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Just think of Heat. Heat. Then the savior will give orders. Hey, [Music] Heat. Heat. Amen. Remember church, this is a leaving message. It's not a staying message. We're not learning how to live here. We're learning how to leave here. Amen. God bless you. If you can tonight, the secret of the rapture is going to be revealed. And only those that are here tonight will get the secret to go to in the rapture. So if you have something that's more important than that, then do what you're going to do. But if you can sacrifice [Music] to be translated from this life to the other life, then I welcome you to come back because I don't know how much longer I I have here because God gives you so many years. Bill, I think I'm a little older than you, aren't I? Little bit. Little bit. Uhhuh. So, he's not as old man as he thinks he is, cuz I'm just getting started. Hallelujah. God's good, isn't he? All the time. God bless you. You are dismissed. Come back tonight at 5:00. Everybody come back. And remember, God is good. He's good all the time. So, if you're walking, don't worry. He's got your back. Oh, if you're walking through the valley and the shadows all [Music] around. Oh, do not fear. He will guide you. He will keep you safe and sound. Heat. Heat. in this part of [Music] my dark and light will shine. Oh, I like this verse. Oh, we were sinners. Oh, I'm worthy. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
