################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-09 - [2025-03-09pm] Is It Too Late For Character Development  Br. Jeremy Shreiner - Jeremy Shreiner.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-09
Title:   [2025-03-09pm] Is It Too Late For Character Development? | Br. Jeremy Shreiner
Speaker: Jeremy Shreiner
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QegtPqv8nmY
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Oh yeah. [Music] Hey. [Music] Oh, you unravel me. with a melody. You surround me with a song of deliverance from my enemies. Till all my fears are gone. [Music] I'm no longer slave to fear. I am a child of [Music] God. I'm no longer a slave to [Music] fear. I am a child of God. Oh, from eternity you have chosen me. Your love has called my name. Oh, I've been born again into a family. Your blood flows through my veins. Oh, and I'm no longer defe. I am a child of God. Oh, I'm no longer slave to fear. I am a child of [Music] God. You sprink the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears were drowning perfect love. You rescued me and I will stand and sing. I am a child of God. Sing it again. You spray the sea so I could walk right through it. My fears were drowning perfect love. You resueed me and I will stand and see. I am a child of God. Oh, and I'm no longer slave to fear. I am a child of God. Oh, and I'm no longer slave to fear. Oh, I am a child of God. Amen. What a privilege to be called a son of God and a daughter of God. to be gather in his presence to worship him. Amen. So good to be once again in his church. And brother Thiago, if you could just come and open our service in prayer tonight. Amen. Let's bow our head. [Music] for times. Fore! Foreign! [Music] Foreign! Fore speech. forgood. Amen. Amen. Amen. May God bless you. May have your seats. Enjoy the word of God this morning. We'll come back for more. Man F. Oh, he became sin who not sin that we might become his rightousness. He humbled himself and carried a cross. Oh, and so amazing. Oh, and so amazing. Oh, Jesus Messiah. Oh my god. [Music] Oh Jesus. [Music] When his body might his father broken and rock for the world the river oh I love so [Music] amazing oh I love Amazing. [Music] Jesus way. is the rest of [Music] the Jesus Messiah. Sing that last verse again. Sing that second verse. Oh, and his body his father broken and pour out all the water treble. The veil was full. Oh my. [Music] Oh Jesus. Oh my god. Oh. Oh. [Music] Oh, Jesus. Lord of [Applause] all, you ask me why I'm happy, so I'll just tell you why. Because always Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, heat, heat. Amen. Amen. How can you not worship a God who can take away your sins, take away all the things that bothered you, all the things of the world, and he can make you a brand new person? Amen. And brother Clayton has a special if you could come at this time. Uh I just want to thank God for my healing. Uh he's been a good God. uh he's washed over me and blessed me and and ministered in my life in in such a mighty way. Asked some people to help me. Amen. And I wanted to do a A and B. That way my conscience would be clear. I got everything out of my system and uh we can move on to we need a beat. This is [Music] Amen. I don't know how God's going to do it. And I don't know when when he's going to fix it. I only know. Yes. God's going to make a way for me. He said he would. He said he would do it. Help me sing [Music] victory. You see, he never told me how he's going to do it. [Music] He never tell me how he's going to fix it. Still I'm happy. Shout yes. Yes. God's going to make a way for me. He said he would. He said he would do it. Help me sing. Victory. Thus say the Lord. Yeah. God's going to do it. Take them at his word. God is going to fix it. till I'm happy. Shout yes. God's going to make a way for me. He said he would. He said he would do it. Help me sing. Victory. You know what? only believe God's going to do it with all your heart. God is going to fix it. Still I'm happy. Shout yes. God's going to make a way for me. He said he would. He said he would do it. Help me sing. Victory. It ain't no humans moan choir. Ooh. Tell the Lord do it. [Music] Moan. Tell the Lord. Fix it. Now get happy. Shout yes. God's going to make a way for me. He said he would. He said he would do it. Help me sing. He said he would do it. He said he would do it. Yes, he will. He said he would do it. He said he would do it. Help me shout. Victory. Amen. [Applause] Somebody asked me to sing this couple of Sundays back and we never got around to it. So, keep my word. A man is only good as his word, right? Amen. Thank you, Jesus. We're working. Praise the Lord. We serve a good God. Amen. We're having technical difficulties. Lord, bless the Lord. Jesus. We may do it some other time if we can't fix it. Hallelujah. Amen. I thank God for all the messages that we've received coming over the pull pit. They have really been a a blessing for me to encourage me and to place me in the position that God would have me to be. And I'm trying with all my heart to be faithful to being able to do what the pastors have [Music] said. Like a ship that's tossed and driven, battered by an angry sea. When the storms of life are raging and the fear falls on me, I wonder what have I done to make my race so hard to run. Then I say to my soul, take courage. He'll make a way somehow. I try to do my best in service. [Music] I try to do the best I can when I choose to do the right thing. Evil's present on every hand. I look up and I wonder why. Good fortune pass me by. Then I say to my soul, be patient. He'll make a way somehow. I know the Lord will make a way somehow. When beneath the cross I bow, he will take away each of your sorrow if you let him have your burdens now. [Music] And the load you bear so heavy. And the weight shows on your brow. There's a sweet relief in knowing he'll make a way somehow. Try to do my best in service. I try to do the best I can. When I choose to do the right thing, evil's present on every hand. I look up and I wonder why good fortune pass me by. Then I say to my heart, don't worry. He'll make a way somehow. I know the Lord will make a way somehow. And beneath the cross, I bow. He will take away each of your sorrow if you let him have your burdens. Now when the load you bear so heavy and the weight shows on your brow. There's a sweet relief in knowing he'll make a way somehow. Yes, he will. He'll make a way somehow. He'll make a way somehow. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. You know, I know Brother Clayton is always there's something special about him. You know, I like that old school singing. You know, it just it's got it written through it. I just praises the Lord and you know, I appreciate him and Amen. We don't have any new no written request up here. Um um just a reminder of Sister Vongai put one. It says please pray for Sister Gail. Uh she's very sick with an upper respiratory infection or flu. We certainly want to pray that the Lord will touch her this morning from Sister Veronica. um asking uh writing a sister Angel in Denver requesting prayer for a brother-in-law who's very sick in the ICU. We read this from sister Leslie. Um, please pray for brother Nathan uh Gasman and as he's in the ICU after a motorcycle accident is a long time uh family friend and um a family friend of ours and a sister calling asking for the church to pray for him. Amen. And I got a text message from brother uh Amos and sister patients. Uh brother Amos uh father uh died in Nigeria. He was sick and he passed away. Certainly want to remember the family. Pray that the Lord will touch them and comfort them at this hour. Amen. Many if you had a need upon your heart just lift your hand hand to him and want to pray for our pastor and just that the Lord will bring him back safe and and I know there are many that are not here. I know brother Matthew is traveling. We want to remember him. Brother Jeff texted me was not feeling well. We want to just lift him up in prayer. Amen. And all we know that he knows all things. Amen. All that we have need of, we bring to him because he's the answer to all everything that we have need of. The brothers that are taking the offering, see if you could come. Amen. Amen. Brother Jose, if you could just come and take this before the church. [Music] That [Music] was a Fore! Foreign! Foreign! foreign. forch. [Music] Amen. I have a source of strength when I am [Music] weak. Thy takes me through when life is pressing me. [Music] I have a [Music] source of power from above. I'm covered over by the shield of blood. Oh, I claim the blood Jesus shed on [Music] Calary. Those preious blood stains would be there just for me. for all my sins, my sickness, and my pain. When I'm in needing, I claim those preious blood name. [Music] Oh, I do not know how other thinking through. You never go to Calary as I do. For there's a he ling flow. Oh, with peace that only his redeemed can [Music] go. I claim the blood Jesus shed on Calary. Oh, and those preious blood stains. Oh, where may they for me for all my sins, my sickness, and my pain. [Music] When I'm in healing, I claim those prayers blood. Amen. But friend, bring me a special. Amen. God bless you. Help me sing it. It's a song I've sang before. I I love songs that got meaning to me. And if you can in with me, that'd be a help. You can lock me up in a prison. Oh, and throw away the [Music] kings. Go and take away my vision. Will from these eyes that now can see. Oh, and deprive me of all the food I eat. And even by my hands and my feet. But as long as I I know Jesus will I could still go free. Oh, he said that I could still go free. Oh, now tell me what kind of man would reach down his hand. Oh, and do this for me. For you and me. So unworthy to live. Oh, and not fair to kill. Yet the man on the cross. He put my name in his will. He said that I I could still go free. Oh, I never I never could oh quite understand why a king would leave his heavenly throne and put on the robe. Oh, of an earthly man. Feel the pain in the flesh. Flesh and bone to later tro down that loneome path. Thank you, Lord. All that led to Calary. Oh, and those blood red stains. They broke all of my sin and shame so that I I could still go free. [Music] Oh, he said that I I could still go [Music] free. Oh, will you tell me what kind of a man? Thank you, Lord. Who would reach down his head? Go and do this for me. For you and me. I'm so unworthy to live. Oh, and nothing to kill. at the metal on the cross. He had my name in his wing. He said that I I could see go free. Sing that second verse. Oh, I never I never could quite understand why a king would leave his heavenly [Music] throne and put on the robe of an earthly man. Feel the pain of flesh. Flesh and [Music] bone and to later draw down that loneome path. Oh, that led to Calary. All those blood red stains. They brought all of my change so that I I could still go free. Oh, he said that I that I could still go free. Now tell me what kind of a man would reach down his hand. Go and do this for me. For you and me. Oh, we're so unworthy to live. Oh, and not fail to kill. But the man on the cross, he had my name in his will. He said that I I could still go free. [Music] Amen. How many can say, "I've been set free tonight." Yes. He paid so you could go free. Amen. Let's all stand at this time as we invite brother Jeremy. Amen. K of D. Oh, there is a [Music] soul in times of need that gives me hope. God brings me peace. In every trial through every test my savior stands in mighty defense. Oh and a road you are. Oh, leave it tight and warm and your strength is calm and your heart feels strong. Oh, and remember God is greater than a stone. Take courage for the battle is the Lord. Oh, and when the waters rise, oh, he calls my name. Oh, and he beats me come out. Hallelujah. He hold my hand lest I should falter and he makes me stand out on the water. Oh, and when you die and all your [Music] strength and your [Music] heart God is greater than [Music] stor battle. Amen. You have that courage this evening. Amen. Let's talk to him for a few moments. Heavenly Father, as we come before you this evening, we know you're here, Father, amongst your people. We just want to capitalize on this, Lord, by sitting at your feet tonight, hearing your word. We want to stop, Lord, as we before we get in once again into the hustle and bustle of this life. Lord, it seems like we're if we're not careful, we get too eager to get into that. Father, before we do, we just want to stop and we want to sit at your feet. We want to hear what you have to say. Not what man has to say. I can't do anything for him, Lord, but I need to hear from you tonight. May we stop and may we breathe for just a few moments. Take a deep breath and hear what you have for us as we surrender our minds, our thoughts. Push everything out of the way for a few moments. Everything's going to come. Our work will come. Our jobs will hit us. Our bills will come. All that's going to come. Let's just stop and hear what you have to say. We thank you for your word tonight. I surrender myself to you. We love you. We thank you in Jesus precious name. And the church says, "Amen." Hallelujah. Let's open our Bibles to the book of Luke, chapter 18. Amen. I just feel led to just dive right into this just for the sake of time. I understand it is a Saturday, Saturday. Sunday. I'm used to preaching on Saturday evening. So, uh, this is a Sunday evening and so we want to be, uh, cautious of your time. Luke chapter 18:9. And tonight is I've just the Lord has kind of led us to do more of a a talk kind of uh in in this teaching in a sense. So I I trust it'll be a blessing. And we'll start reading at verse number nine. Luke 18:9. And he spake this parable unto certain now notice what this says tr which trusted in themselves. that they were righteous and despised others. Two men went up into the temple to pray. So both went to church. The one a Pharisee and the other a publican. The Pharisees stood and prayed thus with himself. God, I thank thee that I'm not as the other men are, extortioners, unjust, adulterers, or even as this publican. I fast twice in the week. I give tithes of all that I possess. And the publican standing a far off would not lift up so much as his eyes unto heaven. But smoteed upon his breast, saying, God be merciful to me a sinner. I tell you, this man went down to his house justified rather than the other. For everyone that exalteth himself shall be amazed, and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted. God bless you. You can be seated this evening. Our thought for this evening, I'll say it twice for you to catch it. Is it too late for character development? One more time. Is it too late for character development? I believe this is a thought that I spoke at home the last service I spoke last year and then God begin to deal with me as soon as we got home this afternoon on this. Now, there's five things I I want us to just look at in real quick and I'm just if you can write them if you want. But the first thing we stopped in, it says trusted in themselves. That's number one. So he is speaking to those who placed trust in themselves that they were righteous and despised others. That's number one. Number two, the Pharisee, then the publican. And then the idea of exalting and the idea of humbling. If we have that in mind and you write this down and you you you you keep this in thought in in your thought process through the entire sermon. First of all, we cannot trust in ourselves. And I want to ask us a question because I believe I'm speaking to message believers tonight. And I believe that we as a body as a body of believers have to carry ourselves as believers as a message believer. We have to carry ourselves in this world in a proper way as the bride of Jesus Christ. Now, none of us thinks that we fit the Pharisee here, right? None of us wants to believe that. And I will believe that the same thing with you. I believe that I'm speaking to everyone here that does not fit the Pharisee. So, tonight, this is going to be a thought that we want to make sure we do not get there. Is that okay? So, let's let's just preach as nobody's there, but make sure we don't get there. Hallelujah. That makes this a whole lot easier tonight. Okay, but let's think about it for a minute. How is you have to ask yourself this question and I'm going to ask myself, how is my spirit, my attitude towards my belief and my conviction? Right? How is your spirit and your attitude towards what you believe and your conviction when you are tested about what you believe or your convictions in your life? How do you react? Now, Brother Brandham in 1961, he says, "And be not afraid." He says, "When it gets to a spot that you cannot have tender love for every human being, something's happened to you." God so loved you when you was a sinner, an alien away from God, an enemy of the commonwealth of God. Think about that. He so loved you that he gave his life for you. We just heard the song. Sure. He says if you get a spirit in you, you're better than someone else. Says, then you're worse than anybody else that I know of. Says, I don't care if you're ever so correct in your theology, your motives, and your objectives is wrong. I'd rather be wrong. I know we've heard this before. I'd rather be wrong in my theology than be wrong in my heart. That's right. The spirit of God dwells in your heart. You see, I I I have found where sometimes it's a lot easier to talk to to denominational people than it can be sometimes to message people. We have to be careful with that because we get a little bit of our differences. It's even happens in the church. We need to and I believe that that God wants us to understand that there has to still you're still living, right? You I would believe so because you're here. And so there is still character development that is happening. Now let's look at the the idea of character development for a moment. Let's look at character development in real life. So character development in real life refers to the process of actively cultivating which is nurturing, parenting or helping positive traits and values within oneself. Now let me stop there. You have a choice tonight. What what what you're going to hear. I choose to want to climb higher. Not in just theology, but I want to carry the word properly. What if I have a wrong attitude in how I carry the word? They're not even going to want to look at me. That's all I got to say. So again, so we're cultivating, we're nurturing, we're parenting, we're helping these positive traits and values. Here it is again within you within oneself shaping how you respond which is react or retaliate. So the word retaliate is not so much a wrong word because you can retaliate correctly to situations and interact with others essentially becoming a better person through conscious effort. That word conscious is aware, alert and being aware. So you are aware of your reaction. You're not just reacting in an emotion. You're not just reacting because uh uh uh it it feels right. You're aware of what you're doing. So again, I want to back up. So essentially becoming a better person through conscious effort and learning from experiences. We're talking about character development uh effort and learning from experiences including challenges and successes. It's about building personal integrity, which is good character and virtue and a strong moral compass over time. So it is more than just thinking that we're something but we need to know the right direction to go to. All right. So this is the idea of real life character development. So, uh, uh, we need to I need to teach my children this, and by doing that, I need to have character development. I'm asking you the question, is it too late for you to have character development? However old you are, however much message belt you have, however big your eagle belt buckle is, is it too late for you to have change and have character development in your life? This takes effort on your part. Now notice this wonderful quote in the Thyiran church age and uh paragraph 2:24. He says, I know your faith. Now he does not say here as he did in the church in Pergamis, you hold my faith. He is not talking about his faith now, but he is commending them for their faithfulness. And he and he does he also mentions their patience. Now faithfulness and patience go together. In fact, patience is the outcome of faithfulness. For it says in James 1:3, "The trying of your faith workketh." Okay? Patience. See, there is absolutely no other way in which to gain patience. It has to come by the trial of our faith. Romans 5:3, tribulation workketh patience. How highly God regards this outworking of our patience is seen in James 1:4. But let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect and entire, lacking nothing. See, God's will for us is perfection. I want you to say, God's will for me is perfection. And that perfection is patience. Waiting on God and waiting for God. This is the process of character development in Christ the mystery. He said, and I'm not going to go there, but I'm just going to just say this one thing. He said, "We got to stay right together." He said, "You got to stay right together." Now he says now if a brother if the brother you think he's a little wrong or the sister say now Lord don't never let me have the root of bitterness spring up cuz it'll affect them. It'll affect who? It'll affect the person that has the root of bitterness. It'll take the Christ out of out of my life. Listen, if I have the root of bitterness in my life, it's not going to take it out of brother Davey's life. is going to take it out of my life. You get what he's saying here? So it it it you have to you have to bear the responsibility for yourself. It's your responsibility to get the root out of your own life. This is the process of character development. Just because we reach a certain age doesn't mean we're not still developing. We're still spiritually developing. As long as we're breathing, as long as we're still in this life, we're still growing. We're still maturing. Every year we've got to bear fruit because we're going through seasons. We go through seasons of life. And every year there's another season. And think about it. The tree the the leaves fall, right? The tree looks barren and then the spring comes and the fruit comes again. It's constantly going through changes. It's constantly developing. It's constantly Come on, stay with me here. So you are constantly going through character development. Here it is. The poison acids of malice. Sometimes you just need to look up these words yourself. And jealousy and hatred. I know this is not in any church. Praise God. That'll just take the Holy Spirit right away from you. Now I I guess this is the right word to use. This is in a sense a paradox. The Holy Spirit is so powerful but yet timid. It'll run him from the tabernacle here. It'll kill the spirit of God or drive it away from here. It'll hurt your pastor. It'll do everything. See, he says, "Don't you do that." So what he is saying here is that if you allow this root of bitterness to come up and that bitterness is because of a lot of times it's past things that have happened or something that you just can't get out of your life and and it just begins to work and then there's envy and there's anger and there's things that just keeps coming back at you or this malice or this uh jealousy or this hatred whatever it is. Uh he says what it does is it is it creates this this atmosphere in the church that'll kick Christ right out of the building. And then the pastor or the minister the pastor is praying and studying and working and trying to get the mind of the Lord and he's wondering why it's so hard and why it's so difficult. And it's just because there's a root of bitterness in the church. And we who claim to be prophet followers, follow me as I follow Christ. You follow. You see what I'm saying? And what is he saying? He says, if we allow this to stay in our life and we're not willing to go through character development, then we are basically kicking God out of the church with our hands raised. He said, "You just wax that much closer together. Oh, I love that. Don't you? Says, "Take the buckle." As the brother testified, minister here the other night having a buckle, seeing it at a vision that buckles on the whole armor of God. Just pull her on. Tighten up. Come on, brothers. Tighten up. Sisters, tighten up. Well, no wells about it. Tighten up. Love one another. Forget the past. God forgot your past. Hallelujah. Just pull her on. Tighten up. Move right close to one another. Love one another. Talk nice about one another. Say nice things about one another. I just feel just a little like like the devil's just like kick them off. Talk nice about one another. Say nice things about one another. Oh, and then God will bless you. Why won't God bless me? Why won't God bless me? Because you ain't saying nice things. Do you realize it was that easy? Now, I don't know who the commentator was here, but I thought this was good. It doesn't only or always just take a sledgehammer to break a rock into little pieces. Now, obviously, a sledgehammer will do the job, but it's not the only way to do it. Fascinatingly, it really only takes a little bit of water and a temperature variation to do the trick. In a process known as weathering, a small amount of water can seep into the crack of a rock. And if the temperature gets cold enough, that water will freeze. And as it freezes, it expands and begins to widen the cracks and split the rocks. Now, what's true in geology is also true in ecclesiology. Churches aren't always just broken up by big things such as false teachings, moral scandals, leadership failure, or outside influences. It's always those things. No, it can do it. But it's not always it. Yes, they can do the job, but it's not always what happens in the life of the church. Rather, it's the little things that seep seeps into the worship and the fellowship of the church that given the right conditions, if we allow these things, these little these little conversations, these little moments to seep in and given the right conditions, the right temperature often fractures a congregation. When people's attitudes, personalities, preferences, and opinions meet with a coldness and indifference, congregations break. Big sins have slain a thousand churches and little sins have slain 10,000. You see, division is one of Satan's greatest weapons to slow or to stop God's work. Now, what good is it to come to church if we want to kill the spirit by allowing bitterness in our life? What good is it? And I think about this. I don't want that to happen. I've had bad things happen to me. Brother Billy, I like you because I know you're an honest person. Can I ask you a question? Will you answer honestly? Of course you will. I just said, "You're an honest person." He's scared now. You see his eyes? He's like, "What are you gonna say? I'm not going to throw you under the bus, brother." Have you ever had anything bad happen to you in your life? To you personally? Absolutely. How many here has ever had anything bad happen to you in your life? Only a few of you. Wow, man. You guys are good people. How about let's be honest and raise your hand. How many's ever had anything bad happen to you personally in your life? For those that are honest, good. Now, you had a choice what to do about it. Now, you're still in these this old coat. You're still in this old coat. You're still in this flesh. And Satan will still throw that at you. He'll st still throw that in the at the womb of your mind, right? He'll still throw that to try to see if he can get that in there to try to get you to to uh uh uh you know to think on that. But if you have given it to Christ, if you have given it, then you're no longer going to let that be a root in your life. Because what good is having the message if we're always poised to disagree with it? What good is having a pastor if we're always poised to disagree? What good is having a prophet if we're always looking for a difference? What good is having the word if we're trying to find the flaws? As if as we could actually be spreading the seed of discrepancy or the seed of discord, doubt, question, or confusion. If we're not careful, we could actually become like a man called Diotrophies found in 3R John 1 verse 9. Now John speaks here and he says,"I wrote unto the church, but Diotrophies who loveth to have the preeminence among them receiveth not us not. Wherefore if I come, I will remember his deeds which he doeth, praying against us with malicious words, and not content therewith. Neither doth he himself receive the brethren and forbidth them that that would and casteth them out of the church. Now Diatrophes thought too highly of himself for some reason he did. And that has a that tends to be a lot of an issue in the message because we are the message. And I'm I'm not becoming sacriiggious, but I want you to know this is an issue where we begin to think too highly of ourselves to where we don't come under headship. Oh, we come to church, but we don't come under headship. All we see is the man. And Diatrophes was this way. You see, he didn't want to listen to what John had to say. He didn't want to hear what he had to say. You know, it never actually said that Diotrophies was a pastor, a leader, or anything. It only said that he wanted the preeminence. He wanted the authority. He wanted to be a leader. He didn't like what John had to say. And when those and it said that he didn't want to receive the brethren. And when those that followed the message of John came in, he was like, "We don't want anything to do with them." You see? And so that spirit that that if we're not careful comes into the church, if we're not careful, we become that. I don't want to become that guy. Because once we recognize who the preeminence is, we realize we are not the preeminence. We are nothing without him. Hallelujah. And listen, when it comes down to actually headship in a church, which is a shepherd of the church or the pastor, we as shepherds or pastors realize we're nothing without thee. Hello. Headship. He didn't like what he had to say. You see, we want the Holy Spirit. How many can say this? In our churches. We want the Holy Spirit in our lives. We want the Holy Spirit to help our pastors and our families. I don't want to have the spirit of datrophies. I don't want to have the spirit against these things. I want God to be able to uh I want I'm going to speaking for you. I I bet you want God to be able to help brother David to be able to get up here and speak the word of God to you freely. Whoever comes here, the ministry which is a blessing to you in this church that God has blessed you with, uh you want you want them to come up here with the anointing of God and not have to fight those spirits and speak freely. That should be our desires. Listen, this should be an oasis. This should not be a battleground. Amen. Oh, I hope you get what I'm trying to say. That outside is the battleground. I understand that we're fighting demons here, but I hope that you follow what I'm trying to say. We we here when we come to the house of God, when we come here through those doors and we pray for this service, we are praying that God clears everything out of the way. God, I pray that you would help the song leader, that you would help the musicians, that the atmosphere is created so that the atmosphere is not created for just a bunch of this and a bunch of that, that the word can come forth freely. Hallelujah. and the deceit of discrepancy. Paragraph 65 says, "Now notice," he said, "As they did," he said, "then the Bible said, he said, uh, and John spoke to to his children." He said, "Now little children, you have heard of the Antichrist, which was to come into the world." He said, "Now, which already is in the world, and it working in the children of disobedience." Now what was along about 30 years after the coming of the Holy Ghost we find when the Holy Ghost come the real seed the real lifegiver to the seed then here comes that discrepancy in again and noticed on it went the real word had been vindicated them prophets of old had vindicated the word of God to be the truth as they went down if anybody ever read the Nika council or the pya council them 15 days of bloody politics when them bunch of Romans down there wanted to bring in and make a denomination of that church prophets came in and wrapped in sheep skin eating herbs stood for that word. But what did it do? It had to be like Cain. It had to be like Abel. One had to die. Certainly it did. Catch this statement. And the word lost its influence amongst the people. Don't let the word lose its influence. I'm not just speaking of in the church. Listen, the word should not just only have effect here. The word should be effective in your homes. It should be effective in your cars, on your jobs. And they all voted out the true word and took dog in dogmas of discrepancy of the early Catholic Church. They added a pope. They added a bishop and this and that and the other. They taken away the real true meaning of Peter, of Mary, and all the rest of it and made idols and made nothing but just a pagan ceremony out of so-called Christian religion. What was it? Seed of discrepancy and organized organized for the first time on earth a church. What was it? seed of discrepancy which started sewing something adding to it taking away. Can't you see what is happening here? Think about what is going on all over as it were in this message. I have in my sense I have never seen as it were such a falling away. men and women, young people, not just young people, but as it were, fathers and mothers and grandparents and pastors, evangelists falling all over. And it's not for worldly things. It's for religion. Could we have lost touch with his true character? Because we lost influence with the word. We stopped allowing the word to influence us and allowed other things to influence us. And when we lose the influence of the word, we're actually losing influence of his character. We have become content with the Sunday morning high. something that soothes the mind. Something that gives us the the the fix, the the ease that I'm okay. The ibuprofen, the al leave, but ibuprofen doesn't fix the problem. A leave doesn't fix the a problem. Listen, hydrocodone don't fix the problem. It only masks it. But there's more. Why take a substitute when there's a whole Pentecostal skies full of the real? Why eat in a garbage can when there's a fine big clean table set here with chicken and dumplings and everything? Hallelujah. Why don't we do that? See, let's get the real That's what we want. A real genuine one. You see, the word tells us constantly to be prepared, to be sober, to be vigilant, to make our calling and election sure. So much that's telling us and warning us to get ourselves ready, to not be content with all of those things. But to have character development, to not go out into the world. I mean, no wonder nobody wants to to have this with our attitudes. Not you. Remember, I already told you in the beginning, this is not you. Don't don't don't look at me like you just ate something bad. It's not you. But no wonder they don't want this with our attitudes and our better than thou and our you see we don't want to be that Pharisee thinking that we're all that because we've got the message of the hour. Is it too late for character development to where I cringe at times when we sometimes go to a restaurant or when we go to out in the public to wonder how we might treat somebody. How many can say that? You see, you follow me? When we because they they might make an error. God forbid you've never made one. You say, "Brother Jeremy, that's nothing. That's not spiritual things." All right. We must look at the character of our decisions. Not the emotion of a decision, the character of a decision. If the Bible tells us to be sober, to be vigilant, to make our calling and election sure, and so much and all of these things, warning us, preparing us, I believe that we should do these things. And and when we look at one another, we don't want to get caught up in the emotion of things and all these things. We want to look at the character of things. You know, there are things and I and I want to bring this out to two different sides of the story because this is begins what happened. And do you realize that we're all different here right now? Shocking. We're all raised in different families. So you in this church right now, shockingly, we might actually have different convictions, and that's okay. Now, what I'm talking about, I'm not saying now, the prophet of God laid out certain things that line up with the word. Now, I'm not talking about those things. I already fixed that because I heard that. See, what did you hear? I just I I already heard it. Now, there are convictions that people do have and do not have. Now, some of that that the prophet Now, do you realize that there are some things that the prophet never addressed? Well, what are we going to do? What are we going to do about the iPad? He never addressed it. We must look at the character of our decisions. You see our attitudes towards our fellow brothers and sisters. You want to test someone's character without realizing it? Accidentally stepped on accidentally step on their earthly conviction. Find out where they stand in that moment. I'm going to say that again. You want to find out where you are, have somebody accidentally step on your conviction without meaning to or maybe they meant to and see how you react. Bless God. No, there should not character development in how we react. I'm not telling you to be a pansy and to not stand up for the word of God. We should hold our swords. But we Why have we turned swords against one another? No wonder Satan is sitting in the chair laughing. Because he's got us to turn our swords against one another. No. No. Let's turn towards our enemy. Think about this. So, as we as we look in this and we we look at the character of our decisions, sometimes we look at the outside decision and we're so quick to judge somebody because of what they see because they do something different than how we were raised. But give it time. If it's wrong and if they are under character development and you're praying for them, God will bring them around. But what good are you doing for them if you're fuming? Didn't you want somebody to pray for you when you were a little bit off or a way off? I I thank God that I had praying people for me in the Samaritan church uh age. He says, "Unless we suffer with him, we cannot reign with him." You already know this quote. You have to suffer to reign. The reason for this is that character simply is never made without suffering. You know, it's funny. Maybe it's not. Lord, should I say this? It is funny to sit back sometimes, Brother Davey. I'm going to talk to you for a minute. Nobody else is here right now. And I, you know, I I've been to meetings and and youth camps and all kinds of things and I sit back sometimes and and it's funny to watch people look at other people. And you say, "Well, you're looking at them, too." I am. I've just admitted it to you. But you see, what I'm trying to tell you is is to watch their faces as they look at other people. What do you call that? What is that called, dear? Where's she at? What is that called? Their face has emojis or expressions or where's my wife? Subtitles. You're if the subtitles could talk, where were you at one day? Listen, you might have come out of the womb with perfection, okay? But you weren't. Let's just be honest. Our righteousness is filthy rags. We got to go back to the character. Character simply is never made without suffering. Character is a character is a That's a little better. Not a gift. Not a gift. You're not just going to sit there in that pew and say, "God, give me give me character. Give me give give me character. Let those gifts fall. Give me character." No. You got to do what we said this morning. You got to press. You got to fight for it. Hallelujah. A man without character can't reign, but Diotrophies thought he could. He can't reign because power apart from character is satanic. But power with character is fit to rule. You see again this is another portion of that possession. We have got to possess this character and it is my promise of victory. Hallelujah. He he says in another place, it's what I was trying to say last night. That spirit can be baptized into the spirit and still not be a Christian. You're living right off the same life, but the fruit you bear tells what you are. See, that's right. They can do all the signs, pray for the sick, heal the sick, and open the eyes, and cast out devils, and do all these things living right off the same life that's in there. But it's still a lemon. The fruits you're known, Jesus said. And so then we find out. That's why I said, listen, sometimes we just got to look at ourselves in the mirror and check our own character. See, I'm going to look at the fruits. This is something I told my church recently. I said, I'm not chasing rabbits. You said, what does that even mean? I'm not going to chase after everything. I'm gonna step back. I'm going to watch the fruits. It's like little children sometimes that come and tattle on one another. Come on, you deacons. You understand that? Pastors all around and evangelists, they did this and they did that and they did this and they did that and they did that. Listen, if we were running after every little rabbit that happens in the church, we got to sometimes watch the character, the fruits. We know again the true specifics that the prophet mentioned. I get that there are things uh I I get that there are things that the prophet of God lined right out for us. We should not deviate because they line up with the word. Not a prophet's opinion, but the word. And I even think that some of the prophet I I even think that the prophet's opinion should be looked at. We have we need to be careful with always saying it doesn't pertain to salvation too. How easy it can become. It doesn't pertain to salvation. It may not. But if we're not careful, we can say it so much that we might actually say it to the wrong thing. That's right. All right. You can spit that one out if you want. I wouldn't. I get that there are things that are left up to us. There are things that will be left up to you to make a decision on. You're going to There are going to be times you're going to have to make your own decision because you don't have a prophet to make the decision for you. I'm coming down. Don't worry. I'm coming down. You're going to have to make the decision for yourself. Churches and homes are sovereign. Your home is sovereign. Your home is sovereign. We can't be Pharisees in our own homes looking at someone else's home. We need to look at character and pray for that home. Not with I'm thankful that I'm not like that home. No, we're under character development. God, help my home to be an oasis that anyone that comes into this home, because what good is your home if it looks like a home of a prophet, but it has the spirit of Satan, right? Because if you don't have the right character, it's you know anyways realizing I I'm going to say this for myself realizing that I am not God's gift to this earth but he is everything to me. We cease to be ourselves and become his character. Basically what I'm saying is I'm not everything. He is my everything. He is my all. I get it. I have to as a pastor and as an a minister, we have to deal with both sides. There are people that you have to literally try to bring them because they have no self-esteem and you have to bring them all the way over here. I understand that. But then you got to get the other ones over here that are so high. I mean, you just said, "Come on. you're not that person and you got to bring him over here and sometimes brother David gets up here and you're like man what is he doing and the next time he's doing this and you don't know what's going but you have to trust the shepherd but what of the seed think about this as we coming down but what of the seed now this is I like what this commentator said here says can you dig up the plant and find its seed down at the bottom with the plant bits growing from its insides. No, it's essentially died to itself. It ceases to be a seed in order that the plant would live. It can no longer find its identity, identity in its old self, a seed. And in this way, it has died. It has ceased to exist as its original self. It's becoming something far different and lives a new kind of life. From the potential of life that is contained within the seed comes a new life capable of producing fruit. Where a seed cannot produce fruit, its plant form can. We got to quit being excited about just being a seed and start allowing oursel to have character development. You ain't producing fruit as a seed. You need to start growing and becoming a plant. Amen. Brother Brandham says if life was ever in it, then why wouldn't it just come forth, put it in the ground, the life spring forth, why does all that's around that life and all that around that germ that no man can find? How is it that everything material material around that germ has to die? So that so it can spring forth in a new life. But everything around it must die and rot before it can spring forth life. So it is with an individual. As long as there is any human injections, human ideas, then God's germ of life, the Holy Spirit cannot work. As long as Jeremy's still got anything to do with it, he cannot work. So, I've got to die. I've got to let this where you you say you're still I still see you. Yeah, you still see this old coat and you're going to see this old coat as long as we're here. But see, something has changed on the inside. Hallelujah. The old man is dead and there's a new life inside of me. And every day, his character is developing. And the only way that that character can develop is if I crucify the flesh daily. Is it too late for a change in our life? Is it too late for character development? I say no. He's still working on me. He's still working on you. We are still the bride of Jesus Christ. And he listen, the bride hath made herself ready. Listen, he has prepared. He has prepared his word for us. He has given us the dress. We are prepared. Listen, I want to put it on and I want his character. I want his character to be Listen, what good is carrying this again? If I have the wrong attitude, the wrong spirit, and all sorts of things, brothers and sisters, when we walk out them doors, what are you going to do when somebody steps on your toes? Not literally, but literally. I have seen it to where God, we had this type of service and the test came and the burning rubber happened. Character development. Is it too late? Let's stand for character development. You have a [Applause] choice. I don't even know if we know that song. I don't even know if I know that song. He's still working on me. How many knows that song? Is that a That's an old like Sunday school song, isn't it? Yeah. to make me what? I don't know. Hey, to make me what? It took him just a week to make the moon and stars, the sun and the earth and Jupiter and Mars. How loving and patient he must be. I don't even know what key. He's still working on me. Let's go higher. Give me a key, sister. [Music] If nothing else, we sang it once. Is he still working on you? Amen. He's still working on me. To make me what I ought to be. It took him just a week to make the moon and stars, the sun and the earth and Jupiter and Mars. How loving and patient he must be. He's still working on me. Sing it one more time. Oh, and he's still working on me. To make me what I ought to be. It took him just a week to make the moon and stars, the sun and the earth and Jupiter and Mars. how loving and patient he must be cuz he's still working on me. Aren't you glad that he's loving and patient for you? You're afraid to answer that, aren't you? Aren't you glad he's loving and patient for you? Shouldn't we be loving and patient for our brothers and sisters? Let's step back and let character development happen in our life and see what can happen in a church when we let the spirit of God develop us. It's more than just theology. There is actually a life. There's a growth that happens in daily. I mean it's just like this this excitement of God bless you my brother. God bless you my sister. And we go beyond the frustrations of this life. Can you just shake someone's hand now? Yeah, I can do one. No, you can't. Some of you Hallelujah. And it's happening a little bit. That's all right. Hallelujah. All right. Heavenly Father, you've been so good to us. Help me, Lord, to be good to someone else. Lord, I don't know what someone's going through. I may never know, Father, the moment I shake someone's hand or the moment I walk by. Lord, I pray that I could say the right words. God, help me to look at the charact to have the right character. Forgive me, Lord, for not having it when I should. Help me to grow. Bless this church. I I I sense, Lord, I I I sense a desire and a and a great presence, Lord, to want that and to grow, to be a light in this dark area. I pray that you would bless them, Father, to bind together the pastor, Father, and first lady, Lord, and and the ministry and all the officers and all of the efforts put together, Lord, the musicians, Lord. Everybody, Lord, push everything aside. All of the frustration and the troubles and trials, we're going to go through them. The church is going to have them. Every church will. Satan will see see to it. But yet, if we can come to that character development every day, realize that you have patience for us, we could have patience with one another. We thank you. We love you for this day, Father. As we worship you for a few moments, Lord, I pray that you would accept our worship because God, without you, we're nothing. We thank you for your word. We love you. Bless your people, but we love you in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you, brother Billy. I'll let you lead us in some worship. Amen. Amen. Did you enjoy that? That was refreshing. Amen. It's just so wonderful. You know, you you think about you hear the message. This is not just about scriptures putting together and everything. This is what we need for tomorrow morning. Yes. Amen. This is this is the this is when the rubber meets the road. This is the word that will give you overcoming power for tomorrow. And that's what we need. I so appreciate it. And and you know, even within our own lives, we have to always be reminded that there's a husbandman who's working and and when you see somebody in the bad shape, just let the husbandman in you go to work. Don't look at him and criticize, oh, that limb is dry and that part is not. Let the husband, let something within your heart and say, "Lord, I know you can water that tree. I know you can do. I know you could take away the dry limbs and just bring it right back to life and everything." He does for us every day. You know, we'll go and, you know, you know, as our brother spoke, you know, there's days where we go, everything is okay, and then there's a day where we lose it. You're like, you know, I thought I was a lot further than I am. What is it? It's God bringing you back, trying to trim that ego, you know, trying to to take away. Well, I know the mysteries and then all of this. Now, he's like, no, you here, you part of you're just like all the others. No big guy, no little you. You know, all we're trying to do is everybody at the post of duty serving God. That's our heart's desire. Amen. What song can we sing? You have one? No. This lot of mine. All right. This little light of mine. Let's try an F. This little light of mine. I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, let it shine. Let it shine. I let it shine. Oh, let it out. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, [Music] let it shine. Oh, let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, and I b Oh, I'm going to let it. Oh, and I b Oh, I'm going to let it. Oh, and I'm show Oh, I'm going to let it. Oh my [Music] little [Applause] shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Don't let it blow up and don't let it blow it out. I'm going to let it Oh, I don't blow it up. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, I know. Let it out. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. [Music] Oh sh Oh no. Oh sh. Oh it is high. It is high. It is high. Hallelujah. And that's what we want to do. We want to go out of here shining the light of Christ within our lives. And and I love it. I mean, I don't want to repreach what's been praised, but it's it's a conscience decision. It's it's when you are in the right mind to know that this is the devil. Uh you know, because if you lose that consciousness, that's when we blow it up, right? But you need that consciousness of the word of God in you to know that this is not that person. And this is the enemy trying to attack me to get me out of my elements. This is the enemy trying to shake me up so I lose it. I'm not going to lose it because there's a life of Christ in me and I'm going to in fact I'm going to pray for that person so God can touch their lives. Amen. That we may be I love it. that we may be all bound together, you know, as a just a beautiful bouquet that God is building for himself from all nations, from all every places that God has gathered together. You know, I've always said that nobody can put all of this together. I mean, we have different interest. We love different things. We eat different foods. We dress differently. We talk different languages. Who can do this? Who is it? It's God in the purpose of himself building what he wants to build. And this alone ought to tell us that God is here doing a great work. Oh my. Amen. Amen. How many appreciate brother Jeremy? Let's just give him a hand of applause. Thank you very much. Thank you for the word. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Let's sing God is good all the time. Amen. Oh, if you're walking through the valley. Oh, and the shadows all around. Oh, I do not fear. Oh, I [Music] will. He will keep you safe. Hallelujah. Not your promise must be his promise. Oh, and I'll forsake you. Oh, and his word is true. God is good all the time. Oh, he put a son in this is good all the time. Go into the darkest night. Oh, his light will shine. God is good. Oh, God is good all the time. Oh, I will save. Oh, so I'm [Music] worthy. Hallelujah. Oh, as we his holy spirit. Oh, now he can stand to my heart. Oh, and I love hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, God is good all the time. Oh, and he put us on [Music] this is good all the time. Oh, and light will shine. God is good. God is good all the time. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother Tim Sal, if I could just come and miss. Amen. Amen. Pray you've been blessed being in the house of the Lord today. Amen. Amen. You know, there's a statute in his word that says judgment begins at the house of God. Let's not let it stop. Let's let it continue. His word is discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. I believe he's met our needs tonight. And let's bow our heads. Our gracious and kind heavenly father, we thank you, Lord, once again for expression of yourself to us, Lord. It's a quickening power, Lord. It goes beyond even our our thoughts, our minds, down into the heart of the matter where we really live. Lord, may we have an everlasting benefit, Lord, for having been in the service tonight, Lord. May you just continue to develop, Lord, is you you said in your word that I am the vine, ye are the branches, and the branches bear the fruit. Lord, may we we be that life expressed. Lord, it can only come from the branch that has everlasting life. Lord, this world is desiring to see love expressed. Yes. And the only real true love is in the bride of Christ. Lord, may you continue to develop that love in us, Lord. May we draw ever closer to you, Lord, as we bind our hearts together, Lord. We we pray that you just continue to be with those that are apart from us, Lord. The sick, the needy, the absentees. Even in this service tonight, Lord, there's many we can look around and say, "Oh, how I miss them. I desire that they be in the house of God. Help us, Lord." Yes. Lord, may your word continue to benefit us throughout the week as we just endeavor to serve you and draw closer to you. Provide for our needs. Go with us. Give us traveling mercies on the roads, the highways, the byways, on the job, wherever it may be. Lord, we trust in you. And as a songwriter said, Lord, I can't even walk without you holding my hand. May it be our comfort. Lord, give us strength. We pray as we go from here. We just have a a joy within. Lord, we ask these things in the lovely name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Man, just uh remember those that are out and if you didn't see somebody, just pray for them that the Lord will give them an opportunity for them to be able to come to church. Amen. I believe there's enough if there's enough love within our hearts, God can do anything. Amen. That's our hearts. his eye. Let's just remember our pastor and as we go, God bless you. Oh, think about his love. Oh, and think about his goodness. Oh, and think about his grace. Oh, that's brought us through. [Music] For as high as the heavens above, so great is the measure of our father's love. Oh, so great is the measure of our father's love. Oh, and think about his love. Oh, and think about his [Music] goodness. Oh, and think about his grace. Oh, and has brought [Music] us. For as high as the heavens abound, so great is the measure of our father's love. Oh, great is the measure of our Father's [Music] love. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. You do. [Music] Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Hey, you know where [Music] [Music]
