################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-22 - [2025-06-22pm] Sunday Evening Service  Br. George Smith - George Smith.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-22
Title:    [2025-06-22pm] Sunday Evening Service | Br. George Smith
Speaker:  George Smith
Church:   Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 18m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vfku3L8fs84
========================================

Description:
Br. George Smith
Christian Life Tabernacle
June 22nd,, 2025
Bedford, Texas

The church body of Christian Life Tabernacle began in 1978 when David McGeary moved to Texas from Arizona and began pastoring a small group of believers in Haltom City. Presently located in Bedford, Christian Life Tabernacle is a City set on a Hill in the middle of the Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area.

Christian Life strives to be a witness to the DFW area by proclaiming the Gospel of Jesus Christ that has been restored in its fullness by God through His servant William Marion Branham. As an angel messenger to the Gentile church age described in Revelation 3:14-22, this Prophet’s Message was supernaturally vindicated by God to be the Truth, and ministered an exodus from the creeds and doctrines of this Laodicean church world.

"Not for one moment do I bring a message to the people that they may follow me, or join my church, or start some fellowship and organization. I have never done that and will not do that now. I have no interest in those things, but I do have an interest in the things of God and people, and if I can accomplish just one thing I will be satisfied. That one thing is to see established a true spiritual relationship between God and men, wherein men become new creations in Christ, filled with His Spirit and live according to His Word. I would invite, plead and warn all to hear His voice at this time, and yield your lives completely to Him, even as I trust in my heart that I have given my all to Him. God bless you, and may His coming rejoice your heart." - William Branham
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Hallelujah. [Music] Do you [Music] feel there? Heat. Heat. [Music] Where are you? [Music] And let's all stand and let's sing that to the Lord. Oh, and let the weak say I am strong. Oh, let the poor say I am rich. Oh, let the blind say I can see. Oh, and what the Lord has done in me. Oh, and let the we say I am strong. Oh, let the poor say I am rich. Oh, let the blind say I can see. Oh, what the Lord has done. Ohana [Music] to the lamb I will say. Oh, [Music] Jesus God. Oh, into the river. I will my sins. I washed away. Oh, from the heavens. [Music] Oh, and after the Savior's love for me. Oh, and I will find water. Oh, into the sea. Ring arms of God. Oh, I will sing songs. Oh, Jesus Christ. Oh, [Music] [Applause] [Music] to Jesus. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Hosanana toana. [Music] Oh Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad he's alive tonight? Hallelujah. I love you, Lord, [Music] for your mercy never fails me. In all my days, I'll be fed in your hand. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. Hallelujah. All my life you have been so so good with every breath that I can be able. Oh, I will sing of your goodness. Hallelujah. Oh, and I love you. Oh, and you have led me through the fire in darkness now. Oh, and you are closer than no other. I know you as a father. I know you as a friend. Oh, I have a living God. All my life you have been faithful. Hallelujah. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am, [Music] I receive of the goodness of God. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad for his faithfulness? Aren't you glad for his goodness? Amen. That he keeps us and he walks with us. And amen. When we are wrong, he corrects us. He Amen. is a faithful God. But as Jerome, if we could just come and open our service tonight. Amen. So good to be gathered in his presence. Amen. [Music] Let us go to God in prayer. Heavenly Father, we thank you once again for the opportunity to be assembled in your presence, Lord God. This has been a great day, Lord God, that the Lord has made and we will be glad and rejoice in it. Lord, we want to thank you for just being God all by yourself. For meeting every one of our needs, Lord God, when mother and father forsake us, the Lord will lift us up. We thank you, Lord, that in the midst of all our trials and all our tribulations, you have been God all by yourself. Lord God, we're so grateful, Lord God, for an opportunity to be assembled in your presence, Lord God. We live in the last and evil days, Lord God, when men's hearts are waxing cold. I'm so grateful that you placed a desire within my heart to be found in church. Lord God, there are so many other places I could have been and things that I could have done, but I know it's only by the grace and the mercy of God that I'm assembled here, Lord God. I once walked in darkness, Lord God, but you showed me a marvelous light, Lord God. I pray even now, Lord God. As the brother said this morning, I don't understand your word, but I believe it, Lord God. And I don't know why you've opened my eyes and opened my ears to hear and to see what thus sayeth the Lord. I'm believing by faith that I'm your bride. I'm believing by faith that heaven is my home. I'm believing by faith that I'm assembled with believers of like mind and like passions. Lord God, I pray for the man of God tonight and for the word of God that it would be ministered and blessed in such a mighty way. So often, Lord God, we don't read our Bibles. So often, Lord God, we don't listen to tapes. But even now, Lord God, we'll assembled here to hear from heaven. And we pray and ask in the name of Jesus that you would open up a window and pour us out a blessing that we won't have room to receive. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Welcome you back in the house of God. Amen. You may turn around and welcome someone tonight. Amen. [Music] And let's sing meeting in the air. You may have your seats. Amen. [Music] Oh, you have heard of little Moses in the B rush. You have heard of fearless David and slain. You have heard a total sword of dreaming Joseph and of Jonah and the whale we often see. Oh, and there are many many others to the Bible. I like to meet them all to declare. Who am I? And by the Lord you should be at the meeting [Music] when there is [Music] going to be over There we are. I sing you never heard my glorious land and I will be the [Music] many oh All the corners will have no place at all. For there will never be a servant which s for refus [Music] and there will be no lonish [Music] will be true Oh my be. [Music] Oh, and there is glory to be the sweet. I am I'm going to lead you with you over there. [Music] Oh my gosh. [Music] Italy. [Music] away. Oh, sir. [Music] Someone can wait. Oh, and I will have a wedding. [Music] And there is glory to be for your sweet. I am and I'm going to meet you over there. [Music] Oh my sing to the glorious I [Music] will be joy sing again when I will be missing all together. [Music] Oh, there will be no coming into this when the angel will be busy far away. Oh sh. [Music] Oh, and all who have the wedding garments will be praised. Oh my [Music] is going to be for the sweet sweet and I want you return to the land [Music] I sing all the glorious [Music] and [Music] some folks are building hopes down here the plenty. I hear all so busy with their fortunes they forgot what Jesus said. Oh, and about the wars of hatred and the victory bitingly. Oh, that there's a group of people getting ready. Oh, I am ready to live in the twinkling of the night. Oh king [Music] have preparation for reason and I will not getting ready to be a sinner was the reason for you oh and waste a day in Christ you come just a Let it go and feel the spirit calling your way to Calvary. Go in the number getting ready to leave. Oh, I am ready to live in the twinkling of the night. The king in my hand in the sky for the happy preparation for reason. [Music] Who and why you hesitating Christ will come to a city name. Oh the spirit calling your way to Calvary and get in the number getting ready. Oh I am ready to live in the twinkling of night. Oh, making investments in our bank in the sky. Happy preparation for a reason to [Music] put when this love is over. [Music] Fly away. Oh my sh [Music] [Applause] [Music] away. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, and away the shadow of this life before [Music] I fly. I'll find way [Applause] [Music] [Music] to hallelujah. [Music] Oh my [Music] Happy is your name. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] Oh, [Music] how far away [Music] my [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Aren't you glad you fly away? Amen. That's a promise to the believers. Amen. Amen. Brother Ben and Sister Hannah have a special Amen. If you could come at this time. God bless you. Amen. [Music] [Music] The blood that Jesus shed for me way back on Calary. [Music] Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose it. Oh, it reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, and it flows to the Lord. [Music] Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose it. It calms my fears and stills my doubts and it dries. It dries all my tears. [Music] Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose it power. Oh, for it reaches to the highest mountain and it flows to the lowest valley. [Music] Oh, the blood that gives me strength from day to day. It will never lose it. Oh, it soothes my doubts and calms my fears. And it dries all my tears. Oh, the blood that gives me strength. From day to day, it will never lose it power. For it reaches to the highest mountain. Oh, and it flows to the lowest valley. Oh, the blood that gives me straight from day to day. It will never lose. It will never lose. It will never lose [Music] it power. [Applause] Amen. Amen. I'm so thankful for the blood. You know, there's not enough we could say about it. That's the meeting place that God has given us that it's under the shed blood that we can come and and meet him. Amen. Amen. We uh have a testimony from Sister Rachel Bernette. She writes, um, "I want to thank the Lord for helping find the keys." Amen. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Amen. He's mindful of everything, man. Whatever bothers you bothers him. Amen. He wants to help you. She writes, "This morning I called Kohl's and and I went and they went to look but no keys. This afternoon I was praying and then it says and and and while I was praying I heard calls. So I called them and they and they had the keys." Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. They didn't have them and now they have them. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Amen. Uh we have some more requests up here. Sister Leslie writes uh brother Craig St. Hillary passed away. Um uh passed away uh I believe is this week. Um we certainly just pray that the Lord will keep sister Judy and all the family in prayer. I'm sure many of you know him. years to come to a church and we just pray that the Lord will be with the family at this difficult time and certainly strengthen them. Amen. Also, we know there was an email sent out about uh about the Frank family, brother Joseph Frank uh they lost he lost his sister named Carmel and she was only 29 years old and they had to fly back to Africa. We certainly pray that the Lord will also be with them. Amen. at this difficult time. From brother Darien is that writes uh the Araza family have an unspoken request I'd like to be remembered for. But Tommy writes, "Please pray for my aunt Debbie uh who's been in uh diagnosed with cancer." Amen. Um I believe it's ovarian. Uh it's in doing chemo. I certainly want to remember her tonight that uh the healing hands. Amen. Can certainly touch him and heal him. Amen. And I know there's nothing impossible for our God. Amen. Again from brother Darien is asking please pray for healing in the body of brother Fernando is in the hospital uh with liver concern. We read it this morning. Uh also brother Gabriel is in the hospital with kidney failure from brother Leonte. We want to continue to pray for that. Amen. Amen. If you have a need upon your heart tonight just lift your hand out to him. I believe every time we got in his presence, amen, it's an opportunity to ask that he can manifest the supernatural in our midst. Amen. The brothers that are taking the offering, if you could come, brother Leonte, if you could just come and take this knees before the church. Amen. [Music] [Music] By the word of God, we know 100% he is here. He is among us. Amen. So by by the word of God, every situation, every situation, we stay face to face to God. never went back on the same way when he came here. Amen. 100%. So we know he is here. We know who we pray to. We know who we glorified our God. It's every day with us. No one from here can say if God will not be on our side, we can be here tonight. No, he knows everything and he will protect us and he will be with us to the end. Let's approach God and we want to pray for all our heart. You know sometimes we are like a like a guest. Sometime we just you know try to you know uh uh just fill up or something emptiness but let's let's be part of the church. Let's be part of the you know the body. Let's pray. Open your heart. Open your mind, open your mouth and pray to God and say, "Lord, we want to be part of this body. We want to be part of the church. Lord, we just want to be, you know, on the same thought, same mind, same heart and everything is possible when the church is coming together, one soul, one heart. So we have families with we struggle in their lives. We have people which they they don't know how to come together. by the God's mercy can intervene and do everything to be peace in the families because we need that. So let's approach God with all our heart. Heavenly Father, we want to thank you for every opportunity which you give it to us to be in your house to glorify your your name. It's no name given to us under the the sky to worship. Your name is the the highest name Lord. So we came we humble oursel you know everything before we we we you know we try to speak Lord you know all the request you know everything before that we want to just come in front of you and ask your blessing every request Lord bless our church bless our families Lord let your peace to be dominating in their co their house between husband and wife, let's be Lord your presence to be filled up all the emptiness in the houses. Lord, the Satan is fighting so hard. Lord, they want to do a war between you know in the families but we just reject every spirit in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ and we just say victory over every family in the church Lord and you deserve all the glory. We want to bless your name. Bless our church. Bless the message, Lord. Everything what we do here, we just wanted to glorify your name. We want to glorify your presence, Lord. We are nothing without you. Everything what we are, Lord, we are for you and through you, Lord. And the Holy Spirit be leading, you know, our mind, renew our mind, our soul, everything. But it's in us. We just want to surrender to your you know, to you. and the speed of the Holy Spirit just take a hand and just mold us Lord exactly how you wanted us to be and everything I will ask in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray amen let's just sing now oh there is a fountain filled with blood drawn from Emers [Music] watch that flock will lose all the king. Oh, and all the king. [Music] Halleluers [Music] that fly. lose all the he [Music] found in his name. Oh [Music] my. Oh, I see. Oh, [Music] and wash all my sash. [Music] Wash all my sins away. [Music] May I know my show my sle [Music] shall never lose his and son church of God. I sing to sing. Oh, and I sing to sing. [Music] I sing I sing to sing [Music] church of God I sing to sing. Hallelu. Amen. Sister Delina has a special Amen. If she can bring it in this time. [Music] They show whisp [Music] [Music] So I feel for me say so now for a Oh, no. [Music] No. I us [Music] no Say for a more [Music] say So now for a more [Music] for [Music] now for a Oh [Music] sh [Music] no I sound no for my There is now for a more [Music] Go to the Bord say no for a more [Applause] Amen. Man, let's all stand as we get ready for the word and key of F. Let's sing the great emancipator. Amen. Oh, was my heart and soul fed. [Music] Oh, and my abing change of sin. Oh by the great might. Oh he set me free to worship me. Oh singing glory. Let's just sing it as you even at this time. Oh my god, [Music] [Laughter] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] my coloss. All my life [Music] [Applause] [Music] helpless and the Lord [Music] the sinking [Music] Take me to my heart. Oh, let's just worship him. Amen. Please, [Music] glory, hallelujah. Blessed be his holy name. He the great mighty. [Music] Amen. You know, you think about it, what it would like to be in slavery. You know, every morning somebody telling you right where to be and whipping you with a whip and keeping you from everything you'd want to do and then one day you're set free and you can go where you want to go and do what you want to do. And you know, it's it's sad how people won't go free. They have freedom, but they don't know free life. When when they let the Jews were were liberated from the concentration camp for years afterwards, they lived in those very same camps because they didn't have no place to go. Aren't you glad you've got a place to go? Amen. Some of you can go to someone that'll lead your path. Some of that'll provide for you so you don't have to stay right where you're at. Don't be a Johnny Crow where you only go so far when the the whole the whole heavens little flock. It's the father's good pleasure to give you the kingdom. It's all yours. Once again, we're privileged to have brother George with us tonight and we won't waste any time. would just turn the service over to him and and uh ask him to share with what's on his heart tonight. I couldn't get him to sing for us. He says he starts squeaking now when he used to really be able to sing, but maybe we'll work on that. When I was young, like the lady there, I could sing that song, but not today. Thank you. Thank you. You may be seated. It's good to be here tonight and to fellowship on the word of God. And um we're going to take a break from the book of Acts and go in another direction. But before we get into the lesson tonight, we just want to take a few minutes to um make it plain that God's word comes in sections. We're living in the seventh church age and there's a message for us. But throughout history there's a um how does this work? Um so throughout history, God has used some ministries over and over again. Used Moses a couple of times. But there's one ministry that he used five times throughout history. Elijah. And there's only the bride members and the people of Israel that understand Elijah because they studied him from the ground up from from a child. They're studying about Elijah and what he was and the way he was. And so when it comes to, you know, what we believe, uh, there's a similarity, you know, so Elijah was first mentioned in the Bible because our Bible is of utmost importance. First of all, don't ever think that, well, it's just another book. No, this is the word of God. And such that brother Brandham said, you never put anything on top of your Bible. not even my books," unquote, which there wouldn't mean many books back then anyway, but uh this is God's word. And you know, it's a marvelous book because it was written by 40 different authors writers only one author, Jesus Christ, but the 40 uh writers lived on three continents, spoke three different languages over a period of 1500 years. impossible to make something like that work even with computers and AI and everything else. But um it all points to one person, Jesus Christ. So when Jesus came, they only had the Old Testament. Everybody understand that? New Testament wasn't written till years later. So they only have the Old Testament and it's their Bible until today only. And um it was a translation of the Hebrew text which was actually 200 years uh previous to Christ. And so this is what the the disciples read. That's what they believed and even Paul. But Elijah is the only one in the Bible God uses five times. And um so today they're waiting for him. the the the genuine Jews believe that Elijah will show up first. They know the Messiah is coming. They're very aware any time now. And u and so but they say but first we'll see Elijah. He'll either be right beside him or two steps in front of him. You know, so his name means God is Jehovah. Elijah is first mentioned in first Kings 17:1. He was a dweller of uh Gilead. Uh he was a Tishbite. Tishp is the town where he came from. Now these are all facts. We went over there one time, had some time, hired a driver, took us over, and here's here's Tishp where Tish was. It's just some rocks now, but um it's on the other side of the river Jordan. It's the first mention of him. He was a man of the wilderness. He was rough and a person that was totally obedient to God. Okay. And um everyone that followed the other four that followed Elijah were the same characteristics. Very interesting. Each one was a prophet. Each one believed and participated in the supernatural and they worked miracles and God backed them up. So that's Elijah. Then there was Elisha. Now, why are they very similar? I don't know. And you'll find Brother Brandham sometimes putting one for the other, but he knew the difference. I got a friend in where's he at? In um I think he's in Argentina. Anyway, so his mother solved the problem. She called him Elijah. Elisha. That's his name. But Elisha comes along. He was anointed by Elijah. And that's in First Kings chapter 19. And um then we have John the Baptist, but he's announced in Malachi 3. So we got Elijah first kings, got Elisha, 2 Kings. In Malachi 3, John the Baptist is is announced, you know, another appearance of Elijah. And uh he's prophesied 400 years before Jesus came on the scene. But in Malachi 4, chapter chapter 4:es 5 and 6, there's two people there. And it's cleared up in in Luke 1:13 by the voice of the prophet by angel Gabriel 13-20. And Jesus clearly identified him in Matthew 11:10, Mark 1:2, and Luke 7:27. And uh these writers were looking at it from different angles, but they were saying the same thing. But there's this there's a fourth Elijah mentioned right there at at the end of the New Testament of the Old Testament um in the last part of Malachi 4:6 which will turn the heart of the children back to the fathers. There's obviously two people that he's talking about you know and so for each expression of these prophets there's got to be a fulfillment somewhere. Jesus himself spoke over in Matthew 17 in verse u 10 where he said over here in verse 11 they're coming down from the mountain and Jesus answered and said to them Elijah truly shall first come and restore all things okay that's future okay they should but the the disciples are like some of us a bit thickheaded you know but I say unto you that Eli that Elijah has already come and he switches gear on him and uh they knew him not, but have done unto him whatsoever they uh you know desired. Likewise shall also the son of man suffer of these same people. And the disciples understood that he spake of them of John the Baptist. And that's as far as everybody goes, but he's speaking of something else. Now, um Dr. Scoffield was a lawyer and then he got into the Bible and he didn't have a computer only pen and p paper pencil and yet he figured out all these these cross references and everything and his work was finished by January 1, 1909. Okay, way back there. And he says down here of those verses we just read, all the passages must be construed together. One, Christ confirms the specific and still unfulfilled prophecy of Malachi 45 and 6. H Elijah shall truly first come and restore all things. Why didn't I see that when I was a kid? It's in every B all the Baptist churches have the same Bible. But anyway, we are living in the time of the fulfillment of the fourth Elijah. So the fifth Elijah is in Revelations 11:3-13 and they are over there waiting for him any day now. It's prophesied that he would come and nobody can change it. No matter what your theology is, it won't change and he'll be like the other four lover of the wilderness and so forth. So God knows what he's doing. He doesn't need our help. He doesn't need our opinions. But I just want to leave that, you know, in concrete. the five comingings of Elijah. But tonight, we're going to look at another subject here. Jesus and three women. Now, some of you probably heard that before, but some of you weren't here and some of you weren't paying attention. So, we're going to go over it again. Okay. So, scripture records, and we're going to look into where's it at? Luke chapter 8 to begin with. Luke chapter 8. Very uh wonderful scripture here where Jesus is ministering Luke 8 verse one. And it came to pass afterward after all these things in verse chapter 7 that he went throughout every city and village preaching and showing the glad tidings of the kingdom of God. And the 12 were with him. So we got 13 people. Okay. Verse two. and certain women which had been healed of evil spirits and infirmities such as Mary Magdalene, out of whom went seven devils. Yeah. And Joanna the wife of Chusa Herod Steward and Susanna and many others which ministered unto unto him of their substance. So we have a little group of about 20 people going from village to village preaching, praying, you know, covering the the land of Israel. Scripture records that many women follow Jesus. Some are named, many are not. Okay? And thank God we have a Bible with details. You just got to get in there and read it. You can't put it under the pillow. Maybe it'll come in by osmosis. No, it doesn't work. You got to read the Bible. Okay? So, God has sent us a restoration prophet as we just read in Matthew 17. And um he's come to to make it real to us, okay? bring us back to the original faith, the original word. And we have a sure word of prophecy. It's not stories. It's not fables. It's reality. Okay? The truth of God. So God does not say, you know, let's try this and what what do you all think about it? That's not the way God operates. No, God operates this will work. You know, so God is perfect. He knows everything from the beginning to the end. And he's always very well balanced. You can count on that. I'm not making it up. It's just the facts. Yeah. See, I always check the pulpit. See if it's balanced first. But um women did not commonly travel with uh a rabbi, which is a religious leader. Okay? They had very strict codes of conduct back then that put a distance between women and the Jewish leaders. So much so that by the time Jesus came along, a rabbi was not even allowed to speak to his wife in public. Yeah, she's back there about maybe 10 steps and everybody knew that was his wife, but there was no communication. Okay, so these Jewish religious laws were put in place to to ensure moral purity. But just like then, like today, there's no such law. It doesn't work, you know. So the Jewish men in general and the teachers of the law in particular such as Jesus, the Pharisees, those that knew their Bible, uh they were to have to as little to do with women as possible. But then Jesus came on the scene, started ministering, fulfilling the scriptures. Remember, we got a perfect book. And um but there's only one author. So not only did Jesus speak to women in public, but he took them by the hand. And so he encouraged them to follow the truth. That's why we have women here, you know, to follow the truth. And there's no indication that Jesus ever discouraged women from being his followers. And it's probably just hit the Jews the wrong way. We have these laws. Now you come along and and you're doing this different. They couldn't handle the changes. So many people are offended in the 21st century when God blesses one of our ladies, you know, and they have an idea or they want to teach the Sunday school, whatever they're doing, and you better watch it. Relax. God is in control, you know. So balance is not an option. It is essential, you see. So when you read the New Testament, you will find women listen very carefully to his teachings. Uh they accompanied him accompanied him on his travels. Who was standing by at the crucifixion? The women in John. Where was the rest of those mighty warriors? The man with the keys. Over there in the shade someplace. Wonder if this is really going to work out, you know. And the women was the ones that gave witness to the resurrection. They're the ones that ran to tell the others. So they eventually helped spread the message throughout the Roman world. Okay. Now in those days and some of this of course is you know not plain in the scripture but we can imagine that in those days there was a godly family that followed prophet Moses very close repeated his words. They studied his his uh his teachings and so forth. They learned to quote his words. They were walking the truth that they knew. and they had several children. Okay. But one of the girls in the family began to look at popular fashions, maybe wear a little different shoe than what she was supposed to, and um began hanging out with some of the friends that were not quite as well-versed in the word. And they begin to fill her head with worldly things very different from the teaching she had at home. and Satan drove a wedge separating her from the truth. So she began to walk another path. What a girl in a godly family. Okay. And this might have gone on for several years. But one day, John chapter 4, this is case number one. In John chapter 4, we have the case of what we know as the woman at the well. We don't know her name, but almost every recording, Brother Miranda mentions her, and she's over there waiting for us. John 4:3, he left Judea and departed again into Galilee. So, he's going north, okay? and he must need to go through Samaria, you know. And there came and they came to a city of Samaria called um called Saikar near to the parcel of ground that Jacob gave to his son Joseph and that's where Jacob's well is. Okay. So he's going he had to go there because the father had already showed him uh a vision. Now Jerusalem to Saikar is about 32 miles. Verse six. Now Jacob's well was there. Jesus therefore being weary from his trip from his journey sat down next to the well and it was about the sixth hour. And we're not going to argue about what time it was but the prophet said it was about noon. He was very hungry from the from the journey. Verse 7. And there came a woman of Samaria to draw water. And Jesus all of a sudden said to her, "Hey, I need a drink." didn't waste any time about who you are, who's your dad, and all this stuff. I need a drink. Now, it's about noon. He's tired. He's hungry, weary from his trip. And uh he knew the rules. It's not a problem. He didn't he wasn't ignorant. Uh but he knew exactly what he was doing. Now the honorable women such as you all would have come in the early morning or in the evening because it's hot just like it is here today 90° in the shade. So the honorable women go up when it's cool you know common sense or they come in the evening and uh but the troublemakers you know those other people they had to come in the heat of the day maybe 100 110 degrees in the shade. Now, these other people weren't necessarily the poor people, but this woman is a prostitute. She's a marked prostitute, okay? Because she went away from the teaching of the home. She got involved with these other people, and she's drifting over in this direction. And we don't know how long she was there, but she was on this journey, okay? And she comes out in the middle of the day. And so the disciples, you know, supposed to be watching after the master. They had gone in town to get some food and he was there alone. And yes, they had segregation. Verse nine, then saith the woman of Samaria. Okay, now he's already asked for a drink. And then she says, "How is it that you being a Jew ask of me a drink? I'm a woman of Samaria. For the Jews have no dealings with Samaritans." Hm. Strict segregation. You're there. I'm here. You see, but Jesus was the one that served as a bridge. Now, before you go to sleep, I already see somebody over there. Okay, wake up. You don't want to come down there. But um the fact is that Jesus came to open a new way. Okay? And everyone was welcome to participate. It's open for everybody. You know, the door swings open all the time here. Everybody's welcome here. Church is like a hospital. Nobody's checking papers at the door. Come in free. But the word will decide who gets to stay and who's got to leave. And so this turned the world upside down. The bridge is described very accurately in John 3:16. Plain gospel truth no matter who repeats it. For God so loved the world. How much? So loved the world. Everybody's welcome. Yeah. No discrimination with God. You know, he freely gave his only begotten son. And that bridge is the gap between sinful mankind and a holy God. There's got to be a bridge someplace. So the bridge is available to all, not just the white people, the black people, Latinos, Chinese, whatever. It's open to everybody. No. And uh but not all believe. Why don't we have 500 people packed in here tonight? Now, I want to do I want to give you a real pat on the back that some of you came back without asking for gas and food and shelter because you took away all the the Yeah. But you know, he took all that away, but you came back to hear the gospel. So not all believe. So it becomes a it becomes a narrow path very quickly that whosoever that's anybody that believes in him should not perish but have everlasting life. And then it goes on to say in verse 17, for God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world. He didn't come with a club to beat on everybody, but that the world through him might be saved. His mercy extends to everybody. He that believeth on him is not condemned. But he that believeth not, you know, can't believe is condemned already because he hath not believed what? In the name of the only begotten son of God. And that's the that's the theme throughout all the book of Acts is the name. They were thankful that this man's healed or that whatever happened, but just don't use that name because thousands are flocking to it. So this way, you know, the way, the truth, and the life, this way is only for serious believers, only people that will drop everything and come to church Sunday night. It's not for doubters. It's not for mockers. It's not for agnostics, not for people on the internet. No, it is not a game. And this is not a religion. This is not like the Baptist Church over there or any place else. This is life. You see, it's the only path to eternal life. It all begins at the foot of the cross. Now, the prophet says over here in 1954, Jesus Christ came on the earth and he talked to a woman at the well, which was a Samaritan, him being a Jew, just a different in race. And he let her know right quick, there's no difference in the races. God was seeking those that would worship him in spirit and in truth. Yes, they had segregation, no dealings, no fellowship, but Jesus was the bridge. You see? Okay. Chapter 4:10. And Jesus said unto her, so she he's already asked for drink. Then she comes up with this argument, you know, hey, you over there, leave me alone. And Jesus said, if you knew the gift of God and who it is that saith to give to me, you know, give me a drink. You would have asked him and he would have given you living water. She had never heard that before. What in the world are you talking about? you know, and he went on extending the conversation about the water, discerning her uh very interesting case. And then finally she responds down here in 15, the woman said unto him, "Sir, give me this water that I thirst not." So she kind of got a little revelation there. Well, if you got this water, give it to me. I I'm tired of coming out here, you know, and don't have to come out here to draw. And so, uh, then he got straight to the point. Okay, enough about water. Um, he says here in 16, "Go call thy husband and come here." Now, what's that got to do with the water? Well, we're talking to the son of God. You know, he he knows what he's talking about. And so, our sister was probably very beautiful. Now, the gentleman that sang a while ago, he's kind of got his eye on that little girl. looks like she's about 13 years old, right? She's really 21. So, so he chose a beautiful girl. Nobody chooses ugly girl, right? She's always the last one on the line. So, this girl here was probably very beautiful. She had no trouble attracting men. She just had a problem keeping the man, you see, and she was thirsting, but she didn't know how to satisfy that godly thirst. See, nothing else will satisfy nothing. only the presence of the living God. Now, our pastor was late at lunch today because he was dealing with some people. They were hungry for God. They want to know more about it and and he's telling them so something is stirring in them. They just need more of the living water, you know. And so, um so she had had five husbands. Now, there's no need to argue about it. Look, I talk to people all the time and there's some people that I'm probably going to see soon. Well, they she really was wasn't married to them. No, she was. Says right here. You had husbands. You had a contract. You broke it. They left, you know, five times. And uh the one she had the night before uh you know, she was attracted to this last one, but she wasn't too sure about him. That's on tape, too. So, verse 17, let's say say here, "And the woman answered and said, I have no husband." And Jesus said, "You have said, 'Well, I have no husband because you had five, you were married to five different men, and um he whom thou now hast is not thy husband." And um so you've told the truth. So So where where to you know where to stand still here? He says, "Go get your husband." Hey, who you think you're fooling with? I don't have a husband. Yeah, you're telling the truth, honey. You've had five. And the one you got last night, he's not yours. So you're telling the truth. You have no husband. Okay. So verse 19, "And the woman said unto him," sir, I perceive that thou art a prophet. H I wonder why. So she goes into her declaration of her beliefs in verse 20 and the differences. when he spoke to her telling her things of her past, the details, she was probably very uncomfortable, you know, and she immediately went on the defense, her ideas of race, religion, because the Samaritans were experts on going on defense. Now, I run into people all the time, what was it like being around Brother Brandham? Well, it was very natural because he was the father of the girl that I loved. you know, he wasn't, you know, pointing out all my mistakes all the time, but yeah, I wish I could have been there and pointing out your mistakes and and how sorry you treated your wife this week and how you didn't pay taxes last year or whatever. No, it'd get uncomfortable. And here he's telling this woman, you know, about the fact that she had five and the one you got. So, she's very uncomfortable. So, the Samaritans were experts on defense. You see, nearby where they're where they were standing, uh, was Mount Ebal, Eb. That's where Moses commanded them to build an altar celebrating the Israelites entering into the promised land. Also on Mount Ebal, is where Joshua renewed Israel's covenant with God in Joshua chapter 8. But the Samaritans, for whatever reason, believe that this other mountain over here, Mount Garrettsim, was the only true place of worship. So that's their, you know, that's their go-to place. So they built an altar there in 400 BC. But 272 years later, the Jews destroyed that altar, adding enmity between the two groups. So they're they're fussing all the time. And so the woman at the well had her ammunition ready and she used it to challenge Jesus. You're telling me about my past? Hey, I got something to say, too. But he calmed her down to verse 21. And Jesus said,"Woman, believe me, the hour is coming when ye shall neither in this mountain nor at Jerusalem worship the father. You all worship what you know not." In other words, you know, um, we know what we worship, for salvation is of the Jews. And the hour is coming and now is when the true worshippers shall worship the father in spirit and in truth. Okay, that's where this comes in. It can be a lot of spirit or it can be a lot of truth, but it's got to be balanced. Spirit and truth. Very important. God is a spirit and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. If you didn't catch it the first time. Okay. 25. And the woman said unto him,"I know the Messiah is coming. You we know that which is called the Christ. When he has come, he will tell us all things." So she had some truth up there in the head. And Jesus said, "I that speak unto thee am he. I am here." This is one-on-one. It's not a congregation. One-on-one, you know. So the fact is that she had paid attention back home in their Bible classes. Now we're not going to call it Sunday school because that wasn't invented till 1750. So some truth had lodged in her memory. She had been a long time on this detour. We don't know how long. All she needed was an encounter with the fountain of truth. She had a correct spirit. She did not reject truth. Okay. But she was on the defense. Sure. anybody would be. So her spirit was right. She needed more truth. She had representation in heaven. She was an elect seat of God just like you are, you know. And once she got a small drink of that special water, it was all over. She became an overcomer. She didn't have to sit, you know, and study the scrolls for three years. No, immediately when the blood of Jesus Christ now over here, of course, he hadn't died yet, but when you come in contact with truth, something happens. You know, Brother Ram says in thirsting for life, just take a drink from there, from the everpresent water. You'll never have to hear another sermon on morals, how to dress, how to act, how to conduct yourself, because you've arrived. It takes care of all that, you see. But friends, you have to participate. You can't just come here and soak up the air conditioning. You got to participate. You got to be responsible. So, we got too many people that hear the word, they hear the tape playing, but they never participate. They're not a part of the picture. Yeah, we went to church. Really? Why you dressed like that? You did go to church, you know. So, they don't actually participate. They don't take responsibility for manifesting what they hear. Because you see, your life speaks louder than your words. You know, we all got the magic thousand phone and we can blah blah blah blah blah. But what about your life? You see, uh I've mentioned this before, but I only come by every year or two, so it's okay to repeat because some of you weren't even here last time. But you see there was a preacher 900 years ago. His name is Francis of Ais. He's a saint in the Catholic church. Oh, they got a saint for everything, you know, for the throat, for the head, for the ears, whatever. But um brother Ram said he was a preacher of the gospel. And he said, "Preach always. Use words when necessary." Yeah. So your life preaches when you walk out here and and you come to the first stoplight and when you go to McDonald's or wherever you go your life is projecting something you know so you preach everywhere preach always use words only when necessary when they ask a question okay so after she participated after she accepted and understood didn't take three months or years it was instantly the woman at the well was instantly turned into a lady a lady with something to tell. Okay. She took one drink from the inexhaustible fountain of living water. One drink is over. Okay. The prophet says over here in a man running from the presence of the Lord. This is February of 65 and he's praying. Now, let me just give you a little background on that particular message that you might be interested in. This is the first uh of five messages when he went back to Jeffersonville to preach on marriage and divorce. He been promising people for a long time. Yeah, we'll have a message on that. So, he's living in Tucson. He drove right through here, maybe through Oklahoma City. And when he was driving by himself, he didn't stop at the hotel. He'd stop in the shade maybe at night whenever he got tired, sleep for 20 minutes and move on. So he arrives in Jeffersonville uh very early on Wednesday morning. Well, the services don't start till Thursday night Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. Four services. It's in your phone. But he's there early Wednesday morning. People are a lot of people already gathered there. So he's thinking, well, I can't just sit up here at the house and go down there and get some inspiration from the people. So he goes down there. Well, here's church full of people and brother Neville saw him coming in. Oh, brother Bill, come on. He's got nothing. He's not prepared for for preaching. But he preaches that mighty message, a man running from the presence of the Lord. And in prayer, he says here, "Let the great Holy Spirit that came down on the mountain the other day in Tucson saturate every heart in here with his goodness and mercy with understanding." We realize, Father, that's what we need is to understand for if we do not know what we're doing, then how do we know how to do it? Great question. But we must have understanding. As Daniel said, he had understanding by the prophet Jeremiah's writing. And father, we have understanding by the Holy Spirit's writing as he will reveal it to us in this hour. He will reveal what you need, what you can handle at the hour you need it. He doesn't give you the whole thing at one time. You know, so over here in 2025, those that love the Lord Jesus, now that's not everybody, but the ones that love the Lord Jesus have understanding by the words of Prophet William Brandom. Because the scripture says in the days of the voice. That's these days. Okay? And it's the only one of the messengers that says in the days of the voice. The others are writing. So the true minister of God today says what has already been said. Not a private interpretation. I think and I figured out none of that nonsense. No, just let it live out naturally. So the message of William Brandham is the amplified version of the scriptures. Okay. So the woman at the well was case number one. She came in contact with the author of life. She took one drink of the water of life and instantly turned into a lady. And then she ran and told others. She wasn't preaching. She was just testifying. She got into action and it was too much to keep to herself. She had to share it with others. Does everybody understand? Okay. Case number two. John chapter 8. We might get out early tonight. Depends on customers attitudes. John chapter 8 verse one. Jesus went unto the Mount of Olives. What's he doing on the Mount of Olives? Huh? Good thing you got asked. And early in the morning, he came again to the temple, and all the people came unto him, and he sat down and taught them. Now, that's a very broad statement. See, it wasn't all the people. It was a group of believers. Okay? It wasn't the whole town. So what's he doing on the Mount of Olives from chapter 7 verse 53 right above it? And every man went unto his own house. But guess what? Jesus didn't have a house. So he went to the Mount of Olives. It's still there today. Back then it was all olives, olive trees. Um today it's big cemetery. And so um he spent the night at the Mount of Olives because they all went to their house. He went to the Mount of Olives. Verse two, early in the morning he came again to the temple. Okay. So you think he was sleeping under the trees? No. No. There's a cave over there u on the Mount of Olives that was just found about 200 years ago. And so wherever there would be olive trees, there's got to be an olive press. They didn't have transportation to carry the olives to the factory. No. So, wherever there's trees, there's got to be a place to to mash them and get the oil. And this is where it was. Well, so and also in um John 18, it mentions it also. So, they went over there. They slept in this little cave. Now, the next day, he he walks 600 yards back over to the temple. Okay. Now, here's Jesus early morning, maybe just right after sunup. He's sitting down teaching a large crowd of uh people there in the temple grounds because it wasn't church like this. The temple itself was is very small. Only the priests went in there. People are out there in the courtyard, you know, the parking lot. So, he's out there teaching the people. And all of a sudden, a group of very proud and arrogant Pharisees, all men, um they appear and they're dragging this woman by the arm very tightly. Her hair wasn't comb. She wasn't dressed well. And they interrupt him. It's all right there in your Bible. And they put her right in the center. And they pose a very loaded question to the master. And they probably each had a few rocks in their pocket because they were going to participate and fulfill the prophet's words. Okay. Verse four says here, "And they said unto him, master, this woman was taken in adultery in the very act." Now, we don't have to make that too much plainer. They drag her out of the bed. Okay. Verse five. Now, our prophet Moses in the law commanded us that such a person should be stoned. What do you say? They're trying to catch him, trying to make him look small. Well, if they had a half a brain, they would have known that the Moses said, "Bring both of them." So, they're only half right. just, you know, pointing out the facts here. And so they're trying to make Jesus look bad. He acts like he doesn't hear him. Uhhuh. So he goes down, he starts writing in the sand. Now, they think he's down there looking for a rock to help him, you know, but he's just writing in the sand. And um uh they he he could hear what they're saying. When they finish talking and accusing, he raised up. He looks around. He says, "I tell you what, boys. the one of you that's without sin, throw the first rock. Oh yeah, I did something wrong last week. So, you know, he gives him permission and he went down and started writing again and he erased it all. I got to say that because there are people that somehow they think that you can still find that over there. All the showbread in the temple, that's all gone. All that stuff is gone. It's been thousands of years. Okay. So when he uh went down and wrote again and he told them, you know, the one of you that's without sin, throw the first rock, with those words, they began to slip away. Everyone very quietly, we got a hot potato here. We better leave it alone. Yeah. What's it say in verse 9 of chapter 8? And they which heard it, you know, the bad boys, being convicted by their own conscience, went out one by one, beginning at the eldest, even to the last. And Jesus was left alone and the woman standing in the midst. Of course, there's still these believers that he was teaching there. You know, verse 10, when Jesus um had lifted up himself and saw none but the woman, he said,"Woman, where are your accusers? Uh, has nobody condemned you? And she said, "No, man, Lord." And Jesus said unto her, "Neither do I condemn thee. Go and sin no more." Now, this is a very different day for this woman. She's another prostitute. She's been in bed. They drug her out and now she's set free. Wow. So, by discernment, he was able to see her entire life. Neither do I condemn thee. Go and sin no more. So once again, a woman received life from the lifegiver. It turned her into a real lady all of a sudden and she went away to live a new life. But you see, history repeats. Religious leaders, people that knew the letter of the law, precise keepers of the prophetic words, and I've dealt with these people for 50 years. No, he said 'the' twice, not once. I mean, very, very picky. and they lose sight of the big picture, you know. So, they they were keepers of the prophetic word. They had a lot of truth, but they had no spirit. It didn't do anything for them. And so, in fact, they had a very bad spirit. Arrogant, selfish, full of pride, demeaning, always pointing the finger at somebody that wasn't obeying the rules the way they thought they should be. You see, the very epitome of arrogance. So our prophet said,"I would rather be wrong in my doctrine, you know, but right in my heart than to be right in my doctrine and wrong in my heart." Now let that sink in. It's very important. Attitude is everything. You can have it all by memory. I know people that can quote the whole book of Hebrews. Why? We got right here written. But what what's it done for you? I mean, I run into people all the time, preachers and whoever, and they got some things figured out and they can prove by all these quotes. Okay, that's what it says. But what's it done for you? What's Malachi 4 done for you? It has set us free. We're part of the big picture. So, right doctrine will not necessarily bring you to the right spirit, but the right spirit will always bring you to the right doctrine. Yeah. The truth. So spirit and truth must be a balance. Okay. The tape is called early experiences 1952 July. Now some people when they get born again they sit right in the middle of the road eyes on Christ. Here's the cross right here. Finally they get over here so much knowledge and wisdom. Oh they know it all. You don't know anything. And if they don't do that they run off to the other side. Bunch of wildfire fanaticism. That's right. But right in the middle of the road, there's the true, sound, unadulterated gospel and power of God. Balanced. So, we have to find that balance. How are we going to find the balance in our Christian life? You come here, you know, three times a week, the faithful, and you know, you're out there in the world. Okay, there's four simple steps that every person here can follow starting tonight. You read one chapter out of your Bible. Don't read the same chapter tomorrow. Read another one. These are minimum. At least one chapter. You read one page out of your church age book and never hurt anybody. Okay? You listen to at least 30 minutes of God's prophet and you pray every day. That's from the oldest till the youngest. If you follow those four steps, you will come into a balanced uh life and you'll have a a blessed life. So recently back well when he was still alive Pope Francis said we have to find a new balance. What are you talking about? See it sounds good sounds compassionate. You know God loves everybody but this balance we need is in God's unchanging word. That's where we're going to find balance. So we got to balance our our experience with the scriptures. Not with some personality but what David said sort. No with scripture. So everything you do or say is governed by a spirit either God or Satan and you have a choice. Okay. So as we see Jesus 1957 he says you follow the scriptures and see if the spirit follows the scripture. Any spirit that does not follow the scripture is a wrong spirit. Oh very plain scripture alone. That's right. If it goes beyond this Bible it's wrong spirit. If it doesn't get to it, it's wrong spirit. It's got to match the scripture. Okay, we'll go to case number three. Case number three, Luke 7. Um, we're back kind of where we started. In Luke 7, Jesus is preaching. He's praying for the sick and a runner comes. Why? Because they didn't have cell phones. No. You wanted somebody to know something in Fort Worth, you had to go over there and tell them. It's just that simple. So this runner comes with a personal engraved invitation to give to Jesus. He had to find him, give him the invitation because over in in Jerusalem, there was Simon the Pharisee, very religious, keeping all the details of the law, very pious. He was preparing a great feast. Okay? And he invited Jesus. Jesus said, "We'll be there." Yeah, we'll come. No problem. So Jesus arrived on time. He's a gentleman. Uh but he was not welcomed. We got a problem. So he's sitting, you know, at the end of the table over there by himself. And um the aroma of the of the grilled meat was going out over the walls cuz it's it's it's outside, you know, and the wall had some cracks in it. And people going by and spying, wish we could get in there. And so the aroma is going out and uh prophet said there's enough meat there to feed the whole village. But people passing by, you know, hungry, wishing. And um one insignificant woman was passing by. She smelled the roast lamb and she looked through one of the holes in the wall and she's looking at the meat and she's looking at the all the people. He saw Jesus over there by himself. H how could this be? And he had dirty feet. People notice everything. Don't be falling asleep yet because I might come down there and whack you on the head with this thing. Send big boy. Yeah. But um so people notice everything. Look, I was over in I've been in the Congo several times now. This is a small church compared to there. Yeah. I was in this church and there was at least 5,000 people. I was the only white guy. Okay. Kind of stood out. And so And so I I finished speaking and the pastor jumps up real quick. He says, "Now, we don't know when George is coming back. Does anybody have any questions?" You can imagine they're in no hurry to go any place. You know, 5,000 people and there's 10 cars outside and uh probably u you know, 300 motorcycles and about 500 bicycles. Everybody else walked. So they're in no hurry to leave. So they start asking questions and you know in French and I'm giving it or could have been shona or whatever it was and so or lingala and so I'm giving them the answer and then it's got to be translated. Well this all takes time. Well the only question I remember this woman wrote up a question. Well since the Lord took your wife why you still wearing the ring. Boy guys notice everything you know. I said, 'Well, because I have an agreement with Rebecca that it's not just until death do you part, but it's forever. Oh, okay. So, but they notice everything. So, these people, here's this woman. She's looking through and she saw Jesus over there. Ah, and she saw he had dirty feet. Okay, how's this possible? She had heard about her friend up at the temple area in case number two and Jesus forgive her and her lifestyle changed completely. She turned into a lovely lady. So she had heard now she's seeing and uh so she got into action. Well, she thought this is my only opportunity. This is never going to come around again. And so she ran home and she got under the mattress and got the money she accumulated. She was another prostitute. Sorry. and she got this money out and she thought, I'm going to go down. I'm going to buy this special ointment like a lotion. I'm going to go down. I'm going to I'm going to, you know, anoint Jesus' feet. So, she goes home. She gets her money. She runs down to the drugstore. And when the drugs are coming, he says, "What are you doing here?" "Well, I come to buy something. We've heard that you got a special alabaster box up there someplace with special ointment in it. Oh, honey, that costs money. Yeah, I've got the money. So, he counts it three times. You know, good shoe. Okay. Well, he's got to sell it to her. And so, she buys the ointment. And uh if you can put this picture up on the wall, it'd be nice so people could see. Now when we have pictures of the last supper, we have Jesus, you know, and the disciples sitting at at the table, you know, they they can like we do. But see, those paintings were made hundreds of years later by people in Italy. But the fact is at that time the the table was that height. That was the level of the table. And so they had pillows or carpet or something. So they're down here on the ground and they're they're eating like this. Feet are behind them. Now you might have never thought that but that's the way it was. Okay. And so the woman, she's going to wipe his feet. She's going to, you know, anoint his feet. And it says right here in verse 39 of chapter 7, let's find it here. Um 38 and stood at his feet behind him weeping and began to wash his feet with her tears and did wipe them with the hair of her head. So she obviously had long curly hair, right? And she kissed his feet and anointed them with the ointment. 39 Now when the Pharisee that had invited him when when he saw this he said within himself this guy if he was a prophet he would know what kind of woman this is she's a sorry person and she's touching him she's a sinner and Jesus said hey Simon I've got something to tell you and he says master say on so he thinks he's going to get a blessing for all this money he spent on the meat you know Yeah, give me the blessing. And he says, you know, there was a certain guy that um a guy at the bank, he had two debtors owed one owed him 500 and the other owed him 50. And when they uh when they both had nothing, he gave he forgave both of them. Tell me uh Simon, which of these do you think loved him more? The one that he forgave for 50 or the one that he forgave for 500? So now all the eyes are on Simon. he's got to come up with the right answer because you know and Simon he finally said well I suppose uh that he to whom forgave the most and Jesus said to him that's right oh pressure's off I answered right you know and he turned to the woman so for the first time he's looking back at the woman but he's still speaking to Simon He says, "You see this woman? I came into your house and you didn't give me any water for my feet, but she's been washing my feet with her tears." That's why tears are important. When you're at this altar, you don't just come up here and I want to be saved and go home. No, there's more to it. It's got to be from the heart. Okay? And um you gave me no water for my feet. She's been washing with tears and wiping them with the hairs of her head. Wow. No towel. Uh, you didn't give me any kiss, but this woman has been kissing my feet. You know, back here behind me. Uh, you didn't give any oil. Uh, you didn't anoint my head with oil or anything. She's been anointing my feet with ointment. Therefore, I say unto thee, her sins, which are many. He knew who she was. He could discern her case. Now when she's doing this, he didn't move one half an inch. She stayed very quiet. Holy Spirit is very timid. And so uh she um she's doing all this. Uh he says her sins are forgiven which are many for she loved much but to whom little is forgiven the same loveth little which might have been Simon. We don't know but it's could have been. And he said unto her, finally he says something to her, "Your sins are forgiven." Wow. Her load is lifted. She's a new person. And they that sat at meet with him, all the visitors, began to murmur amongst themselves, who is this that forgives sin also. And he said to the woman, "Thy faith has saved thee. Go in peace." And that's why you come to church to hear those same words from God's word that you can go free. We're free. We're not carrying stuff anymore. You see, so Simon, this very important Pharisee, he had memorized a lot of truth. Yeah. If you look at Acts 15:21, they read the words of their prophet every service that they had. Moses, you know, they read every Sabbath. They memorized a lot of truth, but they had no revelation, no spirit. You can listen to the radio. I mean, this is one of the most gospel areas in the country. And you can listen to the radio and you'll hear them. They'll come down through Acts chapter 2 and they they won't even mention that last part there, chapter, you know, verse 38. They'll just jump over. They don't want to get caught by a bunch of phone calls from you people. No, they have no revelation. You see? So the woman with all her baggage, she had the right spirit and that spirit led her to the truth. And Jesus said, "Thy faith has saved thee. Go in peace." She was completely changed. And God is still in the lifechanging business today. You don't have to go out of here. Oh, I'm so sick. Or I'm, you know, no, you can have peace. You can be free. Yeah, but I'm not as bad as those women. I didn't say you were. Now, all of you know somebody that's hooked on the drugs, right? So, it's vary in degrees. Well, I'm not as bad as that guy. You know, I only spend $50 a day. He spends 200. Well, you know, there's all kinds of degrees. You see, and and you you ladies might say, "Well, I live clean. I don't have those problems." But you see, if you do not come to the foot of the cross and begin your journey correctly, you will be left behind for the tribulation. Guaranteed. And it's coming quick. So the church is like a hospital, but it's free. The great physician is still in business. Jesus said, "I am the way, the truth, and the life. All you have to do is say, "Yes, Lord. I will follow. I'll drop everything and follow you." And that's when you turn the corner. So these are only three examples of many that are in the scripture. Jesus had to deal deal with all kinds of people. And um you know we're dealing with humanitarian crisis in Venezuela for one place. People have nothing. If the tires wear out, who do you think they call? They they have no money. They have no system like we have, you know. So every day we're looking for for u food and clothes and shelter for for people. And some some need a place to sleep, some need tires on their car. Eternal life is living for others, not just for yourself. Because people, you know, in our country, they want to see how much how much bigger the bank account can be and want to feel comfortable. But when the dollar goes to zero, we're all in the same place. So, let's help those that we can help while we can. Now the Bible says in 1 Corinthians 10 um all these things happened unto them for examples and are written for our admonition upon whom the ends of the world are come. The ends of the world didn't come during his lifetime. This is for us today. You see we are the people of the end. We are the final generation upon whom the world the end of the world has come. And so we are the people that will see the rapture. There's people sitting here that will not see death. It's very, very soon. So, in closing, prophet Elijah says very clearly in choosing of a bride, paragraph 147, she woman was not in the original creation. I'm sorry ladies, but you're not original. You're a byproduct. And it's basic. All other females are in the original creation. The birds, the male, female, animals, male, female. But in human life, God only made a man and he took from him. And a woman is a byproduct of a man because God did not institute such a thing. Search the scriptures. He says, "God, no sir, in his original creation, she was put out there." But if she can hold herself right, now look, I've been dealing with brother Brand's words for 50 years. He says things like this, but if she can hold herself right now, to put that into Spanish to where it makes sense, you got to, you know, work with her a little bit. What he's saying, she's got to stay balanced. If she can keep herself balanced, you see, so if she can hold herself right, what a greater reward she has than a man. She's put on a testing ground. These are things that most churches don't want to hear about because it gets kind of tight. It's going to get a lot tighter, you know. So ladies, bride of Christ, um there is a great reward. We're on a testing ground. The bride in general is on a testing ground. And you ladies are on a testing ground. You see, living here in Leodysia. But the fact that God predestined you, predestinated you to live in this time is testament to the fact that he trusts you and you will overcome. You see? And so we must live in balance, truth and spirit. So remember, read your Bible every day, at least one chapter. Read one page out of your church each book. Pray at all times. And listen to the at least 30 minutes of God's prophet. As an individual, you will prosper. This church will prosper. And you will be balanced in spirit and in truth. Guaranteed formula. Any questions? May God bless you, brother David. Do you need that? Sure. Keep Oh, you got to do better than that. I I got my deacons. Oh, you got to It's nice to put those three stories together, huh? And see all the similarities. It let you know, you know, you should never judge anybody or never count anybody out. You know, you don't have to have somebody's history. You know, where you been, what you do, what you believe. You know, all you have to do is give them a drink of the fountain. They can see if you've got it and if you don't. They they sense your love. People know whether you love them or not, whether you care for them or not, whether you're sincere or not, you know, and you know, people will make all kinds of statements and they don't really care about you or anything. you know that you know but if you're really sincere in your heart and you're really convinced that what God did for you he can do for anybody and and that's the glory of this gospel is is I know that God saved me from a pretty dark place. So I don't care how dark a person is, how deep in sin they are, how far away from God there is. I know for a fact how far he went for me. And I I know that his hand is long and his mercy is great. And so we we really forget what it's not our doctrine that we're trying to get to people. It's the life that we receive from him that we're trying to share. Because you can, like you said, you can have all the doctrine down and not have a ounce of love in your heart and then all your doctrine is is condemnation. You know, you're always condemning people because they don't believe. But I've met down my life's road. Uh I remember I bought a new Bible and I had a a Baptist fell that preacher guy that lived up around the alley from me when I was in San Diego. And I really liked the guy because he was just got a good spirit, you know, and and uh he was a good good Baptist person and I just was a Christian. I didn't know the message. And he took my new Bible, my brand new Bible, you know, and he just grabbed it and he started wrinkling the pages. And I sitting there just, you know, my Bible. He says, "You know, they'll read better this way. They won't get stuck together. you know, and and and when I got done and I looked at it, it looked like it had been used in red and everything, and I saw this guy did this out of the genuine sincerity to make life easier for me. And you can't beat that. You know what I mean? And let me tell you, I I meet a lot of different people, a lot of different places, and I've met a lot of wonderful Christians that haven't had the privilege to see what I see. And I'm not counting them out. You know what I mean? They may not share the place in the kingdom that is set aside for me, but there's a lot of places up and down the side of that mountain. There's a lot of places there that God's got. And then another place he said, "All that you loved and all that loved you will be there." So, you know, don't don't start wondering, you know, you know, and trying to figure out who's in and who's not because the most religious people are the ones that fool you the most. the guy that sat in front of the temple and said, "Lord, I do all this for you and I do all that for you and and I've given to the poor and you know me and you are best buddies." And then here's some guy back in the back going May Koopa, you know, I'm a sinner. Lord, forgive me my sins. I'm not worthy. Hear me. I'm sorry. That's the one that got here. So, you know, really, you know, don't look at the symptoms. Just remember that if you're honest, you may not have been that way on the outside, but you were that way on the inside. And your thoughts and your your feelings and your attitudes and your judgments to other people, your hatred and and prejudices and all those things. You know, on the outside you might look like a saint, but God works from the inside out. And he judges a man's heart and and so, you know, it's so important to to stay in love with the Lord and and and let and that's what the Holy Spirit does. When you have the Holy Spirit, the love of God is shed abroad in your heart by the Holy Spirit. And I think if if we take this these ladies and no matter how dark they were and they're natural types, you know, worse than natural prostitution is spiritual prostitution because that's hard to detect. You know what I mean? And that it's very deceptive. But that but the willingness of the Lord despite their condition to give them a drink of water. And how many times we won't talk to a homeless person or we won't talk to somebody that's got tattoos all up. I always ask myself, you know, if I was confronted with some of those MS13 guys that, you know, are just spiderw webs over their eyes, you know, and and the scary as all get out looking whether my spirit would be composed enough to tell them about the power of God. How many believes God's quickening power could change the darkest person? baby. It's it's it's a it's a power of the resurrection and the love of of Calvary that put him there can do exceedingly and abundantly above what we can even ask or think. So always look for the good. Always be on your toes to share. And if you don't have something to share, then do what brother George suggests. Get at the foot of the cross. till you know God's done something for you. And then just tell the world how your candle got lit. And and I I know that God did something for me and you know I one day I just shared it. how my testimony I shared it and I got calls from all over the world because of just telling how my candle got lit. Not for my preaching ability, not for my teaching, not for my doctrine, not for my personality, but just because they knew what God did for me. I couldn't begin. A a man driving down the road in Germany 80 miles an hour listening. That's not nothing in Germany. Listening to the what God did for me. He didn't know me, but he knew that God did something for somebody. Stopped his car, got out on the highway, and gave his heart to the Lord because it's real. one of the founders of the Assembly of God Church who was in Hot Springs, Arkansas at the very founding of the Assembly of God Church came to me after what God did for me. Not what I did for God, but that God's love extended to me and forgave me from where I was and brought me to the truth. looked me straight in the eye and said, "I never understood predestination until I heard your testimony." Don't be ashamed of what God's done for you. Don't be ashamed because he gave you this message and they don't have it. You know what I mean? This message is life to me. It's made me everything that I am. Everything that I have. You know what I mean? And it's wonderful. and it's answered every question that I've ever had. And if you could just, you know, just to me that's the path forward to the church is letting the love of God be shed abroad and start reaching out beyond your comfort zone. Go outside of the circle. Extend yourself. Make contact with the unfamiliar. make contact with those that you're not comfortable with. And like our brother told us, every single case there was segregation. We don't want to create that segregation. We want to know that everyone's welcome. And and we've had some lovely visitors this morning, hungry people after the gospel. beautiful sitting and talking with them and and and knowing that they want truth and and and I would I'd like to see the church. I don't care if they come in in pants. I don't care if they come in whatever condition they come in, let them come in. But if they hear the truth and the spirit of God touches them, they won't go out the way they come in. Amen. And that doesn't take the preacher. That takes the congregation creating the atmosphere and having faith that the Holy Spirit will move. That's right. And it takes you coming in the right atmosphere, coming with expectation, having put time and and prayer into the service. Not just coming and fulfilling the fact that you follow the message and you're supposed to go to church Sunday morning. So you come here to fulfill your Sunday obligation to go to church. You can say you go to church and you know we won't go any further down that line. But because you want souls saved, you know, and the prophet of God said that the church has lost its spirituality because it's lost its desire for lost souls. Just think of it. How many people in this town? We have a lot of missionary work to do right here. Yes, sir. In fact, I believe our messenger told us the greatest missionary field in the world is the United States of America. So let's let's let that love and and that love isn't because we first loved him. It was because he first loved us. We love him because he first loved. Let that love go out. Reach out to people. Let them know that they have hope. Let them know that God can do for them exceedingly and abundantly above you. Have faith for them. And and and you'll find out that faith's contagious. and love's contagious. And then we'll start seeing the power of God move. And you'll start seeing that God answers your prayers. And when you live for others, then God rewards you. And he's you never outgive God. You never outserve God. You do something for the kingdom, God will give you a hundfold in this life and the life to come. We we've got to move back to Christian biblical principles and and and really get back to what it means and to that real experience of being filled and with the Holy Spirit and having your nature changed. Man, and I I I can say this. I'm not what I want to be and I'm not what I ought to be, but I know I'm not what I used to be. And I'm thankful for that. So, like all things, we leave those things which are behind behind and we press for a higher calling. Amen. So, I I I I'm sure that we enjoyed Brother George. Brother George comes by every once he's welcome more than he comes by. You know that. Right. Right. So So uh it's not that he's not invited. Okay. But he's got an open door here. my friend uh testimony and and I you know I I we were reading in the back room where we're talking about our messenger and so he he we read the quote where it said you know uh he says yeah my daughter's here and and well she's not a girl anymore she's a young lady and she's dating that was it wasn't it scrawny what was that Langley Langley soldier boy and then he said I see him and I I thought well that's good you know so it's always been nice uh I've known George for a long time he's never used the fact that if he knew brother Brandham or that he was married to brother Bram's daughter as any reason that he should be heard or or or ever tried to use that for his own benefit. He's always just tried to promote the balanced truth of the gospel and the spirit and love that brother Brandham had for the lost. And we appreciate that about you, Brother George. And and and just pray that God continues to bless you and keep you in good health. And uh have you made 80 yet? Two months. Two months, 80 years old. Amen. I hope I look that good when I made it. I got five more years. So maybe by God's grace, if he can be going strong at 80, I might be able to be there. But I told the brothers when I start reading from the book of Job and turn to the book of Psalms and I introduce the same person two or three times, it's time for me to go. So when it's time for me to go, kick me out. Okay? The church will go on because it's the inddwelling spirit that keeps the church together. It's not the politics. It's not the function of the deacons. It's not the order of the church. The Holy Spirit runs the church. And if you've got one ounce of that love in your heart for one another, you'll be and stick together with one another to the end. Even if the Lord takes me off the scene or whatever he does, that doesn't matter. Truth is what we're built on. And the truth is the blood of Jesus Christ and the paid for our sins. and he sent his spirit back to dwell in us. So, God bless you. Uh uh uh continue to pray and we'll probably listen to a little tape this Wednesday and uh then we'll share with you what's on our hearts next Sunday morning. And we don't know after that uh what'll go on. Maybe the rapture. Huh? Are you looking for a rapture? Musicians will come. And I want to sing that song before I can probably get through about two verses before I have to turn it over. Let's stand together and sing I am thinking of a rapture. Amen. Is that what you're thinking about? Amen. If you want to take Brother George up on his advice, if you don't have a church age book to read a page, we'll get you one. If you don't have a Bible, we'll get you one. We'll provide whatever you need. The only thing we can't provide for you is your prayer. You've got to do that yourself. But we'll help you with whatever else that you need. Amen. Are you thinking about it? Oh, it's it ought to be what's on your heart every single moment of the day. Let's sing it together. I am thinking of the rapture on that passage. When the redeemed are gathering, [Music] how will we'll raise the heavenly anthem in that city in the sky? And the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, when the redeemed are gathering in. Oh, wash like snow. When we sing, oh how we'll shout and how we'll sing our gathering. There will be a rainbow are gathering. Oh, what music? Oh, what singing [Music] for the redeemer? Oh, I like it. Oh, and watch like snow and I will shout and I will sing. No wonder it is I got to redeem. All saints secret stories with the forces and strong [Music] Iron F that song I hallelujah. [Music] Oh, and watch like snow and cross. Oh, I will shout and I will sing. Oh, and the redee [Music] and the savior will prepare the wonder. I got all we've heard is invitation and we blessed of the Lord. Oh, oh, I got Oh, hallelujah. When we [Music] Oh, watch like snow and see. I will shout and I will sing. Oh, sing again. Oh, I met the Savior prepared with wondering I gather blessed of the Lord. Oh, and the redeemed. Oh, I got to Oh, hallelujah. Wonder. I got to redeem. Oh, and watch. I will shout and I will sing. [Music] I gather with him. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We bow heart. [Music] We've been on him. Oh spirit, come make us humble. [Music] Oh, and we turn around. Oh, from evil thing. Oh, great house that I idle. Oh, and give us clean hands. Oh, and give us your heart. Oh, let us not lift our souls to another. Oh, give us clean, Lord, and give us your heart. Oh, let us lift our souls to another. Oh God, let us hear the generation I see. Oh, and seek your face. Oh God of Jacob, oh God, let us flee your generation. I see your face, oh God. Just sing it again tonight. We Oh, [Music] amen. I need I desire. Oh, wait. Oh, evil thing. Oh Lord, we cast out. Oh, give us clean. Oh, and give us your heart. Let us Oh, [Music] give us clean. [Music] Oh god, let us see. I see. Amen. [Music] Oh God. Oh God let us all generation that sees your face. Oh God. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's our hearts desire. Amen. Brother Abel, if we could just come and dismiss us tonight. Amen. [Music] Let's pray. [Music] Gracias forc Amen. Amen. God bless. You are dismissed. Amen. Why don't we sing that song? God is good all the time. Amen. E flat again. Oh, if you're walking through the valley. Oh, and in the shadows all around. Oh, and do not fear. Oh, he will guide you. He will keep mercy. [Music] Oh, and cause his brother to never leave you. Don't forsake you. Oh, and his word is good all the time. Oh, I put a song of praise in this part of my God is good all the time. Going through the darkest night when his light will sound. God is good. Hallelujah. God is good all the time. Oh, and we just saw unworthy [Music] also for us [Music] to feel as we his holy spirit. Now we can sing and take our heart. Oh, [Music] hallelujah. Hallelujah. His mercy. Oh, God is good all the time. Oh, he put a song of this. God is good all the time. Oh, through the darkness. And it's not a question. God is good. God is good all the time. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
