################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-21 - [2025-05-21wed] Wednesday Evening Service  Pastor David McGeary Sr. - David McGeary Sr.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-21
Title:   [2025-05-21wed] Wednesday Evening Service | Pastor David McGeary Sr.
Speaker: David McGeary Sr
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e39mxZQZxE8
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] How do you explain? How do you describe a love that goes from east to west and runs as if as it is wise? You know all I hope. Lord, you know all I fear. Words cannot express the love we feel, but we long for you to hear. Oh, and listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing. A song of praise that flows from those who have redeemed. You will use the words we know to tell you what an awome God you are. Words are not enough to tell you of our love. Listen to our heart. Oh, and if words could fall, I pray from this lips of mine. But if I th and I will still run out of time. So if you listen to my [Music] heart, Lord, every bit will sing. Thank you for the life. Thank you for the truth. Thank you for the way. Also listen to our hearts. Hear our spirit sing. A song of praise that flows from those who have redeemed. [Music] We will use the words we know to tell you what an awesome God you are. Oh, words are not enough to tell you of our love. Listen to our heart. Amen. That's what we desire tonight as we gather in his presence is for him to hear our hearts. Amen. Brother Matthew, if you could just come and open our service in prayer. [Music] Amen. Amen. It's good to see Sister Raquel with us. Amen. I believe he had the surgery already. Not yet. So, we're going to continue to pray for her. I I know they were going for some test or things, but there's many needs. Maybe an unspoken prayer request. You want to just have an uplifted hand. God sees that need. You know, uh some of us, we have scheduled procedures, but we're looking to the great physician who can move on the scene and the doctors can give a clean bill of health. Amen. Let's just approach them. Lord Jesus, we're just thankful that we can be gathered together once again, Lord, and with our brothers and sisters of like faith, just to be able to sing songs of Zion and to give you praise, Lord, for truly you're worthy, Lord, and you're worthy of so much more. But Lord, we we just want to allow the things of this world just to fall to the wayside, Lord, as we've maybe been in our jobs or just at the house doing chores. And many times we become encumbered with those things. But Lord, we want to sit at your feet and we want to listen and hear what you would have to speak to us tonight. Lord, we're so privileged to live in this hour during this age to know that in the moment, in a twinkling of an eye, we can be changed. We're not waiting for another messenger. We're not waiting for some future prophecy to be fulfilled to give us rapturing faith. But Lord, you've already sent us Malachi 4:5 and opened the book, Lord, that could produce everything that we have need of right now in this hour that we're now living in. And we believe this predestinated moment tonight is just another opportunity to take a step closer to that final change, Lord. And we just ask that you would just come and take complete control, Lord. You see the uplifted hands and the the hearts and the needs of your people, Lord. We just ask that you would move in a supernatural way, Lord, in the service. Father, may we just start to enter into worship, Lord, a true worship, not just a a religious obligation or duty, but Lord, to enter in by faith, Lord, as touching the sacrifice, Lord, to know that you made a way for us to come in and have communion with you again. That we're not just serving a God a far off somewhere, Lord, but you're right here in our midst where two or three are gathered. You're present here with us. And you said, "I'll be with you even in you, Lord." We're so thankful to be living in the hour of the fulfillment of those promises. Lord, we just commit the singing of the songs to you, Lord, the preaching of the word. We commit to you and just ask that you just take control in Jesus Christ's name. We ask all these things and commit it to you. Amen. May God bless you. Welcome everyone in the house of God. May you turn around and welcome someone tonight. Amen. So good to be gather in his presence. Gore. [Music] Amen. Let's sing. Are you washed by the blood? By the water of the word. Amen. Oh, do you know what it is not to have one guilty feeling? Not to wonder where you're going when you die. Oh, not condemned of the past. Not afraid. Oh, I hold in store. I know the reason why Jesus when you go out the water cause my faith. You believe in what you heard. It's not impossible dream. Oh, you can start over. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my word. [Music] Oh, by the water. Oh, washed by the water of the word. Oh, what is life again? Oh, with her whole new life to live. Never happened. Look back to what you are according to the Lord. You just started your existence and where is this concern? They never was the same. before God. He no longer sees a [Music] sing by anything. Oh, by the blood of God. Oh, are you watching are you [Music] wash by the water? Oh, by the water of the world. Oh, I [Music] wash. Oh, by the water. Oh my [Music] [Applause] [Music] god of the world. Oh yes. Oh the water. Oh, wash by the water of the word. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad for the word? Amen. Hey, wash it. Have you been to Jesus for the claim part? Oh, are you washing the blood of the lamb? Oh, and are you fully trusting in his great [Music] [Applause] [Music] Are you [Music] coming? Oh, in the blood of the lamb. Are you [Music] [Music] savior? Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Christ. Oh, I wash in the blood of the lamb. Oh, and will your soul be ready for the rock? Oh, are you in the blood? Oh, I was Oh, [Music] I [Applause] love it in the [Music] soul. Oh, [Music] I know. Are you in the blood of the [Music] lamb of [Music] God? Oh, and I wash in the blood of the lamb. Oh fountain flowing for the soul are clear [Music] [Applause] the soul. Oh, cleansing [Music] blood. Oh, and yes, my pro. Oh, I saw your son in the blood of the lamb. Amen. Thank the Lord for the blood of the lamb. Amen. We have a request from brother Jose writes. Please pray for my family. We'll be leaving uh this weekend for my wife's surgery that the Lord may be with us that he may have control over the situation. Amen. Amen. He says u uh but Monzo is not feeling well or certainly want to remember him too. Amen. If you have a need upon your heart, Amen. You know, there's nothing concerning us that he's not mindful of. Amen. Uh whatever it is, I remember the prophet talk about the little fish. He said, you know, he said when they were going and when he caught that little fish and and he spoke the word, he said, I have thousands of people waiting to hear word from the Lord and and all of them and just waiting to hear what did God said about this situation. But he showed but God raised a little fish just so he can know that he's mindful of all of that. He didn't forget all of those that were waiting on him. Amen. So if you have it upon your heart, Amen. Just lift your hand up to him. He knows your heart cry tonight. Then he'll certainly answer you. Amen. The brothers that are taking the offerings, if you could come. Amen. Brother Andrew, if you could just come and pray for the needs. Amen. [Music] Let us pray together. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you so much, Lord, that you've made a way for us to come and Lord, lay our requests and our burdens at the foot of the cross, knowing that, Lord, there's been an entrance made at this time that, oh God, we know that you hear our requests, Lord. A faint describe your children, Lord. you're in tune and attuned to. Father, Lord, you, oh God, you'll bankrupt heaven before you let one of your words fail to come to pass. And so, Father, as we're believers, Lord, we're coming believing that those stripes already healed us. Lord, we pray for revelation. Lord, we pray that the love of God would inspire faith, oh God, to know that it's already settled and that we're looking for the fulfillment of good health. Lord, we know that you said in your word that I would above all things that you'd prosper and be in good health even as your soul prosperth. Lord, we think about our soul and how it's so secure. Lord, oh God, it gives us such a rest. Father, we just pray that Lord, you would bless Brother Jose and Sister Raquel and the family, Lord, as they travel. Father, we ask mercy that you would go with them. Go before them, Lord. Use doctors, use whatever means possible, but Lord, at the end of it, Lord, we'll praise you and thank you for your good your goodness and the fulfillment of your word, Father. Lord, here we are, Lord. just desire is to hear from you, Lord. And and you see each need, Lord. And I pray that as we've lifted up our hearts and our request to you, we pray that you'd answer back by speaking your word to us tonight, Lord, even the man that would stand here and speak forth. We pray you'd use mortal lips and mortal hands and mortal heart, Lord, to deliver the oracles of God. Father, he's collecting these ties, Lord, that it would, oh God, it would go for the furtherance of your kingdom, Lord. We're just waiting upon you to come and do as only you can do, Lord, and be welcome here as we worship you and thank you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. You are the healer. [Music] Oh, and healer of my heart. Oh, and maker and a God of all we are. Oh, and I was the broken. Wo vessel in your hand. You look beyond my hurt and made me whole [Music] again. Heal around the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made me [Music] new. Now my whole life I surrender. Laying down before the men. Lord, I give my heart to [Music] you. Love that s before I knew you. [Music] and brought me near to where you are. Oh, and now I live to praise you. Oh, every day I praise you, healer of my heart. Oh, and I think compares Lord to knowing you and see what the grace of God can do. Oh, and you faithfully sought me. Oh, and call me, oh Lord. And they always bring my wondering heart. You are the healer, healer of the [Music] broken. You touch my heart and made me new. Now my heart I surrender. Lay down before commander. Lord, I give my heart to [Music] you. Love the sun before I knew you has brought me to where you [Music] are. Now I live to praise you. Oh, and every day I praise you, healer of my heart. Oh, I have my heart is yours forever. I'll be all of who you are. [Music] Oh, and now I live to praise you. Oh, and every day I praise you. Healer of my heart. Oh, you are the healer. Healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made me new. [Music] Now my whole life I surrender. Laying now before the men. Lord I give my heart to you. Love that son before I need you. and God beneath the way you are. Oh, and now I live to praise you. Oh, and every day I praise you, healer of my [Music] heart. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad the healer of all the broken hearts? Whatever your problem is, he can fix it. What the doctors cannot do, he can do. Amen. What science cannot do, he can do. He made the heart and he knows just how to fix it. Hallelujah. I give myself [Music] away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself [Music] away. I give myself away so you can use me. Oh yeah, I am. Oh, and here. Let's all stand and sing it as we find our passing. Oh my heart is in your hands. Oh, I'm longing to see your desires revealed in me. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself [Music] away. I give myself away so you can use me. Oh, take my heart. Go and take my hallelujah. Oh, the livinging sacriice. Oh, and all my dreams and all my plans. Lord, I placed in your name. I give myself away. I give myself away so you can use me. I give myself away. [Music] I give myself away. So you came. Amen. You want to be used of the Lord. Amen. Commit yourself into his hands. Let us pray. Our gracious father, we ask you to bless us this evening as we come together. Lord, we always just look for a little boost in the middle of the week. Father, we ask that you would bless us tonight and boost us. Just give us a little bit of encouragement as we just spend a few moments with you. We ask it in Jesus precious name. Amen. Amen. Lord bless you. I guess you notice we made a little change. Uh I hope you like it. Uh we haven't painted it yet. So we're picking paint color and so uh if you want to suggest a color, you're welcome to do that. Probably won't use it, but you can at least say you had a chance. Now we we're down to about three colors. Uh so some people think it should be darker, some people think it should be lighter. So, we have a color that's a little darker than the panel and darker than the wall and one that's uh a little lighter than the panel. But anyway, if we don't like it, we'll just repaint it. Right? That's a good thing about a Christian, isn't it? You can always go back to where you left them. You can go back where you found them, you know? And people say, "Well, how do I get back to the Lord?" just go back to where you left them. If you sit down, you pray about it, you think about it, you'll find your way back there and he he'll definitely be with her. Let's open our Bibles and turn to the book of um Peter in the first chapter and we'll start it uh uh with the fifth verse and read through the eth uh ninth verse. And it said talking of us here, he says to inheritance incorruptible and defiled and that fadeth not away reserved in heaven for you. So, and now this is you who are kept by the power of God through faith unto salvation, ready to be revealed in the last time, wherein ye greatly rejoice, though now for a season, if need be, you are in heaviness through manifold tempt ations. So in other words, don't let it throw you. All right? Um that the trying of your faith being more precious than of gold that perish, though it be tried with fire, ye might be found unto the praise and honor and glory at the appearing of Jesus Christ, whom having not seen, ye love. In whom though now you see him not yet believing you rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory re receiving the end of your faith even the salvation of your souls. Now let's just read that eth verse again slowly. whom having not seen. How many qualify? I do even to the messenger of the hour. I I I'd never sat in one of his meetings, but when I heard that voice, I I remember just as about 16 years old, I remember I was in my dad's car. We had an old Ford station wagon pulling out of my driveway when they announced that Evangelist William Brandom died for some reason. I can't explain why, but I just broke down, started crying. How did I know? You know what I mean? that one day I would understand that that would come back to me. And remember we preached a little bit about this recognizing your call. That was God way back then knowing that he would call me. He said whom though you have not seen him seen him not yet believing and ye rejoice with joy unspeakable and full of glory. Now here's why you're rejoicing with joy unspeakable. Why you're full of glory. Receiving the end of your faith, even the salvation of your soul. you've received it. Let's pray. Father, we ask you to bless your word to us in Jesus precious name we pray. Amen. Amen. Lord, bless you. We we spoke a little bit uh Sunday morning uh uh uh to you about uh recognizing uh your call. And again, we wanted to say uh not using that word as uh what your vocation might be or what uh what what duty you might have to do or uh the purpose for what you said, but recognizing the fact that God reached out to you and spoke to you. And we know that God does the drawing. So you you you can actually sit and remember when it was that God pulled on your heart, when it was that that he reached out to you, when he dealt with you, whatever circumstance you were in, how that he brought people in your life to bring you to the knowledge of the the truth. And all this was guided by the hand of the Lord. uh you know he even said that you it just seems to us like we just stumbled into it. It just came across our path. But for him he he had orchestrated every bit of it and planned it how that he was going to draw us. And and can you imagine somebody living through life thinking that they were the ones that made the choice? I chose to serve God. It was my decision. No. No. That's not what my Bible says. My Bible says, "You didn't choose me. I chose you." Amen. I was lost, but he found me. And And so, uh, we talked about that. And we talked about if you can recognize your calling then you can recognize that he called you to a ground. You understand ah inheritance. He he he called you to a place to live. Uh he called you to a a a way of thinking, a way of talking, a way of living. And you've got every right to possess that ground. That's your ground. You You have the the title deed to it, the abstract. Uh, I've built some houses and and sold them and I I bought some homes and bought property. And the first thing you do, you go to a title company and they search the the land uh to make sure that there's no leans against it, no nothing owed on it, nothing uh uh no other ownership claim and and that this is the property that it says it is. I had a friend one time that he walked out on a nice piece of property and he was walking around the piece of property and and he walked up there and all of a sudden a guy pulled up in a pickup truck and he said, "What are you doing on my property?" He said, "No, sir. This isn't your property. This is my property. I just paid for it." Well, he got involved in what we called a failed flip. So, somebody went and sold the property to him, got his money, and then was taking his money to run back over and buy it from the original seller and try to make some money in the in the in between. It's not uh well that the seller ended up in jail, but the buddy was out the money because he didn't check to see if the ground was free from any encumberments. Didn't have a false owner. Well, let me tell you, the ground of the Lord Jesus Christ is free ground. Amen. and it he was the owner and he passed the ownership to that land to us. So we we have a right to walk on that land. We have a right. We have the mineral rights. We have the all the benefits of the land. Everything that's on that land is ours. In fact, he put it this way. We're joint heirs of that land. Our name is on the ownership of that land just like he is. It's not lent to us. It's not a privilege. It's not a lease. We have hunters, you know, you'll you'll go pay for a lease and they'll say for one year you for $1,000 you can go lease this land. You can go on that land. You can use that land. You can hunt on that land. that you'll never own that land. No. When you get this land, it becomes your land. Now, if you don't choose to live on it and you don't choose to walk there and you don't choose to to live in that land and you choose to live someplace else, then you're not having any of the benefits of it. And why would you want to live in a land? That's what the prodical son did. He left all the blessings of his father's house and tried to walk in other blessings for a while. But he never lost his inheritance. He just had to get to the place where he was miserable enough to come back. And what did the father do? killed the fatted calf, threw the robe back on him, rejoiced because he which was lost is now ens. And that's what the scripture says that there's more rejoicing in heaven over the the one last soul that's returned because that's what it's all about is about the goodness of God. So, we talked about the land. And and we read this statement and he says, "The works that I do shall you do also." Why? Because now we're both walking on the same land. We're both walking in the I in in the same dimension, in the same realm. Do you know you can walk in the same realm, in the same dimension, as the Lord Savior? That's your promise. That's what you And I'm just gonna lead to a few things and then not be too long. But he said that is that is the assurance when we see a group of people sitting together and those signs manifesting themselves. It's the assurance that the abstract is there to vindicate that property of God. Amen. So when we see the blessings, we see the goodness of God, the fruits of the spirit, the the the uh uh all the benefits that come with of the statue of a perfect man, that you know that you're in his realm, you're in his property, that the property that you're in and you're on is God's. Every son of God whose name is written in the lamb's book of life has a right to walk in that land. We just live below our privilege. And and so uh he says and that's what he said. So we so we are Easter. Amen. What is Easter? The resurrection. We are the honor. We are the the what Easter was all about. It wasn't about just him raising. It was about him paying the price, taking the whole burden of death. And and we don't die. You say, "Oh, I'm going to die." No, I'm just getting rid of this thing that's wrapped around me that just starts aching more and more. You know, I walked up the steps today. Uh they'll put a paint sample up here to look at it and my shoe come off and I fall down. And in fact, you could come right here and see my knee prints. Look at they're they're right here. One's right here and one's right here. I'd show you my knees, but this is church, but I showed it to the brothers in the back. And I fell flat on my face. And I thought, I know how to walk up steps, you know, and and then and Leslie comes to me, "Oh, you shouldn't be carrying wood." I said, "Lesie, they're only this big, you know, it doesn't have anything to do with I I know that I have another body waiting for me, right? I've received as as Peter said here, he he says, I I receiving the end of your faith and even the salvation of your soul. I receive it. I fall on my face. I praise God. Thank you, Lord. Why? Cuz I got another body. And every day my heart beats. I'm one day closer. And I thank God for that. So, we just want to build off of this to to today because I'm I'm talking about the joy joy unspeakable and full of glory. And I want to I'm just I'm I'm building to make a real small point. He said, he said, uh, he says, or if we, if we are ordained on that ground, if we are ordained to be on that ground like the eagle walking in the chicken nest, he was ordained to fly. He was ordained to eat fresh kerrion. He was ordained, that's where he was ordained to live. Now, where he was living didn't matter. You understand? Because he was ordained to live there. And because you're ordained to live there, God cannot ordain you to be somewhere and not have you be there. He can't put your name on the lamb's book of life and then not get you in condition. Because the scripture says if he begins a work in you, he will finish it till the end. You say when did he begin the work in me? Before the foundation of the world. He knew the color of my hair or the no hair. He knew the my stature I'd be in. He He knew everything about me. He saw me then. Amen. And because I was his bride, he put the wedding band of predestination on me then. Saying to me, I am going to fulfill my thoughts in you. It doesn't matter what ground you fall on. It didn't matter what ground that that seed of God fell in. He was going to seek that seed out. He was going to find that seed. He would look to that seed till he found what his and he would make a way for that seed to come in. And that's what what he's done. He said he said if you are ordained on that ground, the Holy Spirit is here to find you. I like that. And when it finds you, you recognize its call. And we wanted to emphasize that because you got to settle that question. And so we we just want to lay that in for a couple services uh just to really anchor our our hearts. Uh he you You know the hour you're living in. And we know that, right? We know we're at the end time, right? You know, you know the uh you know the hour you're living in. You know that these things are supposed to happen quickly. You're raptured up to meet it. And now you're sitting in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Oh, what a promise. What a heavenly father who would give us these things. All right. Cuz we're talking about joy now. So we we know that uh if I I wrote some notes, which I usually don't do, but I'm getting so old I don't even know how to turn my pages. Oh, well, I know they were here somewhere. All right, I guess I'll just have to let me [Music] see. Not that sermon. Not that sermon. I know they have it. What do you do when you can't find your notes? You know what you do? You just might have to preach. And you know that's what I tell all the brothers. I say you know don't don't become captive to your notes. So know your sermon before you preach it. Make sure you've lived it before you preach it. Make sure that you don't have to take what uh whatever thought it is. you know that he'll speak to you like like we know like brother Andrew is going off to preach this weekend uh for a meeting. You know, we'll keep him in prayer that the Holy Spirit just quickens the word to him that's in his heart. Matthew's fixing to go preach a a camp, a family camp, young people uh camp. I think it's family or young people camp. And we just believe the Holy Spirit will be be with him. So we want it to go beyond intellect, right? So, we know in talking about what we're going to talk about just for a moment is that Satan hasn't changed, right? He uses the very same tactic. Many of you know this is a a quote or a statement. He uses the same tactics that he used on Eve in the garden. He uses them on you. And you say, "Well, why would he do that?" because they were so effective. And that's what he is. He's a beguiler. He's a deceiver. He's a liar. He he draws such a a false picture. Have any of you heard some of the statements uh that the the new uh pope has made? You know, oh, he's talking about that we're at the end time. We we need to get ready. uh we need to be more sincere towards Christ than we've ever been. And now here's these Protestant leaders all over saying, "Praise God, we have a pope that reads the Bible." What a deception. That's the Antichrist. That's the mark of the beast. We know that they'll all be gathered up, but now he comes speaking the language. You, you know, and and Lesie was German. She said, I couldn't believe it. You would think he'd been reading message books. What's he going to appear as? Angel of light. And people are embracing him, not recognizing and seeing who he is. So he hasn't changed. You know what that whole message is? Come join us. Surely you won't die. That's right. Oh, surely what he says has to be truth. No, the whole thing's a lie. Wow. It's the mother harlot. That's right. The mother of every organization and every denomination and and the whole nickelian spirit and the whole conquering of the ley. The the whole thing is absolutely a total deception. And you wait. It won't be long until him and our president will be good buddies and the world economy. They're calling it the golden age. The last golden thing I remember is the golden calf. Right? And that's because God hasn't changed. Satan hasn't changed. And why would I say golden calf? Because the the the redemption of Israel is a perfect type of the redemption of the believer. That's right. And I I listened to a a tape. It's called the redemption a redemption in completeness of joy. And we want to just talk on that thought just a moment. So, Israel just like us, they were they were uh they were bound by task masters. And the scripture says they called unto God by reason of their task masters. Now, we weren't in slavery maybe to uh a taskmaster or a whip building brick, but we were in slavery to the economy. We are in slavery to getting a job. We are in slavery to depression. We are in slavery to alcoholism. We are in slavery to drug use. We had all these task masters on our life. All these burdens on our life, all these uh depressions and and you know you almost driven to the place that you didn't want to live anymore. Right. You didn't know what was happening to your life. You were tore up and you could have been raised in a good home. Yes, sir. And all of a sudden, you find yourself in the midst of doing whatever you're doing, as good as it as you are. And you ask yourself, what am I doing this for? Because that's how that he he dealt with your heart. and started calling you and working on you. I had a man tell me the other day, he said, "I smoke two packs of cigarettes. I don't know if he said for 10 years." He looked at me, he says, "I don't know how I did it." Now, that's just the opposite. You know, I I can't believe I even did that. You know, people were alcoholics and everything, but they were saved by the blood. So, redemption came through the blood, just like Israel. It didn't matter how how many plagues hit, how many things, Satan just kept hardening his heart, hardening his heart. So, finally, he said, "I'm going to send the death angel. Right. It just death. You reject putting the blood on the the little post of your heart and it's death, right? If you if if you if you say that if you call the Holy Spirit in this hour be elabub, there's no forgiveness for that in this life or the life to come. And so to reject God's provided way, there's no salvation outside of it. God only meets us under one ground and that's under the shed blood. And Jesus said, "I am the way, the truth, the life. No man come unto the father, but by me. No firstborn." And the firstborn represented carrying forth the birthight. And the birthright will not be carried further without the blood. And that's the trouble with the Pentecostal church and churches today. They're trying to carry the birthright forward without the blood. They had to eat the lamb, which is a type of eating the full word of God. And they had to put the blood on display. So you they had to step out and identify their faith. Every believer's got to identify himself. He had to stand right up there. They got up there. They boldly put the blood out. And there was one big question. Can you imagine Satan saying, "Oh, what happens if he don't come? You've just marked yourself a dead person. The Egyptians are going to come here and they're going to slay every single one who has that mark of blood on them." And isn't that what the world says today? They'll slay you thinking they're doing God a service. They'll backbite you at work. They'll undermine you. They'll take the littlest, teeniest thing to kick your job out, steal your retirement, do anything. Think you're not strange at the fiery darts of the enemy or the trying of your faith. But they had to identify because redemption for Israel came through the blood. And they identified with the blood and the death angel came through and everybody who was in under that blood was saved. Oh, can you imagine that morning when they woke up and they were alive and all of Egypt was wailing crying. Little boys were crying because their brothers have died. Their their fathers were were dead, their grandfathers, their pets, their cows, everything. It was miserable. And I'll tell you, once you come out of the world under the blood, you realize how miserable living in the world is. It's miserable. No happiness, no joy, no peace, no security, no future. You know, everybody everybody crying. I if I go have coffee with some old guys, they'll sit back, "Oh, my 401k went down 1,800 points." I said, "Praise God, my salvation just grew. Store not your treasures up where the thieves can break in and steal them." And they will. They'll steal them. But so you you you had to understand that redemption for Israel was through the blood. Our redemption was through the blood. Israel was called to put the blood on their doorstep and when they put the blood on their the pillars of their door. So they they put the blood and then when the death angel passed they were redeemed but that opened the door for them to start traveling on a different ground. They were now going forward, right? But what happens after a little while? The old task masters, the old smoking, the old drinking, the old games, the old lusting, the old backbiting, the old bitterness, all the old grudges. They all try to come back. Right? That's a scripture. He says when you clean your house and you get rid of them, that devil goes out and finds seven more and tries to regain entry. So he comes back at you. Here he comes. He comes back trying to give just just like he does with every believer. He comes back and and he accuses you. Oh, you're not gonna escape. He tries to put fear in you. Oh, I'm afraid I'm going to go back. I'm afraid I'm going to fall. And then you just start living in such deprivity, so worried. You know, I I I I get the I I I do good and I quit for a while and it comes back on, man. and I do good and I quit for a while and and then here I am again. And and you you try with all your strength and all your might and everything you can, but you just can't get rid of that taskmaster. Now, you were redeemed. You're out of Egypt. You're free. Not only did you go free, but you took riches with you, joy, peace, happiness. You were you were excited. You were on fire. But oh my. Then you get out there. And here they come. Here's Israel now. They got the mountains on one side. They got the army on the other side. They got the water in front of them. And now they want to know what am I going to do? All these task masters have surrounded me again. And now they're back where they need a redemption. But how's he going to redeem them this time? By power. Redemption by power. How's he going to do it? He's going to open up a way to cross over right on the journey to the promised land. Once they got past that, it was only a few days journey. So here they are. All those task masters, all those memories and and the devil's right there. What if? What if? What if? I always say this, ands, if, buts, and wise are all Satan's lies. That's a little saying I carried with me. Another little saying I carry in my heart. Where there's any, there's plenty. That's just kind of God I believe. But here they were. It looked impossible. And that's the way it is with us. It's impossible to get rid of the task masters. But what did he do? He opened up the water. Right? And that was a type of the promise through water baptism of the Holy Spirit. And so off they went. And what did that power do? The power came down and and Satan comes after you and and and and fear sets in and and all of a sudden what does he do? He closes up the sea and destroys all your tasks, master. Hallelujah. Yes, sir. Just think of it. Now you're on the bank. You've climbed up out of the water. You're on the bank. Everything's behind you. You look there, no more armies of Egypt, no more nothing. So what what was the completeness of their redemption? Now they were redeemed from Israel. Now their only enemy was themselves. But what did they do? I I I I just I I'll read a statement here. It's paragraph 98, I believe, in and uh in redemption, redemption and completeness in joy. That's the way Miriam and them did. Looking back down, they saw all them old things that they once done was all dead and gone. Amen. That's that's what you do. You're not afraid of smoking no more. You're not afraid of drinking no more. You don't want to hurt anybody anymore. The taskmaster's dead. I'll guarantee you none of them dove back in to the Red Sea, seeing if they can find somebody that whooped them, if they could revive them again. They didn't sit back and say, "Oh, that poor devil." I I I should have looked it up because it's one of my favorite things. He said, and I I I wish I I I used to have it memorized, but he said, "The Egyptians that you see this day, you shall see no more." That scripture is just so good. I don't know if you can find it real quick and throw it up there, but but that that's what he said. This day don't fear because these people who tormented you, this day you shall see them no more. No one knows that scripture anybody. Exodus 14:13. All right. Exodus 14:13. Let's just read that. Did you know, brother Rem said he tried to read the book of Exodus at least once a week? Exodus 14 13. All right. Exodus 14. All right. Okay. Exodus Exodus 14:13. And Moses said unto the people, "Fear not. Stand still, and see the salvation of the Lord, which he and see the salvation of the Lord, which he will show you today. For the Egyptians whom you have seen today, ye shall see them again no more forever. Woo! Hallelujah. No more No more nicotine fits. No more alcohol shakes, no more drugs, no more hatred, no more fear of seeing the bully. Nothing. They're They're gone. That's the Holy Ghost. That's the ground of the believer. He don't have to keep fighting those things. He don't have to resurrect those things. He possesses the gates of the enemy. He says, "Get behind me, Satan. You're not going to lose because you go back to the fact." What did they go back to? the fact the blood was at the door and he redeemed us. Then they got back, the taskmasters come back at them. And what did the Lord do? He come down in the whirlwind in the pillar of fire. And what did he do? He redeemed them again, but this time by power. Gave him the power to overcome. So, and here they are. They climb up on that bank and they realize it's over. It's over. Yes, sir. They're not going back to Egypt cuz Egypt's no more. They're not going They're not turning around. They ain't turning back. Will you sing that song? I won't go back. I'm not going to go back. I've come too far. I'm not going back. They didn't even have Egypt to go back to. But just watch a little while. They climbed up on the bank. And and I was reading. They done seeing God accept the blood, done seeing his power in divine healing standing between them. come through the Red Sea, were baptized with the spirit, walked on the other side, just having a good time. They they they didn't care what all the organizations thought about it. What a perfect type is today of the believer who will dare to step out. Got to step out on the ground. God promised that he would supply their every need. He promised he would supply our every need. He never told them, "I'll make a way of healing. I'll make a way of this. I'll make a way of that." He said, "I'll be with you." Hallelujah. And that's what he said to us. I'll be with you even in you till the end of the world. That's all I have to say. You don't have to argue this, that, or the other. If he's here, that satisfies me. Divine healing is here. Power is here. Everything he was, he is now. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, today, and forever. You can take your theology and drown it with with it, brother. I believe Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. I'll be with you even in you till the end of the world. And there they came out and he was with them. And they had a little basket of bread on their head, was all eat up and gone. Didn't have anything. They went to bed a little hungry. The next morning they got up and bread was laying all over the ground. Hallelujah. Miriam grabbed her tambourine and dances. Moses lifted his hands and sung in the spirit. What were they? Their salvation was completed in joy. that that's when your salvation is completed. When you know your taskmaster's gone, you know you're not going back. That world is dead to you. You don't even want to go back. That's right. Amen. But you know and then they started on the journey you know and that that is just see if I can find another statement out of this message that it is is just so wonderful. Uh he says so you know so you know they went up and you know their journey then things got get tough. They started to loathe the bread. They started get they had bitter water on and on and on and they forgot that they had redemption. The God that put the death angel is still the same. The God that destroyed their enemy is still the same. And now they forgot. When David came up against Goliath, what did he do? He remembered the lion. He remembered the bear. He went back to every deliverance. He went back to his calling. He went to back to his anointing. He went back and associated with everything that God had done for him. And the joy of the Lord filled his heart. And when David got down, he never went back and said, "Lord, save me. He said, "Restore to me the joy of my salvation because that's where your redemption was completed was in joy. They were so happy to come out. We know Egypt types the uh world He said, he says, Moses just cut it down and threw it in the water and changed the whole thing. Good sweet water. Now when they come against one of your bitter waters or some another like that, there's a tree tonight spiritually speaking hanging over in Galatha or the world tonight that sweetened any bitter waters that ye may may be led by. That's right. The Calvary will sweeten any experience. Just think, no matter how what a hard time you're going through, no matter how things set in, I know I've got another body. I know there's another land beyond the river. I cannot let these things rob the completeness of my redemption because redemption is completed in joy. And he said and he says that's right. Calvary will see sweeten any experience. Many times we get into hard places and wonder how how did I get here? So I shut my eyes sometimes and I think yonder on Galatha where my redeemer bled and died for my life. Then my trials seem so little. See he redeemed it by the blood. He redeemed it by power. Yeah. And now he completes it with joy unspeakable and full of glory looking towards the end of the faith and the salvation of your soul. What did our prophet just said? I just closed my eyes and I think there was someone that died for me. He said, "And then my trial seems so little I just throw aside and walk on. It makes sweet. It sweetens every experience I ever had." He always sweeten it when I come to my waters of Mara. Now we're about to catch them now over in the wilderness after all those great signs and wonders. The revival had quieted down. And the first thing you know when the revival quieted down, they forgot all about the miracles. The greatest miracle Yes, sir. in my life is when Jesus Christ met me on that rooftop and when I wrote Romans chapter 1 and I knew he loved me. Everything else that's the only place that God meets a believer is under the shed blood. That's the only place the death angel passes. Redemption by the blood. And then he smites every one of your task masters, gives you a new nature, takes the desires away. They didn't come out of there with power, some extra special power. You know what power they had? They had the redemption of the blood, the redemption by the power of the elimination of their task masters and a promised land that they that was theirs to walk to. Now they were free to live in every promise. And that's what he said he'd be with us. And if he's with us, he'll do what's best for us. And he goes on, he said, he says, and and they just just like the people today, they forgot what God did last year, what God did at the meeting out here at the high school. You forget all about it. See what God did and you just forget about it. Now notice, and because they begin to argue with one another, what's starting to happen? The joy is starting to erode. You know, the Baptist and the Methodists, our church is biggest and and they just on and on they go. That's when the desert when his lives out in the desert began to murmur, murmur, and complain. What I tell you, I tell you, when that old pastor was here, that old preacher that preached the old time religion like that, I you know, and and all of a sudden, what starts to happen? We start to complain. complaining and murmuring robs you of the completeness of your redemption. Your redemption is completed in joy. You go home and listen to the tape. You can take that down now. Oh, it's harder than I thought. I thought you just pressed the button. There you go. I'm learning these things slowly. You know, it's hot. People start complaining, "Oh, it's so hot. It's so hot." You know, why don't you just say, "Praise God for air conditioning. Oh, this nice cold glass of water is so refreshing. Oh, shade tree, I just love you." and you go put your arms around the tree and you thank God for the leaves and and and you're just so you know you're not going to murmur about the heat. Oh man, it's hot. Oh man, it's hotter in hell. Praise God. I'm not going to hell. I didn't mean that the way you took it. I'm not going to a place that's hotter than this. Praise God. I ain't going there. This heat ain't nothing compared to that. All of a sudden you you remain in the joy. If you remain in the joy, you remain in the completeness of your redemption. You remain under the blood. You remain in the power. You remain on the ground. That's right. But you know, if you start murmuring and complaining, the prophet of God said the Holy Spirit just flies back, finds a little limb, and just waits till you settle down. So watch yourself. Monitor yourself. You know, I'll wear a monitor on me that lets me know what my levels are. And you know, I'm sitting on an airplane and when that thing goes off, it goes off. Of course, it went off in the plane and I said, "Oh no, we lost an engine." And then I looked over and said, "Are you saved? Our salvation's complete. Our task masters are gone. The Egyptians we see, we see no more. And now the only thing he can do is rob us of the joy of our redemption. And what happens if if our joy isn't on display? Nobody wants what we have. We have no evidence that we're redeemed because redemption is completed in joy. We We don't need to be miserable. You say, "Well, brother McGary, you don't understand. I have zero money in my bank account." Right? Well, he said the righteous won't beg bread. So, if you don't have no money in your bank account, I suggest you go turn every stone. In your life, but we just go borrow money. We run to the church and we borrow money, you know, and and and so, brother, can you lend me this? Can you lend me that? And and we say, "Oh, sure, brother. Uh, here, I'll lend you the money." And then we never pay it back. Or or we we turn our tithing into a loan payment. Or we put money in the offering and think that does it. Don't leave the ground. Stay stay in the power. Don't let the taskmaster come in. Stay in the power of of your redemption. Don't let those say that's why the scripture says, "Owe no man anything." That's right. And I'm not talking about house bill or car payment. It means don't get in a situation where you're not going to pay back what you borrow. Of course, I just write it off because I go back to Calvary and I think of all that he forgave me and I think, Lord, this there's probably something I forgot to repent of. I go back to what the prophet of God did when they tore his fence down. You just close your eyes and you go back to Calvary and you see that the death angel passed you. You have eternal life. And you think about that. I've got eternal life. The death angel has passed me by. And then I think about my task masters. They're not going to come get me no more. I'm free. And I'm not worried about cocaine. I'm not worried about smoking pot. I'm not worried about shooting up. I don't care anything about it. I have no desire for it. I don't care about ball games. I just don't care. I I don't that doesn't bother me. If someone wants to go watch a game, that's fine. It's just that I I that doesn't that's not in me anymore. And I rejoice in that. It's not condemnation. It's not accusing you. I don't care if you like the Cowboys or not, you know, or this team traded this team and this guy went here and everybody's falling apart and then someone comes up and he says, "Dad, it's all rigged. The whole thing's rigged. All sports is rigged. All All this is rigged. Everything's rigged." And I just think back, it's Yeah, it's rigged. But then my heart beats inside. So is my salvation. Hallelujah. It was rigged before the foundation of the world. That he wouldn't lose a one. And we go back and we restore our joy. Don't let anything rob you of the completeness of your redemption. Don't let sickness, you know, Satan says, "Well, you're going to die." No, no, Satan, wait a minute. No, no. If if if this cancer gets me, alls it is to me is a house remodel. If if this cancer is going to go on, it's just going to remodel this flesh. Going to update it to a young body, I'm not going to let my joy go because my salvation is completed in joy. And that's what they did. They lost their joy. They forgot everything that God did and they murmured and their complained and alls it did was prolonged their journey. And that's all Satan is trying to do is keep us here longer and longer so he can have more chances to deceive us. And now he's got a nice little rosy American in there that sounds like he reads the Bible. Oh, he's just such a good man. He's got two forks and on his head, two horns on his head. He's got a forkid tail and he carries a pitchfork. He's the diabel. That's bottom line because my Bible tells me that Satan appears as an angel of light. So, the world's going to get crazy, but our redemption has already been won. And the completeness of our redemption is joy. I give you peace. Jesus said that surpasseth all understanding. I give you joy and we can rest in that. You say, "Well, I don't have joy." Go back to your calling. Go back to the blood that kept the second death away from you. Go back to the task masters that have come out of your life. And don't fear the future. He who started a work in you will complete it till the end. And that gives me joy. Amen. God bless you tonight. Pray for our brothers as they get ready to go out and minister. Uh, if anybody wants to look at the colors that we'll put up there, I'll I'll put them out here. And if you want to and I I'll I'll number them one, two, and three. And you can pick a color. And then I'll look at them and pick a color. And I know you're saying, why do you care what color it is? You don't look at it. But I just might have eyes in the back of my head. So you always got to be careful. Be happy. You love them. Amen. God bless you. Let's stand this evening. A wonderful tape if you want to listen to it. Uh uh uh complete uh redemption incompleteness of joy. Uh 1954. And uh I 3:30 I believe great great sermon. It really inspired me and I I was thinking on joy. I wanted to preach on joy and the Lord just quickened me to go listen to this and it really was a blessing to me. So let us bow our heads. We'll get Billy to come and close the service and uh dismiss us in prayer tonight. Heavenly Father, it's so wonderful to be a Christian, Lord. and not the deception of the Christian of the world, but to know what hour I'm living in. knowing I've been chosen for a resurrection and a rapture. That I have a new body. Oh Lord, that nothing's going to keep. Just nothing can pluck me out of the palm of your hand. And as my love grows for you, Lord, and you continue to show your love for me, the things of the world just get cold. And I realize I can't make it without you. Father, I'm sure I could probably live alone and in my own world, but I love to be around the saints, other people that you've bought, that you've delivered, to see the smile on their face, the joy in their heart. So happy that they know that their lives are in the palm of your hand. in all their hearts desires for their loved ones, their offspring, for people that they have a burden for to get saved. I can know assuredly that you'll give them the desire of their heart. Lord, let us not forget yesterday and all the goodness. How you called us, how you destroyed our taskmaster. How we danced on the shore of redemption. How happy we were. How we shouted amazing grace. How sweet the sound. Lord, that burden and heaviness was so heavy and it just seemed to be so lifted. Oh, Father, restore unto us our joy. We ask it in Jesus precious name we pray. Amen. What's the name of that song? I like that. [Music] Do you guys know that [Music] song? Do you know it? Billy, can you start it? Do you have your mic over there? [Music] I live when I kneel down at your feet. Oh, and it's a place of healing. It's a place where I find freedom. [Music] There's a place my eyes can see. Where my spirit long to be. Oh, and it's a place of healing. It's a place I live in. freedom. I'm going to lift my [Music] hand to heaven. I'm going to shout your name. Hallelujah. Till I walking down. I've come to worship. I've come to worship. Oh, I'm going to sing my song like I am not ashamed. I'm going to shout for joy. Oh, and at the age of your name, I've come to worship. I've come to worship. [Music] Oh, there's a love that lives in me. For you, Lord, my savior king, oh breaks the sea that's binding and leads me to a place of freedom. Oh. Oh. I'm going to lift my hand till I heaven. I'm going to shout your name. Oh, till I walk. I come to worship. Oh, I come to worship. Oh, I'm going to sing my song like I am. I'm going to shout for joy at the offering. I've come to worship. I've come to worship. Oh, and there's no one that can bring me peace that can wash me clean like you, Lord. Oh, there's nothing. Oh, in this world that can free me. Oh, you save my soul. I'm going to lift my hand till I can reach and then I'm going to shout your name. Oh, until the walls come falling down. I've come to worship. Oh, I've come to worship. I'm going to sing my song like I am ashamed. I'm going to shout for joy. [Music] Oh, I come to worship. I've come to worship. Hallelujah. You ask me why I'm happy, so I just tell you [Music] what. Oh my god. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Yeah. Praise God. [Music] Oh my god. [Music] [Music] The blood of the cross of Calary darkness is come [Applause] down the sea of God for that's great enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Oh, and I'm looking up for Jesus. Oh my happy night and day because my sins are gone. Oh, and my soul is filled with music. And from my heart I say I know all my saints are gone. Oh there I the cross of [Music] Calary. It's in the sea of God that's enough for me. Praise God. My sins are gone. Hallelujah. Amen. You feel joy tonight in your heart. We have nothing to be sad about. Amen. Let's just bow heads. Gracious father, so thankful for your word tonight, Lord. And father, I can certainly say from my own heart that I feel joy. I feel happy, Lord. And father, your word removes depressions. Your word removes the cares of the world. Your word just cleans us off, oh God. And what a fountain of life that we have that we could drink from, Lord, and be renewed every single day, Lord. And Father, no matter what's going on, Lord, your word always has the answer to what we have need of. We're so thankful for that, Lord. And and Father, I pray may we drink more of this fountain. May this just bubble up in our hearts every day that Lord, even as we heard, that your joy may be in display every moment of our lives, Lord. And forgive us, Lord, where we've gone wrong. And Lord, that we may be reminded tonight as we heard, Lord, that your joy that you give us is eternal, Lord. There's nothing that can happen in this world, Lord, that can bring us to the place where the devil is trying to attack us that we should remember always that you are with us and you're walking with us. That's the promise that you made that you'll not only be with us but even in us until the end. Father, bless us as we go out of here. Lord, that we may go out of here victorious people and know that the victory is not even overcame today, but it was already given to us since the foundation. Walk with us every step of the way, Lord. Those that couldn't be here. Father, I pray for every single one of them, Lord. May you guide them and lead them, oh God, and bring them in that same joy, Lord, that we as a body, Lord, we as a together we may experience of that joy that you promise we'll have every day, Lord. Bless our pastor, Lord. And Father, I pray that you touch his knees and just make him well, Father. Just continue to strengthen him with abundance of revelation, Lord. Father, that every time he stands here, may you just inspire him from your word that we may receive for you because Lord, we live by this word of God. We commit everything to you and as we go out here, protect each one on the road and bring oursel back again if you will, if you choose to meet us again, Lord, we commit everything into your hands and ask this in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Give me that key of seed. What's our song? Joy is a flag. Oh, jewel is the flag from high. From the castle of my heart. Oh, from the castle of my heart. From the castle of my heart. Joy is so far from high. From the castle of my heart. Oh, the king is in residence. Pray and let it fly in the sky. Let the whole world know. Let the whole world know. Let the whole world know. Oh, let it fly in the sky. Let the whole world know. God is in rising. God bless you. Sing it as you go. Oh joy is so far from high from the castle of my heart. Oh from the castle of my heart. From the castle of my heart. Jo is so fly from high. From the castle of my heart. Oh God the king is rising. Oh I let it fly in the sky. Let the whole world know. Let the whole world know. Oh, let the whole world know. Oh, let him fly in the sky. Let the whole world know. Oh, that the king is rising. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
