################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - [2025-04-13am] Believing Or Living Running Or Fighting (For The Gospel)  Pastor David McGeary Sr. - David McGeary Sr.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-13
Title:   [2025-04-13am] Believing Or Living: Running Or Fighting (For The Gospel) | Pastor David McGeary Sr.
Speaker: David McGeary Sr
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nq5tw9ddle4
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] We [Music] are Lord. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] May God bless you. Let's all stand and sing that this [Music] morning. Oh peace of God, cover me. Cover me. Cover me. Oh, a peace of God cover me. [Music] through the snow cover me. Oh, and peace of God cover me. Oh, cover [Music] me. Cover me. Oh, and peace of God cover me. Oh, through the soul cover me. Oh, and only you I am safe. Only you are secure. Only you I find peace. Cover me. Cover me. Oh, cover me when I hurt you. Cover me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am going through the stor. Cover me when all sings hopeless. Cover me when my strength is gone. Let the peace of passes all I understand. Cover [Music] me. Just sing it again this morning. Oh, and peace. Is that your heart desire this morning? Let's just sing it as a prayer to him. Oh, and cover me. Oh, cover me. Oh, and peace of God. Oh my go only you Lord. Oh and only you I save. Oh and only you are secure. Only in you I [Music] need [Music] cover. Oh me when I am worthy. Come with me when I cover me when I am going to the cover me when I see this. Cover me when my strength is gone. as a peace that passes all [Music] understand. Hallelujah. Amen. To be under his protection. That's our heart's desire this morning. Amen. Brother David Junior, if you could just come and open our service in prayer. [Music] Happy to be in the house of the Lord. Uh my wife talked me out of wearing overalls to service this morning. But uh you know there's a lot of people have gathered this morning around a lot of things. You know, there's uh probably gatherings at hospitals around birth, around death, gatherings of family, and just I just trust that we have a singleness of heart and mind of what we've gathered together for this morning. And if you could just each one of you, let's approach him and give him the preeminence this morning. Let's bow our hearts. Heavenly Father, we're so thankful for this congregation that's come, Lord, in this assembly. Father, for we believe we've come that you would have the preeminence amongst us. And Lord, you'd have your will and way in this service. And Father, I'm opening my heart to you, asking that you would continue to deal with me, Father, and change me, Lord, and mold me into your image, Lord Jesus. And Father, that in this service, Lord, you know the needs of each one. And there's not one here you're not mindful of. And Father, maybe some came because they were told to or maybe even numb, oh God, that they knew it was the right thing, but just didn't even have faith to claim anything, Father. But Lord, we ask even now, Lord Jesus, that you would just begin to move and raise our faith and our expectation, Lord. And you're the same yesterday, today, and forever, Lord. And your word will accomplish that which you've sent it forth to do. And Lord, you have a bride that's showing forth your glory in this day. that Lord's the very image of your love and your grace. And Father, we're asking for that grace, oh God, to come and make the difference, Lord. That it would be your mercy that once again would come and forgive us of our unrighteousness. Forgive us of our iniquity, Lord Jesus. And Father, may we just find ourselves once again aware of your presence, Lord, that you're here. And you're here because you promised you would be. And where you are, there's good things. And darkness has to flee, Father. And Lord, we just rebuke any hindrance, Lord. And Lord, may we see Jesus, Lord. May we not see the flesh. May we not see carnality, Lord, but may we recognize deity in our midst, Lord. And we just commit this service to you and ask that you would have the preeminence, Father, and that our hearts would be pleasing to you. We ask these things in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. I almost showed up in a tunic this morning. So, you could turn around and welcome someone in the house of God. Today is the uh dress down Sunday, barbecue Sunday. So, uh certainly happy to be in the house of God and Amen. God bless you. May I have your seats? All God's attributes were manifested to his bride is the same. We have come to revelation last we know who we are and what we raise up the Lord. There is no there is [Music] no I [Music] believe I see for we are the for this is what the scripture [Music] say. Oh, yes. We are Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, the son of man is the seven se. [Music] Oh, and we have responded to our God. Oh, there [Music] is there is [Music] there [Music] are sing for we are All unto you for sleeping saints will wake and [Music] joy hallelujah to our God. Oh, there is Oh, there is Oh, there is there is within the seven [Music] se. Oh, I'm original alive. I'm original. I'm a original. Oh, I'm original. Hallelujah. Oh sh one more time. Oh, I'm original. Oh, I'm the original. Oh, I'm the original. That's what I believe. Oh, the son of man. The seven [Music] seal of original and the are the days of the preparing the world. Hallelujah. And the voice of the [Music] S. Oh, and these are great. Oh, I sard the voice. Hallelujah. Oh, declare the word of the Lord. Oh, [Applause] holy sh Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh, and we sing the words of [Music] his [Music] child. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh my [Music] god. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. This morning is the only one we worship this morning. That's the God we worship. Hallelujah. There's no other like Shining like a sun worship this morning. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Applause] Sh. Let's just sing it one more time. Let's go [Music] [Music] back. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] for I might [Music] Shining like the [Music] sun trumpets call it. Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelu. There really is no God like Jehovah. Amen. And that's the one we serve. Amen. Amen. So good to be in his presence. Amen. U just want to make a couple announcements. Amen. We want to welcome brother Micah and Sister Joy and their two daughters who have recently uh moved here. Amen. It's nice to have them with us. Amen. If you could stand it this morning. I guess it's somewhere in the back. Amen. If you could stand this morning, I'll be Amen. We also have uh uh Brother Ami and Sister Hope and the family. They've moved from Iowa. I'm not sure if they're here this morning. If you are, please stand so we can welcome you. Amen. God bless you. Amen. Amen. Amen. I just want to say if you've recently moved and you've made this your home church, please let us know. We certainly will be happy to welcome you in our midst and and I know there's a lot uh visiting this morning. It's good to see brother Gary and as just the Stanky family here with us and we pray that the Lord will be with them this morning. all that are visiting. I see uh Josh in the back there and Sister Gina. And welcome all of you. Amen. God bless you. It's so good to be in the house of God. All our visitors, we certainly hope you feel welcome this morning. Amen. Amen. Uh one of the rules we have is if you're visiting and you were a singer, we're certainly going to have you sing for us. So, brother Ben, if you could just come this morning, that you're welcoming to the house of God this morning. Give it just amen. We always appreciate when you sing. So, and I believe you came with a song in your heart. So, God bless you. [Music] All throughout my history, free. Your faithfulness has walked beside me. The winter storms made way for spring. In every season, from where I'm standing, I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. All over my life. And I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. All over my [Music] life. And help me remember when I am weak. That fear may come but fear will leave. [Music] And you lead my heart to victory. And you are my strength. And you always will be. Cuz I see the evidence of your goodness. It's all over my life. Oh, all over my life. life and I see your promises in fulfillment. Oh, it's all over my life. All over my life. I see the cross, the empty grave. The evidence it's sinless. All my sin was rolled away because of you. Oh Jesus, I see the cross, the empty grave. The evidence it's sinless. All my sin was rolled away because of you. Oh Jesus. Oh, and I see the evidence of your goodness all over my life. Oh, all over my life. Oh, and I see your promises in fulfillment all over my life. all over my life. And all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing, "Oh, great are you, Lord." Oh, and all the earth will shout your praise. Our hearts will cry. These bones will sing. Oh, great are you, Lord. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise into your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you. Oh, it's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise. We pour out our praise. It's your breath in our lungs. So we pour out our praise to you, [Music] [Applause] [Music] oh Amen. Blessed be the Lord. Amen. certainly enjoy that. Um, just want to make another announcement. Uh, if you're going to camp and, uh, you plan on going with the vans, um, uh, please, uh, try to be here at, uh, on Thursday at 6:00 a.m. Um, if you still have issues with reservations or you have any questions about what I just said, uh, please meet with Brother Andrew and he's going to be able to help you with, uh, whatever you need. Um I believe it's been communicated. So um the vans have been booked. So we just want to make sure that um all of you that plan to go uh to camp with the van. If you're traveling with your family, that's okay. But if you plan on going uh with the vans, uh just make sure to be here Thursday at 6:00 a.m. Amen. We have a a couple of requests and brother David Cabaya uh writes uh I want to thank the Lord uh for blessing me with another year of life. Amen. Certainly thank the Lord for that. May God just touch your brother. Amen. Amen. Amen. It's a blessing to live. Amen. Amen. And sister Magda writes she's asking for deliverance from anxiety, depression and and fear in asking for strength. Amen. I believe we serve a God who can give that. Amen. All of those things are symptoms of sin and and humanity and all of that. But we have a God who can give peace and peace in abundance more than we can ever ask or think. Amen. Um also we have a testimony from sister Cindy. She writes, "Uh, God bless you, brothers and sisters. I would like to thank you for your prayers. The biopsy results shows uh show no cancer." Amen. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. Isn't it wonderful? Amen. She writes, "Because of things that happened in those days, um I saw the hand of the Lord in a process and the doctors uh were say that it's very possible it was cancer, but my doctor, Lord Jesus, said otherwise." Praise be to the Lord. Amen. Amen. Amen. Uh Sister uh Gail, it's requesting prayer for uh Isabelle's grandfather in El Paso. uh had a heart attack and and uh is being incubated, you certainly pray that the Lord will undertake for that. Amen. If you have a need upon your heart this morning, just lift your hand up to him. Amen. Isn't it the same God? It isn't it wonderful to just know that I'm in the umbrella of the same God of the Old Testament, the Jesus Christ of the New. And he's here to do exactly what he promised he will do and he never fail. That's our consolation this morning. and the brothers that are taking the offerings, if you could come. Amen. Brother Joseph, if you could just come and take this needs before the [Music] church. Lord Jesus, we come before you this morning. Father, first we give you thanksgiving, Lord, that we're gathered together. Lord, together in unity of faith, have this opportunity, Lord, to bring these needs before you into all the ears of those, Lord, that are listening now. Father, we commit these needs into your hands, Lord. Oh God, that you give us peace in our hearts, oh God. Lord, you said that you are the lily of the valley, oh God. And Father, how true. I've known that my own life. Now father for those Lord who need the peace and arrest to their souls Lord because so many things come upon us Lord to make us fearful and anxious and Lord just to cause anxiety Lord and the pressures Lord we just ask Lord that you would visit them that you would be that lily of the valley to them Lord and they have that peace and that release in their souls oh God and we'll feel that blessedness Lord of your presence Lord near them Lord just giving them that release now Father Lord for those that are sick and have other needs. Lord, we bind our faith with their requests, Lord, that they will receive what they are asking. And these tithes and offerings we're about to receive, we ask for your blessing upon them and those that will give. And we commit them into your hands. Name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Oh, God will make a way where there seems to be no way. Oh, and he works way for we cannot see. He will make a way for me. Oh, and he will be my God. Hold me closely to each side. Oh, and great love and strength. Oh, for each new thing, he will make a way. God will make a way. Oh God will make a way with a sheep. Hallelujah. Oh, and he works in way. Oh, and we cannot see. He will make a way. Oh, and it will be my God. Hold me closely to his side. Oh, and with love and strength, oh for each new day he will make a way. [Music] God will make a way. Amen. Sister Elizabeth has a special. Right after that, the choir, the youth choir will bring their special. Amen. Don't forget this, we only have uh one service this morning, preaching service. Um and then right after that, we'll go for a barbecue um for the dedication of the pavilion. Um and then uh we'll have a singing service right after. Amen. God bless you. [Music] It is it easy to end up in hell. Heaven built a [Music] barricade. Time brought in the wood and rusted the nails. But there's still something that stands in it your way. There is a cross in your [Music] way. A wall of mercy and grace. There's just one way your soul can be lost. You got to treble the blood. Climb over the cross. No, it's not easy to stray. There is a cross in your way. Hell is getting bigger. The gates open wide. The road gets water every hour. and your easy streets vivid. Just let big slide. You can skip down the lane. Just pickle out. There is a cross in your way. A wall of mercy and grace. There's just one way your soul can be lost. You got to trample the blood. Climb over the cross. No, it's not easy to streng. There is a cross in your way. There is a cross in your way. A wall of mercy and grace. There's just one way your soul can be lost. You got to trouble the blood. Climb over the [Music] cross. No, it's not easy to stand. There is a cross in your way. No, it's not easy to stray. There is a cross in your way. [Applause] [Music] [Applause] What's going [Music] Jesus, the most beautiful name of all things. Oh Jesus, the only name that brings freom. and strength. When I speak your name, mountains move and chains are loosed. When I speak your name, darkness flees. It has no hold on me. Jesus, most beautiful name that I know. You're the exalted one, Jesus. You have the power alone. You lift the lonely one. [Music] Jesus. Jesus. Jesus, the most wonderful name of all [Music] names. Jesus, the only name that brings freedom and hope. When I speak your name, mountains move and chains are loose when I speak your name. [Music] Darkness [Applause] flees no hold on me. Jesus. Most beautiful name. Beautiful name that I know. Exalted. Jesus. Jesus. You have the power. You have the power of the Lord. You Jesus. Jesus. was be exalted. Be exalted. Be exalted. Higher and higher. Be exalted. Be exalted. Exalted. Exalted. Exalted. Exalted. Higher and higher. Exalted. Exalted. Exalted. Exalted. Exalted. Exalted. Higher and higher. There's no other name. No other name. No other name. I know. No other name. No other name. I know. No other name. No other name. I [Applause] know. No other name. No other name. I know. No other name. No other name. I know. No other name. No other name. I know. No other name. No other name. I know. No other name. No other name. I know. No other name. No other name. I know. No other name. No other name. I know. No other name. No other name I know. No other name. No other name I know. Be exalted. Be exalted. Exalted. Be exalted. Exalted. Be exalted. Higher and higher. Exalted. Exalted. Exalted. Exalted. Exalted be exalted higher and higher. Cuz there's no other name like my God. [Music] [Applause] Amen. No other name giveth unto mortal, but at the name of Jesus, every knee shall bow. Amen. Let's sing that song. I just want to speak the name of Jesus as we get ready for the word this morning. Amen. Oh, I just want to speak the name of Jesus over every heart and every mind. Cuz I know there is peace within your presence. Oh, I speak Jesus. [Music] Oh, and I just want to speak the name of Jesus till every doubt addiction starts to break. Oh, and declaring there is hope and there is freedom. Oh, I speak [Music] Jesus. Oh, your name is Hallelujah. Your name is You believe that this morning? Lord is just call upon his name. Oh, and break every stronghold through [Music] the [Music] fire. Oh, and I just want to speak the name of Jesus. Oh, and all over fear and all [Music] anxiety. Oh, and to every soul captive by depression. Oh, I speak Jesus. Just speak his name this morning. Oh, and your name is power. Your name is Oh, your name is Oh, and we shine through the shadow. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh, I shot Jesus from the mountain. Oh, Jesus is free. Jesus savior of this morning. Oh Jesus for my holy name. Oh Jesus. Let's all sing and sing it as we follow our pastor. Oh, and shout Jesus from the mountain. Jesus in the street. Jesus is like the enemy. Oh Jesus for my family. I speak your holy name. Oh Jesus. Oh your name is Hallelujah. Your name is you believe that this morning your name is [Music] mine. Oh every shine to the [Music] shadow of Amen. Is there a greater name than that? Not a name greater than his name. Not a God that can do for us more than what he can do for us. No one knows what your need is this morning like he knows. Amen. Nobody has the answer for you like he has the answer. There's nothing like him. There's nothing in this world to compare. He's wonderful. Amen. We speak that wonderful name. Let us pray. Our gracious father, we speak the mighty name of Jesus. Father, it breaks every chain. It casts out every demon. It's the fountain of life. It's all joy. It's all peace. Lord, what we would I don't know what we'd do without you. Father, you're you're our whole hope. We just ask this morning that you'd make yourself known to each of us personally, that we could find the great comfort that you have to offer, that we would sacrifice and sell all out for you, Lord. We just ask again this morning that you be with us and you touch us in Jesus precious and wonderful name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning on our our fellowship Sunday. Uh, I I didn't quite bring my overalls, but I I did wear a sho I had a shirt and tie on, and when I got here to church and and and Billy said, "I thought we were going to wear shirts." I said, "Yeah, I brought one." So, I put it on this morning. So, I I'm happy to to be here. Would you open your Bibles with me to the book of James? Thank you, musicians. certainly enjoyed the songs and and the singing and and uh uh you know uh it's amazing just how when I first came into the message and and what music was available, how music and and things have changed over time and different singers have come along. Uh but the gospel keeps going forward, doesn't it? So we want to turn to the Gospel of James. the first chapter of James. And we uh want to use this as our scripture this morning. I I'd like to uh if I have it a little title. It's called Believing or Living Running or Fighting for the Gospel. So believing or living the gospel and kind of a sub a thought running or fighting. Amen. So we'd like to start here in James the first chapter and the 22nd verse. And in James speaking here, he says, "But be ye doers of the word and not hearers only, deceiving your own selves. For if any man be a hearer of the word, and not a doer, he is likened unto a man beholding his natural face in a glass. For he beholdeth himself, and goeth his way, and straightway forggetth what manner of man he was. But whose lookketh into the perfect law of liberty and continue therein, he being not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the work, this man shall be blessed in his deeds. For if any man among you seem to be religious and bridleth not his tongue, he deceiveth his own heart, this man's religion is in vain. Pure religion and undefiled before God and the father is this to visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction and to keep himself unspotted from the world. Heavenly Father, we certainly ask you to bless your word to us this morning in Jesus precious name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated this morning. not nice to be in the house of the Lord. And uh they they're going to have some hamburgers and hot dogs. Uh after service, they're going to be serve outside in the pavilion. They'll also be serving in the fellowship area. The we have seating in both places for you. And and uh so we just hope that you have a wonderful time. you know, uh, uh, it's it's nice for me this morning to have brother Gary and Sister Barbara. I guess brother Gary and Sister Barbara, you're probably my oldest friends in the message now. I think 1971, wasn't it? Yeah. So, anybody here? Well, not too many of you were here before 1971, but uh uh I met brother uh Gary and Sister Barbara in Montana when I first got up there. Uh kind of come up uh you know, just a little hippie boy, remember? From uh from California. And uh we come up up to Montana and they had come up and and and we met up there and it's uh been a a long road from there to here. But he's been on it with us all the way, hadn't he? And and that's with good. We've been through some thick and we've been through some thin, but we've never been through anything without him because he promised that he'd never leave us nor forsake us, but he be with us even in us all the way to the end. And so, uh, in in my heart this morning, uh, I I just wanted you to have a a little time of fellowship with us because we know that that, uh, we are certainly in perilous times. Would anybody agree with that? Uh uh it it it's certainly times of uncertainty and uh uh I I I like the uh uh you know if you listen to the news everybody's worried about this, everybody's worried about that. One side's screaming at the other side and and you know we've got a simple solution to life. It's called take sides with Jesus. you know, everybody wants you to take a political side, everybody wants to take this side or that, the other side. And and there's nothing lasting in the world but eternal life. And so that's what we definitely want to place our hearts in and we want to put our emphasis on is eternal life. And eternal life is a gift of God, lest any man should boast. So life eternal is something that God gives us and it's something that he wants us to know that we have. He doesn't want us to be wondering someday if we're going to go to the other side and then find out whether we have eternal life. I I don't want to live I've lived 75 years. I trust the Lord gives me another 15 uh uh by whatever he has in lot for me, but I don't want to live my life all my life doing all the things that I do and then go up there to find out whether I'm going to heaven or hell or not. You you you understand? I I don't want to live with that uncertainty. I I want to get it settled. I I I want to I I I don't want to have that question weighing over me because if I could answer that question now, if I could answer that question in my life that I know that I possess eternal life, not that I'm blessed by it, not that I know that it exists, not that I know that there's such a thing, but I know that I possess it. Amen. And I I can see this. I can see that water there. I can say it's a water. I can say that it's uh that it's uh it will quench my thirst. I can know everything about it. But I don't want to do that. I I just I don't want to just believe. I want to live. You understand? And I I want to live my life abundantly. And so I want to know that I can come to the place that this is mine. Now you can have yours, but this is mine. I I possess this. I drink this. I live by this. It's something that I have. It's not a carrot that's put out in front of me that they say if I live right, if I live right, if I live right one day, I might just get a chance to sip from this and then live under the fear that what happens if I didn't do something? What happens if I didn't get there? What happened when I finally came down to the hour and and I've been living for this drink and then I I don't get it? Well, that's that isn't even the kind of God that we serve. He wanted you to know he purchased salvation for you. Everything that you could do in your life or you've done in your life, he paid the price for it. He He He He bought that salvation. He purchased it. He paid the price for it and and he takes possession of what that he owns. And so he wants you to know that you're his. He wants you to know that you have eternal life. And with that knowledge of eternal life, you can live through any hardship that comes your way in this world. That's right. Whether it be sickness, whether it be trials, whether it be tribulations, whether it be the fiery darts of the enemy, you know this one thing beyond of a shadow of a doubt. There is a crown waiting for me. I have run the race. There's a reward waiting for me. In my father's house are many mansions. If it were not so, I would not have told you. I know that no matter what besets me here, no matter how difficult the battle, no matter the pain, the suffering, the sickness, whatever comes, it's not the end of the matter. The end of the matter is eternal life. And I have eternal life. I possess eternal life. Eternal life was a gift that was given to me. It was something that God put into me from the beginning of the world and the thoughts of the world. And so I can say, "Grave, where's your victory? Death, where's your sting? I have a crown waiting for me. I have a reward waiting for me." And it changes the the way that you live. And so the question is, are we believing or are we living? You know, we just don't want to be believers. We want to be livers of the word of God. James put it this way, just not hearers of the word, but doers of the word of God. And so we know that that uh we and we recognize the fact that and it's hard for us to accept the fact a lot of times but even in the age we live in. We know that we live in the lady and age. And if we would look around and you wanted to find we have the political world, we have the geographical world, but yet the world really is on the biblical calendar. The word of God determines the world. Not civilization, not education, not everything else. What what this age is was not determined by science. It wasn't determined by the universities. It wasn't determined by politics. It was determined by prophecy. Prophecy is modern events are made clear by prophecy. They're not made clear by politicians. They're not made clear by education. They're made clear by prophecy. And prophecy told us that in this last day, in the day that we live in, it would be like under the days of Noah. Okay? It would be likened under the days of Sodom and Gamora. And so prophecy has uh prophecy has determined uh uh what the world the condition the world's in. the days of Noah, they were married and given into marriage and and they were divorcing and and living in adultery and living in sin and and the moral corruption had had be set everywhere and so uh the reason that the world today I don't even think nowadays in the modern and and we're we're not talking about your past we don't care about your particular individual ual situation because most people's individual situation is a result of the age that they're living in. There's actually spirit uh in the land uh everywhere to destroy marriage. If couples get married, they they they're not filled with the Holy Ghost. They're not born again. They just fall in love and they wonder why that their marriage falls apart. It's because that's the spirit that's in the land. It's the environment that you're living in. It's the surroundings that are all around you. Every television show, every music station, every song, every job, all the pressures is all designed by prophecy to break it down. So you you you've got to have something to carry you through the the the all the uh things that are going on with men and women's sports and and and uh uh the I think they call it the LBG QTXPZ or or whatever it is. It's it's all prophecy. They they just didn't come along and decide that it was spoken. It's going to get to this condition in the last day. You're it's going to be in your faith. And then you you're going to have to accept it. You're going to have to include it. You're going to have to live with it. You're going to have to respect it. You better not preach against it. Well, I'll tell you, it's the devil. It'll always be the devil. It is a perverted spirit. It is a demon that can be cast out. Someone said, "Well, you're going to get taken off of YouTube." Good. I don't like YouTube anyway. We don't stream for anybody else other than our congregation to stream. We're not preaching to the world. We're preaching to those that have assembled here this morning. We don't have a worldwide message. We don't have a worldwide ministry. We're not looking to influence everybody. If you're with us this morning and you're visiting with us this morning, we accept you as part of the family of God. You don't have to go to church here to be a part of the family of God. You got to be born again to be a part of the family of God. You got to have the Holy Ghost reigning in your heart to be a part of the family of God. And so we realize that because of the spirits and the day of prophecy and because of the battles that surrounds us, even the book of Revelations describing the Lady Oia age in the book of Revelations, it says to him that overcomemeth. And so we know that there is overcoming that is a part of life. You've got to overcome. Christianity never was here. It's a solution to every problem. No, it's a way of navigating every step of life. Amen. It's a way to navigate through the spirits of the world. It's a way to navigate through the battles. It It's a way of discerning the deceptions and the lies. It It's a understanding of of how to make choices. And so we realize and I I'll read this from this statement. I think it's a beautiful statement. He says, "And I believe that the greatest battle that was ever fought is now ready to go into action. I believe that God has been selecting his soldiers. I believe he's been dressing them, training them, and the battle front is now set, getting ready to start." Now, we understand that. We understand that that there was had to be an elected group of people. There had to be a people that was chosen. There had to be a gospel that came and called them out and separated them because God's word called for separation from unbelief from total separation from unbelief. Now, it's not God asking us to separate ourselves from unbelief. Oh, please separate yourself from unbelief. It wasn't like it wasn't like uh this is a a kind of an instruction. No, he called for it. So, in other words, when God called, he called. He said, "Let there be light." He He didn't hope light would appear. He he didn't he he didn't uh say uh go go find a candle. No. When he said let there be light, he spoke it. And when he spoke it, what was light appeared. So God interpreted what light was by bringing to pass what he spoke. And so if he if his word called for total separation, he didn't say, "Now I think it's a good idea that you separate yourself." No, he said, "I'm calling for total separation from unbelief." Therefore, there would be a people. There would be somebody that would come into existence that would be living on this earth that separated themselves from unbelief. Do you understand the difference? And that's where you come in. He selected the army. He chose you. You don't know why he chose you. It doesn't make sense why he chose you. You couldn't look at any of your lives. You couldn't look at your background. You couldn't come up with any reason in the world that he chose you except for his divine sovereignty. He didn't have to, but he did. He found me in California. Just a LA uh Southern California hippie. into rock and roll music, you know, hair all along and everything like that and and you know, just uh you know, just uh always, you know, smoking and out of my mind and all that stuff. It wasn't the ground. It was the seed. He put the seed there. He planted the seed. And he said if he planted it that he'd water it, that he would husbandry it. He would bring it to pass and he would perform the purpose for which he planted it for. You might have seen me back then. Maybe some of you seen the pictures and you would you wouldn't have believed it. This is not possible. But praise God, all things are possible with the father. He He does it because he said and he calls you and and you and you weren't perfect when he called you. It wasn't the point that you were perfect. He didn't wait till you got perfect to call you. Amen. He called you when he decided to call you. He knew who he was going to call. In fact, he he he he got your great greatgrandfather with your great great grandmother. He planned it all the way down. He knew the hour. He knew the time. He knew the place. He knew the condition. None of that mattered to him because what he speaks comes to pass. If he says by word I call for total separation from unbelief. I'm going to have a people that I'm going to separate from unbelief and I'm going to train them. I'm going to call them and I'm going to train them and there's going to be a battle. And that's the way he made it. That's the way he planned it. So, we find ourselves this morning in the world around us as it is. We're not trying to change the world. The world is spoken for what it's going to be. It has a different leader. It has a different power. It has the prince of the air. It has It's his world. It's his kingdom. It's his Eden. And we're not part of it. We're in this world. But we are not of this world. Oh, if I to ever get that, not only to sink into you as my brothers and sisters, but to sink in myself. I am a pilgrim. I am a stranger. I am walking through a land that is not mine. It belongs to somebody else. And the only thing that I can do that I'm instructed to do is to keep myself from being defiled by it. And it's not easy because the flesh wars against the spirit and the spirit against the flesh. And these two things are contrary. We have senses and we have emotions and we have all those things around us. But yet he that is in us is greater than he who is in the world. And that's where we've got to lay our trust. We can't let our faith waver. We can't let it waver about our children. We can't let it waver about our spouses. We can't let it waver. We've got a God that can change things. That's right. The word of God says the believing spouse sanctifies. But if we don't, we let darkness come in. We let doubt come in. We let wondering come in. So there's a battle that's going on. And you can't overcome without a battle. there's if you're going to, you know, make it to the mountaintop, you got to climb the mountain. You You know what I mean? That's that's the thing. So, it's given I I could just read it real quick if just to to turn to it and just real quick. In in the book of Revelations the 3 chapter, it says, "Behold, I stand at the door and knock." So this morning, retrusting that he's knocking at your heart. And you say, "He's not knocking at your mind." He wants something in your heart to respond to what Satan puts in your mind. So God works from the inside out. He puts something in you that speaks back. He puts something in you that stirs you up. It can be conviction. You know what I mean? It sometimes it it's just oh I I don't know how to express it. my vocabularies are not great enough. But sometimes it's it's just an awareness or maybe even like a sense of fear, godly fear, where all of a sudden it just comes over you. I I just don't think I'll do that. Why? Because he's working from the inside. That's right. Satan is an enticer. That's right. You know, I mean, he's always offering. He's always doing these things. So there there's a battle that that's on. And so he so there if Satan and we have an enemy, right? Satan is like a roaring lion going about seeking whom he may devour. So you're in this world, but you're not of this world. So you are an adversary to the worldly kingdom. That's right. You're not subject to it. You're not subject to its laws. That's right. Now, I'm not talking about the laws of the land because if you were a Christian and you lived 100% by the word of God, we wouldn't have to have jails. There would be no crime. There'd be no murder. There'd be no adultery. There'd be no alcoholism. There be no drugs. Everybody would come up to a stop sign and the person would get up and please my brother go first. Oh, thank you, brother. Can I help you? There'd be no pickpockets. It would be, "Oh, I I I heard that you lost your your job. Don't worry. We're all praying you get a job here. We're all going to pitch in and take care of you. We'll get your bills." You wouldn't have banks. You wouldn't have loans. No, you you when you if if you keep the law of Christ, you keep the laws of the land. All the laws of the land was was to put demons behind bars and then you end up with demons warning against demons, you know. But so he says this. So there had to be a place. There has to be a place and this is there's a mutual ground, a no man's land that they fight here at this place. They just don't one fight over here and one down here and one run over here. There's a battle front where they meet and test their powers. Two powers. How many know that? There's two powers. And there's got to be a place that they meet where they test their powers. When David and came and Israel came and the Philistines came, they picked a valley. I I don't know was it the valley of Jezrael? I forget which valley it was. And they they met at this place and the army stood there and Goliath came out and and he was wanted to test Israel. He says, "I'm here to test your power. Send your champion And everybody looked at Saul and everybody looked at their warriors and they looked at that. You know what? And and they didn't know how they were going to win that battle. You know why they they didn't know how they were going to battle? They forgot who their champion was. And then all of a sudden, a little shepherd boy comes out. Oh, he looked like a shepherd boy, but you know who he really was? He was the anointed king of Israel. That's who he was. He was God chosen, not man chosen. Amen. You're God chosen. You're not man chosen. I wouldn't have chose any of you. Guy told me one time, he said, "Everybody is in your church because you got mind control over them. I said, "Friend, if I had mind control, you wouldn't be here. If I had mind control and I was to pick my congregation, it would be Mark Zuckerberg and Bill Gates and and the Bass Brothers and and you know what I mean? Why fill the seats up with the poor of this world? Right? I have all multi-millionaires, billionaires. But God didn't choose billionaires. He chose the poor of this world, rich in faith. Hallelujah. And Israel forgot who their champion was. Little shepherd boy comes up there. The first thing he wants to know, who is this Philistine that defies the armies of the living God? You know what David did? He went back to the Red Sea. He went back to Joshua. He went back to the victory. He went back to the son. He went back to all the promises that were given in the book. He knew a Messiah had to come. He knew that this wasn't according to the word of God. So he went up there. He was going to meet him. He met him on the ground, but he didn't meet him in the same power. Goliath wanted to meet him with military power, might, military strength. David was on the same ground, the same battlefield, fighting the same war, but he wasn't fighting it with the same power. And we don't fight the battles of this world with the power of this world. Our victory is in intellect. Our victory is in education. Our victory is in science. Our victory is faith. We overcome by faith in God's word. We overcome because God's word's a reality to us. That God's word can't fail. It'll never fail. It's the same yesterday, today, and forever. We don't have to back down. That's right. You might be smarter. You might be more technically advanced. You might you might understand psychology better, but I don't come to you in the name of science. I come to you in the name of the Lord God of Israel. He said, I'm going to put you on my spear and feed you to the birds. He said, I'm going to chop your head off because he come in the power of the gospel. You know why? Because David won the battle in his mind first. He already had it settled in his mind. Shadrach, Meach, Ned. Oh, the king said, "You're going into the fire." I I love those guys. I'm longing to meet them. They wouldn't eat the king's food. They wouldn't defile themselves. They kept themselves clean. They kept themselves free from all their religions, all their foods, everything. And you don't think God didn't raise them up? They didn't compromise. And they were the rulers. That's the trouble with us. We think we got to compromise to get our job. We think we got to compromise for God to provide for us. We think we got to sacrifice the word of God. They didn't sacrifice. And they didn't get an ugly spirit. Oh, king, you're going to hell. You You could have thrown me in that fire. You know, they said, "Oh, king, live forever. You're not my enemy, king. live forever. Our God is able to deliver us. But if he doesn't, we will not bow down. Because they they settled it in their mind. They already settled it in their mind that they that they were going to serve God regardless of the price, regardless of the future. the future wasn't going to determine whether they serve God. They that the future was going to be determined by the way that they serve God. And when you set in your heart that you're going to serve God regardless the future, you'll change the future. But if you're navigating the future by what you believe and you're going to have to make adjustments as you go along, I say make the adjustments once and for all. As for me and my house, we'll serve God. You've already got that settled. And then come what may? Lot of godly apostles meant their death, hung upside down, beheaded, all kinds of things. You think they gave up? Do you think they said, "Oh, if God was with me, I wouldn't be going through this." What if? I had a saying when I first became a Christian. If wise, ifs, buts and wise. If and buts and wise are all Satan's lies. Oh, you this is what the but or if or and No, we don't add to. We don't take away. We live by God's word. Either we're going to be believing it or we're going to be living it. A lot of people believe it, but when it comes down time to live it, they won't fight. They'll run. So, the battle's there. David won that battle in his mind. He already done it. He says, he says there's a battle front where they meet and test their powers, where each army test it strength against the other army. A mutual meeting place. Now, don't miss this. When this great battle started on earth, there had to be a mutual meeting place and there had to be a place selected for the battle to begin and for the battle to rage. And that battleground began in the human mind. There's where the battle started. The human mind was the chosen for for the place of the battle where it was begin and that is because that decisions are made from the mind the head. Now they never started in some organization. They never started in the form of some mechanical affair. the ground never started there. Therefore, that organization can never never do the work of God because the battleground where you've got to meet your enemy is in the mind. You've got to make your choice. It meets you. You don't have a choice. You can either run or you can fight. But it's going to meet you. And so many times with believers, a situation arises, financial, medical, spiritual, social, family, all kinds of battles arise. You you don't you didn't choose for him to rise. You didn't wake up in the morning and say, "Oh, God, send me a family conflict today." You know what I mean? I really have been praying that I have it out with my mother-in-law. No, you don't do that. You don't get up in the morning and pray for, "Oh, Lord, just tempt me today beyond that which I'm able to bear. No, it meets you. Satan is like a roaring lion going about seeking whom he may devour. You didn't ask for that devil. You didn't ask for that lion. You weren't looking for him. But he finds you. He studies you. He looks for your weak spot. But the one thing he can only do, his only place of the battleground is your mind. He starts sewing seed in your mind. And you can do one thing. You can fight or you can run. You can believe or you can live but you can't escape it. I wish we could but you can't. It meets you. He says decisions are made in the mind the head. There is where Satan meets you and the decisions are because that's God made it man that way. He made you. So when the battle strikes your mind that you have to make a decision, you can't run because if you don't fight then and you run from it, you don't deal with it. You don't face it headto head. You don't admit, I'm going through a mental battle. I'm going through temptation. My faith is being tried. This is the fiery darts of the enemy. But if you run, you've already you you can't win if you're running and you're not living when you run. I had a friend one time he decided that income tax was unjust and unfair. He got so ate up with not paying taxes that everything he did he did in cash. Every time he would go to a job, he'd work something out where somebody else got the money and they could take a percentage and give him and he ran from the federal government. Wouldn't take a surgery, wouldn't fill out any paperwork and everything. You think he was free? You think he was free from taxes? He was enslaved to taxes. He didn't even realize it. running. Run run run run. No, he died broke with nothing. And all he could say, I didn't pay $50,000 worth of taxes. You never had a house. You never could buy a new car. And you call that living? You can't live without fighting. You can't overcome without fighting. You can believe and still run. But you can't live without fighting. Because in order to live and to sit with the father on his throne, you must overcome. It meets you. So I I God made it that way. I I I'd like to say this morning, oh, you become a Christian, life's a bed of roses. Peter said, think it not strange the trying of your faith. Think it not strange that it's going to come against you. Think it not strange that you that every website out there is blasting the message of the hour. All intellect, all social comparison, all modernism. Say heaven's not going to have one skyrise in it. not going to have one automobile. It's going to be no artificial anything about it. Nowadays, they don't even trust you. They don't want your intelligence. They want artificial intelligence. Get AI. I I I'll guarantee you some people wish they just had a chip they could plug in their wife's head, you know what I mean? and make her just do that with the cook me dinner, make my bed. What What's happened to us? We're Christians. We live the word of God. We live by faith. We don't we don't let those thoughts come into our mind. We don't we don't care what's going on out there. I don't care what the internet says. I got another voice. I got something else that talks to me. It ain't a rap star. It ain't a radio station. It ain't a ball player. You tell me how how what does it profitth a man if he gains the whole world and loses his soul? You tell me who's smarter. The guy that's got all kinds of jet planes and boats and islands and all kinds of money and he just worries about how he's going to keep it and he needs to make more because he's got to show everybody how powerful he is and everything. And and he's, oh, I give to this university. I give to and it's all temporal. It's all carnal. It's all going to be done away with. And then you've got eternal life. What's going to happen to you when you die? You know what they do? They run. I don't believe in God. I don't believe in life after death. You think because they don't believe in life after death, there's no life after death. Who do they think they are? God said it's appointed for once to man to live and then the judgment. So you just tell me. Is it the God of the Philistines or is it the living God of Israel? Is it the words of our Lord and Savior or is it the words of of of religion and education and science and and this world and the newspaper? Man, some people thinks Fox News is the Messiah. You know, you got to worry about a fox. The most cunning of all animals. I think they referred to as a sly fox. Sorry for all you people that he says, "God, let none of them miss it." See, it's your mind that opens the door or closes the door and listens to your conscience, listens to your memory, listens to your affections, but when your mind closes itself to these things and lets God, the Holy Spirit of the word come in, It blows the rest of the stuff out. Every doubt is gone. Every fear is gone. Every sensation of doubt is gone. Every feeling is gone. There's nothing standing there but the word of God. And Satan cannot battle against that. No sir, he cannot battle against it. Now we know that's true. What's he do? He gets you to open your mind. That's all Satan wants to do is just get you to reason, just get you to think, just get you to compare, just get you to consider. What about this? What about that? What if? But well, and why? Anything to get you to open your mind. And if you open your mind, then he gets you to thinking. And thinking is another form of reasoning. Then you get figuring it out. Why do I Why am I sick? I don't know why I'm sick. God knows why I'm sick. God's my healer. Well, what happens if he don't heal you? If he don't heal me, he wants to take me home. If he don't heal me, he wants me to v be victorious. Paul said, I sought the Lord thrice for my healing. And then he spoke to me and he said, "My strength is made perfect in weakness." You're sick, so I'm sick. I'd rather be sick in body than sick in soul. Sickness never measured my salvation. Sickness never said whether I had the Holy Ghost or not. I believe God. I believe he's a healer. Whether he heals me or not, he's got a reason for everything he does. If we had our religion, there wouldn't have been one martyr. Nobody would ever give their life. If we would have had our mental religion, Stephen would have never been stoned. Oh, wait. God so powerful. How did Stephen get stoned? Stephen was happy to lay down his life. I see. Oh, his last moments when they grab them stones, he says, "I see him sitting at the right hand of God." No. If he he gets you trying to figure out life, I don't have to figure out life. That's right. The footsteps of the righteous are ordered by the Lord. Why is my husband going through this time? Why is my wife going through this time? Why am I having trouble on this job? Why am I having you know why you're having trouble? You're thinking too much. We should all go back to kindergarten. Stop, look, and listen. They don't probably don't even teach that anymore, do they? Stop. Talk it over. Get back with him. Life's a battle. You're going to have to live it. You're going to have to overcome it. I'm almost done. So, all the guys can go and get their stuff ready for you to eat. What did she do? She said, "The battle raged when Eve opened up her mind to listen to reasoning." That's the flu it comes in. That's the channel it runs down. her reasoning. She in her soul she reasoned. The first thing she did was opened up her mind and when she did, human reasoning caught it. Why wouldn't that be a thrill and and so you you find out that there's there's a this great battle. And so your mind's got to be set. Your mind's got to know we we Satan has tricked us to where we're looking out here at things. We're seeing the result of things and think that Satan does deals in the results. He only battles you one place right here. How you're thinking, he's trying to get you to look at it a certain way. He's trying to get you to discern it a certain way. I know a man he he just he he likes to dream dreams and see visions, you know, he he he don't like the fact that we we just stay with the word of God. He wants he wants to insert dreams. He wants to insert visions. You know, he he wants to say, "I dream that and I dream this and I saw this and I saw that." It don't matter. I'm not saying he didn't see it. But if it's not the word of God, I am not going to open my mind to it. If someone says, "This is the Holy Ghost, and that's the Holy Ghost, and if you had the Holy Ghost, you would do this, you would do that. If I got the Holy Ghost, I'm going to do exactly what the Holy Ghost wants me to do. That's right. There's no evidence. There's no proof. You need that for your mind. I don't need it for my mind. I know where I was. I know what he took me from. I know what he took out of me. It's a personal affair. I know he loves me. Why? I don't know. [Applause] I didn't choose him. He chose me. I had nothing to do with it. You say, "Why are you there this morning?" I I'm guarantee you, you're probably all more qualified than I am. But he put me here. He'll take me out when he's ready. You say, "That's awful boastful. If I didn't believe that, I'd be a hypocrite. There's one thing I do know. I know I love you. I'm trusting you love me. That's what the prophet said makes a good church. When the pastor loves the people and the people love the pastor, you got a good church when they love one another. He never said they'll know you by you're my disciples by how much dead you raise. He said they'll know you are my disciples by your love one for another. She opened her mind. So what does Satan bring? All he's trying to do is get in your mind. Remember, to get you to think, to get you to consider, to get you to discern, not to get you to trust. Just say, 'Lord, I don't understand this. I worked all these years. I was faithful. I put in more time than anybody, and this happened to me. There's no reason for it. No reason. I don't need to know the reason. I know one thing. Nothing can pluck me out of the palm of his hand. Why am I nervous? Are you a believer? Nervousness goes with it. Anybody who's spiritual is nervous. Complexes part of it. Fiery darts of the enemy. None of that matters. We're trying to fix our lives. We're trying to fix everything. What difference does it make? Is it settled in your heart? Do you know you have eternal life? Do you not have The main thing is to live. I'm going to close up real quick. Satan's army brings disease. That's what Satan is. He's a destroyer. Go before you think, before you let him start talking to you, before you start to consider, before you even let him say, "Look at your life. Look at you. Keep doing the same thing. You keep going to the same website. You kept doing this. You kept doing that. You kept doing that until he gets you so looking at yourself, you're destroyed." You ought to just turn to him and say, "That may be true, Satan. But Jesus promised me deliverance, and I'm praying." That's right. And I'm going to ask him to deliver me. That's right. I'm going to ask the blood be applied to my life. I I I am going to overcome because it's given to the overcomer. So you can pile up all the stuff that I've got overcome. It may be a high mountain, but I'll tell you something. I know somebody who was on top of a mountain that I could overcome the mountain. We give way too much space to the devil. And you're never going to fix a mental battle with a mental battle. You can't use his weapons against him. You got to use one thing. Your election in my father's house. That little boy was in the pig pen. He had squandered everything he believed, everything he lived for rout. And finally one day he come to his sense. He says, "In my father's house, the servants live better than this." You know what got him out of that mud pit? His election. Who he was. And when you get tired, Yes, sir. enough of the world and you finally say, you know something, this is not what I am. You say, how did you get saved, brother McGary? You know how I got saved? I was in a house, a drug party in my own house with Hell's Angels, with rock musicians, with uh movie stars, with everybody, famous people, all drinking and smoking and and carrying on and men with men and women with women, working that which was unseemingly. And all of a sudden, I sat right there and I looked around and it just a room full of demons. And I stepped back and I shut the door and I said one thing. I fell on my knees. I said, "God, help me. God, help me. I don't know what I am, but I'm not this. You think I popped up St. Paul? Or St. Peter? No. I got up and I had to fight. I didn't run. I had to fight. Yes, sir. I had to live. I had to fight to live. But I saw one thing. I saw Satan brings disease. Satan's whole kingdom of Satan is sickness, death, sorrow, frustration, and worry. All of Satan, God is life, faith, joy, peace over here. That's the two great forces that's coming together right now. They're battling. They're battling right here in the building right now. They're battling day by day with you. Every force. They're battling day by day with you. Every force. You can either fight or you can run. You can either believe or you can live. Satan believes. But a Christian lives. Satan follows you along. That great big kinky priestly Goliath trying to scare the liver out of you. He follows you around. Sorry, my precious brothers. Satan's following you. He's going to meet you. He's going to talk to your mind. He's going to get in your head. What are you going to do? Are you going to fight or are you going to run? Are you just going to run till the next time? The scripture says, "Withstand the devil and he will flee." It doesn't say flee and he'll leave. He'll follow you. He'll fight you. He'll battle you. He'll question you. Do you have the right job? Are you doing the right thing? Is this the right person? I've been married 54 years, right? Can you imagine me waking up? Satan say, "You sure you're married the right one? You think it's funny? He'll do it every day. Your life's a mistake. You're not even supposed to be here. You're supposed to be a missionary. You're not supposed to be a pastor. You're supposed to be an evangelist. You're supposed to be this. You're supposed to do that." He never shuts up. You know what would be the greatest day in my life? When God takes that big spiritual cork and puts it in his mouth and throws him into the lake of fire, he don't stop so you can't stop. He follows you around. He says you you're for He says he tries to scare living. You're fortified. Amen. with the gospel, with the word of truth around your loins. Glory, preacher. What is it? Helmet of salvation, the shield of faith, the sword of waving. It's in your hand, Satan. I'm coming to meet you. You meet me in the name of science. You meet me in the name of culture. You meet me in the name of organization. You meet me in the name of this, that, or the other, but I meet you in the name of the Lord God of Israel. I'm coming after you. Give way. Even death itself can't stand there. Chop a hole right through it. That's right. Fight. Satan's army brings disease, but guard armies is commissioned to cast them out. There you are. Cast every every time Satan throws anything on you unto you, God's army is to cast him out. Amen. Cast out. That's the very technique that God used. Satan, he used the army of destru Satan uses the army of destruction to disbelieve God's word and set him up a better kingdom than Michael had. And God cast him out. He didn't try to destroy him. Jesus always cast them out. Cast those thoughts out. Do you trust the gospel? Do you trust the message of the hour? Is something working on you trying to stir up doubt? You think I'm ashamed of this message? I had the regional director of all the assemblies of God in western United States. When I got done talking to him about water baptism, the only thing he could say, "Well, I guess there's two ways to be baptized." I said, "You tell me where God ever had two ways of doing anything. You can't fight God's word. It's not my battle. It's not my word. It's his word. He'll do the fighting. It's his promise. By the exceedingly great and precious promises, we're partakers of divine nature. We don't have to fight. That's right. We've just got to live. Amen. That's what Satan does. Cast them out. God's method is casting out the evil. Cast down reasoning. Cast down superstition. Cast down worry. Cast down disease. Cast down sin. Amen. You're above it. Resurrected in Christ Jesus. Sitting in heavenly places with every devil under your foot. If he starts to stick his head in there, you know you're dead. Your life is hid. What is dead? You're dead to your senses. You're dead to your conscience. Your own human will say, "Yes, I guess." Dead to your reasoning. Dead to all those things. You are buried in the name of Jesus Christ and raised with him. And where he is, there you are also. You see, we we get away. Battling is a part of living. Overcoming is a part of being a Christian. It doesn't mean you're not a Christian. Life is a constant warfare. The spirit wars against the flesh and the flesh against the spirit. But there's one thing that I could say if you would in closing with me, if you would read with me in Galatians and we've already talked about these things. So all the things that Satan brings, witchcraft, hatred, verence, image, wrath, strife, all those things. But this is what he says in Galatians 5 and 22. But the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, and faith, meekness, temperance. Against such there is no law. And they that are Christ have crucified the flesh and the affections and lust. If we live in the spirit, let us also walk in the spirit. Let us not be desirous of vain glory, provoking one another, envying one another. What is to live? Another great place to go to if you would is second Peter. As we read this, as we prepare to turn the service to close. Read with me second Peter. And this is from the message statue of a perfect man. It says, "Simon Peter, a servant and apostle of Jesus Christ, to them that have obtained like precious faith with us through the righteousness of God and our savior Jesus Christ." Can we say that together? We've all obtained like, precious faith. We all believe this morning. If you're not a believer this morning in the Lord Jesus, we welcome you to put him to the test to read his word and find out if he's not a living person. Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord. according as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue. whereby are given unto us exceedingly great and precious promises, that by these you might be partakers of divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust. And besides this, give all diligence. Add to your faith virtue, and to virtue knowledge, and to knowledge temperance, and to temperance patience, and to patience godliness, and to godliness brotherly kindness, and to brotherly kindness charity. For if these things be in you and abound, they make you that ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. But he that lackth these things is blind, and cannot see a far off, and hath forgotten that he was purged from his old sins. Isn't that exactly what James says? He's not a doer. He perceives himself in a glass or a mirror and then goes away and forgot what manner of man he was. Wherefore, rather, brethren, give diligence to make your calling and election sure. If you do these things, you shall never fail. We saw the fruits of the spirit. We see the statue of a perfect man. These are the things that we live by. This is how we handle situations. This is how we handle life. We live by the fruits of the spirit. We live by the virtues of a statue of a perfect man. the musicians can come. And I'd like to read this in closing and it's paragraph 360 of the statue of a perfect man. He says this. So when you surrender your complete being, everybody wants to know how do you surrender your complete being? By casting everything contrary to the word out. You don't go out there and say you're not going to sin and you're going to stop doing this and you're stopped doing that because if he can sew it, it will grow. Sin is first conceived in the mind and then it drops in to your thinking and then you act upon it. How do you de bring yourself under subjection? Don't worry about your flesh. Worry about your mind. Get your mind clean. The rest will follow. Don't sew it. Don't look at it. Don't read it. Don't talk about it. You automatically will come into s subjection. You don't let them plan it, then run away from it. You fight it right there. You fight it. You fight it in your mind. You fight the thought. You fight it right there. You fight it in seed form. You pluck it out right there. If you do the battle there, everything else will fall in place perfectly. You say, "Boy, this ain't very deep. This is deeper than you'd ever imagine." When you surrender your complete being, then the Holy Spirit just pours through you in these virtues. Then you're living. How does the Holy Spirit come in? Everybody's got it in gifts and in power and demonstration. You know where all those powers and demonstrations start? With the Holy Spirit putting these virtues, flowing through you in these virtues. And then you have the right heart to pray for the sick. You have the compassion to lead the soul to Christ. You're not doing it for a demonstration. You're doing it because the love of God is shed abroad in your heart by the Holy Ghost. It's a then people look out and say that it's a man full of virtue, knowledge, that believes the word, temperance, patience, godliness, brotherly kindness, full of the love of the Holy Ghost. See, there he is walking around. What is it? a statue that unbelievers can look at and say, "There's a Christian. There's a man or a woman who knows what they're talking about." You never see a kinder, sweeter, godlier person. You're sealed. The seal shows on both sides whether you're going or coming. You see the seals just the same. There you are. When a man or a woman possesses this, then the capstone comes down and seals them into the kingdom of God, which is the Holy Ghost. Then the words coming from here manifest itself through each one of these beings. See, and makes this a complete being, a tabernacle of the living God, a walking living example of Christianity. What Christ was, these people are because his life is in here. There they are in Christ and their life is dead and hid in Christ through God and sealed in there by the Holy Ghost. 1 Corinthians 12. That's right. You reckon yourself dead. Then you're born of faith. Then virtue and these other things is added to you till you're a perfect living image of God. That's wonderful. You say, "Is that possible?" He spoke it. I believe it. That settles it. You can live this, church. Block out the negative. Never, never, never have a negative thought. If there's things in your life you don't want to be there, Lord, I don't want it there. Help me. Help me overcome. Jesus looked at that man and says, "Does thou believe?" He said, "Lord, help my unbelief. Help my battle, Lord. Help me get my thinking right." And you watch. He didn't call you to lose you. All that the father hath given me will come. And if he started the work in you, he'll finish it all the way to the end. As we said Wednesday night, when you buy something, you get what you pay for, right? Well, Jesus paid. He paid a price and he's going to get what he paid for. He's going to get a bride without spot or without wrinkle. And he'll wash her. He'll add to her. He'll build her. And he'll keep her until the day that he takes her home. You have to decide this morning what side of the battle do you want to be on? I want to serve God. I want to serve him better. I want to overcome. How do you overcome? You fight. I'm not going to run. I'm not just going to believe. I'm going to live and I'm going to fight. I'm going to live by Galatians 5:21. I'm going to live by First Peter. My decisions are going to be to have those virtues and live by those virtues. And I promise by the grace of God, I'll be an overcomer. You love them. God bless you. Let's [Applause] stand. What's those [Music] words? Amen. I like this. There is a source in times of need. There is a source in the time of need that gives me hope. That brings me peace. Every day my savior stands I [Music] do all your strength is gone and your heart feels full. Remember, God is greater than the stor. Take courage. The battle is the Lord. When the waters [Music] rise, he calls my name and gives me I'll be hold my [Music] hand and makes me stand. out on the water when you're [Music] walking on your [Music] strength when your heart [Music] is gone. The battle is the battle. Sing that second verse. Oh, and when the water is dry, oh, he calls my name. Oh me on the way. Oh my hand. Oh I should falter. Oh it makes me stand out on the water. Oh the Lord you are. Oh, leave you tight and bold. All your strength is gone. And your heart feels so God. It's greater than the [Music] stor. Take the battle is the Lord. [Music] All trials of this world, they getting stronger. Oh, and the pole I felt was more than I could bear. Oh, but I hold on over. I'll give it over. Oh, and a strength within myself. Just care. Oh, and something keeps holding me. Oh, every day I see. Oh, is helping me faithfully to overcome my trials. Oh, and guiding me in. Hallelujah. for giving me victory. Oh, and he's a [Music] reality. Something keeps holding me. Oh, as Satan lay before me his tempation. [Music] Oh, when I face the time to steal away [Music] my Oh, what I have found inside. Hallelujah. The revelation. [Music] Oh, and a strength I need to keep with his grace. Oh, and something is hing me. Oh, at every day I see. Oh, he's guiding me. Oh, and to overcome my Oh, [Music] and oh, and giving me hallelujah. Oh, and is a reality. Something keeps holding me. Jesus keeps holding me. Oh, and Jesus keeps holding me. Oh, and every day I see. [Music] always helping me faithfully to overcome my child. Oh God, [Music] oh and giving me victory. Oh, and [Music] eternality. Jesus keeps holding me. Amen. Aren't you glad it's holding you this morning? Amen. Amen. Brother Daniel Po, if you could just come and dismiss us. Want to just want to make a couple announcements. Uh the food will be ready in about uh 30 to 40 minutes. So we'll continue to After service is over, there will be two serving places. So, one will be in the fellowship hall and the other will be in the pavilion. Uh if you have young children, uh we just uh want to ask if you could take them with you so that you could help them uh get the food. Don't send them by themselves. That way you can just both husband and wife, not just the mothers. Amen. But Daniel, if you could just Amen. I trust you enjoy the word this morning. Amen. We want to fight. We want to live. We don't just want to believe. We want the word to be made manifest to become flesh in us. That's our heart's desire. Pray for the fruit. Amen. Shall we pray? Father, we thank you for this wonderful word that has come [Music] with kind heart to know that the battle is already been won. The strength we have to fight is not even our strength is your one strength. Father, that's why we already win the battle. Our prayer is that we may get strength to have faith over any power of the darkness that we have strength to cast it out and your children get delivered. We are your people and you are our God. We look to you with everything we have within us that you will never leave us. Yeah, it's your word that you will be with even within us. Father, we are more than conqueror. Father, for this time we want to thank you for everything you have done for our church here. Father, we thank you for the pastor. I pray that you may strengthen him. Father, open more of the vision that we can carry on with this. Father, I pray that the food that have been prepared may be sanctified. Father, we just want to have it for the flesh. But the spiritual food that we have already have, Father, I pray that we may go with it. Everywhere we will go, Father, that we may manifest the life of your son, Lord Jesus. That's our desire as we still here everywhere. Father, we have come short. We pray that you may forgive us. May the blood just cover each one of us, Father. We love you and we commit our time of fellowship together that you may come and speak to each one father again as we we leave this place but not your presence father we pray in Jesus name we humbly pray. Amen. God bless you. I have your seats. this. Oh, cast your burdens unto [Music] Jesus. Oh, cast your burden, oh, and unto Jesus. Oh, for he cares for you. Oh, I cast your burdens. Oh, unto Jesus. Oh, and for he came for. Oh, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Oh, higher, higher. Holy Jesus. Higher. Oh, and higher, higher, higher, higher, higher. Lower, higher, higher. Holy Jesus. Oh Lord, [Music] over Satan [Music] over Satan. Oh, Passover, Passover to Jesus forever. He came, he came for you. Oh, God. Oh, to Jesus. Oh, and he came. Oh, higher higher higher higher higher higher higher higher. Oh Jesus higher. Oh and higher higher higher higher higher higher higher. will live when I know [Music] what most satan oh I [Music] over and cast your Earth unto Jesus. All for he came. Oh for you good. Oh to Jesus. Oh for he came. We higher higher higher higher. Higher higher higher. Oh, higher, higher. Holy Jesus. Higher. Oh, higher. Higher. Higher. Higher. Higher. Oh, and higher. Higher. Holy Jesus. Higher. [Music] [Applause] [Music]
