################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-16 - [2025-04-16pm] Without A Lamb, No Real ID  Br. David McGeary Jr. - David McGeary Jr.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-16
Title:    [2025-04-16pm] Without A Lamb, No Real ID | Br. David McGeary Jr.
Speaker:  David McGeary Jr
Church:   Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 9m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WA0DmxzvDAU
========================================

Description:
Without A Lamb, No Real ID
Br. David McGeary Jr.
Wednesday Evening Service
Christian Life Tabernacle
April 16th, 2025
Bedford, Texas

The church body of Christian Life Tabernacle began in 1978 when David McGeary moved to Texas from Arizona and began pastoring a small group of believers in Haltom City. Presently located in Bedford, Christian Life Tabernacle is a City set on a Hill in the middle of the Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area.

Christian Life strives to be a witness to the DFW area by proclaiming the Gospel of Jesus Christ that has been restored in its fullness by God through His servant William Marion Branham. As an angel messenger to the Gentile church age described in Revelation 3:14-22, this Prophet’s Message was supernaturally vindicated by God to be the Truth, and ministered an exodus from the creeds and doctrines of this Laodicean church world.

"Not for one moment do I bring a message to the people that they may follow me, or join my church, or start some fellowship and organization. I have never done that and will not do that now. I have no interest in those things, but I do have an interest in the things of God and people, and if I can accomplish just one thing I will be satisfied. That one thing is to see established a true spiritual relationship between God and men, wherein men become new creations in Christ, filled with His Spirit and live according to His Word. I would invite, plead and warn all to hear His voice at this time, and yield your lives completely to Him, even as I trust in my heart that I have given my all to Him. God bless you, and may His coming rejoice your heart." - William Branham
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Come on. Come on. [Music] [Music] Hey, Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. Oh, saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. Oh, I need you now. Pour your spirit [Music] out. Oh, and Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. How I need your touch. Go and find my tri broken places for thirsting for your love. [Music] Oh my and Lord forgive me if I wonder. Oh, far away from you. Oh, and you are all I ever needed. Oh, and come and make me new. Oh, pour your spirit out on me. Oh, and fall just like the rain. Oh, saturate. Oh my thirsty soul. Oh, come and fall aresh on me. Oh, fill my cup again. [Music] Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. Oh, and I need you tonight. Oh, pour your spirit. Just sing it one more time tonight. Oh, and pour your spirit out on me. Oh, and fall just like the rain. Oh, and saturate my thirsty soul. Oh, come and fall aresh on me. Oh, feel my cup again. Oh, and fill my heart and make me whole. Oh, when I need to pour your spirit out. Hallelujah. Amen. That's what we desire tonight. Amen. Our gathering is in vain unless he can drop by. Amen. And we know the scripture says we're two or three. I gather in my name. I'll be there in the midst. And we believe he's here with us. Amen. It's good to see. Brother Jose, if you could just come and open our service in prayer. Amen. God bless you. I was trying to hide. Let's pray. has the house. [Music] atmospheros. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. So good to be gather in the house of God once again [Music] and God bless you. May I have your seats? Oh Christ our redeemer died on the cross. Oh, died for the sinners. May all is true. Oh, and sprinkle your soul. Oh, with the blood of the lamb and I will pass over you. Oh, when I when I see the blood. Oh, when I see the blood. Oh, when I Oh, I see the blood. I will pass. I will pass over you. Oh, and Jesus our savior. Jesus will sing and all he has done. Hallelujah. Oh, and a washing of [Music] mountain pass over you. Oh, when I see the blood. Oh, when I see the blood. Oh, I see the [Music] power. Oh, judment is coming. All will receive just oh and Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh, when I see the Oh, when I see the Oh, I see the blood. I will pass. I will pass over you. [Music] Oh great compassion, all kind of pass over you. [Music] When I when I see the blood. Oh, when I see the blood. Oh, I see the blood. I will pass. I will pass over you. Oh, and I spent eternity and Oh, I love I know he was for Jesus mercy never grace was free. Oh God was multiply to me for my liberty. [Music] Oh my God's word that my sin I tremble at the Lord I s glory to [Music] [Music] Oh great was [Music] free was to me. [Music] Oh to Jesus [Applause] [Music] everybody. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh my [Music] [Music] go salvation. and all the graph [Music] to me. Oh my [Music] go and all the love that salvation and all the grace that God has to all the mighty God that Heat. Heat. was free to me. Oh, my [Music] lian. Oh, blessed be the rock. Bless the rock of my soul. Hosana. [Music] Oh, I bless the rock of my salvation. [Music] Oh my god. Oh my. Oh my. Hallelujah. is [Music] [Applause] worth Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Oh, send me the rock. Oh [Music] my be the rock. Oh my the rock of my Oh, and forever. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh, the rock. Oh, bless the rock of my Ohana. Oh, blessed be the rock. Oh, blessed be the rock of my sal. Blessed be his holy name. Amen. Amen. Brother Clever and brother and sister Sarah have a special Amen. If you could come at this time Bless you. [Music] Liy of the valley, let your sweet aroma feel my love. [Music] Rose of share and show me how to grow in beauty in your [Music] side. Fairest of 10,000 make me a reflection of your love. Aha. I pray day star shine down on me. Let your love shine through me in the [Music] night. Lead me, Lord, I'll follow. But before you open up the [Music] [Laughter] door, let your word speak through me. Show me what I've never seen before. Lord, I want to be a witness. You can take what's wrong and make it right. I pray, take the shine down on me. Let your love shine through me in the [Laughter] night. Lord, I see a world that's dying, wounded by the master of deceit. [Music] It is groping in the darkness, haunted by the years of past defeat. But then I see you standing dimming, Lord, shining with compassion in your eyes. I pray Jesus, shine down on me and let your love shine through me in the night. Let's sing it together. Oh, lead me Lord, I'll follow. Anywhere you open up the [Music] door, Jesus, let your word speak to me. Show me what I've never seen before. Lord, I want to be a witness. You can take what's wrong and make it right. I pray star shine down on me. Let your love shine through me in the night. [Music] Oh, lead me, Lord, and I'll follow. Anywhere you open up the [Music] door. Let your word speak to me. Show me what I've never seen before. Oh Lord, I want to be your witness. Lord, you can take what's wrong and make it right. I pray star shine down on me. Let your love shine through me in the night. Oh day star shine down on me. Let your light shine through me in the night. Lead me Lord, I will follow. Lead me Lord, I will go. You have chosen me and I will answer. Lead me Lord. I will go. Let's sing it together. Lead me Lord and I will follow. [Music] me and I will go. You have called me. You have called me and I will answer. Lead me Lord. I will go. You have called me. You have called me. And I will answer. Lead me Lord. I will [Music] go. Amen. Praise the Lord. We want to be led by him in all things that we do. Amen. Just a quick reminder, uh there will be a a quick choir practice for those that are going to camp. And so if you're going to camp and you're here, just remain behind after service uh for a quick meeting. Also, uh just a reminder that if you're going to camp with a van, uh you will need to be here uh tomorrow at 6:00 a.m. Um I believe there was an announcement uh send in the youth chat. So, uh, please, uh, try your best to be on time so everybody can live on time. And, um, we certainly, uh, just want to have those going to camp in on our hearts. Amen. You know, I I I believe with all my heart it's just not going because there's another camp service. But I believe the Lord will speak to us. Amen. And I believe those that are going that the Lord will speak to you and and we want the Lord to move in a mighty way and that your heart may be touched and something will happen in your life that you would have an experience that you will never forget about. Amen. That's our heart's desire. Amen. Uh brother Jose writes he's certainly thankful to the Lord for healing his eyes. Amen. He's going to go back to Mexico on Friday for a followup. We certainly would like to be remembered for a man but brother Thiago had a testimony. Let me just read it. Um it says testimony of healing and said of to the honor and the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ. It said 8 years ago I developed a chronic pain on my shoulder. It was a constant sharp pain and uh and it limited my mobility and affected my daily life. And during church service when brother Raphael was sharing his testimony of healing, he said, "If you believe you could receive healing, he said in a moment of faith, I prayed and said, Lord Jesus, if you heal me, I will share my testimony for the your honor and your glory." After service, I went home and in the days following, I started noticing a change. Uh the sharp pain uh began to fade away. My shoulder began to move freely. And today for the glory of God, I can say I'm I'm I am healed and I can move my arm without pain that was once limited. Amen. It said, "I share this Amen." It writes, it said, "I share this testimony to exalt the name of the Lord Jesus who is faithful to fulfill his promise and who is still heals today." Amen. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Amen. If you believe his word, you'll receive the same testimony. Amen. I love that. If you have a need upon your heart tonight, we just heard a testimony. We know it's the same God here tonight. He hasn't changed. He His power has not gotten less. His power is the same since it was sens from the beginning. So with all our heart, if you have a need upon your heart, just lift it up to him. Say, "Lord, I have a need. I want you to come by my way and speak to me." Amen. the brothers that are taking the offerings, if you could come. Amen. Brother Beno, if you could just come and take these needs before the Lord. Amen. God bless you. Gracious heavenly father. Lord, Lord, it's with great excitement, Lord, to hear a testimony such as that. Father, you're still the same. Lord, you haven't changed. Your prophet would say, "If you healed yesterday and you promised to heal tomorrow, you'd still heal us today." Lord Jesus, Father, what it means to take you at your word. Often times we come to church and we just look at a man behind the pulpit and wonder why that man, why does he look this way? Why this? Why that? But if we could just step out of the way and say, "This is God speaking to me at this moment." Through that lips, we could be one that take you at your word when the minister says, "If you desire healing, it's yours." And the same miracle that took place in our brother Thiago may happen in our lives, Lord Jesus. The simplicity of taking you at your word, your prophet would say, "It's by the preaching of the word that deliverance comes and healing comes." Lord, we never want to forget what the main thing is when coming together in this house. It's to hear directly from your throne, Father. Lord, there's many requests that have been put forth, Lord, unspoken, Lord Jesus. You know them all. I pray for the same God that moved for brother Thiago in this service. May a word be said only the way that you can say it that pierces the heart of every individual exactly where they're at with their need, Lord Jesus. and let an answer be given to them. Not tomorrow, this day, Father. For you're the kind of God that moves today, Lord Jesus. We know what you've done yesterday, Lord. We know what you've promised to do. But I believe in a God that works today, Lord Jesus. You've shown time and time again that you don't change, Lord. And whether we feel it happen today or not, it doesn't disregard the fact that you've already done it, Lord. What we await for on this side is the manifestation of it. But when the word goes forth and a bride accepts that word, it's as good as done. Lord Jesus, we love you, Lord. We want to pray for the remainder of the service. Lord, be with the man. Lord, anoint his lips, Lord Jesus. When he comes up here to speak something, Lord, that you've dealt with him on, that he studied, Lord, and thought on, Father. If you've got to change the subject when he comes to this pulpit, so be it, Father. I've come to hear from God. God, I haven't come to hear from a man. Lord Jesus, speak to me, Lord. Speak to your people, Father. We ask a blessing over the tithes and the offerings, Lord Jesus. Bless the hands that are able to give, Lord, and the hearts that have a desire to give, Lord. I know how it is. You may be struggling and fighting bill by bill, just trying to make it, Lord. But if we could give you the last of what we've got, like the woman that gave Elisha all she had, Lord, you blessed her and you said, "May the crucif run dry." Lord, that's the kind of God we serve. Lord, help us to cheerfully give. If it's little, let it be little. Father, you're the one that multiplies. My father owns a cattle on a thousand hills. Lord Jesus, all these wonderful things, we know that you possess them, Lord Jesus. Bless the people, Lord. be with our pastor, Lord Jesus. Be brother Matthew as he travels to Louisiana to prepare himself to take some services. Father, be with the young people during the meetings, Lord Jesus. Open their hearts to receive something that they may come back with something, Lord. It's not something that stays there, Father, but it's an indwelling spirit that walks with every man wherever you're at, Lord Jesus. It's easy to find God when you're up on the mountain tops. But what happens in the valleys when things get hard, Lord Jesus? That's where you ought to find God. Cuz your word stays the same. It doesn't change. Lord, you said you'd be with us and even in us till the end. Father, have your way in the young people and all that come. Lord Jesus, let it be a special time, Father. And let every person come back changed, Lord Jesus. not temporary, but let him have met you, Lord Jesus, and continue to meet you in that prayer closet, Lord. That's where the change remains. We love you, Lord. We'll leave the remainder of the service into your hands, asking these things in the wonderful, precious, mighty name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Oh Lord, I come to you. Let my heart be changed, renewed, oh, and flowing from the grace that I found in you. Oh, and Lord, I've come to know the weaknesses I see. Oh, in me. Oh, and it will be stripped [Music] away by the power you love. [Music] Hold me close. Let your love surround me. Oh, [Music] bring me. Draw me to your side. Oh, and I will arise up like an eagle and I will sore with you. Oh, and your spirit leads me on in the power of your love. [Music] Oh Lord, unveil my eyes. Let me see you f oh to face the knowledge of your love as you live. [Music] Halleluah. Oh Lord with my heart. Oh an angel will unfold in my life. Oh, and living every [Music] day in the power of your love. Oh, be [Music] cold. Be cold. Let your love [Music] surround me. Oh, and bring me. Oh, draw me to your side. Oh, and [Music] I I'll rise up like an [Music] eagle and I will sow. Oh, and your spirit leads me on in the power of your love. Hallelujah. It's already done. Oh, and it's already done. [Music] Oh, when battle is over. Oh, and victory is won. It's already done. Oh, it's already done. Oh, it's all Let's all stand and sing it as we find Brother David Jr. Oh, and it's already done. Oh, where the battle is over. Oh, and victory is one. Oh, it's already done. Oh, I'm already here. I'm already here. Oh, and I'm already here. Oh, the battle is over. The victory is won. I'm already here. Let's just go before him. Heavenly Father, we're so thankful for a finished work, Lord. And Lord, that we can proclaim that it is finished, that it's a victory that was won and purchased at Calvary, Father. And we're not bringing any other hope, any other refuge, Lord, but simply to your cross we cling. And Father, we thank you for the ones who have gathered here tonight, Lord, the faith, and Father, and the expectation. And Lord, it's because it's who you are. And it's because we're resting in your bosom, Father. We thank you for this, Lord. This wonderful atmosphere for your presence. And Lord, each one that's played a part in creating that, Father. We ask that you'd be their portion. We just commit this service to you. We yield ourselves to you, Father, asking that, Lord, even as our brother Ben prayed, Father, that you'd be the one who ministers to the needs of your people by your word. Father, for we've been instructed by the prophet to this day that the things that you accomplish, you accomplish by your word. So, Father, we're giving that the preeminence now. And may you be glorified in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. We pray and ask these things. Amen. God bless you. Uh as you're standing, we'll just take the opportunity to read uh our scriptures and our text. We're going to be reading out of 1 Peter chapter 5 8-10. And uh we're very inspired by our pastor and the the thought that he was bringing and just want to hopefully continue on and in the path forward. So first Peter chapter 5 starting in verse 8. Be sober, be vigilant, because your adversary the devil as a roaring lion walketh about seeking whom he may devour, who resisteth steadfast in the faith, knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are in the world, but the God of all grace, who hath called us unto his eternal glory, by Christ Jesus, after that ye have suffered a while, make you perfect, established, strengthened, settle you. To him be the glory and dominion forever and ever. Amen. And uh just briefly, we'll also turn over and read in um first well, pardon me, Ephesians 6:16. And this is normally read in its f full context, but we just want to be brief to to draw this. Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked. We just add the Lord bless his word. And you may be [Music] seated. There's definitely not a question of whether or not we're in a warfare in a battle. That's right. And and we have to be soldiers. Anytime you're in a sold in a battle, uh the the person who has the commission uh whose responsibility it is to fight a war to fight a battle is a soldier. Uh and and when the when the soldiers fail, the victims are the populace there. It's there's collateral damage even often in the targeting of soldiers. But who is uh willing to take the burden, willing to lay down their lives, willing to be poured out, and they understand their calling. uh is a soldier and we have a calling to be soldiers of the cross and we we have a responsibility and we have weapons of our warfare and uh that's what is kind of the thought and what we want to fellowship on and and uh you know it's a little bit though like it's not even us who's doing the fighting right so we we it but if we're not on the right footing we're not going to be effective. And so, we're going to fellowship around that that thought. Um, I want to thank brother Tommy for going and getting the U-Haul trailer. And uh he uh endeavored to do that and we were talking with him. He said, "Bro, Brother Tommy, when you show up to get the trailer, they're going to want an ID. They're going to want to know who you are and and they're going to need the ID. That's that." But he showed up and he had a picture on his phone of his ID, but he didn't have his actual driver's license. and they made him leave and go back and go get the real thing, the real ID. And um that kind of helps just formulate a thought. Um just what I want to fellowship on is without a lamb, no real ID. And uh we we we want all of our identity to be in one place. And if you don't have that identity, it's not going to be an effective ID. So, one of the things that is taking place on May 7th, this is your this is your public service announcement. That's right. Um, if this is to make you guys a little bit uneasy and to and maybe get people like shook just a tad. Uh, as of May 7th, air travelers at domestic airports and people entering some federal buildings must have a real ID. a a real ID compliant ID and uh that has been a law passed back in 2005 in a response to 911. They've mandated that you identif IDs have a higher standard or a higher threshold. Texas has been issuing real ID compliant driver's license since October 10th of 2016. So if you your issue date is after that, you're okay. uh you could check your ID, see if it has the gold star, you can board an airplane, but if you don't have the right ID, you're not going to have the privilege of entering certain facilities. Um I'm not sure if you could get on a military base without your ID. Can you just show up in uniform and just say, "Tada, I'm I'm camoed. I've got a name tag. I look the part, don't I?" um you can't get on the base. So if you that's I don't know if they consider you awall or you kind of probably get in trouble if you don't have your ID, right? Reporting for duty, no ID, bad move. Okay, so uh hopefully that's all relatable to you guys. I think Paul tried to relate to the people of Athens saying, "Hey, you've got a statue over here to the unknown god. Maybe some of you even have a student ID. I don't know if that even affords you any privileges. Maybe a 10% discount at the local fast food store. Do they still do that? But if you don't have your ID, there's certain privileges you're just not going to be able to take advantage of. Okay. So, uh, we just want to fellowship on down and I'm going to I'm going to do some reading, but I it's to establish something. Um, and and you know, please keep in mind the idea here is is to be an effective soldier, you have to have your ID. All right. So, we're just going to be taking some quotes out of the greatest battle ever thought. We're going to try to read quick just to kind of set a b a foundation. This is in paragraph 92. There's nothing can come up in the memory and say, "Well, I remember Miss Jones tried to trust God and so and so and Miss Do tried to trust God for healing one time and she failed." But if that channel has been cleared out and been purged and been filled on the inside with the Holy Spirit, that don't even come into memory no matter about Miss Jones and what she did. So, your first thought isn't failure. Your first thought is what the Holy Spirit's leading you to. If it's you and God together and nobody else but you two, there you are. There's your battle. Now, he's I love how he's pronouncing it in the affirmative. He's giving you your ground. It's you and God. You don't have to consider. You could take this as the creative word of God, declaring already declaring everything else as though it's not. It's you and God and that alone. And there's faith. Now, but that's the battle, right? Because last I checked, this dude's here and he's got five senses and he tells me I'm here. It's not just me and go God. I could actually see a couple of you in this building right now and you might not even be tuned in. But what's what is the the faith's declaration is the only thing that matters in the scenario is your you and God. 94. All right. You throw aside everything and open up the channel and say, "God, your word is eternally true and it's for me. If the whole church fails, if the whole world fails, yet I can't fail because I'm taking your word." There's the battle. That's the thing. Down in 122, we just accept the word upon the basis God said so and sets a string between you and God. Every channel comes open between you and God. Then there's the battle. The first front line, and brother David made read this exact quote, but let's not use a .22 rifle. Let's get an atomic bomb. Let's do the job right. Let's get God's atomic bomb. What is it, Brother Brandham? Faith. F ai T. In his word. That's right. Faith in his word. and and faith misplaced is only as good as what you place it in or as temporal as what you place it in. But God's word will not pass away. Heavens and earth will pass away, but his word's never going to pass away. So if you want your faith to be resting in something that is eternal, that's solid, that's sure. The word of God, faith in his word, that's God's atomic bomb. It blows sickness and the devils right and left, annihilates them, decimates them. Oh, it's just destroys it. It disintegrates everything that's ungodly. When the bomb of faith drops in there with the word of God behind it, it blows every devil, every sickness, every disease. Amen. 126. You say the senses declare, "Oh, I can feel it. Yeah, there it is. Uhoh, I might smell it." Or so forth. These things are there. Yeah. Next thing you reason. So he's saying as soon as you're making a decision based off this channel, it's already going to go through the faculty of reasoning. That's right. Okay. It's the things that you can, you know, even science to observe, reproduce. You know, there's it's a this the mental faculty of reasoning. And he's trying to get us to understand there's a deeper uh reality that we can be in beyond the senses. And it's where the battle's at. The doctor says, "I can't get well." That ought to be. You see right there, you're wrong. That's the devil standing there. That's the devil poking these things into you. Don't you believe it. Hallelujah. God's word said, "Above all things, I would that you prosper in health." That's right. How can you be a real soldier out there? I want you to prosper and in health. So, it there's a denying of everything else in taking God at his word. And it's faith that has to be the strong hands that handle the word of God. Down in 155, Abraham, how are you going to have that baby? David Jr., how are you going to have that baby? God said so. That settles it. Well, you ain't got it. I don't know when I'm going to get it, but I'm going to get it. God said so. That won't stop me a bit. Why don't you go back to your home where you come from? I'm the pilgrim and the stranger in this land. God give the promise. God will give the baby right in the land where he sent me. Hallelujah. God will heal you right in the atmosphere of the Holy Ghost where he sent you. God will give you just believe it. Amen. Open up them flu of the soul and body and senses and conscience. In other words, clear them out. Open them up. They're not the damper. They're not what I'm leaning on. I'm not going by anything else. And just let God's word penetrate first. Take that mind. There is the battleground. Not say, "Well, if I could feel it." Okay. Now, take this. Don't Don't start resting in this. Well, if I could feel it, if I'd feel the glory of God falling, oh, that has nothing to do with it. Come on. Now, he's going to add some context to that later because he he talks about how that is a atmosphere of faith and people get lifted up and he and things get accomplished. But if that's all you're resting in, if that's what you've gone is by sensation, it's not going to be fruitful. What was the atmosphere given for? You're you're a ship without a sail. The wind just blew you and you don't even know where you're going. You're just woo. It's here. What are you doing with it? The word has to direct you in that atmosphere. You need to know what you want to accomplish. You need to be solid with the word of God. When the atmosphere comes to believe, you believe God's word the same way as if you didn't feel anything. But in that atmosphere, I believe God quickens his word. Open that mind. That's the battleground. There's where the battle sets in array right there in the front line of your mind. Open it up and say, "Every doubt, I doubt my doubts." I love that. Amen. And he he says it again. I'm doubting my doubts now. I'm believing God's word. Here I come, Satan. Something is going to take place. Sure, it will. Yes, sir. Now, we typically when we think of doubt, I don't think we purposefully say, "I'm doubting God." I don't think that's it's a lot more um if you will uh subtle than that. It's it's not like we are being willfully disobedient and we're trying to say, "God, I just disbelieve you." But there's remember it's a reasoning faculty. So, it's a lot more um slick. It It's It makes sense. There's probably some data points that have fed into it and uh we're going to be going somewhere. So, I want you to think about this. uh we wouldn't label it doubt, but we're not telling ourselves we're dis disbelieving God's word. And uh it's really just that we've listened to a voice of reasoning and we may not even be aware of it. And it I think things that we may be more familiar with is now is not the time. It's not for you. That is just your mind. That's just emotion. You're not in the right atmosphere yet. You're not at camp, right? It's it but that's a battle. Okay. But is he God? So you have to start now. What are we going to do? Doubt our doubts. So how do we do now? I'm going to now that devil Thank you. You gave me the ammo. This is going to bounce off me now. And the and the atomic bomb of faith is going to go to work here. Every doubt I doubt my doubts. Amen. I'm doubting my doubts now. I'm believing God's word. I doubt now is not the time. The scripture says now's the day of salvation. What? What? Why do I need his word says he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. I doubt it's not for me. It's It's for me. I would doubt that it would not be for me. Dumb devil. Why? Because he he saw and chose you before the foundation of the world. I doubt that it's just in my mind there. I believe that I'm hearing from something down in my heart that's saying amen. I It's deeper than me. It's beyond my re. I don't know why, but I'm say I say amen. I doubt it's just my mind. Matter of fact, my mind is a horrible mind. It's not. My mind ain't telling me God's word is true and anything's possible and just believe. Now's the hour. Now could be the time that God's the God of the miraculous. You know, and it and then faith in God's word overrites all the doubt. Yes, sir. So you just have to understand that there's going to be an adversary and you're a soldier. Now this is continuing on in 162. He says he anoints his servants with his spirit. He sends them angels. People makes fun of that sometimes. Angels. Let let me just turn something here with you just a minute. Let's turn over here in Hebrews. Hebrews chapter 4, the first chapter of Hebrews. And let's turn to the 14th verse. Are not all these ministering spirits sent sent forth to minister for them who be heirs of salvation? Which one of the angels did he say sit thou on my right hand? All the angels of God. Now here the Bible comes right back and tells us that God sends forth angels. Glory. What are they? Ministering spirits. Glory. Ministering spirits sit from the presence of God. What to do? minister his word. Amen. There's not a minister, some theology, some denominational group, but to minister his word. That's it. Ministering spirit sent forth. How do we know they are? The Bible said that the word of the Lord came to the prophets. Is that right? They're the angels minister the word through the spirit. Minister the word through the Holy Spirit. The spirit and the word come to the prophets and the prophets had the word of God. That's the reason they could do the miracles that they did. It wasn't the man. It was the spirit of God in the man, the spirit of Christ in the man. For the word of God, what he had done, cleaned out every channel. God had chose him. He was anointed with the Holy Ghost. And it wasn't him. He never did anything till he saw it in a vision. Elijah said on Mount Carmel, "All this I've done at your command. Now, Lord, let it be known that thou art God. Oh, glory to God. Now, this is something I've seen so many times when you see the spirit of God strike a place and that place get under the anointing. If this little group in here this morning could take this mind here, get every doubt out of the way, how can you doubt anymore when you see the dead and the dead raise up and the lame walk and the blind see and the deaf hear? And there is an atmosphere where people's faith get rise up. But if you what he's trying to train here is a soldier. What he's not just wanting us to have a good dose of Pentecostalism where we have to be coddled a hot house plant where we have to fill this mighty anointing. And I'm thankful for it because it just makes you say I'm with Papa God. I'm with him. He's here. Hallelujah. And we believe for great things. And we want to speak and to have the word of God anointed in our heart and in our mind to be quickened in that atmosphere. We don't want to discount the anointing, but we're not babies. In this hour, God's raising up soldiers that could do battle for one another. And and that's ultimately what a soldier is, is they're fighting for others. And and that's that is the what's on my heart is to make sure that we understand the consequence of us not knowing how to be proper soldiers and properly equipped and knowing what to do in the atmosphere because it's almost like the water's being troubled. It's like you need you need to go get in the water. Well, when the presence of God moves, Brother Brandham in one place says don't just empty yourself out and go blank. He says come deliberately. Amen. We want to be able to have a promise that we're believing for that our faith could rise and make it personal to us in that atmosphere. I'm going to skip on down to 170. He says that don't have uh one thing to do with it. We're going right on anyhow. Well, now if you start back as a young woman again, we know though this blood of life. Well, then we find out that there's going to cushion the baby and everything will be right. Now, you feel any different today? It's been a month since he promised me. You feel any different, dear? Not a bit, Abraham. There's not a sign of nothing. I'm still just like I haven't been for the last few years. There's not a bit of difference. Glory to God. We're going to have it anyhow. Do you mean Abraham upon Look, he promised you. Surely he would give you a sign. Now, you need to rest in something besides the promise. You need to be able to not have faith and go back to reasoning because that is a place of comfort. That's very comfortable. You're not in the trenches. A weak and adulterous generation seeketh after a signs. That's right. He had a sign. What was it? God's word. Hallelujah. That was the sign. How could God heal this child? God's word said so. If I feel a sensation or no sensation, no matter what happens, God said so. That settles it. Yeah. We're we're we're maturing past needing to have that hand that physically touches you on the soldier should s shoulder and says and the soldier and and and says I'm here. We should be aware of his presence because he declared himself presence. Matter of fact, the reason we do things we ought not to do is we don't recognize that he's there. That's, you know, I'm very thankful for the testimony of our prophet when he he said he went to go drink and the or smoke and the holy sp that that rushing wind brought him just came and it was the same one that he had recognized in the bush and it it stopped him in his tracks. And I pray that that's the type of atmosphere that we could have is that when Satan would come against us, we could be that the presence of the Lord could move in and do battle on our behalf because there's ministering spirits and there's angels and I believe they're set around those that fear the Lord. And if we would be more spiritually minded, we would know. But we we often just tread right over that because we we are we've went into the realm of reason. Abraham said, 'Get your bonnets and everything together. We're taking off to the land. Where are you going? I don't know. Amen. But we're going anyhow. We go. We got to go. Packed it up and go. Hallelujah. That's the real word of God. That's what was the hold in front of him. The promise of God, the word of God. Where's We're going to have it. Come out from amongst your people, Abraham. They're the thing of it. They're doubters and unbelievers. They have you in the same fix. Come out, separate yourself, and live for me. That's important. You have to recognize if you're in an atmosphere of doubt and unbelief, you need to check your company. You need to check what you're doing. And I guarantee you, there's those that are inspired by this word of God who want to fellowship you to death. that matter of fact, you get started talking about the things of God and you just can't stop. Um there's an there's a different atmosphere that you could be in where you could be away from the doubters, you could be away from the seat of the scornful. You and and I'll say this, you need to have enough spiritual discernment to know that if you're weak and someone else is weak, that's probably not a good combination. If you if neither of you have the gumption to change the atmosphere and to bring God into it, [Music] What do you expect? Bad things. Um, it it's it's because this and this is the accuser. That's what I want to the Lord willing. We can uh work our way to I'm glad I can't read the clock. Um, now the battle of your mind, we must die to our thinking. In other words, sacrifice it deliberately. Put it to death. Okay. So, we we want to be willing to take our thinking even as the the the apostle would say, hold under our body. You need to be able to willfully take your reasoning and kill it. Be willing to die to what you think to and then put God's word in its place. If you turn to Philippians chapter 2 and verse 12, this I believe captures what Paul would say. He says, "Wherefore, my beloved, as ye have always obeyed, not in my presence only, but now much more in my absence, work out your own salvation with fear and trembling. For it is God which workketh in you." And I love that it's if if you're doubting, it's God that's workketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure. Do all things without murmurings and disputings, that ye may be blameless and harmless, the sons of God, without rebuke, in the midst of a crooked and perverse nation, among whom ye shine as lights in the world. What a salutation. What what a what a thing to think of. Ye are lights in this world and you're set apart in it from a perverse generation. I it's it's it's uh the hour we live in holding forth the word of life. What are you doing? You're holding forth the word of life. How are you going to be able to hold that faith? You're not holding forth the word of life in doubt. You're not holding forth the word of life in secret. You're not a you're not holding it forth in any other manner but the word of life. It's on display. It's going before me. It's what it's what it I'm following after. It's it's it's the light unto my path. It's the word of life. That I may rejoice in the day of Christ that I have not run in vain neither labored in vain. Yay, if I be offered upon the sacrificed in service of your faith, I joy and rejoice with you. For the same cause also do ye joy and rejoice with me. I realize if you could put 17 and 18 together and we could look at those. I It's kind of hard to Oh, you hold shift, you click on there. I'm just the uh it's it's takes a minute to digest this and I the offering the word used there is libation or what was a pouring out of a drink offering as they would do is they would you know sorry but I knew this one before I I was serving the Lord but this one's for the homies and you pour one out on the curb right well where did that come from you know David's mighty men came back and they and they went and got the water from the well and they brought it to David. He said, "I'm not going to drink this." And he pours it out. And this is now something that is uh apparently maybe he even seen that within the pe you know he was running with some scoundrels. David was he was an outlaw and so he may have, you know, did the best he knew how to show a reverence to the situation. But that the pouring out is what he's referencing there. He's saying his blood would be poured out. He's going to spend his life. He's willing to give it and joyfully for the sake of their faith. So that's what is the critical outcome in all of this is that they would receive the faith and he's willing to spend his life to give it to them. Okay? He's willing to give his blood and he'll rejoice in it as long as it's for the purpose of servicing their faith. If that's what it will embolden as their faith, he's willing to give his life. That's a soldier. That's got to be the mentality that we start to have is that I'm willing to be spent, Lord. I'm willing to be poured out. I'm willing to give you my all because that and brother Ben, I appreciated the prayer. That's the sacrifice. That's the mindset. It's not a giving in our plenty. It's, you know, but he wants it all. He He doesn't There's not a second place with God. There's not some balance. He wants all of you. And if you turn uh to second Timothy 4 and6, he also says it again, for I'm now ready to be offered, and it's that same word, and the time of my departure is at hand. Even speaking to the manner of death. But he's he's willing to lay his life down as an offering and to be poured out. And I want us to to understand that is what makes us effectual soldiers is to understand what we're being spent for. And to his good pleasure, this uh struck me. My I had we were listening to this coming back from I believe it was up in Ohio and uh had come across this. Brother Brandham mentions Charles Finny and I went and looked him up and he he has a a nice memoir and I started listening to the audio and this is an excerpt from it and this is from uh Charles Finny and this is this is uh the background on this and maybe I should give it is Charles didn't grow up in a in a Christian home. Uh, and when he got to maybe the ability to go to university and go to school, he came around those that were what he would call religiously privileged and they had the means to go to service to listen to the the Bible being read and attend prayer meetings. And so now he finds himself drawn to this company and he's around these people who have the opportunity to, if you will, practice religion. So he's never been around people who practice religion and now he finds himself around those practicing religion. On one occasion when I was in one of the prayer meetings, I was asked if I did desire that they should pray for me. I told them no because I did not see that God answered their prayers. I said, 'I suppose I need to be prayed for I'm conscious that I'm a sinner, but I do not see that it will do any good for you to pray for me. For you're continually asking, but you do not receive. You have been praying for a revival of religion ever since I have been in Adams and yet you have it not. And the Adams must be the university. You have been praying for the Holy Spirit to descend upon yourselves and yet complain of your leanness. I recollect having used this expression at that time. You have prayed enough since I've attended these meetings to have prayed the devil out of Adams. If there is any virtue in your prayers, but here you are praying on and complaining still. So it's there's an effort that one could take in all sincerity and if it's not done correctly it doesn't avail anything and and I appreciate this because it I think it's if God before us where be all the miracles that the word has to accomplish that what it's sent forth to do and and I and God honors that but on um pray. I was quite in earnest when I said and not a little irritable, I think, in consequence of me being brought so continually face to face with religious truth, which was a new state of things for me. But on further reading of my Bible, it struck me that the reason their prayers were not answered was because they did not comply with the revealed conditions upon which God had promised to answer prayer. that they did not pray in faith in the sense of expecting God to give them the things that they were asking for. So now we're getting into some meat of something. It's not that we don't even maybe have the boldness to ask, but we're asking in doubt. We're not asking believing. And this is where I feel drawn to um and maybe we can take an angle by God's grace that that uh bruises the devil. Okay? So just stick with me here a little bit and um we'll get there in James chapter 2 verse one. My brethren, have not faith of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Lord of glory, with respect of persons. Okay. So don't have faith in anything else with respect to anything else other than Calvary and persons here includes you but often you know in and now our faith needs to be effectual. Now we're we're deeming who is the purchase, who's the price, what's the ID, what are we going to battle for? And if you don't see people as God's children, if you don't see them as the purchase of God, if you don't see them as God sees them as worthy to die for, then you've then you've you've judged them after another manner. And the and the word of God is admonishing us to not be a respector of persons. Going on down in the chapter uh verse 5, same chapter. Hearken my beloved brethren. Hath not God chosen the poor of this world rich in faith and heirs of the kingdom which he hath promised to them that love him? But ye have despised the poor. Do not the rich men oppress you and draw you before the judges seats? Do they not blasphe the worthy name by which ye are called? If ye fulfilled the royal law according to the scriptures, thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself, do ye well. This is a this is a secret now. And for faith to be effectual is the love has to be behind it. If the love is not there, it's not going to work. So we have to cast down doubt. This person doesn't look worthy. This person doesn't look eligible. This person doesn't enter into the worship service. They just sit there in a bump in a log. Lord, I've lost all my faith to believe you could do anything for them. Um, they just must not be left. But we are we respector of persons? Do we think the person that jumps and shouts for some reason is more spiritual? Do we think that uh there's some eligibility by our works? Here we have a a testimony of people who fervently prayed and didn't feel like they were availing anything with God. So I would say it's not in some outward measure that we need to be drawing our in judging. But if you respect to persons ye commit sin and are convinced of the law as transgressors. For whatsoever shall keep the whole law and yet offended one point, he is guilty of it all. So now he's saying you broke the cardinal rule. You've judged others and now your faith is not effective. And church, we want to be effective. And one thing that will absolutely kill your faith and belief is when you sit in the seat of scornful and condemn others. Matter of fact, how you judge deterns exactly where you're standing and where your what your position is. And if you take yourself from out from underneath the blood, then you are out from underneath the blood. If you take others out, you're out from underneath the blood. You don't want to ever put yourself in the position where you have neutralized your own faith by being drawn off sides by condemning. That's going to take the victory right out of your life. So we don't want to do that. James 3:9, therewith bless we God, even the father, and wherewith curse we men, which are made in the simultude of God. So that's the thing, right? They're in the image of God. We're all children of God. So it's easy to say, "God, you're God." And then now we've esteemed our fellow man as something less than being made in the very image of God. And and I I would say this has deep application. This is something that uh if people were to search themselves, they wouldn't say the things they say. They wouldn't joke. They wouldn't be mean. They wouldn't belittle. they we'll get there. Lord, help me. All right. So, we want to recognize that it for the sake of being an effective soldier. We're going to keep our hearts pure. We're we're not going to we're not going to uh become critical of people and we're going to take the side that they are God's children made in the image of God. That's the similitude is the image of God. And you know the the thing that is the shift here right is I want you to understand as you judge others is going to give you the confidence right in your it's going to be the victory by which you judge yourself worthy okay because you cannot condemn others and then go before God and not be condemned okay so just if you find that in your heart is ought against anyone make it right. Get rid of it. Forgive them. Uh put them as count them worthy of the price that was paid at Calvary because you didn't pay the price. He did. And that's God so loved the world, right? So yeah, John 36 3:16. For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life. For God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world through him might be saved. Well, God, I'll do the condemning for you. You didn't. I will. That's not the attitude. Jesus would say himself in the book of Matthew 7 1-3, "Judge not that ye not that ye be not judged. For what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged. And with what measure ye might, it shall be measured to you again. Grace, Lord, Lord, I want grace. I'm gonna give grace. Lord, I want mercy. I'm going to give mercy. You're telling me I have an opportunity to to sow goodness, to seow grace, to sew mercy, and it could be met unto me, Lord. Then I'm going to be the one that's believing for the mercy and grace of God. This is a principle that that could make our faith effectual. Now, brother Brandon would tell the story of blind Barnameus and I, you know, I just was pondering on that. You know, he was a beggar and brother Brandon would say that he had a 10-year-old daughter, maybe let's just say 13 year years old. And now this is a daughter of a beggar. Okay? I don't think it would be hard to understand that she's not going to be a girl with with a lot of means. Okay? And and um I just was pondering on this as brother Brandon would take the liberty to tell the story. He he would talk about how blind Barameus had a lamb and they didn't he would say they didn't have dogs in those days, but he had a lamb and that lamb meant everything to him because it was his service animal. It's how he got around. He would go use the lamb to find his way to the gate so he could sit outside of Jericho and beg. And and um that's the way it was. And because he was a beggar, he had to get up early and go to to beg and then he would come home. And I imagine he was going early hours before the sun would come up. He was starting to make his way out so he could be there as the as the traffic would come in and and then he would need to be there at the end of the day as the traffic went out. And so he's the last to to the first to come and the last to go. It's like if you're working at the fast food restaurant, you had the opening and close shift every day. And this is because he loves his family and his only means of providing is that he can bring the money home and deb it out and then they would have some money to spend for food the next day. And that's blind Barnameus's reality. Now the young girl that brother Brandham says that he had I'm just going to give her a name. I'm going to call her Karen because I think that's an awful fitting name because we like to stigmatize a Karen. We like to call someone a Karen. Well, it just so happens that blind barted's daughter's name is Karen. And she doesn't have a lot of material goods. She actually gets picked on quite a bit when she goes to school. And you know, she's just treated differently. Her family isn't like one of the ones of prestige who's able to donate lambs. And really, they could just give out of their abundance. No sweat off their back. But they're religiously privileged. Their days are not tied up with work. They're not laboring from sun up to sun down. They have options. They don't have to ride the bus. But Karen was a bus rider because she didn't have another place to go. She didn't have family to drag her around. She had to be with her peers. The other thing about her is obviously she was loved. She was a You're not going to find this in the quotes, brother. But blind Barnameus loving his daughter, she got sick and he told the Lord that if she would get well, he would offer the lamb. And Karen being made well, she'd actually always wanted to go to the temple and see a sacrifice and to see a worship. Something she always wanted to do, something that was done every day. There was an offering of a lamb, a yearling lamb every day. And there was those who everybody knew where the lamb came from, but they never had the opportunity to go. They never had a lamb. and yet realizing what it would mean to her family. There was a part of her that was like, you know what? This is my chance. This is my opportunity. I'm going to get to go and go into the courts of Jehovah and we're going to offer the lamb. And as they're making their way with everything that they had, there was those that were like, "Really? Look at that. They're not religious." Matter of fact, I you know, just for a I I would imagine that she probably had hand-me-down clothes, probably from her cousins, and maybe just she didn't own a skirt. Maybe her cousins were all boys, but her mom did her best to kind of make her look right. So, just maybe she showed up in the wrong attire, but she'd never been to church before. She wasn't in a religious family, but now they're going to go give their all. And brother Brandham in the this is a quote you can find. It's in God's provided way. I believe this is maybe what it might have looked like for her to go into church. A modern view of that. Now, the Arkansas people is not the most stylish people. Forgive me. This is brother Brandham. I like hiding behind our prophet. He's saying this. If you could put it up and make sure everybody knows this is brother Brandham. 530613. Sorry, I don't have a paragraph number. Maybe it's towards the beginning of the service. You Arkansas people. There that is. There it is. The Arkansas people is not the most stylish people in the world, but they're some of the best in the world. They're humble. They haven't got much of the world's goods. I've seen young ladies 16 years old come in the meeting. Me sitting back somewhere praying. I usually stay in prayer before coming to the meetings, see them come packing their shoes and stockings under their arm and then get down there and brush off their shoes and feet and put them on the shoes and go into the church. have to make that one pair last a long time. You know, I guess there's people right in here that's done the same thing. I I wonder if we're catching this is a natural way we judge one another's. This is the way we may give esteem. And I don't think we're actually guilty of this, but I want to bring it around. Now, they offered that lamb and they felt the presence of the Lord draw nigh. It was one of the greatest memories and events that she had ever had in her life. But there was just one problem. When they were done, they had no more land. Thankful there's a rest of the story. Brother Brandham would say after he offered that lamb, God had provided a lamb. We're not without a lamb. So, just take the time. And we're going to read Mark 10:46-52. And he come to Jericho. And as he went out of Jericho with his disciples, and a great number of people, blind Barnameus, the son of the Tmus, sat by the highway side begging. And when we heard that there was Jesus of Nazareth, he began to cry out and say, "Jesus, thou son of David, have mercy on me." And many charged him that he should hold his peace. But he cried the more a great deal. Thou son of David, have mercy on me. And Jesus stood still and commanded him to be called. And brother Brandon would give us insight that Jesus did not hear his physical voice. There was too much of atonemental. He was too far away even to the point that Jesus would have to bid him to come. And I'm pretty sure that if he was within shouting distance, that wouldn't had to have been done. But there had to be an effort made now. I'm being called for there's someone who's calling. Bring them unto me. So there's people who participated in this. They're now creating the atmosphere in the way that blind Barnameus can get to Jesus. And reading from 49. And Jesus stood still and commanded him to be called. And they called the blind man, saying unto him, Be of good comfort. Rise, he calleth thee. And he cast away his garments, rose, and came to Jesus. And Jesus answered, and said unto him, Wilt thou I should do unto thee? The blind man said unto him, Lord, that I might receive my sight? And Jesus said unto him, Go thy way. Thy faith hath made thee whole. and immediately he received his sight and followed Jesus in the way. I'm thankful that God had provided a lamb. That's God's provided way and he's likened us to sheep. All we like sheep have gone astray. I wonder why anybody ever raised a sheep. Well, you know that a sheep is the most helpless thing in the world when it's lost. It just can't find its way home at all. Is that right? Sheep raisers. And I've helped raise them myself out in the west western prairie and them a many. Here it is. But notice sheep when it's lost, he's lost. He'll just stand there and bleet. That's all. the wolves will come get him. Unless a shepherd does come to him, that's the way it is with us. When we're lost, we're absolutely hopeless unless the shepherd comes and gets us. I'm glad tonight God's got a shepherd over his sheepfold. Aren't you? That when we call, he's always hears and and we like sheep have gone astray so that wandering out. But God laid upon him the iniquity of us all. How that on one man the iniquity of the world was laid. All the sin, all the sickness, all everything that was wrong was laid upon one sheep, God's provided lamb. and he took him up to Calvary and crucified him, the substitute for our wickedness and our sickness and our transgressions and all that we've done against God and we've done against ourselves. He was God's provided sacrifice, God's provided way. Now, God has always had a way. He's got one tonight. God always before he sends judgment, he always makes a way of escape. Out of every trial, God makes a way of escape. And God makes before he sends judgment, he make he sends mercy. And if you spend spur mercy, there's nothing left but judgment. You've judged yourself. You've always made your judgment. So I would say we have the power to judge. And in judging what even the communion scripture, judge yourselves that ye be not judged. I judge myself as needing the lamb. I I I I need it. I'm glad it's it's the price paid. And my faith is not resting on anything else except what Calvary accomplished. And that's what I want you to realize is this. We may not be guilty of looking at someone else as a Karen, but I think we do ourselves that way. What we actually do is we judge ourselves unworthy. We judge ourselves as not being the one who he died for. And then it's a subtle thing because it's really a false humility. What's it got to do with you anyways? He paid it all. What's your faith resting in? It ain't you. Or judge yourself worthy and see where that gets you. You know, you watch how you build there on gonna uh just read. By faith, Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain, by which he obtained witness that he was righteous. God testifying of his gifts, and by it he being dead, yet speaketh. Whoso, and this is in John, whosoever believeth in Jesus Christ is born of God, and everyone that loveth him that begat loveth also that is begotten of him. If you're born of God, you love those born of God. By this we know that we love the children of God when we love God and keep his commandments. For this is the love of God that we keep his commandments and his commandments are not grievous. For whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world, and this is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith. Faith is a revelation. Faith is a substance. Faith is an atomic bomb. Faith is the victory. And I and I want us to recognize our faith, especially in the season that it's in the beautiful prophecy of Isaiah. We'll just read it as the musicians would come. Isaiah 53. Who hath believed our report? Is the lamb worthy? Are we resting in anything else? And to whom is the arm of the Lord revealed? For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant and as a root out of the dry ground. He hath no form nor cominglinness. And when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him. He is despised and rejected of men, a man of sorrows, and acquainted with grief. And we hid as it were our faces from him. He was despised, and we esteemed him not. Surely he hath borne our griefs, and carried our sorrows, yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted. But he was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon him, and with his stripes we are healed. All we like sheep have gone astray. We have turned everyone to his own way. And the Lord hath laid on him the iniquity of us all. He was oppressed, and he was afflicted, yet he opened not his mouth. He was brought as a lamb before the slaughter, and as a sheep before the sheers, is dumb, so he opened not his mouth. He was taken from the prison and from the judgment and was sh who shall declare his generation. I believe there's a people here that can declare he was cut off out of the land of the living for the transgression of my people. He was stricken and he made his grave with the wicked and with the rich in his death because he had done no violence. Neither was any deceit in his mouth. Yet it pleased the Lord to bruise him. He was put him to grief. And thou shalt make his soul an offering for sin. He shall see his seed and shall prolong his days. The pleasure of the Lord shall prosper in his hand. He shall see of the travail of his soul, and shall be satisfied by the knowledge. Shall my righteous servant justify many. He shall bear their iniquities. Therefore will I divide him a portion with the great and he shall divide the spoil with the strong be because he hath poured out his soul. There's that pouring out unto death and he was numbered with the transgressors and he bare the sin of many and made the intercession for the transgressors. That's our identity. That's our attributes. We take on that inner we we feel that. And I'm thankful that he's the lamb is my identity. We're not left without a lamb. We have the ID to take the flight. It's going to take us home, saints. We don't have to have faith in anything else. You could stand as the musicians may find something to play. just want to clench it with this wouldn't have time to go into perfect faith and read something but one of the secrets to making faith effectual as we mentioned is love and we recognize that we have no standing outside of Christ. I believe that does something for us. No man could come to the father except the father draws him. And God came down in that muck what you were and sought you out and brought you out. That ought to create a perfect love. Look what you was and look what you are. What did that? Somebody that loves you. Can't you have faith in what he promised you then? Real genuine love will create a confidence in his word. He caught me when I was nothing. I'm still nothing, but I'm in his hand. So he caught me. He loved me when I was unlovable. He loved you when you was unlovable. But he changed you just like the color sister said that time in her testimony. She said, "I'm not what I ought to be. I'm not what I want to be, but I'm not what I used to be." She knowed she had come somewhere. Something happened. And that's the way it is. If God, when I was an alien from him, so loved me till he stooped down to get me and picked me up. That gives me confidence that he wants to use me. He's got a purpose in doing it. He's seen something in me. He's seen something in you. He had a reason to save you. Look at the people that's unsaved today. Look at the millions. He could have took beside you. He could have took you. Amen. No one can take your place. You're in God's economy. No one can do it. That's his love to you. Let's just go to him. Heavenly Father, we're thankful for your word, Lord, that it tells us you love us. And Lord, it's the simplicity of taking you at your word and having faith in what you've said that you're pleased. Lord, while you may move in powerful ways, our faith is going to be built on nothing less than what you've declared us to be. You've declared us to be spotless. You've declared us to be righteous, Lord, because you've dressed us in your righteousness, Lord. If we were to look and judge ourselves after this flesh, we can't change our spots, Lord. There's no worthiness in this flesh. But now, we're called the sons and daughters of God. How grateful we are, Father, for the finished work of Calvary. May you just accomplish what needs to be accomplished by these words. Father, to your glory, in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. This is an old song. Maybe you could help me sing it. Uh the verses kind of have a a meter, so we need some belters. Uh faith is the victory. All right. Encamped along the hills of light, ye Christian soldiers, rise and press the battle air. The night shall build the glowing skies against the foe and bells below. Let all our strength be heard. Faith is the victory we know that overcomes the world. Oh, faith is the victory. Faith is the victory. Oh, glorious victory that overcomes the His banner. His banner over us is the our sword, the word of God. We tread the road of saints above with shouts of triumph. By faith they like a whirlwind's breath swept over every fear. By faith by which they conquer death they still are shining shield. Oh faith is the victory. Great is the victory. Oh, glorious victory that overcomes the world. On every hand of drawn out with dread, let be left behind and onward to the frame. Salvation's helmet and homage hand with truth abound. The earth shall tremble our tread and echo with our shout. Oh faith is the victory. Faith is the victory. Oh glor is victory that overcomes. This is a verse for us. To him that overcomes the Lord by praise his [Music] name. Our hearts will vanquish all the hosts of night in Jesus concrete day. Oh, faith is the victory. Faith is the victory. Oh, glorious victory that all sing forsaken. Oh, and to him that overcomes the pra shall be given before the angels he shall know. His name confess in heaven that onward from the hills of life our hearts will love a flame. Oh will angry soulome Jesus conquering. Oh my faith is the victory. Faith is the victory. Oh, glorious victory that overcome God. Oh, and faith is the victory. Faith is the victory. Oh, glorious victory. Sing it one more time. Oh, and faith is the victory. Oh, and all the glorious victory that overcomes the hallelu beyond this flesh that you can see now. Oh, beyond all weaknesses of this realm. Oh, there is a connection. Oh, oh, and with the other side. Oh, and I don't know how. Oh, and I don't know. Oh, I cannot explain all the love of God. Oh, and down inside of me when I hear the word. Oh, and my heart I'm sure glad your heart just believes in it. Oh, I say [Music] amen. Oh, and beyond this [Music] flesh, cast it out. Oh, beyond all weaknesses of this rank. Oh, there is a good holy invisible. Oh, and with Jesus Christ, I know [Music] your I cannot explain. for the love of God. Oh, and on inside of me when I hear the word, oh my heart says, oh I just sing it one more time. Oh his flesh that you can see now. our weaknesses of this friend. Oh, there is a good hallelu. Oh, and with Jesus Christ. I don't know how. And I don't know why. Oh, I cannot explain the love of God for my soul poured out inside of me. When I hear a word, my heart says, [Music] "Amen." I say, "Amen." Hallelujah. Amen. I trust you enjoy the word tonight. Amen. And it's that six sense that it it's not something you try. It's it's God-given faith inside of a believer that you can hear the word and no matter what the circumstances are. And that's what our brother was talking. You don't let the word go to the natural channel, the thinking and the reasoning and the adding and the subtracting and the figuring out. know there's a part of you that's from eternity that just received the word and said, "I don't know how this is going to happen. How did you get saved? I don't know how this is going to happen. I I'm in sin and I'm in trespass and I'm here. I'm I'm all convicted and all of those things, but something is telling me about this word of God and I'm hearing and something within my heart is responding. It's not made for the flesh. It's meant for that inner man inside of you to receive that word and it will bring about the changes that are needed. Amen. And that's why I believe with all my heart when we see somebody if you yourself has really been touched by God the judgment. It doesn't matter how far they've gone. There's something inside of you that can testify the same thing and say that I don't care how fast they gone. You can never any living human being you can never count about as long as they still have breath in their body. There's something in you that said there's a living God. And the worst they sin is, the worst God is there. He can come and change them. He He's looking for those. And you can look at them and say, "Oh, I wonder what a great miracle God can do for them." It It's not you that's speaking. It's him inside of you that's speaking. But without that, it's just human reasoning. We we not made to to walk by the flesh and by I love what our brother said. It's not by the feelings and oh I feel so spiritual that oh the atmosphere is just right today. No the question is what is the word says? What what did he say? I like that the even when we read it but the B says the word is the sign for the believer. Why are you so rejoicing? Well because his word said I'm healed already. So, it really doesn't matter how many more symptoms I get. If the already the word already said I'm healed, I'm healed. I'm walking by the word of God. My faith comes from the word of God. I'm I it doesn't matter what what I have, I don't have. What the word says belong to me. I'm walking in it. Why am I judging myself capable or able to receive it? Because there was a lamb that was sacrificed. I I love that the blind minded mayors had to give what he had in order for him to receive something. Sometimes we're holding on to our lamb. Oh, this is the only lamb I got. Then this is the only job I have and this is the only thing I have and and it's it's it's keeping you away from the real lamb that's already given. Oh, this this is if I don't get this education or if I don't do this. And and as you following that, you following your lamp, it's keeping you away from church. It's keeping you away from the things of the It's keeping you away from the real lamb. I I believe it's we a life of a believer is a life of sacrifice. Without a sacrifice, there's no life. It's a life of laying down all the time. If it's for God, we lay down everything. Why? Because he laid it all down so we can lay down everything and receive what he laid down. We We can't try to balance out our lives. Oh, I got to hold on to my lamp and then get God's lamp. No, you got to lay down your lamp so you can receive his lamp. I love that. Uh well, if you work 10 more hours, you're going to get more money. Well, you know what? I'll give up that lamp. I'll come do the service. I'll come and then God will provide for my needs. It's him that get me this job. It's him who provided for me. He will provide for me tomorrow. In fact, he will provide for me today until eternity. This other lamb is only temporarily. You give him 10 years, the other that lamb will die. But this lamb is an eternal lamb. This lamb will provide you the healing, the finance, everything that you have need of. It's in that one lamb. But yet, we hang on to our lamb and our little lamb and we try to keep him alive forever. No, I want to give it up. I want to come and say, Lord, I'm accepting the lamb that you've offered. I'm here this morning. I don't count myself worthy, but there's a worthy lamb that's laying on the altar. I will come and I will take I will take what you have provided. You said the blood was given so we can come under that blood and receive of you. I trust that your heart desire tonight. Oh God, just come by our way. And whatever my lamb is, I want to lay it down tonight, Lord. And may you just come and and take my life, Lord. Let it become your life because you laid your life. You said if you live, we shall live also. So I believe with all my heart that if I died today for you, I will receive my life once again because you said that what's been what what was yours, you spent it gladly so we can rejoice in that. Amen. But my Thomas, if you could just come and dismiss us tonight. So if you have a need upon your heart as our brother will pray, just lift your hand up to him so he can hear your prayer and know what you have need of tonight. Amen. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're so grateful for that sacrifice on Calvary. Lord, the blood that was shed, Lord, means everything to us, Lord. Because we realize, Lord, that without it, we're nothing. But with it, we can do all [Music] things. Lord, we just pray that you [Music] would continue to use your people to fulfill your word, Lord God. [Music] Just grateful, grateful for Calvary. Lord, our faith in that shed blood is our victory. Hallelujah. We just want to tell you that we love you. We thank you for this word this evening, Lord God. May we hide it in our hearts, Lord God, and not take it [Music] lightly, Lord. I'm reminded of one that was told that he needed to be more sincere. Yes. Lord, a prophet messenger. How much more should the rest of your bride, Lord God, be sincere, Lord? We sincerely love you. Want to serve you and please you. May we be found doers of your word. We've been hearers tonight, Lord God. But may we go out into the highways and byways and seek which that which is lost. May we not judge anyone unworthy of the sacrifice that you made but may we extend mercy and grace to all. Be with us as we go on our way. We love you and thank you in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Don't forget there's a a quick choir practice for those that are going to camp. And so God bless you at this moment like [Music] the I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus. [Music] Oh, in moments like these. Oh, I lift up my hands. Oh, I lift up my hands to the Lord. Oh, singing. I love you, Lord. Oh, singing I love you, Lord. Oh, singing I love the you. [Music] Oh, I love you. Oh, in moments like these, I sing out a song. I sing out a love song to Jesus in moments like thee. Oh, I lift up my hands. I lift up my hands to the Lord. Oh, singing I love you, Lord. Oh, singing I love you, Lord. Oh, singing. I love me you, Lord. I love you. [Music] Hallelujah. Crazy. Hallelujah. [Music] [Music] [Music]
