################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-23 - [2025-03-23pm] False Revival  Br. Bill Ivy - Bill Ivy.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-23
Title:   [2025-03-23pm] False Revival | Br. Bill Ivy
Speaker: Bill Ivy
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mN1xYe62woI
========================================

[Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Happy birthday. Heat. Heat. [Music] and let's Stand and sing now. Oh, I feel the poor. I hear the call. And I know his spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to me and I am free. [Music] Oh, please come and take control. I feel the cold. Oh, at night I lay back and I begin to cry. And my mind just fails to know exactly why. Oh, and I can't explain with some pain. Oh, and the spirit growing deep within. Oh, and it must be done. car in my soul cuz I feel the I feel [Music] the I hear the [Music] call and I know his spirit's moving me to give my all. He speaks to me. Oh, [Music] I Oh Lord, please come and take control. I feel the Lord. Oh, and I went to hear the word and wait his life and hallelu. And he was calling me to give a higher praise. Oh, and there was a day called to the deep. Oh, and like a great man. [Music] Oh, and I know for sure that I reach the goal cuz I feel the I feel the I hear the Lord and I know his Spirit prove in me to give my [Music] all to [Music] me and your dream. Oh, and Lord, please come and take control. I feel the Lord. You were the word in the beginning, one with God the Lord most high. Your hidden glory creation now revealed in you our Christ. What a beautiful name it is. Oh, what a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my Oh, what a beautiful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus. [Music] You didn't want heaven without us. Jesus, you brought heaven down. My sin was great, your love was greater. Oh, I could say us now. What a wonderful name it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ. Oh, and what a wonderful name it is. Nothing compares to this. What a wonderful name it is. the name of Jesus. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. So good to be gather in his presence once again. But angel Bhan, if you could just come and open our service in prayer. Amen. [Music] [Music] Let us look to the Lord tonight in prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord God, so wonderful, Lord, to be able to approach your throne of mercy and grace. Lord, it's in this hour, Lord, that we know that we can find help in the time of need. Amen. Father, if it wasn't for your grace to lead us to the fountain, Lord, we would still be, Lord, with an unsatisfied thirst, Father. But Lord, you've, oh God, you've won our heart, Lord. You've won our affections, Lord. And here we are, Lord, looking to you, Lord. The one who's called us and the one who's led us to this place tonight. Father, what a privilege it is, Lord, to have audience with you, Lord, because of a great cost. You paid the price. And Father, we're grateful, Lord, that there was a worthy one that came and shed his blood and gave us, Lord, gave everything for us, Lord. What a love, Lord. What a what a rejoicing in our heart, Lord, to be free by the power of the blood. And Lord, as we come to you, Lord, we Lord, we ask, God, that you would feel welcome, Lord. And as we lift up our voices and our heart, our adoration, our appreciation of your goodness to us, Lord, we pray that you'd come and minister. Lord, we're looking for more of that word to make the change in our lives. Lord, we ask God as this little local assembly, those who couldn't make it, that may be streaming online, that our faith, oh God, can touch your garment, Lord. Lord, by faith, Lord, may we receive what we have need of, Lord. May it help us, Lord. May it grant to us strength, oh God. Pray, God, that every need here that would be met by the preaching of your word. And when we leave here, Lord, may we say that we know that we know that it was a personal visit, Lord. That Lord spoke to me and I I'll be different from this day forward. Oh God, let it be. Oh God, that's the kind of faith we want to see in action tonight. Father, use your man's servant, Lord. Bless him in body. Bless him in spirit and mind, oh God. Use him, oh God. may just be able to lay himself to the side. Oh God, that can be lifted to ear to your people tonight. Father, we commit them to you, Lord. Even our sister Mary, Lord, we pray you'd bless her, Lord, and the the need, oh God, that she has for her sister. Lord, we just ask, oh God, you'd undertake, Lord, in a special way, Lord, that you'd be glorified in that. It would be another testimony of your grace, Lord. Shine your face upon us tonight, Lord. May your sweet presence just oh God envelop this service as we adore you and worship you. We thank you for this time committed now to you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Glad to be gathered back in the house of God. Want to welcome everyone. Amen. Did you enjoy service this morning? Amen. You know I was thinking the Bible speaks about those that comes for the loaf and fishes. But there was a group that came and said, "Where else could we go?" It's you that has the words of eternal life. Amen. Please turn around and welcome someone tonight in the house of God. Amen. Amen. You may have your seats. [Music] See? Yeah. years I spent in vanity and pride. Oh, and caring not my Lord was crucified. Oh, I know what he was for me. [Music] [Music] Oh free multiply to me. Oh my god. [Music] Merciful now to Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh my god. [Music] was free was [Music] multip and all the grace Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh, heat, heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] My [Music] bra. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Today I [Music] want to [Music] Jesus. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh [Music] Jesus. Hallelu. Praise the Lord. The price has been paid. Amen. Amen. Sister Grace Smart has a song if she could come at this time. Amen. [Music] From the beginning. You've been on changing huh you [Music] stay constant. You remain every mystery. The questions I carried are safe within your will. I'll trust you even still. I believe you are who you say you are. You'll do what you say you'll do. You'll come through. You are always aable. I believe you've already made a way. So I'm running through parted waves straight to you. You are always faithful. Jesus, you're for me, holding me [Music] steady. Every word you speak is a promise that you keep. This firm [Music] foundation cannot be shen. [Music] My God, you never fail. Never once, you never will. I believe you are who you say you are. You'll do what you say you'll do. You'll come through. You are always faithful. I believe you've already made a way. So I'm running through parted ways straight to you. You are always faithful. I believe. [Music] I believe that on that cross your blood was built and by your stripes I have been healed and every promise you fulfilled. I believe I believe that you rose again in victory and that same power lives in me. I'm born again. I've been made free. I believe I believe that the gates of hell will not prevail. Your church is still alive and well. Truth I live to tell. I believe. I believe. Oh, that one day soon you'll split the sky. You're coming for your spotless bride. Until my faith has been made sight. I believe. I believe. I believe you are who you say you are. You'll do what you say you'll do. You'll come through. You are always aable. I believe you've already made a way. So I'm running through parted waves straight to you. You are always faithful. I believe. I believe. And on that day I run my race. I'll finally see you face to face. And nothing then will separate. I believe. I believe. I'll join with every triant and bow before the lamb of God. singing. Holy, holy, holy one. I believe. I believe. [Applause] to make and don't forget about camp. Uh if you haven't registered yet, please go ahead and register. Like we said it this morning, um we want to just uh we'll try to get an account by the end of the month of who all is going. If you have any questions about it, please see Brother Andrew. Amen. Also, uh this coming Friday will be our youth meeting. Uh the announcement our pastor made about April 11 will be uh the married under 39 uh 39 and under uh couples meetings and then on April 13 will be our um dedication for the pavilion. Amen. uh the Chimanga family that writes that they want to thank the church for your prayers said that the uh sister Isabelle's brother funeral is set up for um March 26 and then they said on March 29 if anyone is interested in visiting the family, you can certainly go and visit them on the 29 between the hours of 4 and 700 p.m. Amen. We read this this morning. Brother Joeman I said I thank the I want to thank the saints for your prayers. My mother is now recovering as they recovered fully from pneumonia. Uh please continue to pray uh for her to regain strength. Amen. Uh sister Magna Magna Wright uh God bless you brothers and sisters. I know uh I ask for your prayers. I said that uh as my brother Jose Angel Martinez uh he's been given a second court date tomorrow. In the first one, he said it was God's working. They changed the prosecutor. So we pray that the Lord will certainly Amen. lead to a favorable outcome. Amen. Amen. Uh Sister Angel Ortiz writes, "God bless you, brothers and sisters." and said, "Uh, pray for Angel uh um I believe it's uh O Young uh Eastburn, a friend of the family. He will be having a biopsy on the sec April 2nd." He said, "May our Lord Jesus Christ take control and touch our body." It says, "With the healing and revelation of the word." Amen. With the desire of the Lord to make himself known. Amen. And uh we read this this morning from the King Kangu family. Uh their daughter Naomi uh will be having surgery tomorrow uh morning. So we pray that the Lord will guide the surgeon's hand u for the from brother Manuel. Please pray for a family member who's traveling and that will God will provide traveling mercies. Amen. From brother Tommy this morning, please pray for my mom is in the hospital. Uh believing that they'll have a a good MRI report. Amen. And if you have any need upon your heart, just lift your hand up to him and it's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's here to make his word known to his believers. Amen. The brothers that are taking the offerings, if you could come. Amen. Brother Joseph Gordon, if you could just come and take this knees before the church. Amen. [Music] [Music] [Music] Lord Jesus, we Lord have heard the needs. Go forth. Lord, in each every request that was made, there was faith behind that request. And Lord, a confidence, Lord, that if it was spoken out, Lord, amongst the congregation, that others, Lord, would take it upon their hearts, Lord, to put their faith with the requesttor. So, Lord Jesus, we bind our faith, Lord, with all that has been requested, all that have made their needs made known. And Lord, and just ask that you would give them what they are requesting, Lord. that Lord that you would receive our faith oh Lord with theirs and that they would receive oh father now Lord for all those that have raised their hands Lord and didn't write a request we but our faith with them too Lord that they too are here with confidence Lord that you will hear them and that we will pray together Lord and that you would hear us Lord and not turn away our requests now Father into thy hands I commit all these unto your hands and the tithes and offerings that were about to receive name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Oh, what gift of grace is Jesus my redeemer. There is no more for heaven now to give. is my joy, my righteousness of freedom, my steadfast love, my deepest boundless fear. Oh, and to this I hope my hope is only [Music] Jesus. For my life is holy bound to him. Oh, I'll shrink and move high. I can see all is mine yet not I but through Christ in me. Oh, and a night star. But I am not forsaken for by my side. Oh, the Savior he will stay. Oh, and I live on in weakness and rejoiceing. Oh, for in mighty name. Oh, his power is the morning. Oh, and to the sorrow. My shepherd will defend me through the deepest valley. He will be all night everyone and I shall overcome yet not but through Christ indeed. Oh, and no faith I dreamed. I know I am forgiven. The future show and the price has been hallelujah for Jesus [Music] and oh to the sorrow I Jesus defeated. Oh Jesus is my chall. I can see I am free and not through Christ me. Oh, and with every breath I long to follow Jesus. Oh, and for he has said that he will bring me home. Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. until I hope Jesus all the way is crumbling still My name shall remain and not but through Christ in me. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother Bernham is especially if you could bring it at this time. Amen. [Music] Can't put it. [Music] I'm mine. [Music] for winch. [Music] Grand [Music] [Music] [Music] for material. [Music] Contramposit. details. Completize them. [Music] [Music] Faz [Music] feel details. [Music] Grand [Music] I [Music] process my [Music] A contra contrampos. Contramposes. [Music] [Music] I [Music] style [Music] 14 [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] for Imper. [Music] foreign [Music] [Music] grandical. [Music] Impossible. Contrampos. [Music] [Music] God bless [Applause] you. Ready for the word, man? Let's all stand at this [Music] time. Oh, how lovely are the mountains are the feet of him who brings good news. [Music] [Music] Oh, I now see. Sing it as we brother David this time. Maybe news of happiness. Oh, and I got aren't you glad it rained tonight? Oh [Music] God. Oh [Music] God. Oh our God. Oh he reigns. Our God. [Music] I got Oh, and I Oh, and he came with praise and majesty. Oh, and he hallelujah. Oh, he Oh, God. Oh, I see his face. His feet. Oh, yes, we know. Oh, he's alive. Oh, he's alive. [Music] Oh, Jesus. Jesus. Amen. Our heavenly father, where would we be if you weren't alive? Oh, we'd have a life of wonderings and a life of hopes and doubts and fears. But because you're alive, we know that nothing can pluck us from your hand. And we rest in the fact that you're alive. That you know all things. You know the beginning from the end. You know our tomorrows. Father, you hold us in the palm of your hand. And nothing can pluck us out. as the singer saying, "I believe who you are and I believe you'll do what you'll say you'll do." And Father, we live by that. We live by the exceedingly great and precious promises of your word. For by these we are partakers of divine nature. Father, we're here tonight to hear more of that promised word. For this is the bread that man lives by. That's right. The bread which cometh down from heaven. And with this bread we'll never hunger, will never thirst, and we'll be filled. And Father, we long for the day that you have prepared for us as we wait for with patience for your great appearing, knowing, Father, it's at any time. As we've gathered together here tonight to prepare for that great hour of our great catching away, we ask you to bless our hearts now in Jesus precious and wonderful and holy name we pray. Amen. Amen. Isn't that the message that we heard that he's alive? That's right. Amen. God just sent one amongst us that proved that not only was he alive, but he was the same yesterday, today, and forever. He did away with man's imaginations of them. He did away with man's opinions of him, and he revealed them just the way that he truly is. And that was life. And we heard that great word uh today. So, we're just at this time, we're just so grateful. Brother Bill, if you'd come and and uh and I I didn't acknowledge Sister Mary. I'd have her stand up, but but then she'd look at me and say, "Brother David, you know, so she's here. Sister Mary, we appreciate you." And I believe she's heard Bill preach more than any other person on earth. And and uh he done good this morning. Sister Mary, you certainly be proud of him. and and uh but we love brother Bill and and uh we just want to continue to pray for his uh strength and and the meetings he's having and all the work that he wants to do for the Lord. We just trust that he'd prosper and be in good health. So if you'd keep him in your prayers, we'd certainly appreciate it. Yes, I would. Brother Bill, it's an honor to have you. Bless you. What we always say, without fear, without favor. Praise the Lord. He's got the preeminence. Thank you. I tell my wife sometimes that if you if I go and preach somewhere and she's with me and if most most of the people here we don't know and she don't know. I said, "Well, now the preachers's wife in a case like that always preaches first before I do." I mean, it it's true. I mean, not by saying anything behind the pull pit, but everybody wants to know what the preacher's wife looks like, how she fixes her hair, how she dresses, and what kind of shoes she's got on, and so forth and so on like that. So, she's preached her sermon already. And now it's my turn to preach mine. Uh if we could turn in our Bibles while you're standing to 1st Samuel the uh 15th chapter and the 22nd verse. I want to take a little subject tonight and try not to hold you too long if I can help it. 1st Samuel 15:22, an Old Testament story in regards to a king, King Saul, and also a prophet by the name of Samuel. 1st Samuel the 15th chapter the 26 22nd verse and Samuel said he was speaking to Saul hath the Lord as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices as in obeying the voice of the Lord. Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice and to hearken than the fat of rams. For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft, and stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. Because thou hast rejected the word of the Lord, he hath also rejected thee from being king. If I could just say from just a modern day terms exactly what was being said here that obedience is the true test of a believer and the lack of it is to be rejected of God. Could we bow our heads for a word of prayer? Heavenly Father, we pray again and one thing that we have been taught is we cannot pray too much. And I just ask Lord that you would guide my mind and and help me Lord to be able to say something that will be a help and a blessing to these people and anoint your word to them and help me to step out of the way that you could speak something that would be meaningful that would be sane and sensible and that would be a help to these here today in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. Um, at our church, I usually preach on Sunday morning and Wednesday night, and I have some other preachers that preach on Sunday night for me. It gives me a little break in the evening service. So, this is the first time I preach two services in a row on Sunday uh in a long time. uh I could do it and I would enjoy doing it every every time, but as we get older, we have to kind of preserve our strength uh and also give others an opportunity to exercise the gift that God has placed in their lives. And I thank God for those those men. Uh we have a couple of them there in our church that have been a great help and an inspiration to me. I love to hear them preach and some of the things that they say has always been a blessing to me. Um, and so I appreciate them. I appreciate our church just like brother David. I know that he appreciates his church. I often tell my congregation that you're the best congregation in in the whole world. And I say that sincerely. I I don't look at at as a problem, but I look at it as a great opportunity to serve the Lord and to speak to the purchase of his blood. And I believe that's what I'm doing tonight as I stand here before you. And so I just pray that the Lord will help me to say something that will be very uh positive that will help you. I'm going to use a negative title though. And but I'm going to try to bring it around in a positive way. The only reason I chose a negative title is to get your attention. And I I will refer I will refer to that title as I go through as I did this morning. Uh, and you know, and that's not unusual. Brother Brandham preached a sermon doing God's service without it being his will. That was a very negative title. Uh, Jezebel religion. Very, very negative title. But it it was drawing our attention to something. You see, I've often said that uh brother Brandham's titles, his titles to his sermons were declarations in their self and just spoke volumes. Uh Christ is the mystery of God revealed and things like that, you know, and uh so I I have you in suspense, don't I? The uh I want to title this a false revival. There's a number of other titles that I have to this because I spoke this also at our church one Sunday morning and uh and usually when a a minister preaches whether it's at home or somewhere else uh lots of times it it's coming from his own personal experiences. Uh, I've often told younger preachers as they'd come along, do like David when he went before Saul to in order to fight against Goliath. He he hadn't proved the uh the armor, the sword, and the different things that Saul as a warrior wanted to put on him. But there was something that he did prove. He didn't need that. All he needed is what he had proved, and that was that slingshot. He'd used it on a bear and on a lion. And so I often tell them, I said, "Don't try to be like me or be like anybody else. You use what you've proved, what you've experienced yourself." And so as I go through some of these things, it'll be because it's uh from personal experiences and personal things that I've had to deal with over the last few years. A false revival. False revival. They chose this text. We see King Saul, great man. He uh went to heaven in spite of his false revival and he u of course he caused a lot of damage in the process. He did God a service. Um but God did not accept that service. Knowing knowing that it was not what he was told to do, he deliberately refused the word of the prophet Samuel for what he thought would be a better idea, would be better spiritually for him and for the people of his country. And that was not the first time that he had done that. It had happened before. God gave the nation of Israel a king of their choice. You know, God will give us what we want. But sometimes what we don't want is what we need. You know, lots of times we come to church wanting to feel good, but maybe God wants you to feel bad. Huh? So, you can examine your own self and say, "Lord, help me." You know, and but anyway, um God give them what they wanted. what they they they wanted a king of their choice. And when he gave them that king, he told them, "This day, you've rejected God." What kind of man was Saul? Well, he was kingly looking. He He looked like he, you know, he could handle the job. He looked like a king. He was probably 6'2 and eyes of blue and he he just just looked apart and u he was humble to begin with even though he was a great man. He was he was humble to begin with but he didn't remain that way. Uh it's not what we start out to be but those that endure to the end shall be saved. Now, we here that are gathered here, not just the preacher behind the pull pit, not just the brothers, but the sisters as well, not just the older people, but the younger ones, we are a um people, we are a kingly people, just like uh Saul was a kingly person. Uh we're a very royal uh priesthood of people. Uh I don't stand alone in that. maybe alone in the sense that I'm called to preach from the pullpit, but we we know that God has thousands of lived voices. And it said in first Peter the 2 chapter in the fifth verse, "Ye also as lively stones are built up a spiritual house, a holy priesthood to offer to do something." See, not not just the person behind the pullpit or the person in the p at the piano singing or whatever to offer up spiritual sacrifices. We got to read the whole thing acceptable to God by Jesus Christ. So he wants he wants our worship. He he he wants our spiritual sacrifices. And you're here tonight. You could have been doing something else. I don't know what. But, you know, sometimes at our church, I wonder what are they what are they doing on Sunday night or Wednesday night and they're not here at church. I'd feel guilty. But anyway, you're here and and you're being blessed. Maybe they're watching. Okay. It's not the same. But anyway, it's second best, I guess. Uh but um anyway, maybe there's people watching that's not even a part of this church. we uh live stream our services and u and sometimes it's good sometimes it's bad sometimes I think you know I get in trouble uh but not so much with our own people but anyway spiritual sacrifice is that he accepts is he accepting our sacrifice is he accepting your sacrifice huh it's not the sacrifice the spiritual sacrifice because the Catholic church will sacrifice will do things you know to help people and what have you does he accept Two years after Saul became king, we see his selfwill was promoted above God's word. The Philistines, the enemy was gathered against them for battle and the people were afraid. As happens many times even in the church, certain things happen and take place and people begin to be afraid. Is what being done right? Is this being are we going in the right direction? Is oh, what about this? What about that? And and so the people were afraid. And Samuel the prophet had told King Saul to wait seven days for him to come and offer a burnt offering before they would go to battle. And when it the Philistines begin to be more and more and more and bigger and bigger, uh it seemed as if Samuel was not going to come and the people begin to scatter away from King Saul because they begin to be more afraid. And so Saul being a king and not a priest, he took it upon himself to enter into the priest's office and to offer a sacrifice himself, not being of the priestly tribe. As soon as he got through, Samuel walks up. You know, it's kind of like the fog of war. They say people that uh fight in wars and military people that many times they don't understand what the enemy is thinking more so now the military does because of uh the internet and and satellites and and all the different things that they have to use. But in times past, many times an army would would surrender, not realizing their enemy across the way that they were fighting against was just getting ready to pull away. But the fog of war kept them from understanding what was taking place. And sometimes in our Christian experience, our Christian war, our Christian battle, we're dependent on God to come and it don't seem like he's going to be there. The fog of life itself keeps us from seeing that God is on his way. He hadn't forgot us and he's never late and never will be. But Saul took it upon himself to do what he was told not to do. And so Samuel shows up and asked Saul, "What have you done?" He said, 'Well, I I I forced myself because the people they were afraid and so I I forced myself to do this be thinking you were not going to come so as to have the Lord's blessings before the battle. His his uh his idea was pretty good. He wanted the Lord's blessings. He was doing that for a good reason to have the Lord's blessings, but it wasn't according to the word of the prophet. Samuel said, "You've done foolishly. You've not kept the word of the Lord, for he wanted a man after his own heart." They defeated the enemy in that battle anyway, regardless of Saul's uh uh uh blunder, and it was a great battle. But I would say this to us here tonight, it was a false revival, though it was anointed by God. It was a false revival because it was contrary to the word of the prophet. Saul was already rejected by God. Now we know that David later became that man after God's own heart. And but we find 16 years later after this incident with Samuel uh we see again King Saul in complete uh disobedience to God. the scriptures 1st Samuel 15 and one if you'd like to turn or maybe it is being shown where you can see it. Samuel also said unto Saul, he had been sent again by Samuel to defeat the Amlch. Amcch was a type of the flesh that give Israel a lot of problems. And so the prophet Samuel says, "I want you to go and I want you to defeat them totally. Kill every man, woman, boy, girl, baby. Kill them all." And um don't spare anything, not at all. Just wip destroy the land completely, even the animals. And so the battle took place. You know the story. Samuel spared the king and the best of the flocks. And Samuel also said unto Saul, "The Lord sent me to anoint thee to be king over Israel, over his people over Israel. Now therefore hearken thou unto the voice of the words of the Lord. Thus saith the Lord of hosts. I remember that which Amch did to Israel, how he laid in weight for him in the way when he came up from Egypt. Now go and smite Amlch. Utterly destroy all that they have. Spare them not. slay both man, woman, infant, suckling, ox, sheep, camel, a ass. Now, that's pretty direct, pretty simple uh instructions for the king to follow. It was thus sayeth the Lord, something that he needed to do, had to do. And so, he returns from victory. He fought the battle and won. But it was a false victory or we could say a false revival. They were probably rejoicing in what had been done. But he spared Agag the king and the best of the sheep and the oxen and the lambs and all that was good. Everything that was vile and refused they destroyed. And in the process of doing that now coming back from the battle he thought he had done the will of God by saving the best be for the people. He did it for the people to to offer a sacrifice unto the Lord. 1st Samuel 15 and 20. And Saul said unto Samuel, "Yay, I have obeyed the voice of the Lord." What arrogance, huh? What arrogance. I have obeyed the word of the Lord, and I have gone the way which the Lord sent me, and have brought Agag, the king of Amalch, and have utterly destroyed the Amalocites. But the people took of the spoil, the sheep, the oxen, the chief of the things which should have been utterly destroyed to sacrifice unto the Lord thy God in Gilgal. I imagine that King Saul had a smile on his face when he was telling Samuel that. Probably thinking he was going to get a big pat on the back and congratulate him for the great work that he had done for the Lord and what he was going to do in offering this sacrifice to God. And Samuel the prophet, he didn't do that. He said, "Hath the Lord as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices as in obeying the voice of the Lord. Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of rams. For rebellion is as a sin of witchcraft, and stubbornness is as iniquity and idolatry. Because thou hast rejected the word of the Lord, he hath also rejected thee from being king. I would say this. And we have to bring these Old Testament stories that are true up to today to us that are here, those that are in the sound of my voice, wherever they're at. Whenever the outward observance is considered of greater importance than the inward love for a spiritual life, there is a perversion in your Christian faith which is displeasing to God. Remember in the church age book, brother Brennham said that the church had grown to a place where they when they stopped being persecuted by Rome and Constantine rose up and began to support the church with finances and so forth that they begin to think more of what the world thought of them than what God thought of them. if I could quote brother Brand. Um, and I will in a in a moment. But before I I I do that, I just, you know, I want to say something. And you know this just as well as I know it that the day that we're living in church there are many churches that are trying to reproduce brother Brandham again in their services and in their own ministries publicly trying to demonstrate a gift that was given to brother Brandham alone for a particular purpose a gift that was impersonated in brother Brandham's day caused carnal imperson impersonations and confusion of which was not approved of God but was done anyway. It was a worship. It was a sacrifice and we see a return by many to previous pent to a previous Pentecostal age past. An age that had truth, a restoration of the gifts, right? An age of the church which our prophet when he was here tried to correct that that age felt they they exalted they felt exalted rather in the gifts that they had the music the emotionalism and disregard started spiritual things that became more important to them as with the TV evangelists and so forth of that day they became merely entertainers. Now I'm speaking of days that I know about personally because I was a part of those days. I was in raised in the Pentecostal church. My daddy was a Pentecostal pastor. And so what does that produce? It produces a false revival. Another Janis and Jambers, no matter how great it might seem, and it will produce the same thing today if it's repeated. And so Samuel the prophet came to Saul no more. came to him no more. Do you know why he is still king? Still came. But the prophet came to him no more. You see, Saul was a great man, but he like lacked the character to lead God's people. Though he was a great man and he was a great man, there is character that leaders must have or they become unprofitable. Gifts and callings are without repentance. In other words, a person I could backslide tonight. That gift would still be there. That calling would still be there. I just would be unprofitable in the ministry that I would have. And so he um he would regardless a a a a leader must have that character. Uh but if it becomes stained uh by unbelief or disobeying God's word, then it can no longer be effective as it once was without the word. This is where many feel that they are okay with the lack of character because they may have a gift but they don't have the character to operate that gift but the gift is there and because the gift is there they feel as if they are okay. I grew up or I raised our family down in the Baton Rouge area in South Louisiana. Jimmy Swagger was big uh many years ago there. He still is. I guess he's 90 years old. But I used to even in the me as being a part of the message used to enjoy and love his singing and his preaching. He was a real preacher. But there came some things in his life that were totally wrong. And I think his own statement was that his downfall was the fact that he was still anointed after doing some of the immoral things that he done. And I would listen to him on the radio and I would be amazed at his preaching and his singing and it just really I really enjoyed it. But you know the same man later I could listen to him and it was different. It was hard to listen to him. It was hard to listen to what he was saying. It was hard to receive to receive it knowing what had took place and what it was what it was there in in in the lack in that situation. I will say that about him publicly because it's public information and he's a public character. What kind of a lack of character will make a person that we would know and love and trust unprofitable today? Well, you say, "Brother, Ivy moral issues would do that." And I want you to bear with me if you're watching. You know, uh, hear me out to the end of this sermon so you don't get the wrong impression. David had moral issues. I'm not trying to promote sin because even the Lord said that what he done would cause others to do the same thing. But he had moral issues, but he still remained a God, a man after God's own heart. He had failures and misjudgments that even harmed the people. Is that right? But he was still a man after God's own heart. Now, I'm not promoting doing wrong, you know, but I'm just trying to get to a point here in this. And but for Saul, it was different. And what he done did not seem to be as serious as what David done. But Saul deliberately disobeyed the word of God when he knew what it was. And by it, God left him. The prophet left him and never returned. You see, it's the same today, only magnified in the New Testament. Saul went right on with his ministry. He had great revivals. He became greater and greater. You ruled Israel for another 24 years, a total of 40 years before he came to his end. A terrible end. And yet he went to heaven. Saul was a leader of false revivals and many followed him knowing that he was wrong in what he was doing. Some didn't care. Others joined in with the persecution of David just to stay in good standing with Saul because after all he was the king and they wanted to stay in good standing with him in position with him. So as we look at that as we look at Saul then we I ask you what is a false revival? A false revival has all the attributes of one that is real. But it lacks humility. Brother Brandon in the sermon Christianity versus idolatry, he spoke of St. Martin in the great move of God that took place under his ministry as a messenger to the age. And he said the very secret of his power was in his humility before God. And we find today that the church yet teaching its power and teaching the signs to follow the believer. Yet we find them puffed out. Big me little you. And that it isn't like the early church. You see, they were humble. They were kind to one another and sweet, understanding. And it's so much different today. I wonder if a lot of this hasn't sidetracked us from the real kernel of the message that we want to humble ourselves. The one of the last sermons brother Brandon preached, not the last one, but one of them was God's only provided place of worship in Shreport. and he was speaking to that church that claimed to be undenominational. Uh he was speaking to them about denominations and to stay away from denominations and not to become a denomination. And as I said this morning that uh life tabernacle in Shreport became his second home as it would be and he went there many times and preached great meetings. But he said there one as as I said one of his last sermons to that church, if I go in this generation, may the people who believe this message never stand still for a denomination. Now they were going into one and even the ministry there perhaps didn't realize what was taking place. And I want to ask you, what is a denomination? Now, Brother Brandham answers that question when I finish reading this. You'll die right in your tracks. Remember that. The very hour that you mention denominations among you, I don't care how sincere you are, take man for your leader instead of the Holy Ghost to confirm his word. That's the hour that you die. There's your denomination. Taking some man for your leader instead of the Holy Ghost. And yet God has men that are filled with the Holy Ghost that lead you by the word. And yet he goes on to say the genuine seed cannot cannot what denominate. So there is a seed that will not denominate. It cannot denominate because there's nothing to follow the seed but the same thing. This age is marked by deception. And that deception in the day that we're living in, you that are sitting there looking at me and listening to what I'm saying. One of the great deceptions of the day that we live in is denominationalism, which is a spirit. We've been taught. It's a spirit. remember the sermon bruise serpent where brother Brandham he came and was going to leave the ministry the field he was going to continue to preach at home and and he said they're making me an antichrist by calling me uh Jesus Christ and a week or two later he come back in the pull pit and said all the brothers have made it right and yet we know that they didn't they did maybe to brother Brandham's But if you listen to that that sermon that he preached after Bruce Serpent, he comes to a place where he said, you know, two years ago, I told them brothers that wasn't right. He said, but they never listen to me. He said, why? Because they took a spirit. And when you take a spirit, you can't show it to them. They can't believe it. And so that's what happens to people. They don't realize they're a part of a denomination. They don't realize they have a false revival. You can't convince them otherwise. Why? They take a spirit. There's nothing you can do. They take a spirit, but there's a seed that will never that will always follow God's word. Okay? I want to be one of those. I can't make myself but I can be identified as one by following the word. You see? And so a denomination is a denominational spirit in that people lose their humility. And then a denominational spirit is built upon numbers, upon pride, upon personality, upon control. and money. And then they begin to spare the things that God told them to destroy. Why? Because of the people. The people. They got to keep the people. They think more about what the world thinks of them than God. So they spare the things they were they they were told to destroy and then talking about that denominational spirit. How you can tell you young people, I see some of you taking notes. I hope that's what you're doing. Show me your picture after church and I'll tell you how nice it is. But anyway, there's something else that a denominational spirit will do. You can write it down. Okay. They will hate and persecute the Davids of this world. Those after God's own heart, the true seed, those that do not follow their their false revival. Write it down. You that we're taking notes, write it down. They will persecute the true seed, a false revival, a denominational spirit. We're living in a serious time. We can get on the news. All of us carry the news in our pocket or your purse. And we see so much confusion in the world. We see what's taking place in the Middle East with Israel. We're thankful that we have a president now that is sticking up for Israel. But how long will that last? I don't know. And so Israel's a time clock for us. And we see that she is persecuted by almost everyone. Even if she defends herself against evil and I don't want you to misunderstand uh Israel as as a nation, they are evil people. I mean they're perverts. They're every every kind just like in America. is there. But God cares about him. Why? Because of little uh little Benjamin. There's 144,000 perhaps there right now waiting for us to get out of here that this message can be revealed to them. Huh? And so for their sake, God loves them. See, but we see these things taking place. We see things we don't know what. I mean, it's like a a mystery movie or something. Every day it's something different. But but see, it's the day that we're living. We're living in a very serious time. It's got to be this way naturally and spiritually. It's going home time. As I said this morning, it's harvest time. It's a different time than it's ever been. If it's a serious time, then it should call for serious measures and very serious desires. The early church, I read about the early church history and they longed for and they look for the coming of the Lord every day. It was something that was quickened to them. They believed it would take place in that time at that time. You know, when I first come to this message in 1970 or 71, somewhere along in that, it seemed like that was the attitude of all of us. We looked for the coming of the Lord. We just expected it. We never thought our kids would grow up. We never thought they'd go to school. We never thought they'd get big and get married and have children and grandchildren and so forth, but they're still here. But what we look for that, but Paul looked for it. Amen. Amen. Every age look for it. He didn't come in 73 and a half. He didn't come in 77. But I'm still looking for him. Amen. Why? Because I see the conditions around us. All everything the deception and and what we see going on naturally, the confusion and all those things. Don't don't let that don't don't let that blow you away. It's supposed to be what we're seeing naturally and spiritually is supposed to be. But God will have a people. Amen. Settle it now. Not later. And so it's a serious time because we see a Cain worship again. thinking God will accept their worship knowing what God has said. But because pe because of the people and because of results, they believe God has accepted them and their false revival. And our prophet said, and I'm he's a lot more sterner than what I am. And whenever I preach, he said it was devil worship. Not the man in the honky tonk in the barroom and the adulterer and the whoreonger out there. No, no, not him. A devil worship. People don't want to accept that, but that's exactly what it is. It was that way with Cain. Uh it was that way with we could take so many types and you know this is the real sad thing is that the people the people accept it gladly follow it and if you don't you are considered a heretic. As in the church age book, Brother Random said, "In every case, the evil hated the righteous and persecuted the righteous. In some cases, the evil destroyed the righteous. But notice, they were planted together. They lived together. They both made claims upon God and worshiped God. Now, David did God a service without it being his will, God's will. And when he did that, it produced death. But when he consulted the word of God, he consulted the prophet. He did what God required. And the difference here was not death but was life. Because when he was corrected by the word, it humbled David to repentance. And when he repented, it was over like that. Yet he had to pay for those things that he done. But he was still a man after God's own heart. That never changed. You might have a prodal out there, Brother Jerome, but they're still, if they're a prodal, they're still God's, right? Huh? No matter how far they go in sin, they could run, but they can't hide. God knows them. If they're a prodal, they're still God's son. Amen. Amen. And we all have them. And so there was a difference. Now, how does this relate to us today to this message? We must stay away from denominational spirits. We must. And I tell you why. Because it is a spirit. Spirits go from one person to the next. I'm not trying to preach isolationism, but you know the old American saying in birds of a feather flock together. When you get around somebody that has a certain disposition, if you're not careful, that spirit gets on you and you become just like them. We raised our family in South Louisiana. My wife's family are French and South Louisiana French and they have a English accent that sometimes is hard to understand. Now, it took me 55 years to get that out of her and she she doesn't talk like them anymore. But, you know, I can tell when she talks to her sister on the telephone. I come in and she sounds just like her. She has that, you know, she picks up that spirit real easy. And Oh Lord, help me. I tell them young preachers in our church, don't preach about your wife. It's not worth it. Now, where was I at anyway? But maybe I'll change sermons here real quick. But uh anyway, um how does this affect us today? A denominational spirit is a spirit. Okay? No matter how great it appears. How do I know? How can you know? It's a denominational something is a denominational spirit. If you have the spirit of God yourself, that's a spirit, right? Uh listen to the sermon. Brother Brandon preached uh spiritual discernment. He makes it very clear there. So if you have the spirit of God, you'll know uh you will have spiritual discernment. Now I have spiritual discernment. That don't make me super spiritual. If you have the Holy Spirit, you have spiritual discernment. All of us have spiritual discernment. Okay? And so you have spiritual discern. If you have that, you know what someone is trying to accomplish, what their motive and objective is and what they're doing. You can tell right off the bat. And I would say this, these young people can tell quicker than you. It's some of us older ones. They know something that's real and something that's phony when they see it. You young people, look at Brother Ivy, man. You are. And I appreciate that very much. You're not the church of tomorrow, but you're the church of today. and you let God come into your life to give you spiritual discernment because this is a late hour that we're living in. And when God deals with your heart, you yield to him. Amen. And respond back to that God that is in you to lead you and guide you and give everything the word test in your life by knowing the word, by reading the word, finding time every day to read the word, listen to the prophet's message. And so if you have the guide, which is the spirit of God, he will lead and guide you into all truth. And where others, no matter how plain it is to you, to them, they never see it. And they say this, I don't see anything wrong with it. Why don't you just put your shoulder to our will and let's move this revival down the road. even if it's false. And when you don't go along with it, you're considered a troublemaker and unspiritual. But you know how I can get along with everybody? And you can get along with everybody. I'm going to tell you how. It's real easy. Compromise. Compromise. That's all you have to do. Compromise. But a believer won't compromise when it comes to the word. In the resume of the churches, brother Brandham said it like this. He said, speaking of that false vine, he said, "They outshine the elect in effort and zeal, but it is Leodysa, not of Christ. For it looks for big crowds, big programs, startling signs among them. They preach the second coming of Christ, but deny the advent of the prophet messenger. Though in power and signs and true revelation, he eclipses them all. Now, how do they deny it? By trying to imitate that same spirit, there was one prophet messenger to this age. Okay? And God used him for a specific thing. We all have our part and our place in God's kingdom in what we do. Said, "Oh yes, this false spirit that in the last days is so close to the real can only, now get this, can only be distinguish. It's so close. It can only be distinguished by its deviation from the word. And whenever it's caught and being an anti-word, it falls back on the one argument we've already shown to be false. We get results, don't we? We have to be of God. Told you about a false revival. What is a real revival? A real revival is an awakening. You were asleep and something woke you up. Therefore, it is for believers, true believers only. It is a move of God. And that move is like the moving of the water in a lake during a storm. And that word, the moving of the waters, has been grossly misunderstood. And I'm going to try to make it very clear, but it that's what it's like. That's what we've been taught. It's like the moving of the water during the storm in a lake. There's no more water as than there was before. It's just the moving the moving of the water. Now, what is that moving of the water? That's a revival. It is bringing the trash up that can't be seen from the bottom of the lake and throwing it out on the shore so it can be done away with. That's the moving of the water. Is the throwing the trash that's in our lives up on the bank. That's why it's for believers. It's not to bring unbelievers in. though it could do that and that's okay. But a real revival, what does it do? It may not make you happy. It might make you cry. It might make you sad. It might make you mad, but in the end, that trash comes up. You see, you might not dance in the spirit. You may weep and cry and sorry, why have I been so foolish? God help me. So that move and awakening that I'm talking about, that revival has come. It was promised and it's come. We're not looking for it. It's a message that woke the bride up. According to Matthew 25, it brings repentance to saints. that Saul was sorry of what he'd done, but actually he was sorry he got caught. He just wanted to look good before the people with Samuel at his side. That's not repentance. David sincerely obeyed when he realized his worship was wrong. And that is not a public show because God doesn't make a public show of our repentance. of what we do in disobedience or obedience. Uh because if he made a public show of what we do in our sacrifice to him, then our pride might get in the way. Then that's a denominational spirit that can come and cause us problems. When the true revival comes, you will see more prayer. You will see sincere repentance. You will see tears of joy. You'll see people moved by the word. It becomes a token life on display. Not greater personalities in the pull pit, but the poor, the persecuted, the rejected are moved are moved by the word of God. It moves them on the inside. You say, "Well, it'll move you on the outside." Yes, it'll cause you to dress right, to look right. It'll cause you to walk right. Walk with a token. Walk with a life that is in you. Amen. Amen. Becoming a preacher to everybody that sees you. Amen. Where there is a revival, you see people surrendered and consecrated to God. In the token sermon, Brother Brandham said, "If you have the token, and we know what the token is, okay, what is it? It's the literal literal life of Christ living in us to where when you walk young people look at brother Ivy when you walk wearing your dresses and your long hair and people see you and say what church do you go to what are you doing you're displaying the token you young men when you refuse to follow the crowd and to do the things that's right you're you're you're displaying the token. See, it's not enough to say, "Well, I have the token." A lot of people say, "I have the token." Huh? But is it displayed? The blood had to be displayed. Showing that the life was given. Display it. There's power in that. That's right. And so in that tur token sermon, he said, "If you got the token, you create a spirit around you, a power when you walk. People know that you're a Christian. They love for you to say something uh to them. They believe your word. What you say, they hold on to it. We've been taught there's two, the false and the true that will grow together until the end. And I say this respectfully, they'll grow together in the same message. leadership that brother Brandham preached. The last sermon that he preached, he had communion and he spoke at that. But the last full sermon he preached, he said this, and I'm closing with this. Uh he said, "But you see, you put a cockle burst seed and a wheat seed in the same bed and pour the water down upon them and anoint them, they'll both rejoice. They'll both grow by it." the same water. The sun shines on the just and the unjust. The rain falls on the just and the unjust, but by their fruits you shall know them. Is a token there when they walk. Is a token there when I stand behind the pull pit. You know, if I couldn't preach my way out of a wet paper bag, but if that token life is there, it would display itself out to you that you would recognize God. Amen. In the simplicity of his word goes on to say, "How can you keep from lining up with the word?" Amen. See what I mean? The water falls on the just and the unjust. Anoint it both. two two revivals in the same church, in the same message, in the same group, among the same people. They're both anointed young people. Listen to the sermon um that brother Brandham preached in regards to spiritual discernment. You don't judge the person by the gift they have, right? but by the spirit that they possess. The token life is it there? Let me finish the quote. Jesus said, "They will come to me in that day." Now, I believe we're in that day. They will come to me in that day and say, "Lord, Lord, have not I cast out devils? Have not I prophesy? Have not I done great things in your name?" He'll say, "You workers of iniquity, depart from me. I don't even know you. Go into eternal hell that's been prepared for the devil and his angels. You see what a word. Falsely worship in vain, striving in vain. Why do you do that when you don't have to do it? Why take a substitute when the heavens are full of the genuine? This was the last sermon brother, as I said, brother Brandham preached. He preached it in a denominational setting, but I think it's true to all of us today. Somehow he may have knew that God was going fixing to take him off the scene. I believe with an urgency, he cried out to all of us to recognize these things in the day that we're living in and what it is and the condition that it is. Because as he quoted the scripture, the sun shines upon the just and the unjust. The rain falls on on everybody and everybody in between. They're all anointed. But God will say, "I don't know you. Go to eternal hell." Quoting Brother Brandham, that's prepared for the devil and his angels. But I found this out over the years that there's many that you cannot help because they don't believe that is them. Do you understand? A a person that like Saul, they don't recognize that that is them. They have been convinced in their own spirit that they are right in what they do because they're offering a sacrifice to God contrary to what the prophet said, contrary to what the word of God says. That's why it's so important whether you're a young lady over there, a young man, a young man, young men over here, to know the word of God yourself. is an individual affair. It's between you and God. Not you and mom, you and dad. Between you and God. When Baleo, the great king, wanted to have a revival, who did he call to preach it? Going to have a great revival. And he wanted to call somebody to preach it. He wanted to call somebody that he felt that he could influence. Somebody that he felt would say the things he wanted him to say, would follow the pattern of persecution against Israel that he wanted to do. So what did he do? He found the best preacher in the land, the most anointed. His name was Balum. And you know, Balam prophesied and we read some of those prophecies to this day which were some of the greatest prophecies ever given in regards to the coming of the great Messiah. He was a prophet. He made he had had them make the same altars and sacrifice just like the prophet Moses down in the valley. Just like it. But there was a difference, okay, between Moses and Balum. A huge difference. Many could not tell the difference. Even godly, sincere people in Israel fell for Balam's trap, begin to be influenced by him. After all, he was a great preacher. Defiling their separation from God, from what the word, from what the prophet had said. What was the difference? It It's so so hard for people to see. The seed seed. That was the only difference. The only difference. That's what our prophet said. Moses was a true seed. Bam was a false seed. That's why there are those that I could preach this to and would never see what I'm saying. Never see it at all. and yet continue on being very spiritual. It's the seed. But if you have the seed, the token life will be there. And when you walk, listen, especially you young people. It'll be Jesus walking. Jesus can still walk. The only hands he has upon earth now, young man, is your hands. Uh he has your mouth. And so Jesus is still here by the token life that is in us. And as you walk, as you go to school, as you get an education, as you girls look for a husband, don't look for one. God will send you a husband just as well as the Holy Ghost. Amen. Huh? Just walk with a token. Let that godly life shine out through you. Amen. Judge things righteously by the word. Not by the gift that somebody has, but by the word. And how do you know? H how do I know, Brother Ivy? Because you are the word. It'll speak to you. There'll be something inside you that'll say, "That's nothing but the truth. I don't understand. I'm not going to explain it, but I know it's right." I grew up in Pentecost and as I said, my dad was a Pentecostal preacher, pastor. I saw the supernatural. I saw many great things take place. It was, as I said this morning, a great shock. Thank God for it. Uh but when this message came to me, I found something real, something lasting, and I don't want to go back to that. I want to stay with thus sayeth the Lord. And thus sayith the Lord has come to us in this generation and has spoke to those that can have thus sayeth the Lord that can receive it. Do you love him tonight? Amen. Let's stand to our feet. You that play the instruments, come and I want to sing. He's all I need. I don't know if I preached too long tonight. I hope I didn't longer than I have strength to preach really on a Sunday evening. So, he's all I need. Could we sing that as in a kiss for me? If you could do that in that cave. He's all I need. is all I need. Oh [Music] Jesus is all I need. Is all I need is all I need. Well, Jesus is all. Lift your hands now. I worship him. I worship him. Our [Music] worship and truth. I worship you. I will worship him in spirit and he's all I need. Once again, singing, he's all I need. He Oh, that's all you need tonight. There's nothing else you need. You just need him. He's here. Jesus is all I need. Is all I need is all I need. Jesus, [Music] I [Music] need his name. Oh, hallelujah. That's God with us. [Applause] [Music] Oh, that sounds good. From your heart, sing it to me. His name is everywhere. I have a longing longing. Oh, do you have that longing? He's coming soon. Anybody need prayer? We'll be glad to pray for just to be his presence. [Music] I have in my heart. Oh. Oh. One more time. Just with all your heart. Sing [Music] that. Do you have that longing? Come on, church. Do you have that longing? Something burning deep inside. [Music] I have a longing in my heart. [Music] [Music] I [Music] am for him because he lives I can face tomorrow. I don't know what kid he calls healing I Yeah. Heat. Oh my word. One more time. Let's sing the chords together. Hallelujah. Worship him in your own way. Worship him. Don't let him pass you by. Yeah. Heat. [Music] his words. [Music] God sent his son. [Music] They Jesus. He came to love, heal, and he came [Music] to He for Hallelujah. He lived. He lived and he died by my part. Amen. An empty grave is there to prove my s to prove my glory to God. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Glory. Amen. Just keep playing that. As I get older, as me and brother David get older, there's no going back and redoing things that undoing them and fixing them. And that's passed. You know, as a songwriter said in that song that we were singing, and if you could show it here where I could see the the words to it, I guess it's here. Yes. songwriter said, "And then one day I'll cross that river." I realize, Brother David, we're getting closer to that river all the time. Our feet's getting wet. Maybe we're ankle deep in it. There's somebody on the other side calling for us. Amen. But you know, we're not walking alone. I believe there's a theophony right beside us that we're going to step into. That theophony is cheering us on. and those on the other side said, "Come on, get your feet wet. Come on." A great crowd of witnesses. And then one [Music] day, I'll cross. I'll fight life's final war with [Applause] Amen. And then his death is way to victory. Oh, I can almost see the lights of glory now. Amen. Glory to God. Hallelujah. Glory. Hallelujah. Oh, sing it out. Let the angels hear you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh yes. [Music] Amen. Amen. I'm so glad the Lord spoke those words to us tonight. It is the secret. That's right. To the rapture. It's simple. The way forward is the bread of life. It's the way forward is to know him. This is the will of the father to know him whom he sent. [Music] You know, I thought as brother Bill spoke, I've had an opportunity to visit some sites that are worldrenowned sites. And every time I go, there's a tour. You know, someone will hold up a flag from their country and the people will go on this tour. And I always notice there's some that tag along the tour. They probably didn't pay, but they sneak in and they stand and they listen and they follow it around and and you know, I I've been on those tours, but I always hire a private guide because I want to ask the questions that are on my heart. I don't want to be one of the crowd. You know, when they went to Israel, they I saw buses after buses after buses, but yet me and Lesie went with just one person so we could find out what it is. And that's what's beautiful about this word. You don't have to be a part of a crowd. Yeah, you can have your own personal guide that you can ask the questions about your life and your problems and your situations and he'll take the time because he purchased the tour for you. Not only did he purchase it, but he's your guide. He's your question answer. He knows where to take you. He knows what he wants to show you. He knows what's important. He knows what's fake and what's false. And our guide pointed out, he said, "See this building over here? That's where they make the widow mites that everybody's buying. There's probably not a rear one left anywhere, but you could pick them up by the thousand. And a real guide keeps you from p buying what's false, what's fake and what's real. And he guides you. Aren't you glad we have a guide? It's not a group of men. It's a person. It's the person that God so loved this seed as our brother so brilliantly bought brought this evening that he sent a messenger to reach out and touch your heart that you wouldn't take anything that wasn't genuine. And that's what we want to make sure this evening. Make sure that you have a guide. Make sure you know him. And his name is Jesus. That's who you want guiding your life. And I was touched in my own heart and brought under a conviction my own self. How much of the world we need to get away from? We need to get away from the voices, the other leaders, the other influences, the other things that want you to go this way and that way. We have an absolute in this hour. It was a man that was born into this earth to fulfill Malachi 4:5. Luke 17:30, Revelations 10:7, he was born. Even his words, even the shape of his mouth, his personality was designed by God to open to you those seals and those mysteries. It's not for the ministry. It's for you. Yes. His sheep. My sheep hear my voice and another they will not follow. Make sure you connect with the leadership that the Lord Jesus has sent. Make sure you're not influenced by position, influenced by anything but that voice. and that heart and your experience with him. And once again, I'd say take the time this week to reckindle that experience, to rekindle that leadership, to get back to that voice that God has sent to you in this generation to lead and guide you. And I recognize many of the quotes that brother Bill read from the church age book from different sermons. Be led, church. We're at the end. Amen. We have one voice that'll take us all the way through. So Lord richly bless you tonight. Brother Bill, I personally enjoyed that. It was personally for me. It was delightful and I can look out across all the world and apply that to so many different situations. But when it all comes back around, it all gets back to the Lord Jesus and the word that he brought to us to lead us out of here in this hour. Lord, you brother Tim, would you come dismiss us in prayer? You love the Lord. If you love him, love one another. Yes, sir. Amen. Will you do better to serve him this week? Amen. God bless you, my brother. Thank you, man. Don't you love Sunday night? It's like we had a meal this morning and then we got a second helping tonight. And since it's recorded, we might even get leftovers. Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. I want to quote David before we pray. He said, "He that is our God is the God of salvation." Amen. Let's bow our heads. Lord, we surely can turn to no one else. Lord, when we're seeking our own salvation, but Lord, we have none of our own. You are the provider. Your word says many times over, salvation is of the Lord. So Lord, we thank you for the words we've heard today, Lord. That we can ease up a little higher on the ladder, Lord. That we're closer. We can look up. Our salvation is drawing nearer. Lord, quicken it to our hearts, we pray. And the words that were spoken, Lord, may they just rest on our minds and drop down in our hearts, Lord, and continue to feed us. Lord, by your word and your will, put us in the place, Lord, that we have, Lord, the uncction, the moving, the revelation, the desire even for what you have for us, Lord, and we might be found, Lord, that you're soon appearing, Lord, doing the things that you would have us do. Granted, Lord, that you draw us all closer to you for having been in the service tonight. Lord, as we leave this building, even Lord, may just an extra blessing fall upon us for having assembled ourselves together, Lord. Sung these songs of Zion, felt closer to you for it, Lord. Lord, those truly that have requests on their hearts, Lord. Continue to work your will in their lives, Lord. Answer them as you see fit, Lord. We ask and believe all these things in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Thank you, brother Tim. You love him. Have you ever been sorry that you chose him? Have you ever been sorry you followed him? Have you ever been sorry that you heard his word? I've never been sorry. Amen. Never been sorry. [Music] Jesus saved him. I've been singing every day. I've never been sorry that I [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. N. [Music] Oh, you Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music]
