################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-26 - [2025-03-26wed]The importance of The Word Bread  Bro Billy Mbuyi - Billy Mbuyi.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-03-26
Title:    [2025-03-26wed]The importance of The Word Bread | Bro Billy Mbuyi
Speaker:  Billy Mbuyi
Church:   Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 56m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CM0NtnikU94
========================================

Description:
The importance of the word bread 
Bro Billy Mbuyi
Wednesday Evening Service
March 26th, 2025
Christian Life Tabernacle
Bedford, Texas

The church body of Christian Life Tabernacle began in 1978 when David McGeary moved to Texas from Arizona and began pastoring a small group of believers in Haltom City. Presently located in Bedford, Christian Life Tabernacle is a City set on a Hill in the middle of the Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area.

Christian Life strives to be a witness to the DFW area by proclaiming the Gospel of Jesus Christ that has been restored in its fullness by God through His servant William Marion Branham. As an angel messenger to the Gentile church age described in Revelation 3:14-22, this Prophet’s Message was supernaturally vindicated by God to be the Truth, and ministered an exodus from the creeds and doctrines of this Laodicean church world.

"Not for one moment do I bring a message to the people that they may follow me, or join my church, or start some fellowship and organization. I have never done that and will not do that now. I have no interest in those things, but I do have an interest in the things of God and people, and if I can accomplish just one thing I will be satisfied. That one thing is to see established a true spiritual relationship between God and men, wherein men become new creations in Christ, filled with His Spirit and live according to His Word. I would invite, plead and warn all to hear His voice at this time, and yield your lives completely to Him, even as I trust in my heart that I have given my all to Him. God bless you, and may His coming rejoice your heart." - William Branham
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Built with swift transition will and awe of earth move can stay. Oh, and your hopes on [Music] things. Oh, you got a hold to God's unchanging hand. [Music] Oh, you got a hold. You got change. Oh, you got a hold. You got changing. [Applause] [Music] Oh [Music] J. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Oh God changing God. Oh God changing. Oh, oh, you got to hold not this world and not this world preaches. [Music] Oh, and so he came. [Music] Oh, when you got a hold change when you got a Oh, when your journey is Oh way is completed. Oh true. [Music] Oh right. Oh, so you [Applause] bring home to God. God's unchanging. Oh, you got a hold to God's unchanging hand and something to do. Oh, God. Hallelujah. We'll ask brother Orlando to come and open up our service in a word of prayer. Let's bow our heads. Lord, we thank you once again for allowing us to come into your presence, Lord. For we know Lord that in your presence Lord there's liberty, there's peace, there's deliverance Lord and even a word Lord God that's allotted to us at this very selfsame time Father for you know and you alone know exactly what we have need of Father help us die to our own thoughts Lord our own ambitions our own ways Father and lean not to our own understanding, but in all of our ways, Lord God, that we can individually acknowledge you and allow you to direct our path. Bless the service tonight, Lord God, as we commit it all into your hands that we may find rest, Father, in this weary land. It's in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ I pray. Amen. [Music] [Music] in the sweet by and by. Oh, we shall meet on that beautiful shore. Well, in the sweet by and by where we shall be on that beautiful soul. There's a land there's a land that is better than me. We can see and for the [Music] father and us in the street in the street. Oh my [Music] for sure. We shall see and we shall [Music] see. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh my Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh [Music] sh [Music] Oh, my Oh, I wish I Oh, in the sweet in the sweet. Oh my gosh. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] for sure. I'm singing gloryy to his name. Oh, and glory to his wonderful name. And there to my heart was the love God. Hell and glory to his name down at the cross. Oh, and down at the cross where my Savior died. And down from sin I cry. [Music] to my heart was that love of God. I'm singing gloryy to his name and glory to his name. Glory to his name. Oh, and glory to his wonderful name and to my heart was the blood of God and glory to his name. I am so you and I so [Music] wonder and Jesus so sweetly about where and there at the cross waiting to be. and glory to his name and glory to his name. Glory to his name. Oh, and glory [Music] to my heart was the blood of and glory to his name. Oh precious mountain will let no precious mountain that [Music] s. Oh why so glad I victory. Jesus sings. Oh, and glory to his king and glory to his name. Glory to his name. All glory to my heart was the blood of life and glory to his name. Come to this fountain. Oh come to this mountain so free and free. Oh pass your soul like a sing your feet and maring today and you may desire and glory to his name. Glory to his name. Glory to his name. Oh, and glory to wonderful name. There to my heart was a blood of life and glory to his name. And you don't have to worry. Oh, and don't to be [Music] afraid. For joy comes in the morning, and troules ge last. Remember this, for there's a friend in Jesus. Oh, who will wipe your tears away? Oh, and if your heart is broken right now, just lift your hands. Oh, and lift your head and sing. Oh, I know that I can make it. Oh, I know that I can stay. Oh, no matter what may come my way. Oh, when my life is in your hands. Oh, and with Jesus I can take it. And with him I know I can. Come on somebody. No matter what may come my way. Oh, when my life is in your hand, so when you're testing trials, so when you're testing trial, oh when they seem to all your friends and loved ones, oh, and all your friends and love, oh, they I go to be found. Remember there a friend. Yes. Jesus who will wipe your tears away. [Music] Oh, and if your heart is broken, just lift your hands and say. Oh, I know that I can make it. Oh, I know that I can stay. No matter what may come my way. Oh, when my life is in your hand and reach Jesus I can take it. With him I know I can stay. Oh Lord matter what may come my way. Oh my life is in your hands. Hallelujah. I trust we all believe that tonight as we get ready to give the requests and the prayers. I got a testimony in my hand here. Brother Tommy writes, "Thank you for your prayers. The MRI came back clean." That's good news. That's the kind of God we serve. If you come into his house tonight and you have something on your heart, I don't know what it is. Your neighbor may not know what it is, but God knows what it is. Raise it up to him by the uplifting of your hands and trust that he sees the hand and he will meet the need. We'll ask brother Chris to come and pray for these and may the brothers bring the tithes and offerings. Please come up as well. [Music] Let's just pray together. Heavenly Father, Lord, we're so thankful to have the opportunity to approach you this evening, Lord. Father, we thank you, Lord, that Lord, you're so faithful to your word and your promises, Lord. Father, that we have a testimony tonight of a clear report. Lord, we just come before you with many needs. Lord, every raised hand here tonight, Lord, God, we want to lay it upon your word and upon your promise, Father, knowing that you're faithful to everything that you said. Yes, Lord. Whether it's financial, Lord, maybe it's marital, Father, sickness in the body, Lord, those who need work, Father, there's a promise for each need that we have need of, Lord. There's a character to be molded. Lord, there's a patience to be gotten. Lord, I pray, Father, that tonight, Lord, by the preaching of your word, whatever needs that's in here, Lord, Father, you would reveal it to your children, God, that you'd make it personal to them, Lord. Father, that you would drive away the fear and the complex, Lord. Our unbelief or doubts, Lord. God, every need that's here, Lord. Drive away the circumstance, Lord. Fix our eyes upon your word and upon your promise of what you said, Lord. God, give us faith to hold on to it, Lord. Father, knowing that you'll bring it to pass. Lord, you promised that if we called upon your name, we in our house would be saved. You said anything that we lay before you asking in your name, you would do it, Lord. Father, so each one checking their motive, Lord, knowing that it's pure, Father, and in your word, Lord, we just ask it, Lord, in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, and we'll give you thanks. We'll give you glory, honor, and praise, Lord. Father, we know we're un undeserving, unworthy, Lord. There's nothing that we can do to merit it, Lord, but trust in your word. And so, we ask for that faith tonight, Lord. May it just be lifted up. We commit all these needs into your hands, the tithes and offerings. Lord, we even hold the Mava family before you Lord, her sister hearing, Father, that the doctors say she has cancer, Lord. But Father, if you can give a clean report testimony tonight, Lord, you can give another one, Father. We just take you with the same promise, Lord. Father, we thank you. We love you, Lord. Commit this evening into your hands, Lord. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. I sing that song all my life. You have been faithful. I love you, Lord, for your mercy never fails me. Oh, and all my days I've been held in your hand. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my hand. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. All my life you have been [Music] faithful. All my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. Oh, I love your voice. You have made me [Music] fire. You are close like no other. Oh, I know you as a father. I know you as a friend. Oh, [Music] I all my life you have been faithful. Oh my s so every I will sing of the goodness of God. I love your voice. Oh I love your voice. You have made me through the fire. You are close by. I love you as a father. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh [Music] my so everywhere that I I will sing of the goodness of God and all my life. Sing it again. All my life you have been faithful. [Music] All my life you have been so so good every [Music] single hallelujah. Let's all stand as we prepare our hearts for the service. Let's sing worthy is the lamb. Thank you for the cross, Lord. Oh, thank you for the price you pay. Bring all my sin and shame. In love you came and gave away. Oh, thank you for his love. [Music] Thank you [Music] for wash me in your [Music] crazy fory. [Music] Oh, see it all the way. We found you now. Oh my Jesus. Oh, and the treasure of heaven through his life. Oh, worthy. Oh, worthy is the Thank you for the cross. Oh, thank you for the price, Lord. Thank you for the price [Music] you bearing all my sin and shame. We love [Music] you and amazing. [Music] Thank you for Oh, and thank you for everything. Oh, and wash me your cleansing flow. Oh, seated on the throne. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] of God. Oh, the treasure of heaven to see. Oh, worthy is the lamb. Oh, worthy is Hallelujah. has above heads. Gracious Father, we so thankful, Father, to be gathered in your presence. Surely you are worthy in all aspects, oh God. And Father, to think about the lamb who took the book of life. And Father, our names were in there, Lord. And even as we stand here, Lord, Father, we we're worshiping you, not the God of history, but the God of reality, Lord. And father, we can see the effect of why the lamb took the book of life manifested every day in our lives, Lord. And Father, we are beneficiaries of that life, oh God, when you took that book and you began to call out our names, Lord, and you brought us from sins into the kingdom of light. Father, we are here to give glory to your name. Amen. We here to glorify you, Father, every step of the way, Lord, and singing glory and glory to the lamb. Father, why? Because you took the book tonight. We want to commit what we are to you and invite you in this service, Lord. We know that you've given us your word for us to eat and be strengthened by it, Lord. And we gather here so that every need that's represented in this body tonight, Lord, may you just come by the way of your word and speak to it, Lord. Father, that we may get stronger tonight, that we may be nourished by the word of God and go out of here better than the way we came. Father, you have not left us alone. And you promise in your word that I'll be with you, even in you until the end. And we can say certainly tonight that Lord, you've made that promise true, Lord. Tonight, we commit what we are into your hands, Lord. And no doubt we've come from work and various places and tired in body. But Lord, for one moment, we just want to put our tightness aside and focus on you, Lord. And father, you are the eternal word of God that we live by. And we want to just call upon your name that you may come and strengthen us by your word. Once again, we we worshiped you in songs and now we want to go to the word. Lord, we pray that you give us grace and mercy, Father, that we may speak the things which you have revealed to us. We love you and we commit the whole service into your hands. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. So good to be gather in the house of God. Amen. All our visitors, we certainly welcome you tonight. Let's just open our Bibles tonight. And and in Matthew chapter uh 13, we're going to read verse 24-30. Um uh very familiar scripture reading. Man, I trust you're happy to be in the house of God tonight. [Music] Amen. Matthew 24 uh uh 13 and 24, he says, "And another parable put it forth unto them, saying, The kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which swed good seed in this field." But while men slept, his enemy came and saw teared among the wheat and went his way. But when the blade was sprung up and brought forth fruits, then appeared the tear also. So the servants of the household came and said unto him, "Sir, didn't thou sow good seed in thy field? From whence then had the te it teared?" He said unto them, "An enemy has done this." The servant said unto him, "Wilt thou then that we go and gather them up?" But he said, "Nay, lest while ye gather up the tears, ye root up also the wheat with him." It says, "Let both grow together until the harvest. In the time of the harvest will ye say to the reaper, "Gather ye together the tear and bind them in uh bundle to be burned, but gather the wheat into my garner." Gracious father, we ask you bless your word to us in the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. God bless. You may have your seats. [Music] Uh, I was just trying to figure out a way to approach this and and perhaps just from what our pastor has been preaching um just about uh the way forward being the bread of life and I will probably just give a title to focus your mind. Um and and the theme perhaps just to help us. Um I want to call it the end time seed word. Uh but my my really my theme is the importance of the word bread. The importance of the word bread. We if you perhaps just away from a way to start this. Um, I was thinking about even as as believers of this message that are gathered here tonight, we understand the word of God said we live by the word. every word of God that proceed every word that proceedth out of the mouth of God. And we understand that and the prophet will make an illustration um and use the natural uh man and it will say that we we we can uh look at nature, we can look at ourselves even we can look at trees and and understand that uh we feed we have to eat in order for us to survive. Um if you don't eat you will die. uh life with itself within its own definition is a struggle to keep life you have to eat and and within the food that we grow in the ground within the food that's grown and the the whether it be the fruits or the animal and everything we eat we find out that within that there's the nutrients and God build it to be that way by the way so we can eat the the the the vegetables we can eat uh the the fruits we can eat animals, we can eat those things and within that we can find the ingredients that will sustain this natural man. And we find out that if you don't eat, you die. So we eat and we find the supplements that that we need in order for us to eat and and sustain the natural man. And I can say often time you can many times people will even buy supplements because if you don't eat all of the vitamins you need your body will start to show certain symptoms. Why? Because you are missing a certain vitamin. You'll buy supplement in order for you to get that and eat it and then so you can get so you can get what you need in order for you to grow. So we find out spiritually is no different. And so because Barburn will use that. So I'll say the the revealed word of God that we have received, God has packaged it to have all the nutrients that we may need in order for us to live spiritually. And and and I want to just stress on that and I I I'll say just from my own heart that is becoming more and more a reality to me more than ever before. You know, men looks for excitement. And man looks for something a shiny object. Men looks for something that is attracted attractive. And I want to say this, you will not find what you're looking for in the attractive things. You need to focus on the word bread that's been given unto us. And I want to say within that word bread, God has put all the supplements, all the nutrients enough for you to get what you need. If you need healing tonight, there's a vitamin H for healing in there. If you need deliverance, there's a vitamin D. And if we're going to go in the rapture, we need the vitamin R for us to eat it, for it to for us to go in the rapture. It's in the word of God that we have received. It's not outside of the Bible. It's the revealed word of the end time. And that is very important because if we the what what the enemy comes with and I realize is to to try to uh uh protect the word that has been revealed unto us and begin to group it in a certain way that would attract your attention almost to make it seem like one part of it is more important than the other. The whole word of God is important to the believer. And and that's how men comes with the doctrine and one will run this way, one will run that way. They put more emphasis on one thing as if that is important than the other. No, we need all the vitamins. We we need in other word we as we gather here, our goal is rapture, but we know that God also promised us healing in this body as we move along. We we heard it. I love how uh uh Bel even put it last Sunday as he was talking and that it's so important. We realize that the believer the the natural things the healing that can happen in this flesh is important but the focus is the rapture because we can get healing and die. We we we eat but we will die in this flesh but what we would receive from God is eternal life that will never pass away. So therefore, the word of God is there to supply as we go along the journey and everything we have need of is in there. And and as believers, I I want to say this, it's important that we fell in love with our word and we eat it every day. Not not on occasion, not not just when we are sick, but every day you eat. So you are built up because the word is given to you. I want to say this and uh perhaps just jumping forward now. It's not just given for you for your defense. It's given for both defense and offense. When when something will rise, you have to have the word of God inside of you that you can speak so the enemy will stop. You don't wait until something happen then you run to the word. Oh, what can I use? No. God wants us to be a household of faith that is built up in the faith of the word of the hour, the faith of the end time. And the only way we could be built is by eating of the word of God. That that that's that was the instruction of the angel to John and said, "Eat of the book and you shall prophesy." It's not given for us to contemplate or or to study so we can gain some intellectual. No is given. Remember brotherham said this the end time message will overcome the end time challenges. So when you face ch I don't care what the challenge is tonight. I don't care whether it's natural spiritual whether it be finance the word the revealed word and the reason why I want to be putting focus in that is because there is a specially given word in the end time the entire revealed word of God. Because remember the same prophet will say the word that was given in the time of Noah, the time of Moses will do you no good. But it's the entire reveal of this hour that will produce what God wants it to produce. So it becomes very important that as believers of the message, we focus on that. Whatever the challenges I'm facing, whether I need healing, when I need the Holy Spirit, whatever I need, the focus is I need to eat the word of life, the bread of life, and the bread will produce what I have need of. The same way the natural process works, God has made it so that the spiritual process will produce the same thing. It will not fail. Why? Because God never fails. He lay out the natural process so a believer could look at the natural process and know the same God who lay out the natural process will bring forth the spiritual process. So we read the scripture and remember it says this is until the the master will say let them both grow together until the harvest time. And I know a pastor has been laboring from the standpoint of the harvest time and and I just want to come and I thought that this this is so uh it goes such so in parallel and the message in the message but preach the seed of discrepancy and and we'll just see how those goes together. He speaks in verse two it says I'm sorry paragraph 2 he says did you notice gather the ter first and bundle them up. Now reading this, there was something strange that came to me while I was sitting up on the top of the Catalina Mountains the other night. It says in prayer and I thought where could I gather a word that I could that that I could use for this and I wanted to speak on tonight. It said and I went down and I find a word I find the word of discrepancy. So um I go to the dictionary and looked and the word discrepancy means sowing discord or being contrary. So again because he would use even uh within here he I don't know if I'll have time to read it all but he would speak how he would even have a vision of of what exactly what this is. So because in my mind when I always thought about the scripture I would think uh that the master came and saw the seed and then the enemy came in the same field. Now remember it's in the same field. It's not a different field in the same field and I thought he would plant the other next to it. But bam says no he planted right on top of what what the master planted. Right on top of what the master planted. That's where the enemy is trying to do his work. Right where God is placing his seed, that's where Satan wants his seed to be also. So he said describing. So something contrary. And it says as Webster will say sewing discord discord something different. In other words, it's something that the master didn't plant. It's something that the master didn't want in the field. the enemy comes and does it being contrary to what's already uh what's already been. So I thought it says the text tonight I called it the seed of discrepancy and I trust that the Lord will bless his word now um as we approach it. So when we speak about the seed of discrepancy uh uh there's it by the very definition when we say discrepancy it means that you you you you have to already have uh the very definition of what the original was in order for you to describe what discrepancy is. So you you if there was nothing in the ground and the only seed that was sown was the enemy's seed they you couldn't say that that that's the seed of discrepancy. The only reason why it's called a seed of discrepancy is because there was already an original seed that was planted there by the master. And and I want to I want to say this when when the master is planting his seed, he's planting it for a purpose and he's planting it waiting for the harvest to produce something that he knows what is supposed to be. The master is not confused. In other words, the master didn't uh uh uh plant uh apple uh seed and waited for him to get oranges. The master whatever he planted, he knew what it would produce. He knew what he planted. He was confident in his own seed that he planted that it will produce what he wanted it because remember the law of the seed is what a seed is planted therefore the fruits will be the same so that there will be no confusion. So there has to be the original first with a purpose in mind with a goal and objective in order for us to call the other a discrepancy or something different. The discrepancy is a deviation from the original purpose. A deviation from the when when man is no longer doing what God intended for him to do. When man is no longer operating in the manner that God intended him, that's a deviation from the original purpose. When man is finding himself in sin and trespass and and the things of the world and lovers of pleasures more than God, that's a seed of the script. That was never the intended p purpose of the creation of man. And God planted in seed in order to reproduce himself. And the devil came in the same ground, the same field, the same person. and and uh forgive me uh perhaps I just want to for the sake of illustration uh remember the scripture says in Genesis that God came and he labored for seven he came and he planted and it created he created and the scripture says and after six days after uh he created man and the seventh day he rested so when he was resting that's when after that so you can take this scripture and overlay it with what happened in Genesis and realize that it's the enemy me that came and saw something that God didn't sow in the beginning. And it says the devil planted another seed that God didn't plant in order to deform the seed that was planted. The seed that the that seed of the enemy plant that that seed that the enemy planted in the field is referred to as the seed of discrepancy is something that God did not plant. something that um that that is planted in order to hinder to fight against the original seed word that God planted. And but let me just say this, that's why it's so important as believers of this message to properly identify ourselves, who we really are. Because I believe the word of of the end time has done that for us. God is not the author of confusion. And I feel like sometimes we run into that same confusion within our own self. God didn't create you a liar. He didn't create you a sinner. He didn't create you with with the the all kinds of things and the liar and the sinner and all those things. When God created you, he created you perfectly. When God thought about you in the beginning, you were perfect in his sight. Whatever you find yourself today is the seed of discrepancy. It's the enemy that did that. Don't Don't ever attribute that to yourself. understand that the enemy planted something that was never original. And and I think you say, "Why? Why do you say that?" Because I and I believe that's the battle we run into. It's our everyday battle. Every time we look at the man in the mirror, we automatically look at him as ourselves. Oh, I'm a liar and I'm this and I do that. Let me say all those things. We can track it right back into the garden of Eden where Satan saw his own seed. Let me say all those things you have inherited it from your natural parents. You have inherited it from a nature that came from the devil. All those things you've inherited it by the new by the birth by the natural birth that you came in through sin. But your true nature that God created you with is the seed. Let me say this. If God is holiness, then he cannot create out of him something that is sinful. Come on. If God is righteousness, then out of him cannot something that is unrighteous come forth. Why? When he created you, he created you in his own image. And if you are in the image of God, then you have to be perfect like he is. What whatever is happening with you is the seed of discrepancy. So God didn't make you he didn't plant sickness in your body. He didn't plan frustration. He didn't bring temper and lust and and and everything that we find oursel and somebody does this and then you lose it. Th those are the attribute of the flesh. The attributes of what happen when sin comes in. But God has placed a seed inside of you so you can feed that seed and overcome the things of the flesh. And that's why I said that it's becoming uh at least to my heart more clear why is it so important that we eat of the word bread. The the the the seed inside of you is not made to live by education or by civilization or by the things of the world. If you feed it the things of the world, it will die. Or at least, let me say this, it will not produce what God intended it to produce. The only way it can come to maturity, the only way it can produce another God is for you to feed it the original pure word of God. That's why the word is so important to a believer. Why? Because the word the pure word of God will produce a pure believer. The the challenge with life is we we've let men educate us into Christianity and we've let people uh come and give us explanation and intellectual understanding and therefore we find ourselves not overcoming and we ask why because we've gone away from the original. The only thing that can produce a true Christianity is the word of God in its purity. Amen. It's part of the seed that the enemy planted in the garden from the beginning that's been manifesting in mankind. So just as we can identify the seed of discrepancy itself in the mankind, we also as believers have to identify the seed that God planted in us. It's not a seed of discrepancy that will have a tendency or the the the seed of discrepancy doesn't have a desire to worship God. No, the the seed of discrepancy doesn't look for more of God. The seed of discrepancy doesn't say, "Oh, I can't stay home. I have to be in church." The seed of discrepancy doesn't say I need to hear the word of God so I can grow. The seed of discrepancy says is anything that's contrary to what God spoke. Anything. And I want you to say whether it's 99% or 100% fault, it's the seed of discrepancy. Amen. It's not the seed of discrepancy that that would take a human and and it will wake him up and say, "I want to go to church." That's not the spirit of discrepancy. The word says, "My sheep hear my voice. Another they will not follow." Why? What? That thing in you that that hungers for the true word of God, that hungers for the manifestation of God, that part of you that is in you that tells you that I uh when you hear the word of God and something within your heart that lifts up and say, I want what I'm hearing to become a reality in my life, that's the seed of God in you. In fact, says the only reason why you receive the word of God is because you have the spirit of God in you. He says, "So, we know that there's going to be a battle going on in the flesh and your flesh will tell you you're not going to make it. You are hypocrites and you don't have the Holy Spirit. Now I'm talking about daily battles. You know when you think you've made progress, your flesh will work up the next time and just let you know you have made zero progress. When you think you've gotten a revelation and the next you'll find out that the flesh will stand up and said, "I thought you said you got a revelation. But you see, to me, the very existence of the battle shows that there is something that's contrary. Yes, sir. And I want to say this, the opposition is built in order to run away those that don't qualify. Without the opposition, you wouldn't know those that are or those that are. Because with that, when the opposition come, those that don't that are not called will run away. But those that are called will stay there. They will fight the opposition. They will continue to fight until the very end. Why? Because they something. What you testifying is not what comes from your mind. Is what comes directly from the word that's spoken out of the seed. I I'll be terrified if my flesh told me that I was a Christian. I'm just being honest. If I woke up and my flesh told me, "Oh, you are such a good Christian. Oh, Bobby, I'll think something is terribly wrong." Why? Because then there won't be any opposition. God has made it so that when when things don't go right and when when you start sweating, when you start to get nervous about a situation and when you think you have no way out and when you think you boxed up, something within your heart rises and say, "I'm looking towards the promise that made. I'm looking towards the word that's been given to me and speak the word and move forward." That's how a believer walks. He walks by the word of God and he lets the word of God manifesting itself every day in his life. I if it wasn't for that we wouldn't be gathered here. Every one of us here gathered here tonight has an experience of when you thought it was going to be the end. When you thought you were boxed in, when you thought there was no option, when you thought there was no way out, but the seed word of God believed that there was an option for you to get out. And now word, because you believe, you receive the promise of what you were believing in. That's right. The prophet will continue on. Let me just read uh in [Music] Matthew that same verse, that same chapter uh 13 and and and 20 20 uh uh 13 and 36. It says, "Then Jesus said unto uh send a multitude away, and went into a house, and his disciple came unto him, saying, now this is after he has spoke of the parable. So now his disciples are coming to him and saying what is that parable that you spoke mean so he can give them a meaning. And he said uh he said unto his disciples saying declare unto us the parable of the tear in the field. He answered and said unto them he said uh he that saw the good seed is the son of man. It says the field is the world the world and the the good seed are the children of the kingdom but the tears are the children of the wicked one. The enemy that sow them is the devil the harvest is the end of the world and the reapers are the angels. And then it says and therefore the terrors are gather and burn in fire. Uh so shall it be in the end of the world. uh uh in the end of this world, the son of man shall send forth his angels. And then it says, "And they shall gather up gather out of his kingdom all things that offend, and them which do iniquity, and shall cast them in into a furnace of fire. There shall be whailing and and nashing of teeth, and then shall the righteous shine forth. as the son in the in the kingdom of the father who who who has an ear let him hear um let him hear the prophet now talks about this and he says that that now it says that's Jesus giving the interpretation of the parable himself and therefore we know uh we know then what the interpretation means and now as we approach this this swer the seed the the reapers uh the the the reaping Now of the interpretation it says then I believe that Jesus was speaking here you of the parable uh uh in this day but was meaning it to be in the end of the world or the end of the age. So the the prophet is now saying the the very parable that Jesus is speaking even though he spoke it in the time that they were living in but the very application of it will not be either until the end of the age or until the end of time as we are living in. It says which is this day. And I believe that this little text tonight is a very um appropriate is very appropriate for the hour that we are living in because Jesus distinctly said in here the gathering will be at the end of this world. That's when the end will be the gathering of the wheat and also the gathering of the tear burning them to take it into the wheat uh into the kingdom. And I believe it was this way. It says, "And another scripture led uh uh leads me to believe this way." I believe it's written down here in Matthew 24 and 24 where he says it says talking about the uh the the the seed the seed of discrepancy. Jesus says that the two were so uh would be so close till they would deceive the very elect if it were possible. Almost exactly the same. So in another place, it says in another place in the scripture where it's written that the rain falls on the just and the unjust. But Ram will talk about it the experience that he had with the Pentecostals. and he will talk about I believe he was in uh Indiana Mishwalker if I'm not mistaken where he went to a convention and and that's where he saw the two men speak in tongues and and he said that he heard and and he came to the meetings uh he saw them speak in tongue um uh as he was attending and I believe it was two days later or so he came and he was asked to preach and after he preached he began to look for this man so he can meet them And he said when he heard them speak in tongue, he went uh in the corn field after that because he got himself away. He went and he studied his Bible and find out that what they were speaking and the things they were doing were was perfectly scriptural. So he went when he met the first man said that the first man was absolutely a a genuine believer. But when he met the second one, he find out that this man was was an hypocrite. He was married to one wife and and and and and was was living with another had children with him and everything. And he said after that he got him confused and and he said uh two years later I believe the prophet will say he uh he would go and he was praying up on uh a certain place and he had a vision uh that came and uh where he was praying and his Bible opened up to Hebrews chapter 8 and and and then he says this. It says uh you open up in scripture uh Hebrews chapter 6 actually verse 8 it says and the scripture that was quoted is was by which uh uh the bearers dawn and breathe uh and and briars and and and rejected uh in his sight unto curse whose end is to be burned. And he said, "Then I saw a vision of two men and one running uh he went into the world of the the curve curvature of the earth and he went and he saw seed and the other one came and he saw right on top and they came both and they they saw seed and and he said one was uh dressed in white and he came and he saw the other one looked horrible and they came and they saw the seed." So it says here it says they both came up together. when it did, both was thirsty. And it says because um because a rain was needed and each one looked like uh it was praying and in his uh little head and in his little head bent over and he send it says, "Lord, send rain and send rain and the great cloud came up and the rain fell upon both of them." It says, "And when he did, the little wheat jumped up and began to praise the Lord. Praise the Lord. And the little wheat jumped up right the same. And the and the other one jumped right out the same and said, "Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord." And the vision was interpreted. The rain falls on the just and the unjust. The same spirit can fall in the meeting. Brother Bam says, "And everybody rejoicing in it, hypocrites and Christian, and all together." Exactly. Right. But what it says, what is it? It says by the fruit they shall they by the fruit by the fruit they are known. See that's the only way it could ever be known. And I thought that's a sobering thing because we we don't want to just be those that will jump. And I'm not saying jumping there's anything wrong with that. I the the true word of God will produce the fruits of God. The true word of God will produce what God intended it to produce. And then it says then you see now since uh since uh the wild oats and wild wheat and the grain sometimes impersonate the genuine domestic grain so close that it will deceive the very lack. I think we are living in a timely age when these things should be preached on and talked about. And let me say this, if we need a rapture, we need to be careful that we are only feeding on the word that was given to us. Amen. We we we don't need some demonstration of something or or somebody's intellectual understanding. But is now giving a warning to the church and saying that the enemy at the end time will be so religious that it will it will come to a place that it will be so close that it will deceive the very elect if it was possible. He will come with sign and wonders. It will come with all things. In fact, the prophet said he can impersonate all the uh the spiritual gift and he said you have to be so careful that if you are not paying attention to what is it that they're preaching, what is it that they're saying that he said that you're going to miss it. Now in fact now is saying that and the only one who can tell you what's true from what's false is the angel of the Lord. Let me just read it. Paragraph 19. It says, "Now notice in verse 41, the two were so close in the last day, if you could put it there, in the last day that he didn't they didn't he could not depend on some some certain church to separate them." So the church cannot separate it for you. You can't say, "I'm just coming to church then I'll get it." No, that's not what it takes. It says the he says it says it cannot separate them for separate them say the Methodist or the Baptist or the Pentecostal to separate them. He says he sends his angel to separate them. An angel is is coming to bring the separation the se the segregation between the right and the wrong and no one can do it but the angel of the Lord. So let me say this. The only way for you to know what the air is today is to listen to the message of the hour. The only way for you to know how am I going to walk? What is God's requirement in the end time? What is it that I need to do is to listen to the word. And let me say this, the only way you can go into the rapture is to eat the word of God tonight. Yes sir. Now remember will say part of this angel when he will come the first thing he will do he will tie all the loose ends and the things that were left out. He will do all of those things. But the other part of what he was going to do is for him to reveal the mystery truth that were hidden. And the prophet will say in those mystery truth that's where you're going to find your rapturing faith. So we we don't want to take the word of man because the word of man will lead us astray. We want to make sure that as we come to church, as we come and whether we come to church or whether we home, we are falling in love with the revealed word of the hour that will produce what God wants it to produce in our lives. Amen. The the the the the problem with people the church and us today as an individual even the prophet will say I wonder if we are sufficiently impressed with the word in our midst. People will be impressed with people jumping up and down whether be the word or not the word they're not they they are not focused on the content they are focused on the delivery. The more I scream, oh, the more it's good. Now, it doesn't matter whether you scream or don't scream. The question is, is it the revealed word of the hour? God didn't make us all the same. He made some to be uh uh more uh uh enthusiastic than the other. But if there's one thing we need to stick on is that we all receive the word of God that will produce what God wants to produce in our lives. So he said, "But the angel of the Lord, sorry I'm running out of time, but he said he's the he's the one that is going to tell which is right, which is wrong." God said he will send his angel in the last time in the last times gather. It says no angel down through the uh down through here but but the angel at the last time and you will gather together. We know that this is the coming of that this is the coming harvest time. Now he says now an angel is actually interpreted as a messenger and we see that there is a seven angels of the seven churches now. It says now and through the church ages. So God as this angel come, he comes and he reveal the mystery truth which will come and will produce the rapturing faith. This angel and and he will come and and and he's the only one who will give you the very word of God for you to eat and mature into what God wants you to do. is the only one who has received the word that the angel of revelation chapter 10 when is descending. That book is given only to the seventh earthly messenger in order for him to give you and then for you to eat. And that seed word of God in you cannot grow by anything except that word. And the reason why I'm trying to connect this is because I we we live in a time where the the people I don't know what the motive is but people want uh to be known you know they will come and and and each one has their own doctrine their own presentation and and they will come and they will put emphasis on this and you know as our pastor was saying and some will come and say Oh, it's the gift. And some will say, "Oh, it's the bride coming and it's this." It's the entire revealed word of God. It's the seven course meal that we've been presented with. We eat what we have need of. You don't you don't eat vitamin H when you need vitamin D. You go in there and you eat of the vitamin that you need in order for you to be strengthened. But you're not going to eat one vitamin and live out the other. You want to eat the whole word of God. When the lamb was given, it was to eat the whole lamb. If the first rapture or if I'll call it the first exodus, they had to eat the whole lamb and live nothing. We have to eat the whole lamb. We have to eat the whole book. And that's the only way we can produce the very son of God. But what I'm going to say, it says, notice, I believe paragraph 20. I'm not sure if it's the same message. It says, notice who said that the soul worry. He also said that the soul was the son of God. who went forth and sow and the enemy came behind him which was the devil and he saw the seed of the the seed of discrepancy behind uh the sew a right uh the behind the sewing of the the right seed. It says, "Now friends, that has happened throughout through every church age since we've had the word." Exactly. All the way from the beginning, it started the very same thing. It says, "Now, he said the seed of God, the word of God, Jesus says it's certain. It's a certain place." It said that the word is a seed. Now I want you to follow this. And every seed will bring forth of its kind. And now if the Christian, the child of God, the the the children of of the kingdom has become the seed of God, then there must be the word of God. Amen. I want you to think about that. The word of God manifested in this age. They are the living one. They are living in for the promised seed of the age of that age. God gave his word to the uh at the beginning and each age has had its seed its its time its promise. Now Noah Noah came on the scene. He was the seed. It was the seed of God. the word of God for that age. When Moses come, he could not be with Noah's message. It wouldn't work because he was the seed of God at that time. Then with Christ, when Christ came, he could not come with Noah or Moses age. He w he says it was it was in his time. It was his time. A virgin a virgin to conceive and bring forth a son. he would uh uh he would be the uh the Messiah. It says now we've lived through Luther, Wesley's age, Methodist age, all down through the ages and the Pentecostal ages. And each age is given a promise of the word and the people of that age, the manifest that that manifest that promised word is the seed of that age. Let me say this. You are the word of this age. You are the promise of this age. You say how the prophets say that they shall be an overcomer in this age. You are here because that word is coming into manifestation. You are here because remember the seed is not called to remain seed but is called to bring into manifestation. So if God said there will be an overcomer, somebody has to eat the word. Somebody has to be called out from denomination. Somebody has to be called out from sin. That word has to come into manifestation. So when we eat of the word, when we came, when he brought us out of sin, when he cleans us from our sin, what is he doing? Is showing unto you. So you will know that you are the seed of in this age. Why? Because you are becoming the manifestation of what was spoken of. But it's not the flesh. He has nothing to do with the flesh. You think in the state that you were in that if someone came and he told your flesh and said, "I'm going to get you out of sin," the flesh was going to say, "Yes, do that." The flesh was enjoying it. The seed was miserable. Right? The seed kept asking question. The flesh was there and partaking of the things of the world and all of that, but the seed was miserable. So God brings his word to pass or God uh uh uh uh he he he takes his own word and he brings it to pass. Now he has to do it for you so you can know his word is a reality. So God cannot say there will be an overcomer at this age and we are here all in sin and say oh yeah that's true. No somebody has to manifest the word. Somebody has to show that the word is true. Somebody has to show that this word will come to pass. Let me say this. It's the same word that brought you out of sin. It's the same. Why did he bring you out of sin? He's not going to take you and make you a Christian overnight and and you go to a rapture the next day. No, he has to take you through the stages so you can know that what you have received is the truth. What is it? It's the Holy Spirit working and bringing the word of God into manifestation into your life. Amen. So you would know the benefits of what it is to eat of the word of God. I feel like sometimes we forget the very benefit of that word. Our conversion came by hearing somebody speak. But Ram says you you heard somebody even I I remember sitting there you hearing the word and and you were probably not even paying attention. I don't even remember what I was hearing. But I didn't know what I was hearing until I went somewhere else and heard something else. I said, "This doesn't sound like it. That sounded a lot better." Amen. What was it? It was the word spoken. That word contacted the seed and he began to bring the seed into maturity. He began to bring the seed into birth. What was he doing? He was showing you that the word, my word, is a reality. My word will provide you the nutrients. My word will give you the vitamins. My word will give you everything that you have need of so you can be the giant that can overcome sin. But but what I'm saying it talks about Jesus. He says he came and he said it is written. Now this is the most gifted man that there was on earth. the most gifted man that there was on earth. He could point his finger and and cause the enemy to disappear if he wanted to. He could speak a word and the whole place will change and he could even as the devil was tempting him. But brother said he knew that there will be others that will come like him. They may not be gifted as he was. And he knew the only thing that he could give them is the word. Why? Because if they can use the same word, they will overcome. And he looked at the devil and he says, "It is written." Now, my question to you is, where was he written? That's right. What was he quoting? He was letting the devil know the original intention of what God created men for. I'm here to represent that. Man was not made to be under your rule. made was not made to fall by you. It is written. In other word, before I can show up here, there was a decision made up in heaven. There was a word that was spoken and I'm here to represent that word. So when you say it is written, you are quoting the original word, the original intention that God wanted with his word. Satan perverted it by education, science and others. Now we say when we say the word we can't see far past our hands. When we speak in our mind we are seeing the conversion just of our circumstance that we are in. That's not going to work. What? When you speak the word, you are calling for the authority of God, the original plan of God that was in the beginning to come and be manifested in your life. It's not just so you can overcome a temporary circumstance. It's so that you can summon. You said, "I'm finding myself this before this circumstance, and I know that God said it is written in his word, and I can quote that Bible. I can quote that word and see the same intention that God had in the beginning come and be manifested. The prophet will say that's why he told us he said the word of God will overcome the devil under any circumstance any place. Why? Because whatever circumstance you are in, that word will come and be there and come and be manifested for what God spoke it to be. The living word of God, the bread of life. If the musician could come, the original intention of God speaking and us walking into that manifestation. I've always marveled about Jesus and the very God of creation himself. He didn't have a place to lay his head. He was so reliant on God that he didn't have a house. He didn't know what his next meal was going to be. He knew that the proud father will provide. But yeah, we are and we have jobs, we have cars, we have savings. Something will happen and oh my savings is going to go away. The stock market is going down. Oh, how am I going to pay my bills? He perfectly laid himself in the word every bit of what he was. Now the prophet said that the only difference between him and Nazi says now he had an understanding because he didn't bapt bypass the theophony. He had the original intention of God within him and he knew that God will keep his word. But we bypass that to be tempted. But in the end time the original mind has been revealed to us. So we have no excuse. We saw one walk among us who didn't care where what's going to happen and who didn't care whatever circumstance he found himself in. Who knew that the father will take care of it no matter what. He came and he showed us the first fruit. The first fruit not of the one that came from heaven but one that was born from sin. So we can look and have a representation. Yes sir. confidence in the word. God cannot speak a word and see that go in vain. And I'm not speaking I believe when I say the word, we constantly think about the pages of this. I'm talking about you. I'm talking about God's desire to see things happen. I'm talking about what God purposed in his mind to happen. This is just a record of the things which he said. And one of them that he said that he will have an overcomer at the end time. That's why he could stand up and say when the weakest Christian when he gets on his knees the whole hell trembles. Those are not uh uh great sounding words so we could just claim them. Those are the reality of the living God into the life of a believer. Hallelujah. Those are not buzz words so we can hear and say, "Oh, I've heard that before." No, that is a promise. That is the reality of God. That is God in action. But it can only come by the bread word of God. Not by imagination, not by feelings, but by the word, seed word, bread word. I'm eating it. And as as as much as the natural will produce, as much as the spiritual will also produce, I can wake up. It doesn't matter whether I feel I'm in heaven or I feel like I'm standing before the devil himself. As long as his word is in my heart, I know I will overcome because his ne his word will never fail. He said if Jesus will go to the cross over a backsliding prophet promise and he will knew that God will not keep his righteous one in hell or he will not let corruption touch his body. How much more we that have seen the resurrection of Jesus Christ. You say we've seen the resurrection. Yeah. You are the very proof of that resurrection. Let me say that without that resurrection you couldn't live right. You couldn't talk right. We are the very proof of that resurrection. Why? Because we see it manifested every day. And he didn't stop there. He came and gave you the very book. It says every promise in the book is yours. You saw me speak, now you speak. The problem with men is we constantly look for human leadership. You know, we want somebody to be there and to be the one doing the speaking and we'll just what? No, that those times are over. That was in the seven church ages. In the end time when he came and he revealed himself, he changed the leadership from that to the leadership of the Holy Spirit where God himself will lead you in your heart will talk to you and take this word and make it a reality to you. He doesn't want us to get excited to some some men's teaching after you've gotten all the intellectuals. You walk away exactly the same way you came. What good is that for? But the seed word, bread word will produce what God promised it will produce. Let's not stray away from it. Let's hold it in high regard. Let's not get tired of it. Let's eat it every day. And I guarantee you as you eat naturally and it will produce, this spiritual bread will bring himself to come to pass. Let's all stand. [Music] Man, I trust it was something said that would encourage your heart tonight. Then [Music] [Music] I don't know about you, but my heart is just not looking for excitement anymore. The days of excitement have come and gone. The days of the thunder is come and gone. And the day of the strong wind is come and gone. And we live in the day of the still small voice. It's years. So he himself can lead his church. And and I don't want to get caught in anything except his own word. Him speaking. He said that angel will come and he will show you the way. And he will come and he will tell you what would be right, what's going to be wrong. I don't want to be caught up in anything. I want to just eat the bread and let it walk. Eat the bread and let it be manifested. Eat the bread and let it lead me. I want to see within my own body, my own flesh, my own spirit. I want to see that word continually manifested. That's my heart desire. Let's just bow our heads. Our gracious father, we're so thankful for all that you do for us, Lord. Lord, you said that men shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeded out of the mouth of God. Lord, and tonight we came here, I believe we were gathered here to just hear you speak through us and that bread. And Father God, and I could just speak for myself sometimes. I'm so hungry, Lord. [Music] And father, hungry for the manifestation of what you promised, Lord. And and I just don't want to be caught up with within the understanding of men's intellect, but I want that reality of the word that you promised to come to pass. I pray tonight Lord as we gather here Lord and perhaps spoken with the intention that we should keep our focus only on what you said you would do Lord [Music] and with the intention Father that if you made a promise you're going to keep it with the intention that the scripture says you will hear today behold is here behold is there it says don't know that you promise just as the sun will rise and it sets that's the same way you will do with your word oh God as sure as we see you manifested within the natural things that you will do it in the spiritual also father I pray that you move us by your spirit and fill us with your holy ghost oh God that we may walk by the way which you have provided Lord forgive our shortcomings ings if we find ourself astray from the place which you've called us Lord and that we may focus on one thing only Lord and that is which that which you have promised Lord we commit everything to you Lord and I pray father even for those requests that we write tonight and and if there be any sick among us Lord I pray that you may just go by the way oh God and Father touch them and heal the body and the spirit that they may know that your word is a reality oh God, you promise that you will interpret your word in the hearts of the believer by bringing it to come to pass. And our desire is to see you manifested every day and bringing your word to come to pass. Lord, we love you tonight. We commit everything we are to you. We remember our pastor, Lord, and we pray that you just touch his body, Lord, and make him well. And Lord, restore his strength. And Lord, we remember all of those that couldn't be here, Lord. Father, our heart's desire as your children is always to walk in the way that thou has made to live the life that's worthy of the gospel that we have received. We thank you and commit everything that we are and ask this in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing now. [Music] Oh, I look [Music] back and feel my [Music] unve but I Keep on dwelling on some past memory. Oh, it is the same God living in peace. Oh, and the same God spoke to. All the [Music] [Music] anging raing. [Music] Oh, and is the same God. [Music] Hallelujah. Sing verse. Oh, the same God who created all the heaven and on the earth. [Music] came back living in Jesus for there was power in his [Music] word this last day for beginning hallelu is the [Music] God. Oh, and the sing. [Music] Oh, go and sing [Music] as the same God who are raing. We praise you for he is the same God is living in me. Let's sing that second verse [Music] again. The same God who created all the heaven earth. Oh, he came back living in Jesus and there was power in his word. But now I'm beginning to see. [Music] Oh, he's the same God who's living with the same God who [Music] sp the same wonders. are too many to tell. The same [Music] God are raing. Oh, he's the same God who's [Music] living. Hallelujah. Sing you are God alone. You are not a god [Applause] ced by human head. You are not a god dependent on any mortal man. You are not a God in need of anything we can give by your grace that's just awaiting. You're the only God who you're the only God whose power. [Music] You're the only God whose name. Praise will never bring. You're the only God who's worthy of everything we need. For you are God. That's just the way. For you are God. before time be. You are on your throne God. You are right now. Right now in the good times and bad. Oh, you are on your God alone. You are God. the only God. Oh, and you're the only God who's [Music] power. You're the only God who's praise. You're the only God who's worthy of everything we can give. You are God. That's just the way you are. God alone before time. You are on your right now in the good times and you are on your unchangeable. You are unchangeable. You're [Music] unshable. That's what you are. You're unchable. You're unstoppable. That's what you are. You are not alone from before time. You are on your alone. You are alone right now. right now in the good times and oh you are unchangeable unchangeable you're unshable that's what you Oh, you're unchangeable. You're unshakeable. You're unstoppable. That's what you are. You are not from before time. You are on your throne. God alone. You are God alone. And right now right now in the good times and bad. You are on your throne. You are God alone. Hallelujah. Ask brother Daniel to come and pray for us. Close out the service. Let's bow our heads. Heavenly Father, Lord God, believe we can all truly say, Lord, it was a blessing to be in your house of worship this evening, Lord, to hear the words of life that were given, Lord, and just the words of encouragement, Lord, telling us that, Father Lord, that what we see right now is not who we are, Lord God. But, Lord, the word that was spoken about us, Lord, is what we will be, Father Lord. And it won't be by us, but it will be by you, Lord God. By your power and by your might, Lord. And I just pray that, Father, we take the words that we heard tonight, Lord. And we don't just let it sit in the pew or just stay in the sanctuary, bro. We take it and and apply to our lives, Father Lord. And that we put it within ourselves, Father, and live it every single day, Lord God. That Lord, we would overcome day by day, Lord, and fulfill the word day by day, Lord God, and take the word in its entirety, Lord God, and just apply it to our lives. I pray and ask that you would just bless us as we go out of here, Lord God. That your word would stay with us. That your spirit would linger around us, Lord. That Lord, even when we throughout the rest of this week and we come back Sunday, that Lord, we would have testimonies to tell each other and just wonderful fellowship with one another. Lord, I pray and ask that your word would just take manifest and take prereeminence in our lives every single day. That you're the first thing in our minds and in our hearts, Lord. That we continue to serve you with all that we have. I just commit this to you and our Lord God and just bless each and every heart that gathered and that was able to listen in as well. We commit to you now in Jesus name. Amen. Hallelujah. Let's sing this song. The song of this missile. My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus blood and righteousness. Oh, I dare not trust the sweetest frame. Oh, but holding trust in Jesus name. My hope is built. When my hope is built on nothing than Jesus blood and righteousness, I dare not trust the sweetest praise. Oh my holy trust in Jesus name. Christ alone. Christ alone. [Music] Be strong in the Savior through the story. He is Lord, Lord of all. When darkness seems to hide his face. Oh, and when darkness seems to hide his face, I rest on my changing gra every heart and stormy g. Oh my anger holds within the veil. Christ alone. Christ for we made strong in the Savior and through the sword. He is Lord, Lord of all. His oath, his covenant. Oh, when his old days come and let his blood for me the welling flame all around my soul give way. Oh, he that is all my hope and stay Christ alone. Christ the [Music] Lord stone be made strong in the Savior and through the Lord. He is oh Lord of all. When he shall come with trumpet. Oh and when he shall come with trumpet sound. Oh only I can be found. [Music] rest in his rightousness alone. Oh, found this to stand before the throne. You're Christ alone. Christ the Lord for us. be made strong in the Savior's love and through the SP. He is Lord. [Music] for tonight. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. [Music]
