################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-18 - [2025-05-18am] Recognizing Our Calling | Pastor David McGeary Sr. - David McGeary Sr - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-18
Title:   [2025-05-18am] Recognizing Our Calling | Pastor David McGeary Sr.
Speaker: David McGeary Sr
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wMVqzUYjl38
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] And it's all in that this morning. And so good to be gather in the house of God. [Music] Amen. Oh, and you are my strength when I am weak. You are the treasure that I seek. Oh, and you are my ally. Oh, I seek in you as a preious to the Holy Ghost. Oh, and you are my [Music] all. Oh [Music] Jesus. Oh lamb of God. Oh worthy. [Music] your way. Oh [Music] Jesus, you're lamb of God. Oh worthy your name. [Music] Oh, and taking my sin, my cross, my shame. Rising, I bless your name. Oh, and you are my ally. Oh. [Music] Oh, and when I fall down, you lift me up. When I am dry, you fill my cup. Oh, and you are my all. [Music] Oh Jesus, your lamb of God. Oh worthy your [Music] name Jesus. Lamb of God, worthy. Sing that second verse [Music] again. Oh, I'm taking my cross. Oh, and rising early. I'll bless your name. Oh, and you are [Music] my Oh, and when I fall down, you lift me up. Oh, and when I am right, you feel my heart. Oh, and you are [Music] my Oh, Jesus Christ of God. Oh, worthy. [Music] Jesus of God, worthy. Amen. Amen. I trust that you're all in all this morning. Amen. When you dry, it fills your cup. And when you're tired, it picks you up. Whatever you have need of, he's here to accomplish that because that's his promise to the believer. Amen. Brother Stefan, if we could just come and open our service in prayer this morning. Amen. I would like with all my heart to tell you he is here. He is here. Let him talk to your heart this morning. Open your heart. Open your mind. Be open what God wants to tell you today this morning. Don't let be preoccupy your mind with everything else. Be here with your heart, with your mind, with your soul, and he will touch you. That's right. He will talk to you. You will never go back out the same how you come in. That's the truth, brothers. So, let's approach God and open our heart and mind. See, Lord, I'm here. Do whatever you want with me, Lord. I'm here. Yes, I'm open book. Where can I go hide in front of you, Lord? If I'm going up, you are there. If I'm going all the way down, you are there. Where can I go and hide myself? Where? Nowhere. That's right. Because God is everywhere. So, he's here presenting this morning. Let's pray God. Heavenly Father, we want to thank you for everything what you did for us. Amen. David said, "A day in your your your your church, in your yard, Lord, make more than a thousand or ever can be." Therefore, we are here today to glorify your name. We are here to to feel your presence, Lord. You're not here together just to see each other. We are here to feel you, Lord. And you, if you if we seek, you will let you be find. If you knock, you will open every door, Lord. Therefore, we are here to feel your presence. Let your whole word, let your singing, let let everything we do here, it's for your worship, for your glory. Lord, you deserve all the glory. You deserve all the worship. You are the only God. Lord, in this darkness of this world, we want to be a light in this world, Lord. We want to be a light everybody around us to see in us you Lord. We want to bless your word. We want to bless everything what we do here. Want to bless bless the the the the people in the church Lord. Let's receive your word. Let's be a change in your li in our lives. Let's be a change in our mind. Let's be a change in our attitude Lord. How we can follow you Lord with all our heart, with all our power, everything what is in us Lord. We want to dedicate our life, our family, Lord. Everything what you give it to us. We want to give you back with everything 100%. Not 80, not 90, not 99, 100% we dedicated today to you, Lord. Want to bless the church, but every service what we do today in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you this morning. Want to welcome everyone in the house of God. Amen. And I trust like Alberta said, you are here this morning and you want to be 100%. Amen. Want to welcome all our visitors and you could turn around and welcome someone. Amen. I know sister Tini's dad was here visiting with us. We certainly welcome him. Amen. This morning, man, why don't we turn our Bibles to our psalm reading Psalm 8. I'll read the first and you'll read the second. will join together in the last Psalm 8 said, "Oh Lord our God, how excellent is thy name in all the earth who has set thy glory above the heavens. When I consider thy heavens and the work of thy fingers, the moon and the stars which thou had ordained, for thou has made him a little lower than the angels, and has crowned him with glory and honor. All sheep and oxen. Yeah. And the beast of the field. Oh Lord our God, how excellent is thy name in all the earth. Amen. Is he excellent this morning? Amen. You may have your seats. KFC. Amen. Oh my heart was distressedness of all my great frown and lo in the pit where my sins wrapped me. Now I cry to the Lord from the deep. My reclaim tenderly brought me out of Oh me. Oh and he set my feet on the rock to stay. He wrote a song to my soul to a song of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, and he placed me upon my side. Oh my s were as salish was he above. Oh [Music] no. I remain my strength by his grace until the ground. Oh me. Oh, and he set my feet on the rock to stay. He wrote a song to my soul today. A song of praise might. Oh, and he gave me a song. some of my day and my life is restored out. Oh my heart and I pray I pray. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh my god. Oh, and he set my feet on the rock to stay. He put a song to my soul today. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, and I see love is wonderful. It's a victory to you this morning. Hallelujah. His goodness I sing. He [Music] sing and I till he shall hear the truth. [Music] Oh my god. Oh my feet on the rock to [Music] stay today. [Music] Oh, and I tell of the king with his glorious. Oh, and I praise his father. Oh, and I sing my new song of love. Join in the corners with the same. Oh, [Music] I set my feet on the [Music] rock. He puts a song in my soul. A song of praise. Hallelujah. Oh, I sing the wondous love of Jesus. For I sing his mercy. Oh, let me [Music] just let him prepare for us and like we [Music] all rejoicing. Oh, and when we all see Jes. Oh, I will sing and shout the victory. Oh, and what we want. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh, all traveling. over. Oh sh and when we [Music] are to Oh, I wonder. Oh, [Music] I see Jesus. blessing and shout victory. Oh, thank you to [Music] Oh my god. [Music] See Jesus who will sing and [Music] sh to the hallelujah. There's a price before us this morning. Oh, I see the head over and the streets are gone. When we [Music] all rejoice and I will be singing Jesus who will sing and the victory. Oh, when angel ces my soul to the Lord I cry for Jesus for me. Hallelujah. [Music] I will [Music] [Applause] [Music] not touch Jesus. I didn't make it before. Oh, and I say the days of [Music] our courage for us to [Music] I wouldn't I [Music] would answer Jesus for it. [Music] s my love when I hear my pray but I preach it this [Music] morning I would not [Music] Oh, I would [Music] be. Oh, Jesus came. [Music] Oh, let's sing [Music] again. Oh my lord. When I hear my praise and when I praise him for the word and my [Music] I will [Music] be till Jesus. I want to be [Music] I would love to Jesus came. Hallelujah. Hallelu Hallelu. Amen. Amen. Aren't you glad you heir of the promise this morning? Amen. There's nothing that can stop you from receiving that promise. Amen. He'll come himself and make the promise true. Amen. We have a special from Jesseline Cab if you could come at this time and right after that, brother Joelle will bring his. Amen. [Music] Every day [Music] Oh, come [Music] [Applause] [Music] Say we [Music] Oh, those are [Music] on to [Music] May he [Music] Oh yeah. Oh yeah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Halleluah. Oh Lord, I sh We say no. [Music] Le [Music] morninglu we [Music] to share. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Adore a singer. [Music] Merlu peace. [Applause] [Music] or Mr. [Music] for the poor. [Music] cast the [Music] Carpenter [Music] is broken. [Music] [Music] Foreign [Music] for grand. [Music] [Music] [Music] Moment to be [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] Sorch. Fore! Foreign! Foreign! [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] Amen. Aren't you thankful this morning? We we're here watching those that have been called from every tongue and kindred and nation and under the face of the earth and glorifying the Lord Jesus Christ for all that he's done for us. Amen. Um we have a baby announcement. Brother Samuel and sister Naomi would like to announce the arrival of the baby boy Micah Samuel Bak. Uh [Applause] Amen. Uh, let me make sure I get the measurement right. It weighs 6 lb and 10 oz and it was uh 18.2 in long. Amen. Amen. We certainly thank the Lord for that. Uh also don't forget brother David announced that uh if you play an instrument uh anybody who plays any music instrument and you're interested in helping um with the musicians um please uh we're going to have a meeting today. Please uh uh uh stay behind after service this morning. uh if you really uh would interested in helping we certainly there will be a lot of people traveling would like to talk to you and find out how you can help. Amen. Amen. Um this morning we have some announcements and requests would like to remember uh brother Jose writes um God bless you all. Please pray for my wife. Please pray for my wife. uh she will have a major uh incision at the end of the month and it says pray that the Lord will have everything under his control. We believe in a miracle. Amen. Amen. Amen. Sister Grace Kaniki writes, "Please report. I'd like to thank the Lord for his grace. He helped me graduate. As of yesterday, I received my bachelor degree in computer science and system. God bless you. God be the glory." Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. Sister Rebecca writes, "God bless you all. I'm thankful uh to the Lord for granting my daughter uh Leila another year, and I ask that the Lord will fill him with the Holy Spirit." Amen. Amen. We're certainly thankful for that. Amen. Um Brother Jose Wright, um please pray for Elena. um a compost and um he has a sister in Mexico and she's been hospitalized. I pray that God um uh will come on the scene and give her a healing touch. Amen. Amen. Amen. Also want to remember uh Brother Jeff this morning. I know there's many that are not here. Uh Brother David Jr. is not here. Brother Ma uh Matthew is not here. and those that are traveling, we certainly would like to remember them this morning. Amen. If you have a need upon your heart, just lift your hand up to him. Amen. The brothers that are taking the offerings this morning, if you could come. Amen. Brother Jonathan, if you could just come and take this knees before the church. Amen. God bless you. Let us all pray. Gracious heavenly father, Lord God, we just love you so very much, Lord, this morning for our health and strength, Lord, and being with us, heavenly father, Lord God, throughout the week and putting a desire in our hearts, Lord God, to be in service, Lord God, and to worship you and praise your name, Lord God. We're a blessed people, heavenly father, this morning. And so we would just want to thank you, heavenly father, Lord God, for that, Lord. And you've heard each request, Lord God, this morning. See the needs of each heart that's represented, each uplifted hand, heavenly Father, nothing's too hard for you, Lord God. And Lord God, you see the faith Lord God that's within our hearts Lord God to bring these petitions Lord God before you to intervene Lord God to change the course uh that's before us Lord God to make all things right Lord and new and heavenly father we just thank you Lord God for Lord God just your power Lord to to help us Lord God along the way. Thank you, Lord God, for these uh announcements, Lord, of life and uh again, just how good you've been to us. And Lord God, these tithes and offerings, Lord God, that's been taken up, Lord, and seeing the needs of the church, Lord God, the ministry, Lord God, you know exactly how to meet the need. You know how to uh multiply, Lord God, what's been brought in. And we just want to commit it into your precious hands, Lord. And just praying, Lord God, that you have your way. and for the rest of the service. Heavenly Father, we just want to lift up the name of Jesus, Lord God, this morning. Count it all glory, Lord God. All that's done and said, in the name of Jesus Christ, we we ask and pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Let's just sing that as we invite the Sunday school for this special this morning. Oh Lord, I come to you. Let my heart be changed. Greater flowing from the grace that I found in you. [Music] Oh, and Lord, I've come to know the weaknesses I see in me. Oh, and it will be stripped away by the power of your love. [Music] Hold me close. Let that love surround me. Oh, and bring me draw me to your side. Oh, and I I rise up like an eagle and I also with you. Oh, your spirit leads me on in the power of your love. Oh, I know. in my eyes. Let me see you face to face the knowledge of your love. Oh, as you live in me. Oh, and Lord, we need Oh, and as your will unfold in my life, in living every [Music] day, in the power of your [Music] love, hold me [Music] Let your love surround me. Oh, and bring him. Oh, and draw me to your side. Oh, and as I rise up like an eagle and I will your spirit leads me in the power of your love. [Music] [Music] Who will be the first to the I will be The one who will stand in the gap, who will watch and pray. I will be the one who will walk with its brothers in unity. Who will live by faith and integrity? who will say to the Lord, "Here am I send me. I will be the one. I will be the one that God is looking for. I will be ashamed. In the name of the Lord, I'll stand and proclaim I will be the one. Yes, I will be the one. [Music] Like a city on a hill who will shine a light. I will be the one in a world of darkness who will hold it high. I will be the one who will trust in the Lord for the rest of his day. Who will honor the Lord in each and every way? who will give God the glory and all of the praise. I will be the one. I will be the one that God is looking for. I will never be ashamed. In the name of the Lord, I stand and proclaim, I will be the one. Yes, I will be the one. Who will be the first to lead the way? I will be the one who will stand in the gap, who will watch and pray. I will be the one who will walk with his brothers in unity. who will live by faith and integity. Who will say to the Lord here am I send me? I will be the one. I will be the one that God is looking for. I will never be ashamed. In the name of the Lord, I said and proclaim, I will be the one. Yes, I will be the one. I will be the one that God is looking for. I will never be ashamed. [Music] In the name of the Lord, I stand and proclaim, I will be the one. Yes, I will be the one. Yes, I will be the one. [Applause] [Music] Jesus tore his gospel 5,000 faithful souls who stayed and listened all day long to every word he spoke. Jesus sought to feed them all, but his disciples said, "There's only two small fishes here and five loaves of bread." With Jesus, nothing is impossible. We can build on a single drop of faith. And with Jesus, all the good we ever do can provide in countless ways. No matter how small our efforts may be, Jesus can make them great. [Music] Jesus and broke the bread. The meager portion grew. The people ate till they were filled. And there was extra food. So when you think it can't be done, it's worth remembering. Together, you and Jesus can accomplish [Music] anything. Jesus, nothing is impossible. He can build on a single drop of faith. with Jesus. All the good he ever do can be multiply in countless ways. [Music] No matter how small our efforts may be, Jesus can make the [Music] [Applause] Amen. Wonderful. Just give a hand of clap for those the teachers and all those that participated. God bless you. Amen. Amen. It just works so beautifully, man. What an effort. You know, I have four kids to just keep them in line. It's not easy. How much more this many? And and to just have them sing in unison, it's just a blessing. Amen. We thank the Lord for all those behind the effort and everything. Key of G as they go. Amen. Oh, once my heart and soul were fed there. Oh, by the binding chain of sin. Oh by the great [Music] impass for he said we praise and worship him. Oh we singing glory glory high. Let's all stand and sing it out by our pastor this morning. [Music] overlasted me his holy [Music] name. Oh, he a great man. [Music] Oh my god. [Music] and oh so helpless hand [Music] alone. Oh by the seeking sheer [Music] mountain. Oh he led me to the father's world. We sing [Music] God [Music] Holy [Music] name the great [Music] man. That's the song of love. [Music] Amen. You believe that? Our father God, you so wonderful, emancipated, set free, all the chains broken, Lord, just restored again to every liberty that we had in you. We ask, Father, that you bless us and help us today in this service. We commit it to you. May the people be fed, Father. May they be lifted up. May they be encouraged, Father. May we grow in our great calling. We ask it in Jesus precious and holy name we pray. Amen. You may be seated. We have a baby dedication this morning. So, we'll dedicate a baby. I told Billy he's going to have to start dedicating the baby. He's pretty sick. So, I'm getting a little nervous to hold them. Amen. But, uh, uh, brother, uh, Dan and Sister Giovanni uh, Kaya is going to dedicate their son Gia this morning. So, if they'd come at this time and we'd like to uh dedicate this beautiful little child You can hold them. Congratulations, sister. I know you did all the work, didn't you? Amen. Dan, God bless you. Can you hold the baby up for them all to see there this morning? Just Amen. They're so Aren't they beautiful at this age? the Lord. There they are. Amen. The future Sunday schooler, if the Lord terries and uh uh we're just grateful for that. So, brother, we're going to ask you to say a prayer over your son and then we'll pray together. Yeah. I wanted to give testimony. Okay. Go ahead. Uh I want to thank God because uh she went through a lot during the They see a lot of scary moments when they told her that the baby was growing slowly and uh that they saw something inside her or her her stomach that couldn't feed a baby. And uh after a while, all I told her was just praying. Just leave everything in God's hands cuz he's a uh come on the biggest the biggest doctor that we have. So, and uh couple months later on, she went back to the hospital and then they told her that the baby was good and they didn't know what they said the first time. So, I just want to thank God that he's doing well today. So, that's good. All right, let us all pray together. Go ahead. Pray for your child dedicated to the Lord. foreign. Amen. Amen. Let's all pray together. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, have we heard the testimony, Father, that the they thought there was going to be great troubles and great problems. But they went to the great physician and the great physician laid his hand upon this life and father brought it forth safe into this world because it has a purpose. Now, Father, we bring this child back to you and dedicate it back to you this morning and ask that you keep this family. May it grow and prosper and be in good health. Father, may you expand their gates and enlarge their barns. Father, we just ask that you bless this, keep them safe, keep them in the will of the Lord, and may you fulfill the great purpose that you put forth in this life. We ask it in Jesus precious name we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you, my brother, sister, so much. Amen. Well, it's nice to be in the house of the Lord this morning. Uh thank you musicians so much this morning. Um um we're we're just grateful to today was our last Sunday school uh for the summer. So, uh our Sunday school teachers get a break. So, uh, some of you are going to have to start watching your children a little longer. Uh, so, uh, we do that. This is getting to be vacation season. So, uh, again, we just wanted to meet with anybody that plays an instrument, would like to play an instrument, would like to help us if you just stop by right after service to let let us know. Amen. um this morning. Um we know that when we started this year that um the desire of our heart and what was put on our heart is what is our path forward? In other words, we've we've come a long way. We've we've been on a a long journey. It's been uh uh years that we've been in the word of God and we've watched the word of God grow o over the years as it's been revealed to us, as it's been opened up to us. And we believe that God's got a great plan for its church. And the church has a great victory ahead of it. And we want to be a part of that. And we want to find the the part of that. And so we, you know, we've uh we've come down the uh the the road quite a ways from when I first came into the message. The only thing that we knew when the the only revelation we had was that Malachi 4:5 was fulfilled. That's all we knew. that God sent a prophet and that prophet was supposed to come before the great and dreadful day of the Lord and and we were in the Sodom time and it and uh and this was it. This was the forerunner for the we never even knew that we had a part in the plan. We never even understood the perfection that God wanted to bring us to the things that he wanted to show us. the things he wanted us to understand that he wanted to have fellowship with us and he wanted us to realize that we were his children and and now we've we've come to a place where uh I think the Lord really wants us to latch a hold of and understand our election and our calling and Uh uh if I you know if I uh had a title for this I I'm I I want to play a a a portion of the the message this morning. I think I left it in on my desk but no here it is. Uh but I I'd like it to kind of be titled or the thought that I want us to get in our mind is you know recognizing our calling. you know, understanding how that God called us and and the way that he went about doing it and uh what what it was that uh the power of God to us is. And you know a lot of questions and a lot of uh uh focus has been put on on you know being born again. You know being born again and uh and I wanted to play something this morning to you uh 30 minutes out of the message Easter Seal. Well you say that's a that's a a Easter message. know Easter's every day for us. Amen. It's the resurrection. And so when we talk about uh what is the Holy Spirit, you know, what is mean to be born again? What does it mean? And the scripture tells us in Romans the 8th chapter and it says, "But if the spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his spirit that dwelleth in you." Now, the spirit that was in Jesus that rose him from the dead, that is the Holy Spirit. That is the Holy Spirit. It is the spirit of God. And that is promised to us. You understand? And I we're going to we're going to play this 30 minutes then just touch on a few aspects of it. But that is God's gift to us. Eternal life is God's gift to us. Every obstacle was mo moved out of the way. And so the spirit of God is the Holy Spirit. It's not a third person of the trinity. It's not like an anointing. It's when a life that you don't possess as a human being finds you and then takes and dwells in you. Now you have within you his spirit. Are you still in this flesh? Yes. Are have you already been raptured? The question would be, well, if you have the spirit in you, it will quicken your mortal body. So, the prophet of God's going to use the word potential because he wants you to understand that. He wants you to understand this gift of God, the spirit of God, the same spirit that raised him up that he sent back to you. Now, you didn't seek it. It sought you. It found you. He He There was something in you that he put there. And then the spirit began to move out. And he's going to I'm saying the things that you're going to hear him say because I want it to settle in your heart is that he said it was like the eagle that went looking for its lost uh its lost uh child. The he knew it had an egg. It knew it it laid two eigllets and one was missing. So it went searching for it. That's what the Holy Spirit was. It was like the eagle searching for all that it was there. And then when it found you, it called to you and you responded to that call because there was something in you to respond to that call. And then you begin to see that you're a part of a plan. You're part of a calling. you're part of the will of God. This is the way he chose it. He'll also talk about a magnet, how that there was a great steel and and when the uh the uh uh after they were done working all day long and the little trimmings fell on the ground, a great magnet swept across the ground and everything that was magnetized to it uh was taken up and everything that wasn't magnetized to it was left alone. and and and then you begin to see that that you were magnetized to this. You were made to connect to the magnet. Now, all these things are are are God is trying to establish with you because faith comes by hearing and hearing by the word of God. And he wants you to establish and have it established in your heart that that he is the one that picked you. He is the one that chosen you. He is the one that's going to do the work in you. He is the one that's going to complete the work because he wants you to have faith in the potential that you have. So he you say, "Am I raptured?" I'm not raptured yet, but I have the rapture in me. I have the spirit of the rapture in me. So therefore, I can I can I can work according to what's within me. And and I just love the way that that he explains it. And so if I don't know some of you uh I I'm not real familiar with all you can do on on things, but I know some of you can have your phones, you can have your tablets, and you can mark as we go through this this morning. But uh we're we're going to start uh we're going to start on uh in the Easter seal and we're going to start uh I think it's about paragraph uh uh I think it's about paragraph I think it was was it paragraph 60 Gary? What? We're going to start on paragraph 61 and we're going to go to the end of paragraph 24. And it's just about 35 minutes. I won't speak long after this, but I'm going to read a few statements to you ahead of time and and then uh so uh and and then we will listen to it together. And I hope that this fortifies you this morning. But he he he makes this statement in paragraph 66. He says, "There was thousands there that had had obeying an hour past, but there was a present tense hour. That was the hour that Jesus was to appear. And there stood the word. There stood the people. And here was the manifestation of God taking place to vindicate that that was the truth. Now he makes that statement and there was the people right there was the word the fulfillment of Malachi 4. letting me know that this is a present tense hour. So this morning, you are a different people. You are a called out people. You are a separated people. That there's been a change in time. There's been a change. And God has always been a God of change. And he's changing us. And man's nature is to set up camp, is to believe something, to hold on to it and hope that when he gets there, you know what I mean? That what he's holding on is good enough to get through. That's not the relationship that God is wanting to have with us. He wants us to know that I'm with you. I'm in you. I'm dwelling in you. I'm transforming you. I'm changing you. I'm bringing you to a rapture. I'm bringing you to a resurrection. I'm bringing you to perfection. I'm working within you. I'm performing my will within you. Don't don't get discouraged. Don't beat yourself down. Don't don't fear the enemy. I put the potential in you. I put my spirit in you. It will not fail. The flesh is going to war against the spirit and the spirit against the flesh. And you're going to be in this battle. You're going to have this battle in your mind. You're going to have this battle in your flesh. But fear not, little flock. I'm the one that called you. I'm the one that drew you. I'm the one that chose you. I'm the one that's taking care of you. I'm the one that's going to get you through. Well, you were yet a sinner. I died for you. He said, when before you were ever here, I I saw you. I knew you. I knew the color of your hair. I knew the color of your eyes. I knew the statue within. He wants he he's trying to get us back in to a positive relationship with his spirit knowing we have his spirit by our own personal experience with him and change in our heart and change in our lives that he performed on us where we're not comparing ourselves one with another. We're not listening to what everybody's else definition is of being born again, what everybody others definition is of what having the Holy Spirit is. But you could take it from the word of God that it was a promise that he purchased for you. He paid the price. He went to Calvary. He shed the blood. We're not worthy of it. We'll never be worthy of it, but by his grace and his mercy, he chose me. And that's what I have to understand. I didn't choose him. He chose me. He does the drawing. We don't do the drawing. All the father hath given me will come. I won't lose a one. And now when we can start identifying with that knowing that that life is in us, that that spirit is in us. We've we've had that change of nature. We've felt that pull. We've heard that call. We know that we're not what we used to be. And now we we take possession of it. We know what we get rid of the question all together in our mind whether we have the Holy Spirit or not. We understand what it is. It's not us. It's him. He chose us. We didn't choose him. He put it in us before we even got here. There was a part of us that was there when we heard the scream that part in us called out recognized we wanted it and he began to do the work in us when we could come to that place that we're we're we've settled the question and we're positive that that spirit is in us. We're positive that he called us. We're positive that he put the potential in there to do all things. Then we can start moving based on what that we have. Silver and gold have I none, but that which I have I give to you. And then so I I don't know how to say it in my human words. Uh but in instead of always putting it off on a letter promise, you you understand always saying, "Well, it's wrote here. It's wrote here. It it's said here." You You understand? Now you know that the what makes this come alive is in you. And because it's in you, it's in you. So you can make this come alive in the world that you're living in. And nobody can take your place. Each one of you lives in a world of your own. Even you say, "Well, I'm married. I don't live in a world." You know, uh, yes, we do. We certain all that we have, all that we're influenced, everything about us is is personal. And now you could take this, the gift that God gave you, the spirit that God gave you, the life that he gave you. No. Am I worthy? No. But I know he called me. I know when I heard that scream, I knew it was the truth. And I've been trying to change. I've been trying to do better. I've been trying to work. That's all God. And then when we can start having confidence that that God lives in us, then we'll start doing the works. And it's not st it's not always looking outside for something to happen. If it's not saying, well, you know, you pray for somebody and you say, well, it's wrote right here now. Do you believe this? No, you possess it. You're going to what's in you is going to make this live because this is what the prophet of God says. He says the word doesn't quicken. So I can give you scripture after scripture after scripture. But if when I can give you what I've got, the love that's in my heart, the promise, the spirit that's within me, the the joy that's that floods my soul. In other words, I'm not I'm just not handing you a piece of paper with something written on it and say, "Believe this. No, I possess the quickening power to make this come alive and demonstrate to you that Jesus Christ has risen from the dead and he is alive. And I would love to be able to preach it, but I can't preach it as good as he preaches it. So, if you'd forgive me, uh uh you know, I had my surgery Thursday and I I had a a a growth removed from my neck and uh uh Leslie has a video of it. If anybody wants to watch it, it's up to you. You know what I mean? But uh uh so, but anyway, so I I'm doing well. Uh it's and been going through a few things with uh my my chest cold, but uh uh this is just so good this morning. So, if you could just give 30 minutes and just listen to what he's telling you. It wasn't you. There was something in you. It's the Holy Spirit drawing you. It's God quickening you. If it you know what I mean? and you start listening to it's all been him. It's all been him. And and and I tell you, I don't care if if you just walked out of robbing a bank and walked in here this morning. If you can receive this, you can leave that behind. return the money and and and and you can go and sin no more. And you don't have to be ashamed of any mistakes you've made. You can put your past behind you and let the love of God be shed abroad in your heart and the goodness of what that he's given you. and you can start standing up and testifying of what God has done for me. Yes, this little hippie boy from California, God give him his spirit. Thank you, Lord Jesus. I love you for it. And it's been freely given to me. I'm going to freely give. And I I I don't know how to to express it, but if you would listen to 30 minutes of this with me this morning, I I believe it'll be a blessing to you. And I I know some of you that we have certain language barriers and I know it's harder for you, but if you can find this in in your own language and go back and read through it, I trust it would be a a a blessing to you this morning. So, God richly bless you. I love you with all my heart and I I don't know of anything better to give you this morning than the voice of Malachi 4:5. God bless you. Now, there's a great statement and I want my minister brothers to try to understand this. See, in the beginning, God, the great spirit, he wasn't even God. Then he was the eternal one. God is an object of worship. He had nothing to worship him. There was no there was no angels, no nothing. Just God alone. Him alone is eternal. But in order to be God, there had to be something to worship him. So he created angels and beings and uh cherubans and so forth to worship him. His great plan begin to unfold. But remember you and the the statue that you are in this morning. If you wasn't in his thinking then you're not now. Amen. For you, there's some part that's in you that's eternal. And eternal only belongs to God. And in God was his thinking of you sitting right where you are now. In his thinking, I stood at the pullpit this morning because he's infinite and knows all things. Therefore, he could tell the end from the beginning because he's eternal. Amen. And you being a son of God or a daughter of God, then you were in his thinking at the beginning. And then when the Holy Spirit come and you're on earth walking around here as a sinner, way down in your life is something you don't know what's taking place, but you're hungry. I heard the Presbyterian brother. I heard the the Baptist talking about back there. He was a a free Baptist preaching where he can. my fellow brother that you there's something in you something that you never put in there. It's something that you couldn't desire to be in there. It's something that's contrary to your own nature. It's the fornowledge of God taking place. God's word as Jesus is born the son of God to be Emmanuel God's full expression in a man and he found him in perfect obedience down at the river of Jordan being baptized for that prophet and as soon as he obeyed him and walked out of the water the heavens opened to John and he saw the Holy Ghost descending from heaven saying This is my beloved son. Perfect obedience. The spirit had sought him out in obedience. Oh, wayward man or woman this morning. When you're sitting here and there's something in you telling you this is right, it's the Holy Spirit seeking you out. That's it. to bring you to a knowledge of truth of this hour that we're now living. Not some hour that's gone by. The hour now. There was thousands there that obeying an hour past. But there was a present tense hour. That was the hour that Jesus was to appear. And there stood the word. There stood the people. And here was a manifestation of God taking place to vindicate that that was the truth. And as Pentecostal people today, let me say this that we're standing in this last days where God promised he'd pour out his spirit upon all flesh and his sons and daughters should prophesy sign. These signs shall follow them that believe. It's the hour. That's what makes that creation in you. As I spoke here not long ago, it sounded a little sacriiggious, but I hope it don't to you this morning. The farmer that set the eagle or set the hen and had a eagle egg. Many of you remembers the story of the old eagle giving birth to to this or the hen giving birth over here to this chicken or or egg of a eagle under her chicken feathers. See, it's the atmosphere. the Presbyterian church, Methodist church, Baptist church, any of them can bring forth these eagles. Sure, it's the atmosphere that does it. Amen. As Dr. Bosworth used to say, you could take a hint egg and put it over a under a pup and tie them down, a puppet hatch out a chicken. Wow. It's the atmosphere. And when any church or any group that'll civil themselves together and pray until they're throw away their creeds and things and look straight in the face of God, it'll bring forth eagles just as certain as I'm standing here. Amen. That's what I think this businessman's group has done. Trying to break up the atmosphere. We're getting two clanish. One belongs to this and that. Let's break up the atmosphere and get the atmosphere in a heavenly worship. get the atmosphere right. Eagles will be born any out of any church anywhere. That's right. And this little eagle walked with the hen for a long time. But the the clocking was kind of strange. He didn't understand what the hen meant when she scratched in the the the waste of the manure piles in in the yards. And that wasn't food to him. and uh she eat bugs and so forth that a eagle doesn't eat. So it seems strange all to him and he was an ugly duckling. He was uh not saying it's sacriiggious, maybe it's a free willist and but something on that order or Presbyterian. Amen. But you know, one day his mother knew that she had laid an egg. There had to be a child somewhere. So she throw her big wings into the winds and she searched and she searched, screaming to the top of her voice. And one day she passed over the barnyard. And when this little eagle heard this familiar scream, he had never heard it before. But he realized that it fit him like a glove over hand. And he knew that was his mother. She knew that was her son. She was looking for him. So has God in every age ordained his church for that age, a message for that age. And they could have laws and anything that they want to. But when that hour comes, the Holy Spirit of God, which is at the beginning thought out and spoke out for that age, that spirit hunts that egg. And when he hears that message, there's no church denomination going to hold it. It'll rise to the heights. Oh, hallelujah. It's got to It's a different bird. Amen. It's a different creature. He's a eagle. And he'll hear the scream, "My sheep hear my voice." Amen. As someone said, "Brother Williams, sheep food. My sheep hear my voice. A stranger they will not follow." Amen. No matter how loyal the church has been, how much it's big a name it's got, when my sheep hear my voice, which is a word, amen, a stranger, they will not follow, they'll go right straight to that word. They can't do it. It's like a a a magnet. One day up in Indiana, I was visiting them steel mills and the whistle blowed and everybody took off their aprons and begin to sweep the out from their lathes out into the middle of the floor the shavings that they made through the day. And I was walking along with the man that was taking me through and he said, "Watch this." And so every man ladies his bench dress up on the upon the table walked away. way back in the back. He touched the little button and here come a big magnet through and it picked up every bit of that uh iron that was shaved off of those pieces. Now it went out, it demagnetized it, it dropped into a cupole and was melted over for another piece of of goods, the same thing, actuals or whatever they were building. And I stood there and looked at that till I I just lost myself. And I said, "I'm wondering something." He said, "What is it, sir?" And I said, "I noticed that some of that didn't go up." He said, "It's aluminum and the magnet is not magnetized to the aluminum." I said, "I see." And he said, "Then I said, well, do you notice there's a piece of iron laying across?" But you see, sir, it was bolted down. I said, "I see." And I when he tucked it out and I said, "Now, what happened out there?" Says, "It goes right back into the mill, poured out through the cube below, it comes right back in next to the wheel." I said, "Praise the Lord. That's it." See, there is a great magnet sitting in the sky that God one day will touch his fingers till no man knows the time is coming. Not even the angels of heaven doesn't know. God alone knows. That's it. But there has been some trimmings that's come off of the Bible Bible Christians believers for this hour. One of them might have been axel back in another day. This might be some other part. It's going on to make the big regime of God, but it'll be molded into the pot of God's great cupo and poured out again into the images of God. Amen. Just those who are magnetized to it will be taken up. Oh, how to what a privilege it is to know that there is something in the resurrection that's pertaining to us. Now, notice recognize the call of God's word which he is a part of and it's a eagle to an eagle. Now, if that mother would have screamed like a a buzzard, he'd have never noted. He'd been just as well off in the barnyard, but it was a scream of an eagle. There was something inside that little fella. Amen. That he knowed he was an eagle. And the same thing is with every true believer. When the preaching of God's word comes forth and vindicated and proved that it's God's word for this hour, then there's something within the believer. I don't care how loyal his father was to a church or how loyal his mother was or his grandparents. And if that church is teaching contrary to this hour of the baptism of the Holy Ghost message, there's something in him. It screams out. He'll leave the barnyard. He's got to do it. The chicken might have been all right one day, but this is eagle hour. See, it's a different It's something that he must leave the old cook and fly away into the blue. Then this earthly body is quickened and brought by the quickening spirit to the obedience of God's word. Now when this holy spirit represented as the eagle flying over the land and finds the believer, no man can come to me. No man can come to me as he wants to. All the father has given me will come to me. But no man can come by himself. It isn't your own thinking, your own drawing. It's God drawing. See, all the Father has given me will come to me. Now, the Holy Spirit is here on earth looking out those individuals that God has ordained to life in this age. And as soon as it finds it, it does just like it did on Jesus Christ, the great super son of God who redeemed us all. It comes down and takes this place of abode into the human life. Now notice brought the quickening power. Now that quickening power that come upon Jesus quicken him to manifest every promise of the word of that day. So does the Holy Spirit that come upon us in this day? If it's not a mockery Holy Spirit, if it's not the devil mocking the Holy Spirit, but is the real true Holy Spirit, it'll manifest the promise of this hour. When it fell upon Luther, it manifested that promise of that hour. When it fell upon Wesley, it manifested the promise of that hour. When it falls in this day, it manifests the promise of this hour. Amen. When it fell upon Moses, it manifested the promise of that hour. Fell upon Noah, it manifest the promise of that hour. When it fell upon Jesus, it manifest the promise of that hour. See, it's the Holy Spirit coming down to quicken, make alive those people that's fore orained of God to be in the rapture. That is, if he is a true eagle, he will understand the message of the hour if he's a true eagle. Now, the little eagle problem in the barnyard was eating all right, but he he know it wasn't just exactly right. But then when he heard the truth, then he received this truth. Now in John 14 uh uh John 5:24 rather, Jesus said speaking this way, he that heareth my words and believeth on him that sent me hath everlasting life, and shall not come into the judgment, but pass from death unto life. Just think how simple that is. He that believeth. Now the correct way of saying that, he that understandeth. Now you go out here on the street and say to this prostitute, you believe? Sure. You believe the son of God? Certainly. Been baptized. Sure. Go out there drunkard and say, you hear that? Hear that preacher preach? Yeah. You believe that? Sure. See, but he that understandeth, Amen. He that knoweth his place in this hour, he that heareth my word and believeth on him that sent me hath present tense eternal life, shall not come into judgment, but already passed from death unto life. Then when this new eternal life dwells in you, it is the potential or the earnestness of you being quickened from mortal to immortality. Let me say that again. When this spirit has found you, the individual and has come upon you, it is the potential of your eternal inheritance that God thought of you and made for you before the foundation of the world. That is your potential. Like if you ask me for an oak tree and I give you an acre. Now the the the life for the oak tree is in the acorn now. But you have to wait till it grows up. So do we. When you receive the Holy Spirit of God, it's God's potential waiting upon you that's already recognized you and you're sealed by the spirit of promise of God into the body of Christ. When God looked down at Calvary and seen Jesus dying, he not he died for his bride, the body, which is the word church, the church that believes the word of God for the age where his feet, body, head or wherever it is. Amen. See, it's Christ was bleeding and dying and God looking upon him saw his resurrection and the church raised with him on Easter. Now, I want you to get all this together because I got something here a little bit. I want to say the Lord will. Now, notice it's the earnest or the potential, the quickening power of your resurrection when you receive the Holy Spirit is then dwelling in you. The potential of it. Notice you you are now on your way growing to the full resurrection. No tree just comes up overnight. It's got to grow as we grow in the grace and knowledge of God. You are baptized into the Holy Spirit. Now, as a Pentecostal church baptized into the Holy Spirit, it's begin growing. Limbs has died. He's pruned them off. But the tree is still growing. is still going on because it's got to come to the resurrection. They're led by the spirit to quicken the word to you who is believers. The word keeps quickening. Come the first limb, second limb, third limb on up. It just keeps quickening. The spirit of God keeps quickening to you. Notice at Pentecost, their bodies were quickened by the new life they received. Amen. That makes me feel religious. Think now here was man, fishermen, tax collectors, the humble little women, other just ordinary housewives, little virgin girls. They were believers. They were believing that this was the truth. They believed that when Jesus died, they believed on him and rose up again from the dead. They believe that to be the absolutely testimony of God that he had quickened him to life. Now they go up to the day of Pentecost to receive their abstract. You know what an abstract is? It's when a deed's been cleared. They went up there to receive their abstract and they become quickened. Or what a thrill. They bought the land been bought for him. They had received it. Is it true or not? We've seen him raise up. But now, what about us? We are witnesses. We stood and seen the man crucified. We seen the clouds come over the earth and dark in the skies. And the the earthquake and shook and had nervous prostration. Then when they put him in the grave, they speared him in the heart with the spear. And they took his body down and laid it in the grave of Joseph or Arthia. And then they find out that on the third day he raised up again. And as the disciples said, we are witnesses of this. We seen him raise up. We know he's alive. Now, what did that do? That took all the fear out. No wonder Jesus said, "Fear not. I'm he that was dead and is alive forever more." It taken all the fear out when they did that. Now, but when they went up to Pentecost, there they received the quickening power, the power that made them alive. Now, there's where I think that you Presbyterian and Methodist brethren, you do receive potentially on believing on the Lord Jesus Christ, but the abstract hasn't come yet. That's the clearing of the need. God gave Abraham a promise. Abraham believed God and it was imputed unto him for righteousness. But he sealed the covenant by the seal of circumcision. Amen. And God gives you a promise potentially that you will receive it and you're going to be raised up. This body is going to be glorified with him in the end time. But you see, you have to get a clearance on that deed. Amen. And the clearance is when everything against it has been stricken off. And you got the abstract to it. You've got the seal. It's yours. Everything's on it belongs to you. Amen. And when we believe on Jesus Christ for our savior and repent and are baptized and come up to believing, God recognizes our repentance and our faith towards him and sends down the abstract. And the abstract is the assurance. It's a guarantee that everything was ever held against you. You have thoroughly repented. Amen. Hallelujah. And the property is boughten and you hold the abstract for the assurance. Let somebody try to put you off the land. Say he belongs and you the abstract in your hand. Let him try to do it. They don't law in the land can do it because you hold the abstract. And there's no devil, no church or any theology that can overstep the boundaries of God's proof and abstract that the baptism of the Holy Ghost has recognized us in Jesus Christ. Amen. We're just as sure to raise as he raised because potentially we have already raised in him. Amen. Amen. Amen. The old things, what does it do to our mortal bodies? It turns our opinions, changes our notions. It sets our affections on things which are above. And the smoking, drinking, gaming, the things that you used to do is dead. It's beneath you. And you are quickened. And this quickening power brings your body into a raptured condition. Amen. Already notice the Pentecostal people up there when they got quickened by the Holy Spirit, listen to me. When those Pentecostal group up there on the day of Pentecost received their abstract deed from God, surely glorified their souls. They screamed. They saw tongues of fire separated up on each of them. And it so quickened their body till they couldn't even speak an earthly language anymore. It quickened their body to heavenly language. The place they're going to quickening power of God shook their mortal body. So till their entire mortal language was transfigured, transformed into an immortal language. What a quickening power. What something it belongs? If the spirit that raised up Jesus from the dead dwells in your mortal bodies, it shall also quicken your mortal bodies. Amen. We are quickening by the power of the living God. Tongues quickened to a new heavenly language to speak to them, a rapturing up, raising up into a different atmosphere than what they'd ever lived in. also with the new quickening life to them that come in them. It quickened their language. They spoke in new tongues. Oh yes. Now watch it. Um it also was designed to give them answer this abstract. It was designed to give them every promise that was on the grounds. Every promise on the grounds of God's word that was promised in the Bible. That quickening power was given to them to quicken that promise to them. Therefore, they laid hands on the sick. They was healed. They spoke in new tongues. They've done great signs and wonders because that was in God's promise. And when Jesus died to redeem that back to them, the grounds that belong to sons of God, he demonstrated what God was. How dare we to socialize that and put it into an organization. We have no rights to do that. It's the Holy Spirit today hunting out honest hearts that will believe that message. Everything in the Bible that was promised is to that believer. And when you accept it in its fullness and God knows that you'll do it, he gives you the abstract to that. And then every promise that's made is in your possession. And the Holy Spirit's there to quicken that to you. Thank you. Oh my. What kind of people should we be? How wonderful to see that God's great Holy Spirit you're to do that power. Think of it. When the Holy Ghost itself here to bear record of this hour, Jesus said, "So, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. How dare any man to wipe that out of works that I do shall you do also?" John 14:12. These signs shall follow them that believe. That is the assurance. When we see a group of people sitting together in those signs manifesting themselves, that's the assurance that the abstract desire to vindicate that that's property of God. Amen. Amen. So, we are Easter also. Amen. We are now in our Easter. We've already raised Hallelujah. from the things of the world to the things of God's promise. Not we will, we are. That's right. It's the potentials. is God's promise. He'd pour out his spirit in the last days. And that's what they would do. Notice, laid their hands on the sick, everything was in God's promise. I shall pour out my spirit in the last days upon all flesh. Your old man shall dream dreams. Your young man shall see visions. And all these different promises that he made. Everything is laying right there in God's promise. Jesus redeemed it to us. And when we become or we if we are ordained on that ground, if we are ordained to be on that ground like the eagle walking in the chicken's nest. Amen. If you're ordained on that ground, the Holy Spirit is sure to find you. And when it finds you, you recognize it's call. You know the hour you're living. You know what these things are supposed to happen quickly. You're raptured up to meet it. And now you're sitting in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. Oh, what a promise. What a heavenly father who would give us these things. The spirit quickens their fellowship with God so that they call the dead back to life in that day. They laid their bodies upon the dead. They come to life. Listen closely. They done the same things that Jesus did because the same spirit was upon him was upon them. Amen. If one spirit makes a man act this way, it makes the other act that way. If one, how can this come up on say he's got the spirit of God and deny the works of God? Amen. Cannot do it. Notice God's life which is in the Greek called Zoey moving through them and in I hate to quit listening now. that that was good and it should encourage us. It should lift us up. Listen, let's let's just read it slow just for a moment. And he says it's God's promise he'd pour out his spirit in the last days. And that's what they would do. Notice they laid their hands on the sick. Everything that was in God's promise. I shall pour out my spirit in the last days upon all flesh. Your old men shall dream dreams. Your young men shall see visions. And all these different promises that he made, everything is lying right there in God's promise. And Jesus redeemed it to us. And when we become or we if we are ordained on that ground now this is what we we've he wants us to claim it. This is our ground. In other words, I can walk on this ground. This is the promised land. This is the life that I live. This is how that I do things. This is how that I think. This is my land. It's my life. It's my inheritance. In other words, I my life is not something I do as a religious uh uh work. It's not something as I do as uh reading the Bible and say the scripture uh says this and this and then I'm going to go try to do this. When you receive the spirit, which you were ordained to receive, you were in his thinking to receive it. You were in his mind. In his mind, he he wanted you to have this. In fact, he sought you. He found you. He didn't draw him. He drew you. He may have given you parents that believed. He may have given you a friend that believed. He may have let you run across a book. It didn't matter how he did it. It was him that drew you. The reason he drew you because this was your inheritance. This is what he created you for. See, we're we're doing too much waiting for it to come. One day. One day. But this is present tense. This is the ground I live. This is my inheritance. This is my life. This is the way that I do things. This is my decision makingaking. I have predetermined decisions. My decisions are predetermined. My choices are predetermined. I I don't go by impulse. I don't live by impulse. I don't live by reaction. I live by leadership. I live by direction. I live by predetermined. All my actions are predetermined on my inheritance and on my possession. It's my land. Amen. And if the enemy comes on my land, I have to be able to stand up and say, "Wait a minute. You You don't come on my land. This is my land. I'm going to take it back. Why do you have a right to take it back? Because I possess his spirit. I have faith in what that he gave me. And and I know every time we preach about it, everybody starts wondering whether they've got it. recognize your calling. He told us how you get it. What do you go through? You're just living in this world as a sinner. Right? And all of a sudden, you recognize something's not right. That's not right. This is right. What I'm hearing is true. What did he say that was? It's the Holy Spirit calling you, dealing with you, convicting you, bringing you. He even said it this morning. The reason you're sitting here is because God put it that way. So you can sit back and and look, I can look back at my life and I can say, I was way in California. There's no way I would be with this group of people. I was raised a Catholic. I was a long-haired hippie drug dealer. How did I get from there to here? You tell me. It wasn't even in me. That's what he said. There was something that was in me that wasn't even in me by nature. It was something else that was put there. I have to recognize that and accept that and make my decisions based on that. Not impulse. I recognize my calling. Not my calling in the way of what I'm to do, but I recognized how he called me. It didn't matter. You were raised up in this message. One day you sit on the pew and you know what that preacher is saying's true. He wants you to have confidence in that. You didn't choose me. I chose you. I'm the one that drew you. And I I'm drawing you for a purpose that I can put the same spirit that was in Jesus that rose him from the dead. I can put that same spirit in you. And it changes your affections. It changes your notions. It changes the way you look at things. It changes the way you make decisions. You're not driven by impulse anymore. You're not driven by this reaction or that reaction or this situation or that situation. Everything's predetermined to you because you have a predetermined place you're going. How do you know you're going there? You've got the potential of it in you. And you know what's in you will do what it was put in there to do. He didn't give you his spirit so you could be here. He gave you his spirit so he can rapture you. Let me just finish reading what I was reading. He said I think I was reading right here. If we are ordained on that ground, if we are ordained to be on that ground, like the eagle walking in the chicken's desk, if you're ordained on that ground, the Holy Spirit is here to find you. And when it finds you, you recognize its call. But just ask yourself, have you ever been put under conviction? Has the Holy Spirit ever dealt with your heart? That was him calling you. That's a good thing. That's praise God that I know I'm him. How? Because I heard his voice and my sheep hear his voice. You're lifted up. You're not condemned. It just the the father didn't never even condemn his prodal son when he returned. The minute he saw that boy, the prophet God said he sat there and looked out every day because he believed that was his son and he believed his son would return. You are his sons and he knows you're going to return. He predestinated you to return. He put something in you that would return you. Hallelujah. This message was mine. I was for ordained to it. I am the rapture. I am the resurrection. I am the message of the hour. I was forained to it. Even though I was sitting in San Diego lost and and just zero recognition of God, the closest thing I knew to God was saying a rosary to Mary and walking in a box and telling another human being all my sins, thinking that he was going to give me a few prayers to wash away. And I'd go out and light a candle and and say a few prayers and my slate was clean so I could go do it all over again. That was no life. But this was mine. And he put something in there. And that something had to find it. I didn't find it. He found me. He came all the way to where I was. Somehow he got in San Diego. Somehow he got down to me. Somehow he got this voice to me. Somehow I heard it. Something was in me that believed it. Something kept making it alive to me and alive to me. When I first heard the message, everything I read was would pop up. He said, "You go home at work time and some lady's out there mowing her lawn in shorts." I listen to that and go up there and sure enough there's a lady mowing her lawn and short. What was that? That was the Holy Spirit making this alive. Making it alive. Bringing it alive. Let me see it in my life. Let me see that it was real. Making every promise in this book come to life. And that's what his spirit's here to do is make every promise in this book come to life for you. And when you recognize your call, maybe I want to use a word. I I wish I could find one so you don't confuse calling like what your ministry might be to being called. Well, when you receded out, I don't care how he brought you, he brought you. How did he get you from a corn field to his word? You tell me. Who orchestrated that? Who put that together? You know what he tried to let us know? He went as far as back to get your great greatgrandfather to marry your great grandmother. He protected that seed all the way down till you got here. He wants us to have faith in the potential that is in us. Faith in what that we have. We don't have it because we earned it. We have it because he gave it to us. You say, "Well, I don't got it." I said, "Did you did he call you?" Yes. Did you know this was right? Yes. That was the Holy Spirit working on you, calling you, bringing you, pulling you. You think he's going to stop. No. Have faith in that. If you're a sinner this morning, you're smoking, you're drinking, you're shooting drugs, you just went to the bathroom and took four or five shots of of this or that. I don't care. It don't matter how bad of a sinner is. If all of a sudden that spirit convicts your heart and you know you're wrong and you know this right, that's the spirit of God calling you. If you had faith in that and you believe that, that would perform a change in you. The liar is a liar. Satan's a liar. He's never going to tell you that that you're a Christian cuz he don't believe it. But if you could just come to the place where we could just look at how that he's chose us, look how he called us. If we could recognize the call. Pentecost saw the prophet of God stand there person after person discern their thoughts heal the blind raise the dead do miracle after miracle after miracle and they didn't see what you see and yet blessed is he who has not seen and yet believe I sat with those men God gave be the blessing to be able to sit with many, many of the people that knew Brother Brandham personally, spend time with him, sit down and listen, and every time I'd hear him talk, I I I'm I was amazed at how few people What did that? Why do you believe? Can't you have faith? and how he chose you, how he brought you, how he found you. It's amazing if you start listening to everybody's testimony. He says, he says, you recognize its call. You recognize it's called that and you know the hour you're living and you know these things are supposed to happen quickly. You're raptured up to meet it. And now you're sitting in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. What a promise. What a heavenly father who would give us these things. Oh, I I if I I just go back through. He says you are quickened and this quickening power brings your body into rapturing condition. Remember he said you grow into it. That that's so it it's so beautiful uh this morning. Maybe I'm just just uh you know too much into it. But I I just love the thing. I don't know where that that statement was, but he talked about growing into it and you know about the oak tree and how you just grow into it. You know, it's amazing. We're we it's not that we're there. is that we have faith in what's in us will bring us there. That's where God wants your faith. He wants your faith in the spirit that's in you will do what it did. That's where Abraham's faith was. Abraham didn't have the evidence in his flesh. He didn't have the evidence in Sarah. He didn't have the evidence anywhere. He had the evidence in one thing and that was a promise. And he believed that if God gave him the promise then that God was able to perform that which he promised. So if he gave you his spirit, other words, if you accepted his spirit, you want his spirit, you want us, you get down and you pray, "Father, I want the same spirit that raised up Jesus Christ to come in me. I'm willing to lay my life down for it. I'm willing to change whatever you do, but I've been baptized in your name. And you said if I was baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, that I would receive the same spirit that raised him up. And when you know when that spirit strikes you, then you don't have faith in something you don't. You have faith in the potential that's in you. You believe that what you have will do what it says it'll do. And now your decisions are made based on the potential that's in you. Your decisions aren't made, they're not driven by any circumstance around you. Your life is now controlled by the potential, the abstract that you have, the possession that you have. There's nothing laid against you. There's no reason that you can't take possession of this land. There's no reason you can't build on this land. There's no reason you can't walk in this land. There's no reason you can't travel to one corner of this land to the other. It's yours. And there's a whole spiritual land of promises and victory and power for the believer that they're not even walking in. It's like they're not sure it's theirs. Well, so how can I be sure it's I hope I'll just say this and finish this morning. How can I be sure it's mine? I look back at how that it came to me. I didn't ask for it. I didn't seek it. He brought it to me. And if he found me, convicted me, and brought it to me, then why can't I believe it's him? And if I can believe it's him, then he and he gave me. And he says, "By this spirit that I put in you, I will raise you up by that same spirit that dwells in you. By that same spirit, you shall ask the Father anything in my name, and he'll grant it to you. By that same spirit, you shall lay your hands on the sick, and they shall recover. By that same spirit, you shall cast out devils. Even the devils in your own life, you cast them out. You take possession over the gates of the enemy by what? by just the potential. So he say am I resurrected? Yes. Why am I resurrected? Because I have in me what's going to resurrect me. I believe in that. And if and I can look back how he brought the messenger into life. how he brought the messenger on the scene, how that he called me, how that he found me, how how that I had it in just a form of a of an an oak seed and and how that I just kept rising up and kept growing up and and growing in potential and and and and moving up and just watched the whole process of of of it coming. Do where is that quote I just read? We just heard it about the oak seed. Can you find that? I It's right in front of my eyes here. I know, but I can't I can't find it. I thought I even put a check on it. I want to read that just in closing this morning. What? 94. Oh, no wonder. 94. Yes. Like if you ask me for an oak tree and I give you an acorn, the life of the oak tree is in the acorn now. But you have to wait till it grew up. But the life was in it. How Remember we talked about the life, the transforming power of God. So we're talking about going forward. So it's time to let the transforming power that God put in us to start letting us take possession of the land that is ours. Not trying to produce it. Not trying to read it and doesn't go make it happen, but have faith that the life that's in the seed is going to grow into what that it was planted to grow into. Now, if we can believe that and have faith in it, then it will believe it. But we don't keep running out trying to create something. We let what's in us perform its own creation. Is that simple enough? So do we. When we receive the Holy Spirit of God, it's God's potential waiting upon you that's already recognized you. It already recognized you. He recognized me in California that I was one as his. So he sent the Holy Spirit to find me and he started working on me, working on me, working on me, working on me. And you were sealed by the spirit of promise of God into the body of Christ. And when God looked down at Calvary and seen Jesus dying, he died for his bride, the body, which is the word church. And the church that believed the word of God for the age, whether it's feet, body, head, whatever, Christ was bleeding and dying. And God looked upon him and saw his resurrection and the church raised with him on Easter. Now, I want you to get all this together because I got something a little bit I want to say to you, Lord willing. Now, notice it's the earnest or the potential, the quickening power of the resurrection when you receive the Holy Spirit is then dwelling in you. the potential of it. Notice, you are now on your way growing to the full resurrection. You're on your way. Oh, can you imagine when we can get so sure of it that we can start saying, "I'm on my way. The things I choose because this is where I'm going. I'm not going to the world. I'm not going to this place. I'm not doing that. I'm not doing this. This is my land. This is where I'm going to live. I'm going to live in the land of faith. I'm going to live in the land of promise. I've been called to it. It's potentially it's growing in me. And then you sit back and and he says he says, and notice now you're you're on your way. You're going to the full resurrection. No tree just comes up overnight. It's got to grow as we grow in the grace and knowledge of God. So look, there there's no need for us to keep beating ourselves. You got the Holy Ghost. Are you born again? If you're born again, if you're born, wait a minute. If I got the Holy Ghost, I'm going to overcome. This might be bothering me. This must make me weak. This is my failure. But you know something? What's in me is greater than he who is in the world. I know I didn't do this. I know I didn't choose this. I know I didn't call. I know he called me. I know this is him. I know I'm growing. He says growing to the full resurrection. You are baptized into the Holy Spirit. Now, as the Pentecostal Church baptized into the Holy Spirit, it's be it's begins growing. Limbs have died. They're pr pruned off, but the tree is still growing. It's still grow going on because it's got to come to the resurrection. They they're led by the spirit to quicken the word to you who is believers. The world keeps the word keeps quickening. It keeps quickening. I want to say that again. It keeps quickening. It's about change. It's about growing. It's about moving up. It's not about the trickery that Satan put on us saying you should already have it because then we're re we're in a negative viewpoint. It isn't that I should already possess it. I have it. It's growing in me. I'm coming. I'm moving. I'm growing. I'm going. It keeps quickening. Keep quickening. It's cutting limbs off. It's doing this. I'm moving up. Why? I have faith in what he planted in me. I have faith in what he brought to life. I have faith in the way he brought me this word. I have faith in the way he found me. I have faith that he found me. I didn't find him. I have faith that he drawed me. I believe it. And I believe if he started it, he'll finish it. And I don't place my faith by trying to muster up something I don't have. I don't try to judge my faith by producing something I don't have. I believe in what I do have. And I believe that what I do have will perform the work that it has potential to perform. And I believe it. And I think he wants every one of you to believe this morning that he called you to this message. He found you. He brought it. He looked for you. He chose you. And he didn't do that to lose you. All the father hath given me will come. Just let the word keep quickening. Keep bringing the scriptures to life. Have faith in recognizing your call. He says grows because it's got to come to a resurrection. They're led by the spirit to quicken the word to you who is believers. They're led by the spirit to quicken the word to you who is believers. The word keeps quickening as you come to the first limb, second limb, third limb on up. It just keeps quickening. The spirit of God keeps quickening you. That's the relationship. And I I hope this morning you believe you could walk out of here this morning and say, "I know God called me to this message. I know he put his spirit in me and I know that spirit's going to bring take me to the resurrection. And now my decision makingaking in life is not based on the world around me, but it's based on what's in me and where it's taking me. And I I I maybe you could go back and study these things because the it's it's so beautiful to realize that and maybe for me especially that you know something he chose me I didn't choose him and he opened my eyes to it and he gave me eyes and I don't care what a failure I am you will never be able to take away what he did. And if he did it, Yes, sir. it will overcome every single battle. It'll fix marriages. It'll fix sickness. It'll fix families. There is nothing that's impossible for God. There is nothing that can possible if we'll start believing in what God put in us. And you say, "Well, how I'll say it again in trying to make this sink in. How do I know it's there?" By how it got there. It was there. When I heard this voice, there was something there. When I got convicted of sin, there was something in there that I didn't even know it was in there. I wouldn't have even put it in there. But it was there. And you can't rob that from me, Satan. No matter how bad I fall, I didn't put it there. It was already there. I didn't respond. It responded. I didn't make the changes in my life. It made the changes in my life. It's been quickening me and bringing the word to life and changing me. And if it brought me and changed me and grow me up, it's going to continue to change me and bring me up till I'm doing and possessing and walking in the land of promise that I've been promised to walk in by faith. Uh we are going to go in. We don't have to produce the signs. We will bear it because it's our nature. Because the Holy Spirit has moved in us and created in us and is performing and doing because our names are written on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. that he saw us already. And he came down and went out over us with the great eagle scream to gather us up that we can receive and sit in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. And and I thank God and I thank God for how he called me and I I believe that he did it. And because he did it, I can trust it and I can have faith in it. And I I hope that that you can understand because we can't just keep going back church over and over and over again about the baptism of the Holy Ghost. We'll never get anywhere. We'll never get anywhere because when one side shouts, the other side feels condemned. And then we'll all have definitions of the Holy Ghost. We'll all have definitions of being born again. But there's one thing I know we all have in common is he chose us. And if each of you will examine your heart and say, "I know God dealt with my heart. I know this is true. I might have been raised in it. My daddy might have been a preacher that all my time, but I I know for myself. I know it's real. And you know that's the Holy Spirit. Then you can just say, "Oh spirit that moved on me, continue the work in me. Grow me into confidence of the baptism. Grow me up a little higher. Grow me to another limb. Grow me up. I know you chose me. I know you called me. and I know you'll do the work that's in me. And I don't care what anybody else says. I know I'm not the best preacher in the land. But I'll tell you one thing. I thank God I got a prophet messenger that I can play to you that can lay it out to you and you can see yourself. You can see that what he preached, the spirit of God quickened and shows you that that actually happened to you. Tommy, how did you get from having three six-packs of empty beer cans in the back of your car? We just go through this room. John Beal listen to radio stations. Some guy mentioned Brother Bram's name. He goes and looks it up. We can go through page after page after page after page after page because it wasn't us. It was him. Because he put something in us. And when are we gonna have faith in the potential? If you plant a seed, don't you believe that that seed's going to do what it does to do? God's got faith in you. Can you have faith in yourself? Can you have faith in the way that you were called and know You say, "How do you know?" Because I know and I recognized it was him that called. And if he called, he'll answer. God bless you this morning. Musicians, you come. Amen. And aren't you glad he called you? Amen. He who began the work will finish it. Man, I was reading the prophet said somewhere I said as we are here the element the the the the very element that's going to eat your body is already in you. You don't have to worry about it when you die. The very worms that's going to eat your body is already in you. But this morning we just heard that the element of the rapture already in you also. Amen. Isn't that a blessing? Let's all stand. Amen. Hallelujah. Oh, pour your spirit out on me fall just like the rain. Oh, s. Oh my thirsty soul. Oh, come and fall aresh on me. Oh, fill my cup again. Oh, heal my heart and make me whole. Oh, and I need you now. Oh, pour your spirit. Just sing it one more time. Oh, and pour your spirit out on me. Oh, and cons. Oh, saturate him. Saturate, oh my thirsty soul. Oh, come and fall aresh on me. Oh, fill my cup again. Oh, fill my heart. Fill my heart. Oh, and make me whole. Oh, and I need I need to have hope. Pour your spirit out. Oh, and Lord, I see your heart desire this morning. Help me find you. Oh, how I need your time. Go and find my [Music] crying broken places. Thirsting for your love. Oh, and Lord, forive me if I wonder. Oh, and far away from you. Oh, and you are [Music] Is your heart hungry for him this [Music] morning? Oh, pour your spirit out of me. Oh, and fall just like the rain. Oh, s my thirsty soul. Oh, come and rest on me. Feel my cup again. Oh, heal my heart. Heal my heart. Oh, and make me whole. Oh, and I I need I need you now. Oh, pour your spit. Just sing it one more time this morning. Oh, and pour your spirit out on me. Oh, and just like the rain. Oh, sate. Saturate my thirsty soul. Oh, and come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Oh, heal my heart. Heal my heart and make me whole. Oh, and I I need you now for your spirit. I've been changed. [Music] Oh, all free. Oh, and deliver. I found Oh, and your testimony this morning. Oh, and favor. And right now is a moment. Today is the day I've been changed. I've been changed. I have waited. Yes, I waited for this moment to come. And I won't let it pass by. Oh, and I I won't go back. I can't go back. Oh, to the way you used to be. For your presence came and changed me. Oh, and I won't go back. Oh, I can't go back to the way you used to be. Oh, your presence came and changed me. Oh, and all my shame. Oh, and sing. [Music] Oh, free and my [Music] to right now is the moment. Today the day I've been changed. I'll be changed. I have waited. Yes, I waited for this moment to come. And I won't let it pass. Oh, and I won't go back. Oh, I can't go back to the way you used to be. before presence came. Oh, and I won't go back. Oh, I can't go back to the way it used to be. For your presence came and changed me. Oh, and I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Man, this morning if you need prayer, Amen. If you know, if you have a question about what was talked about and said, I want that spirit to touch me this morning. I want to feel that that what which was talked about. I want to know that I'm called out. And if you could just come this morning and whatever it is, if you are sick this morning, just come and you'll be prayed for. That same spirit will touch you this morning so you can never be the same. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Give thanks with a grateful heart. Oh, give hand to the holy. Oh, and give hand. Oh, and because he's given, oh Jesus, cry. Oh, we Oh, and give [Music] thanks with the glory. Aren't you thankful this morning? Give thank to the holy. Oh, and [Music] oh, and because he's king. Oh Jesus Christ, holy son. Oh, and now Oh, and let the weak say I am strong. Oh, and let the poor say I am. Oh, and because of what the Lord has done for us. Oh, let the weak say I am strong. Oh, and [Music] let say I am rich. Oh, because of what the Lord has done. Oh, for us. Oh, give thanks. Oh, and give [Music] thanks to the Oh, and oh because he's given Jesus Christ, holy son. Give [Music] thanks with the great. Oh, give to the holy one. Oh, I need Oh, because he's given Jesus Christ. Holy smile. Oh, for let the weak. I am strong. Oh, I let the Lord I [Music] am. Oh, because of the one the Lord has done. Oh for us. [Music] Oh let me sing. [Music] Oh and let the am. Oh, and because of the water the Lord has for us. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The more I seek you. Oh, the more I find you. Oh, and the more I find [Music] you, Lord, and the more I love [Music] you. Oh, I want to sit at your feet, drink from the cup in your hand, lay back against you, and breathe. Feel your heartbeat. Oh, and his love is salty. Oh, and it's more than I can. Oh, and I'm melting your peace. It's overwhelming. Oh, and no more I seek you. [Music] Oh, and the Lord I find you. Oh, and the Lord I find you. Oh, and the Lord I love you. [Music] Oh, and I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand. Lay back against you and breathe. Feel your heartbeat. Oh, and this love is so deep. Oh, and it's more than I can. I'm your peace. It's overwhelm. Oh, and I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand. Lay back against you and breathe. Feel your heartbeat. Oh, and this love is so deep. It's more than I can. Oh, and I'm melting your peace. [Music] Hallelujah. Connected to him. That's our heart's desire. But Tim Sal, if we could just come in this recess this morning. Amen. Amen. Amen. You've been blessed to be in the house of the Lord today. Amen. As we heard Wednesday night, there's a lot going on with this book. It's the greatest love story it's ever been told. And the author is a principal character. And through pestilence, storm, uprisings, denials, coups, everything that character is going to get his reward. We are his reward. I want to take a moment to just say once again how I appreciate the Sunday school teachers, the helpers. Uh we had a good day yesterday celebrating the benefits of the pavilion. Appreciate those that worked so hard and labored. Uh we just look forward to uh to next year. If you don't have a child registered and then they're turning four years old, you can sign them up and those that are turning 13 will be moving on to the youth group. But, uh, it's an investment we have in our children. I think it's a worthy cause. We put them in and get instruction and and benefits of of just coming together worshiping the Lord even at that young age. So, uh, let's just bow our heads. Gracious and kind heavenly father, Lord, we do thank you for the expression we've heard this morning of how truly Lord that you sought us. Lord, you found us worthy when we didn't consider ourselves worthy. And Lord truly if we are your reward Lord you're going to preserve us all. There won't be a one lost Lord for each one of us in the beginning were a part of you that would make you incomplete. And Lord you are a full godhead. Lord, as we realize it was come in the form of a savior, you Paul said it was the Godhead bodily made manifest in our midst. And Lord, if we want to see you today, we look around. You are in our midst. You're in each one of us. May we act and perform that way, Lord. As we heard today, we're growing into that bride tree, Lord. Lord, grant it to us as we go from here that these words can just burn within us, Lord. Just build us up, we pray. Use them to straighten our path, Lord, to get back where we're supposed to be. It's needful, Lord, to hear things that sometimes are cutting and convicting. But Lord, we know where we fail. We ask you just help us to do better. Lord, as we go from here, we want to take you with us. May we have a smile on our face, a joy in our heart, Lord, that only you can provide. Lord, may we greet each other and recognize the benefits, Lord, of being under the umbrella of this message. Lord, there's a divine love within us, Lord, that the world is longing for. And we're the only people that can truly express and have it. Lord, we thank you and praise you now. As we lift your name up, we ask all these things in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you, brother Smith. Man, don't forget those that play instruments that like to help. If you can be gathering the fellowship, that would be awesome. Amen. right after service this morning. Beyond this flesh that you can see now, beyond all weaknesses of this friend, there is a connection invisible with the other side. [Music] Oh, I don't know how. I don't know why. I cannot explain the love of God for my soul down inside of me. When I hear the word, my heart says, [Music] "Amen." I say, "Amen. Oh, and beyond this place that you can see now. Oh, and beyond all witnesses of this realm, there is a connection. Oh, invisible with Jesus Christ. Oh, I don't know how. I don't know why. I cannot explain the love of God for my soul down inside of me. When I hear the word, my heart says, [Music] "Amen." I say, "Amen. [Music] [Music] Down with you. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music]
