################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-30 - [2025-04-30wed] Partnership With God  Br. Jean De Dieu Mumbanga - Jean De Dieu Mumbanga.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-30
Title:    [2025-04-30wed] Partnership With God | Br. Jean De Dieu Mumbanga
Speaker:  Jean De Dieu Mumbanga
Church:   Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 15m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sGVV9ga1jJY
========================================

Description:
Br. Jean De Dieu Mumbanga
Partnership With God 
Christian Life Tabernacle
April 30th, 2025
Bedford, Texas

The church body of Christian Life Tabernacle began in 1978 when David McGeary moved to Texas from Arizona and began pastoring a small group of believers in Haltom City. Presently located in Bedford, Christian Life Tabernacle is a City set on a Hill in the middle of the Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area.

Christian Life strives to be a witness to the DFW area by proclaiming the Gospel of Jesus Christ that has been restored in its fullness by God through His servant William Marion Branham. As an angel messenger to the Gentile church age described in Revelation 3:14-22, this Prophet’s Message was supernaturally vindicated by God to be the Truth, and ministered an exodus from the creeds and doctrines of this Laodicean church world.

"Not for one moment do I bring a message to the people that they may follow me, or join my church, or start some fellowship and organization. I have never done that and will not do that now. I have no interest in those things, but I do have an interest in the things of God and people, and if I can accomplish just one thing I will be satisfied. That one thing is to see established a true spiritual relationship between God and men, wherein men become new creations in Christ, filled with His Spirit and live according to His Word. I would invite, plead and warn all to hear His voice at this time, and yield your lives completely to Him, even as I trust in my heart that I have given my all to Him. God bless you, and may His coming rejoice your heart." - William Branham
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Oh, I I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup in your hand. Lay back against you. Feel your heart. Oh, this love is so deep. It's more than I can stand. I melt into your peace. So will I seek you. Oh the more I seek you. Oh, the more I find you and the more I find [Music] you. Oh Lord, I love [Music] you. I will sit at your feet. from your head to your heart. Oh [Music] my. Oh, [Music] I want to sit at your feet. I want to sit at your feet. [Music] against your heart. Oh, this is Oh, it's more than I [Music] can. Have thine own way, Lord. and finally thou are the part for I am the great and mold me and Take me after I [Music] live while I am [Music] waiting. Oh, yielded and sing verse two. Oh, and have thy own way. Why don't you just make that a prayer tonight? Oh, have thy way. Oh, search me and try me. Oh master [Music] today and so Lord. Oh, wash me just [Music] now as in thy praisees. Humbly I sweep over my soul. Sweep over my soul. Sweep over my soul. Sweet spirit sweep over my [Music] soul. Oh my is my at your feet. Sweet spirit sweep over my soul. Let's just sing that again. Oh, sweep my soul. Sweet my soul. Sweet spirit sweep over my soul. [Music] is on me while I sing at your feet. Sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. Amen. As they just continue to play that, we'll open our service in prayer and also just uh take up the tithes and offerings. And we do have a few uh prayer requests. Um, we have this request for uh, brother Darien's niece, Caitlyn. She's suffering from severe panic attack and we just want to pray that God would deliver her. The you believe that if we bind in prayer that God could go and move on the scene and just deliver her from this oppressive spirit. Amen. you know, um you might it's hard to maybe know what somebody's going through if you've never experienced it, but a panic attack can be a very severe um mental trauma and uh can really has great effects on an individual. So, we we just really want to remember Caitlyn in prayer. And you know, if you don't try to take up the burden and feel the infirmity and think that that's somebody's daughter, that's somebody's niece. And Maya, if that was one of our own or your daughter, you know, we'd really want to go before the Lord. Amen. So, let's just uh remember little Caitlyn in prayer and and also uh Brother Thiago is asking for traveling mercies for his father-in-law and for his wife who who are out. We just ask uh brother David to come and uh just open our service in prayer and those brothers that are prepared to take up the tithes and offerings. Is there somebody here that has an unspoken prayer request but you just want to make it known to the Lord? Amen. God sees that and we're just looking forward to what God has for us this evening. My heart. Let's just enter in together. Heavenly Father, we come before you as humble as we know how. And Lord, we're wanting to encourage our hearts in you as it sometimes just feels we need a touch from you to lift our faith. And Lord, we're going to look back at our giant and our lion. And the different things that you've helped conquer in our lives. And we're going to remember you, Lord, as the God of our salvation. And Father, when we did not know you and our hearts were astray, you sought us. And Father, we can testify that surely your goodness and mercy has pursued us and you've loved us, Father. And where there's condemnation, Lord, or anything, we now just speak your name, the mighty name of Jesus Christ. And Lord, you said you're greater than our hearts. And Lord, this panic attack, this thing that would afflict the mind, Father. Lord, you said nothing could separate us from your love. No height, no depth, no principalities, nor things past, nor things to come, Father. Truly, we're standing on a one victory, Father. It's a completed work, Lord. And you've called us to stand against the darkness, Father. And so, we speak your life. We speak your light that it would shine in darkness, Father, that fear and unbelief would be dissolved. And that Lord, just as you revealed yourself to us when we didn't know you, you would stand present in that need, Father, for your present help in the time of need. That's who you are, Lord. And I don't want to leave the same tonight, Father. I want to be changed. I I want to be more refined in your image. I want the word to accomplish something in my life, Father. where there's any unbelief, there's any makebelief. Father, we want to be genuine, Lord. We want to reflect you in exactly the way we've seen you declare in this day, Father. Lord, first fruits, Father. And Lord, I ask that you would just do the miraculous that, Lord, you'd accomplish in us, which we can't accomplish ourselves. We've tried, Lord, and our efforts have been in vain, Father. But we're coming to you once again and saying, Father, be merciful to us. change us. Lord, each one I believe that's gathered here tonight does not want to leave the same but wants to be leave more in your image. Father, we commit this worship to you. Lord, just ask that you'd have the preeminence, Father, as we've gathered together as saints, Lord, and believers. We bind our faith together and commit it all to you in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. You may have your seats, man. I had that song in my heart. Uh, when we all get to heaven, what a day of rejoicing that will be. I don't know about you, but I can't wait when we all get to heaven. Amen. Why don't we just sing that with joy in our heart? Well, sing the wondrous love of Jesus. Sing his mercy and his grace. in the direction and lasting will prepare for us. Oh, we are together. Oh my [Music] sh [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my [Music] god. Yeah. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] and [Music] shout. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Will you surely me? Well, you have done what this world could never save my soul. You save my soul. Now you save my soul. Oh, you save my [Music] soul. You are this world. That's what I say. [Music] [Music] Oh my god. This world me. Hallelujah. [Music] The Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Will you tell me your failure? Oh yeah. Holy [Music] Ghost will never do. Amen. Amen. And I want to sing that one verse again. And I just want to give, you know, brother Brandham said that you you you you accept it, you believe it, and then you confess it. And we just I want to sing that again. As Sister Haley would come with her song special, but you know, I want to give you an opportunity to say maybe you're sick, maybe ain't feeling too good, but why don't you go ahead and sing the song, you healed my body when I was sick. Why don't you just go ahead and confess it? And God said, "Your confession will bring your body into subjection to your confession." The prophet of God said, "He's He's not the high priest of your feeling. He's the high priest of your confession." So, as our sister come, why don't you just sing this now? Well, you healed my body when I was sick. You've surely been good to me. But now, you healed my body when I was sick. You surely been good to me. Hallelujah. You my body tonight. You surely didn't come to me. Well, you are God. What this world could ever do. Why don't you just praise the Lord? Hallelujah. Amen. God bless you. So, I just wanted to give a little testimony before singing this song. Last Sunday we were on our way to church from Dave and Julia's and we were practicing this song. We were going to sing this song and we ended up getting pulled over by the police because we didn't stop enough at a stop sign. I didn't stop enough at a stop sign and we us three were all in the car and we just went to praying because we just didn't know what to do. and Dave and Julia drove by and they texted us that they were praying too. And we were just praying that they would just see it, find it in their hearts to give us a warning. And they ended up coming back and just giving us a warning. So God answers prayer and we're just really thankful for that. [Applause] You called the sun to rise and you lay it down to rest. You hold this heart of mine and you hold my every breath. Such an awesome God. So mighty, so holy, so wonderful, such an awesome God. So selfless, so generous, so faithful. You are seated in [Music] mestying in holyness. The table is set for me. For you are the livinging bread. Such an awesome God. So mighty, so [Music] holy, so wonderful, such an awesome God, so selfless, so generous, so faithful you are. And nothing comes close to the Lord. Oh mighty, nothing's as sweet as his love and mercy. Oh nothing comes close to the Lord. Oh mighty, nothing as sweet as his love and mercy. Jesus, the son of God, hung on a cross to die. But not even death itself could hold you down. For you rose to life. Such an awesome God. So mighty, so holy, so wonderful. Such an awesome God. So selfless, so generous, so faithful. You are such an awesome God. So mighty, so [Music] holy, so wonderful, such an awesome God. So selfless, so generous, so faithful you [Music] are. Hallelujah. Amen. What a what an awesome God we serve. that just come on my heart as they were singing that uh you are not a god created by human hands. Let's just go ahead and sing that as we look to start changing the order of the ser. We serve an awesome God. He's mighty. He's mighty in battle. So as we just start turning our hearts towards the word, why don't we just start looking to that awesome God just to move amongst us and speak to our hearts. Amen. We appreciate that song special. Wonderful. You are not a god created by human hands. You are not a god dependent on any mortal man. You are not a god in need of anything we can give by your plan. That's just the way it is. [Music] And you're the only God who power. You're the only God who's praise. You're the only God who's worthy of everything we can give. Oh, you are God. That's just the way it is. Oh, you are not alone. From before time be you are on your own. You are God alone. And right now in the good times and battle you are on your throne. You are God alone as a brother comes. You're the only God who power. You're the only God who praise will never end. You're the only God who's worthy of everything we can do. Oh, you are God. That's just the way it is. You are not from before time began. You are on your own. You are God. Let's all stand right now in the good times and bad. Oh, you are on your throne. Oh, you are God. You're unchangeable. Oh, you're unchangeable. You're unshakeable. You're unstoppable. That's what you are. You're unshakeable. You're unshakeable. You're unstoppable. That's what you are. You are God alone before time. You are alone. Oh, you are God. And right now into good times and you are on your throne. You are God. [Music] Let's pray. Lord our God, master of all circumstances, [Music] You know every minute of our lives. Nothing is surprising to [Music] you. You knew that this evening we'll be gathered here communing with your people. You that made it possible. We thank you for that. Thank you for their presence here tonight. Thank you for the gift of life that is freely given. Thank you for the message of the end time. Thank you for the pastor of this church. Thank you for all the brothers, oh God. Lord, our Lord and Savior, I pray. May you bless this time of communion into your word. May you put the man aside. These people that didn't come didn't leave their homes to come here and hear human wisdom because what comes from men kills but it's the spirit that giveth life spirit that spoke in this end time. May that spirit speak once again tonight. One person come out of this year this place saying that God told me [Music] something and that also bring us closer to you Lord. We commit ourselves into your hands. I believe your word has the power of transformation Lord power of healing Lord. power of deliverance. Lord, be the answer for every preoccupation in the building. We ask that you take control over the service in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. May the Lord bless you. We'll read the Bible. And then I'll I'll greet you later. Yeah. Let's open our Bibles in Judges chapter 6 verse one till the [Music] 14th. It's uh the story of Gideon. It says in uh chapter 6, "And the children of Israel did evil in the sight of the Lord, and the Lord delivered them into the hand of the Medidianites seven years. and the hand of the Medidianites prevail against Israel. And because of the Medidianite, the children of Israel made them the uh ds which are in the mountains and caves and stronghold. And so it was when Israel had sown that the Medidionite came up and the Amalachite and the children of the east even they came up against them and they encamped against them and destroyed uh the increase of the earth till thou come unto Gaza and left uh uh susten u sustenance of Israel neither sheep nor ox nor ass. For they came up uh with the cattle, their tent, and they came uh they came as grasshoppers for multitude, for both they and their camels were without numbers. And they entered into the land and destroyed it. And Israel was greatly impoverished because of the Medidianite. And the children of Israel cried unto the Lord. And it came to pass that when the children of Israel cried unto the Lord, because of the Medidianite, that the Lord sent a prophet unto the children of Israel, which said unto them, Thou saith the Lord of Israel. I I brought I brought you up from Egypt and brought you forth out of the house of bondage and I delivered you out of the hands of Egyptians and out of the hands of all the oppressed uh that oppressed you and and drove them out from before you and gave you the land. And I say unto you, I am the Lord your God. Fear not the gods of the Amorites in which land ye dwell, but ye have not obeyed my voice. Up to what? 14. Uh 14. Yeah. And there came an angel of the Lord, and said unto an oak tree, which was uh an offer, and uh that pertained unto Josiah the Abazites, Abarites, and the son of Gideon, uh uh treed wheat, and the wine press to heed it from the Medidianite. And the angel of the Lord appeared unto him, and said unto him, The Lord is with thee, thou mighty man of valor. Amen. And Gideon said unto him, "Oh my Lord, if the Lord be with us, why then is all the uh where all of this befall us? And where are all his miracles which our father told us? And saying, did not the Lord bring up bring us up from Egypt? But now the Lord has forsaken us and delivers us unto the hand of the Medidianites." Amen. And Gideon looked upon him and said, "Go in this thy might that thou shall save Israel from the hand of the Medidianite, and have not I send thee?" Amen. Uh Amen. [Music] Uh let's also turn to the book of Exodus. Exodus chapter 3. S Adus uh verse three uh I'm sorry chapter 3 verse 7 7 to to 12 it says ye shall no more give the people straw to make bricks as year year to four let them go and gather straw for themselves. Is that the correct chapter? Yeah. Three. Yeah. Yeah. And seven themselves. And the tail of the bricks which they did make here to for ye shall lay upon them. Ye shall ye shall not diminish art. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah, I'm reading five. That's why I'm a bit confused. 37. And the Lord, that's it. said, "I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt, and have heard their cry by the reason of their taskmaster. I for I know their sorrows. I am come down to deliver them out of the hands of the Egyptian, and to bring them out of the land, into a good land, and a large, unto a land flowing with milk and honey, unto a place of a Canaanites, of the hatites, and the Hammorites, the parasites, and the Heatites, and the Jebisites. Now therefore, behold, the cry of the children of Israel is come unto me, and I have also seen the oppression wherewith the Egyptian oppressed them. Come now, therefore, I will send thee unto Pharaoh, that thou mayest bring forth my people, the children of of Israel, out of Egypt. And Moses said unto the Lord, Who am I that I should go unto Pharaoh, that thou that I should bring forth the children of Israel out of Egypt? And he said, certainly I will be with thee, and this shall be a token unto thee that I have sent thee. When thou had brought forth the people out of Egypt, ye shall serve God upon this mountain. Amen. And just the last one and and then one more. Uh John chapter 14. John chapter 14 12. John chapter 14. We're going to start from verse 12. 12 to 20. He says, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me, the works that I do, ye shall do also, and greater works, greater works than these ye shall do, because I go unto my father. And whatsoever ye ask in my name, that will I do, that the father may be glorified in the son. If ye ask any, if you ask anything in my name, I will do it. If ye love me, keep my commandments, and I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another comforter, that he may do abide with you forever, even the Spirit of truth, whom the world cannot receive, because he had not seen him, neither knoweth him. But ye know him, for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you. Amen. Just I will not leave you comfortless. I will come to you. Ye yet a little while and the world seeth me no more, but ye see me because I live, ye shall live also. Amen. At that day ye shall know that I am in that I am in the fa in my father and ye in me. and I in you. Amen. Amen. May the Lord bless the reading of his word. You may have your seats tonight. [Music] I want to greet you all in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. [Music] I am your brother, brother John. [Music] I reside in London in United Kingdom where the Lord has given me responsibility over little sheep fellowship. My church is called Bible Fellowship Tabernacle. So when you're going to be in London next [Music] time, remember you have brothers over there to visit. And I'm so happy to be in among you [Music] tonight. And I thank the pastor for this opportunity. We spoke to two times and I was telling brother Billy. I was really impressed with him, by his humility, by his simplicity and by his love. He gave me an opportunity to speak to you. I'm not big. I am just one of you and we are here to help one another. There's nothing new in the word of God. There's nothing that I can say that has never been said before. We are all believers of the message. And it's this message that we listen to every day. I think that's a word. We're just repeating. Yeah. We're just repeating. We're just those that eat and repeat. uh you you eat you you you you keep it a little bit and then you eat it again. But there's one thing with the word of God is we don't we don't we don't uh uh we get accustom with God. God is mysterious. He can appear to you today uh inspires fear and when he comes again tomorrow it's going to inspire the fear of you can't meet God and then say oh because I met him now I'm comfortable with him. That's why you can read a a quote or a Bible verse, you read it more than a thousand times, but every time you read it, if you are in the spirit, you you will feel like there's something new that God is trying to show you. So even if I say something you've heard before, God wants you to for you to hear it again. So I'll say amen to that. Amen. Amen. My little subject of exhortation tonight is partnership with God. We live in a difficult time. I took this story of Gideon uh because according to my own perception we are living a a a a sane kind of similar time it's a time a difficult time the time where everybody's complaining when I left Africa I went to [Music] Europe I was thinking that over there everything is fine. I've but I've been in United Kingdom for about 24 years. I see government changes. I saw government changes and every new government that they come they come they bring new promises. But when they are in power, as quicker they are in power, the population starts to call out for the other government to come in. So that confirms the word of God. There's no hope in politics. There's no hope in economy. Because everything can go well like we are here in the United States. [Music] But it would only take one president to come in and talk about tariffs and the all economy is tanking. That's why tells us our only hope is the coming back of the Lord Jesus Christ. You cannot count on this world. You cannot count on the economy. You cannot count on the social. Everything is being uh uh uh changed at all times. But the prophet is telling us this. Yeah, that's Yes. But when talks about commun comparing life like a a labyrinthant a labyrinth. Is that the right word? I don't know. Well, it's like a building with with It's like a a mason mason maze. It's a maze. Yeah. He's saying that the only way to get out of that maze is to find the most important thing. And the most important thing is to find Jesus Christ. It was the only way to get out of the maze. Outside of that there's no hope. You can have joy. Today you'll be uh you'll be sad. Today you will be well. Tomorrow you'll be sad. Today you are happy. Tomorrow you are sad. Our only hope, our only source of is the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. [Music] And and now and here we are talking about Israel. Israel is a nation that God treat he walked with them as a nation. And the prophet told us that the success of [Music] Israel is because the king was the lord of heaven that as when the other countries all the other nations they had kings but Israel a king was the lord of heaven. And how was he leading them? He was a spirit. He was leading them by a prophet. Is that the truth? But one day they wanted to be like all other nations. They said, "Oh, we want a king." And when they they they asked for it, they had Samuel. Uh Samuel tried to bring them in remembrance what was happening to them. They said, "You have the King of Kings. You have the Lord of Lords. Why do you need another king? He's going to make you slaves. He's going to torture you." He showed all of those things, but they said, "We know all of those things, but at least we want a king." They didn't say they rejected God, but in rejecting the prophets, they rejected God. Are you with me? So when you reject a prophet, you're rejecting God. Because God doesn't act outside of the prophet. That's why we are special people. We are we've gotten so much used to the message. And sometimes we think we are like others. But let me tell you this. The prophet makes the difference. [Music] The reason that we are different is because we have received a prophet. Amen. Amen. The Bible says it was by a prophet that the Lord took Israel out of Egypt and by a prophet. Israel was kept. Even the very security of this people was dependent upon the prophet. Is that the truth? Asha was with his [Music] servant when they were followed by the Assyrian army. His servant was scared as we are scared many times in situations. Elisha said, "Lord, open the the young man's eyes so he can see what we have. that he may see the invisible army that's around us. And God opened his eyes and he saw that those that are with us, they are many. But on the other side, he was he didn't understand. Every time they had a plan, the plan was uh alh messed up. There were many. But every time they'll come to attack Israel, the plan was going to be revealed. And the king will ask himself a question. What's going on? Why are all our planes being revealed? Somebody said, "Listen, they have a secret. What is the secret? They have a prophet. examples and when they have a prophet everything every time we planet God reveals that to a prophet that's how the prophet is the security of the people amen our salvation our deliverance will depend upon the prophet that's what makes the difference that's what makes us different from Babylon amen Amen. Amen. Amen. Today people want to bring the prophet back to the Bible. And I know there's many the preachers knows that. There's a lot of people. Oh, we need to bring the prophet back to the Bible. We need to bring the prophet back to the Bible. They said, "Do you understand what you're talking about between the word of God and what's written in the Bible?" Let me shock you for a little bit. The word existed before the writings. Is that true? When Genesis chapter one when God was creating was there any scripture written man uh paper mo Moses was not there was nothing written but John tells us before in the beginning was the word and the word created everything so it wasn't the writings that created everything But it was the word that came from God that created everything. And when Moses wrote it, it was the testimony of the word of God. So the the writings are the testimony of the word of God. But the word of God is the living word is the fresh revelation that God is giving to whom he so will. He is sovereign. There was I Abel and Cain. The both of them were worshippers. They had good intentions. They didn't have any writings. May maybe somebody should tell me that they read somewhere there was no writings. not able. It was by the revelation that he understood that it was about life that they had to offer a sacrifice an animal. So if you wanted to bring Abel to the writings, you were going to be at in the air. Do you understand what I'm saying? Abraham, our father Abraham, he saw Elohim. He saw three people. How did he know that one was ever there? Did he read it somewhere? And that one you will see through the one that you will see in the great t that's Elohim. It was by revelation. So the prophet you don't bring him to the writings because it's a prophet that interprets the writings. It comes with a revelation and what comes from the prophet that's what gives you life. That's why the latter will kill it. But it's the spirit that giveth life. So let's leave those things about trying to bring the prophet back to the writing. We are living by the words that were pronounced by the prophets. And I've I've listened to it for 36 years and I never get tired of listening to it. Nothing will separate me from this message. For me, it's life. For me, it's salvation. For me, it's everything that I have need of. I I didn't go through theological standing here because I believe the prophet. I don't have any uh uh preaching. I only repeat what the prophet says because that's what gives me life. Are you with me? Oh, glory to God. The revelation, you cannot understand it. You cannot explain it. There was a a a sister who had a blood issue. Nobody told her that he had to touch the garment of Jesus. So when you go over there, just touch his his garment. She never read it anywhere. But she receive a revelation. Revelation is personal. Are you with me? A revelation is not shared between people. When God wants to speak to you, he speaks to you individually. That's why the prophet said that our exodus is so exceptional because it's an individual Exodus when God is calling individuals that will be members of the body of Christ. We don't believe in a global revelation because every every revival produces a group of [Music] people but not everybody is there for the same. There's only the minorities and it's always in the minority that will they will hold on and understand the Exodus. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Listen, I called my subject tonight. Partnership with God. Uh, a a partnership includes two people. We are partners like a man and a wife in business. We could be part partners and that would mean that there's a contract negotiated between two parties. You sit. We want to do something. We want to get somewhere. Excuse me. I I shouldn't have brought this phone here. Forgive me. I'll switch it off. Okay, I'll sit there. Okay. Put it in the devil's camp. I was saying a partnership includes two people. You want to do something together and you agree upon the terms and in a contract. There's uh uh rights, privileges, there's privileges, obligations, and there's obligations and there's also concessions to do. Do you understand me? So, two people they have to agree, oh, I'll give this, you will give this and we'll sign a paper. We'll work together. And I'm not talking about the business of this world. I'm speaking about God's affair business. And the prophet says that man is in partnership with God. Is that true? A man is God's [Music] agent. that God cannot do anything for man without coming to man. Is that true? That's why we believe the prophet is a man. [Music] But God cannot do anything without using an agent, a man for your salvation, for your deliverance, for your healing. God will use a man. And the prophet said, "The most difficult thing for man for God is to bring one moral to believe another moral because man will see man. Oh, I see all his failings. He's just like me. What's the difference?" [Music] But God need a man. He cannot do it by trees. He didn't send stars. He will always send a man. Man has a trouble understanding that. And the second thing I want to add God has [Music] difficulties to bring a man to believe in himself. It's a problem. Man doesn't believe in man in himself. Man will believe in somebody else but in himself he won't believe in himself. Do you believe? Do you understand that? Then you'll see men will run here and there trying to find healing because they hear oh there's an evangelist over there. They'll run over there. Oh, he he heals. That one heals. Oh, he does miracles. There's no man that heals. There's no man that saves. There's no man who delivers. God is the only deliverer. God is the only one that can deliver. God is the only one that can save. Amen. Amen. Salvation is not up to man. It's God himself who's going to do it. But the problem is you have to believe in yourself. I'm not going to be long. We're going to get there. We see uh Gideon uh in the time of trouble. It was very difficult that every time he planted [Music] and the children of Israel, they'll come and they will do all the hard work. But at the time of the harvest, the Medidianites will come and they'll take to destroy everything. It's like you and I, we work me for instance, I'll tell you that every time I receive my salary, I I'm more stressed than when I didn't get my salary, I I'm I'm I'm the moment I get paid, I get the stress starts because the medianites are around there. Oh, the rent is going to go hidden. Oh, tax is going to take that. Oh, electricity is going to take that. Insurance is going to take that. Oh, this is going to take that. I find with I I'm left with nothing. I work for what? Medianites. You understand? It's the truth. It's the truth. It it's it's truly people are under pressure under with tension all the time. You're watching TV or news. It's you are there's nervousness. People that come from Congo like me. They know that if you if you follow the news, you're going to get stressed. You know, sadly, it's not just Congo. Even in now in America, I was in a church in Columbus. I preached there. Uh before I started preaching, the pastor came there and he was crying. Half of the church left. Why? Because they are Haitians and they were they were intimidated by all of the the the presidential talk about immigration and they decided to go back how much stress that caused so it's difficult times. I don't know how it works in America, but there in in where I come from the country, even sending kids to school is a problem. They teach the kids about sexuality. You think about that. I teach I send my kids to get get educated and they'll tell my my my son or my daughter, you are trapped in the wrong gender. You are you are in the wrong body. You understand that? It's very stressful in all sense of life. And in all of that, the children of God, they forget their position. They are consumed by circumstances. And I call that the crisis of identity. When you forget who you are, it's a crisis of identity. That's what happened to Gideon. He saw sufferings. He didn't know what to do. But he found grace before God. God wanted to come visit him. He was the one chosen to get the people out of the suffering. But before I can say that, I would like to insist on this. The Bible says there in Judges. And it's because of their disobedience that God allowed a Medianite to come and impose that suffering upon them. It's God who allowed the Medidianites to come after them. So in parenthesis in our lives as the children of God things happen but we have to pay attention. There's two sources of of of uh uh um negative the of negative things. You have to examine your life when things are happening in your life. A child of God will go back in the word and he will he will compare himself with the scripture and he will try to see is there something I need to fix with God the prophet said in in a message be certain if you have things to fix with God you fix those things and if there are things that you need to uh to to do restitution. Go ahead and do that. You be sure that you between you and God, there's nothing there's nothing that's going to stop your relation with God. And then after that, if the situation doesn't change, but says that's the faith. Just be still and know that he is God. Go read the story of Lazarus. Lazarus got sick. They tell Jesus the g the healer. Instead of him coming quickly, the scripture says that he went even further away. It was probably at that time just a headache. They tell him and he went away. The disciples says, "But why this kind of conduct, but it's your friend. They tell you that he's sick." He said, "Be still." That the sickness of our brother Lazarus is for the glory of God. A sickness for the glory of God. Yes. So there are things that can happen for the glory of God. [Music] And he didn't want to intervene at that time because he wanted the situation to get worse. Because the more darker the night [Music] get the more the light will be shining. When the the trying is greater, the glory is also greater. So when you pray you say why is this situation getting worse? God wants to to get a greater glory in that situation. So when you are in order with his word just be still and know that he is God. There was this man who was born blind. The disciple asked Jesus, "Why is he born blind? Is it because he sinned? Is it because his parents sin?" Jesus said, "No, he didn't sin." The parents didn't sin. But he's born this way so that the works of God might be manifested. [Music] God had attributes [Music] that he was burning to [Music] manifest. Ask yourself, how is he going to manifest those things if everything was in order? If you want a simple an easier life, how are you going to know him in his attribute? If you never gotten sick, you will never know is Jehovah Rafa. Is that true if you never been in sin? You never going to know he's a savior. That's why he allows those things to come so you will know his attributes. That's why you don't have to [Music] complain. The prophet said that the problem that God had with the children of Israel was that they were constantly complaining and complaining and complaining. God delivered them. They testified of that. They danced on that. They sang on those things. But it's just a little temp trial come quickly. They started saying asking forgiveness from Pharaoh. Oh, Pharaoh was a mistake. Moses lied to us. We want to go back to Egypt. Over there, we had tomatoes. They forgot that they were crying. That's the problem with people that are complaining. [Music] a a a man who's or a woman who complains, he is crowned by Satan. Did you ever read that? If a man or woman constantly complains is crowned by Satan because a child of God, he will he will hold on and he will be able to take the trial because he knows that all things work together for good. those that don't love God. I say to my church in our language, there's no failing. We we're never going to fail. Either we win or or we win or we're going to learn. You understand? A child of God will never fail. When you try something, if it didn't work, God gives you an opportunity to learn. But the next time you're going to overcome, there's no failing with God. Amen. [Music] It's the mental state. Amnesia causes us to forget who we are and for causes us to forgive to forget who God is. And so was the case with Gideon. God [Music] comes mighty man of father. [Music] Imagine it was a young man who's never been to a fight. He's never been to any fight. But God looks at him. Mighty man of father. The first thing that Gideon does is to look himself. He said, "Is this man serious?" He's talking about me. It's not a story. is talking about you, you, you and you. I'm not I'm talking about us. The Bible says those things are written to serve as of example written. He wrote his word in men and women. And the prophet said the thing that God did, he will do the same today. If you come on the basis of the same word. Is that the truth? So when when you speak about Gideon, I'm talking about you. I don't know your problem. I don't know what your difficulty is, but God is calling you mighty man of valor. And you should say amen to that. You are a mighty man of valor. You don't know yourself. Now Gideon says, "Why are you calling me mighty man? Look at the suffering that we have going on. Look at what our enemies are doing to us. They talk to us of what God did for our fathers, the miracles and all the the things So now Gideon is giving God a a history lesson. And that's that's why we that's where we excel. [Music] God did over there. Sister George, [Music] sister, the the the boy in Finland, but you are in the circumstance. The God of Harry White is your God. He has never changed. Are you listening to me? It's good to testify of the history. Butam is saying to for what good is a historical God if it's not good for me if it cannot anything for me. Why am I going to testify? God is giving you an opportunity to talk about yourself, to talk about your story. We say in English, there's no testimony without a test. There's no testimony without a test. Brother says, imagine living a life without tension. We were we're going to be like a dog. Everything is good. All is well. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Eleazar was sent to find a bride for Isaac and that's the mission for brother says brother says Elisa went to find character and character is not a gift character is a victory you have to fight so you can have victory Then God will give you character. [Music] Even Jesus Christ was formed by by the trying. Who are you to say that God will not send me a test mighty man of valor? He says, God tells him, "But it's you who's going to deliver this." He looks himself again and said, "I'm going to do how am I going to do it?" God said, [Music] Go with the strength that you have. Is that what the Bible says? FBI. He didn't say go form an FBI over here or go form an army over there. God starts with what you have. Hallelujah. It's already in you. But when says in a message faith, all that man has need of for this earthly trial, God has already placed it in you. It's not going to come from outside. Are you saying amen to that? Your healing is already in you. Your salvation is already in you. Deliverance is already in you. Brother says you have to activate that by faith. Is that the truth? Everything is in you. But you are you don't know who you are. Mighty man of valor. Another similar story. Another contract. Because all of this when God meets a man in order to give them a mission, it's a negotiation of contract. God does concessions. God will ask you for something. There was Moses. Nobody knew Moses. His name was not written in the Bible. But he's the one who wrote the Bible. Anyway, when I speak to people, the unbeliever will say, "Where's the name of William Brham in the Bible?" It's just ignorance. God doesn't give the name in the promise. It's when the promise comes to pass that we see what God promised to come to pass. We say, "This is God." That's it. Moses came out of nowhere. When when God talked to Abraham, he was he didn't say, "I will send unto you Moses." [Music] God will fulfill his promise and it's he himself who will choose the man by which he will bring the promise to come to pass. And most of the time he does it to confuse human intelligence. He calls Moses. Moses understood something because his Moses mother told him told him what he should have he should do. But like many of us, we try to go a little faster. It's true you want to do this. But did you pray? Are you sure it's the time of God? Are you believe that it's the season for it? A child of God says, you will find the will of God in prayer. You will search the scripture. Amen. We are not just you wake up and you do whatever. God has a a a will a will for your for your life and it's for you to search that [Music] will. That's how he he hides supernatural elements into our lives because if you if he shows you your whole future, you're not going to seek for it. Is that it? Moses, he went quickly with his intellectual understanding and he he he made a a great mess of it. But God took him somewhere to negotiate the contract because God needed a partner. He promised that I will come down. And then it says, I am calmed down. But God, you have come down. But why do you need a man? Because God does nothing without a man. Because man is God's partner. When it's for our deliverance, God doesn't come like a spirit. He comes as a kinsman redeemer. Is that the truth? So Moses also situation. He's before the situation. God wants to change him. God said, "I'll send you." Moses started to do the same thing like Gideon. Look at me. Who am I? the army of the United States of America because at the time Egypt was almost like equal to a United States who am what am I going to do God says mighty men of power you have everything in you doubt okay okay let's see will use what you have. What do you have? Take your hand. The hand of who? The hands of who? Of Moses. We're going to use what you have. Take your hands and put it in your bosom. Oh, leprosy. Oh, where did this come from? Moses, he came from you. Put back your hand again. Oh, it's gone. You see, you have all the power. You can create sickness. You can also bring healing. So, everything is in you. Moses says, "Really? What was it?" God was opening up his consciousness to make him realize that he was also because Omnipotent and man is omnip omnipotent. Have you ever read that? Omnipotent. Man is omnipotent. And God is also omnipotent. It says when the two omnipotent come together. Miracles has to [Music] happen. Nothing is impossible to them that believe. And nothing is impossible to God. The two together will bring forth h lightnings. That's the partnership that's coming together. God says to Moses, "I'm going to deliver this people, but I need you because the law of redemption requires that it be a kinsman redeemer. I cannot do it as a spirit. I need you so I can send you." Moses doubts again and God says, "Wait, what do you have? I have a stick." It was a stick of who? Stick. The Moses stick. It wasn't a stick that came down from heaven. It was Moses stick. God said, "We will use what you have. Take your stick. I want you to throw it on the floor. He throw it and he become a snake. He says, "Oh, oh, it's my Moses. See, you are powerful. You are mighty man of valor. You don't know what you are able to do. My brother, my sister, you don't know what the power you have to do. The word is here to open our consciousness so we know that we are like God. Is that the truth? But says we are creators. Is that the truth? [Music] You can create a world and go live in it. It's just under control. A child of God when he goes somewhere there's a situation that's not going your presence can change the circumstances if God is in you the creator you too you can create amen we had we received a man who understood that William William Brham That's why we talk about him. He understood that [Music] Moses go with what you have. You will deliver this people with what you have. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Don't ask yourself questions. Where would the strength come from? The strength will come from you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. But says God never promised a life without trouble. Is that true? He's not going to say that your life will be easy. Everything will go well. But he promised your grace so we can overcome our trials. That's why a child of God cannot complain. I don't complain. Even when things go wrong, I know God knows why he's doing that. He knows the way. He's the one who called me. But when says nothing can ruin you. Give it back to him. Tell him, God, it's you that call me. It's you that knows the way. It's you that knows tomorrow. It's not a you that knows the circumstance. It's you that brings the circumstance. I know that you are in me. That's the secret of the contract of the partnership. God gives you the power and he reminds you that you are powerful and you give him your flesh. That's why says a man totally surrendered to God. You see the condition totally surrendered to God is omnipotent. When you are surely surrendered your life becomes a thunder. Even the devil cannot understand you. Because God place upon you all the anointing. You become a mystic. You are in front of circumstance. You you you have the skin of a lamb. Humility. But you yourself, you come where there's sin because God doesn't tolerate sin. You have the anointing of the lion. You call out no that not this the same person you are in more afraid like our God you come before a circumstance that requires intelligence God gives you intelligence let me tell you about the story there was a sister who was talking to uh unbelievers about the Bible. Like the unbelievers, they like to debate about the word. Do you believe the the Bible really? The sister says, "Yeah, I believe the Bible. It's the word of God." Do you believe everything? The sister said, "Yeah." Even the story of Jonah. He said, "Yes." You believe that a man can be swallowed up by a well three days and three nights? They say sister say yes I believe. Is that how you believe that? I really don't know how to explain that because the word of God that doesn't explain the Bible the word of God that it's not for explanation is to believe. It said one day I'll meet brother Jonas in heaven and I will ask him explain to me exactly how that happened. The unbeliever look at him how do you know Jonas is in heaven. The the intelligence of the man comes the sister says don't worry because you don't believe that you'll be in heaven. Then when you'll be in hell, you're going to ask him that question. Debate is over. It's the intelligence. The same person when it's about the problems of this world that gives him the anointing of an eagle because the the anointing of an eagle is not terrestrial. The eagle is given to fly. God gives you wings to fly. All of the trials and the problems when you feel like there's a devil just starts to fly. Why? Because you are an eagle and quickly go far. You'll go in the supernatural. Is that the truth? But a brother says that God is like mother eagle. He likes to take his children all the way up. All the way up. And when they get over there, they look at the world down below. Oh, you little Satan. You cannot do anything to me. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. I'm going to stop short because the time is gone. Listen. says a guide about paragraph 35. You know why there were seals at the end of the seven seals? We know who God is, his nature, his being, how he act, what he loves. Inside of us, nobody knows God. It's us that know God in his characteristics because God opened that to us. And the prophet says after you know God that means we have to be high up there in the statue of the sons and sons and daughters of God. And when we are up there, we're looking everything down. When a little demon comes, we say, "Oh, you are down eagle. I'm up here. Nothing is going to scare you. Nothing will bother you. Nothing will scare you. You You have the power. You are omnipotent. Amen. He who is in us we say like a slogan but before situations we forget says God had uh three perh three-fold purpose the first purpose was to reveal himself. The second purpose is what I want to talk about. He wanted to have preeminence. He wanted to leave to live in man. And the prophet says that the only prayer of Jesus was to be in communion with us. [Music] The same way that you are in me and I in you, I would like to have the same communion with them. Me in them and them in I. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. That's why the Holy Spirit, it's a marvelous promise. Because it's by that's the means by which God can come and dwell in us. Before that they also had intellectual faith because they heard they believed intellectually. But as long as the Holy Spirit was not there, there was no true conversion. That's why the same Peter who one day he took his sword to to defend Jesus. St. Peter, he he he he uh he denied Jesus and Jesus looks at him and says, "Peter, it's not the battle after flesh. You need the spirit. And when you be converted, strengthen your brothers. It was it was also his own experience. It was that was Pentecost. Pentecost was the conversion. Peter who was uh uh scared the day of Pentecost. It was a man changed says, not a man, not a woman, not a preacher, nobody can call himself a Christian if he has not met God in the burning bush experience because you have to have your own testimony. The faith is a testimony. David had the faith. And his faith was based upon his experience. That's why he was going from victory to victory because he knew where he met God. Every time there was a he knew that a God who delivered them over hell is the same God who will deliver him over you. He was so sure because he had an experience. My brother, my sister, without the personal experience, you will never get anywhere. It we It has to revolt us. Instead of waiting for somebody to pray for you, discover who you are, even before they pray for you, you already have the solution. Jesus is in the boat. Jesus in the boat with you. He's just trying to sleep. He wants to see the reaction of your face. Just wake him up. Wake up Jesus. He's in you. He's not somewhere else. He's already here. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. That's why we have the act of the apostles. It was the act of the Holy Spirit in the apostles. They didn't call themselves They didn't call him Christians. They didn't call themselves Christians. People saw them. They say these are Christians because they saw the the works of Christ in them. Christ was in them. That's why they had the courage. When Peter was walking, they saw the man on the gate called beautiful and said, "Oh, look. You asking for money. We have more than money. We have life. We have Christ in us. We have the power in us. We are omnipotent. Stand up and walk. That's what the church had needed. Men and women who will prove that God is not in history. But it's the it's the gospel in present time. Amen. [Music] For what good is it to paint a fire for somebody's call? He need a real God. That he needs your God. You You are mighty man of valor. Now the power was in the apostles. Everything was good. When one day they asked Jesus, [Music] We want to see Jesus because people need Jesus. They want to see Jesus. Even today, people want to see Jesus. When and then he says when a seed falls on the ground, he said it will not abide alone. It will not reproduce itself. The world needs Jesus. We need Jesus. So the the grain has to fall so it could produce a Jesus so that the works that I do you can do it also not in quality in quantity because Jesus will be here Jesus will be over there will be Jesus on the other side will be Jesus on the other side do you believe do you understand what I'm saying not the physical form but the same spirit because Jesus is the same yesterday, today, and tomorrow in every detail with outside of his physical being. He you will always see him. He changes tabernacles. Oh, we're not going to go there. But when I said that the Holy Spirit was tied by denomination, but God promised at the end that we will restore. We are in the time of restoration. That's why we receive Malachi 4 back to the original faith. Is that the truth? That's where we are. And says, I'm just going to read this situ this uh quote also. Today, you and I, we have possibilities that no other man has never had in any other age. Can we read that in Easter Seal paragraph 259? Listen, there are enough devils in hell to keep us from doing it. We were forain of God for this hour. The word of God manifests itself right through us and we live in the presence of God. by the word promise of God and any devil in hell can keep us from ris [Music] raising and a door he could shut in my [Music] face at that morning the seal have been broken hallelujah I'm free I'm an eagle I'm no longer in a cage. But I'm free. I'm raised from the dead. I'm into a new life of Jesus Christ. Not only in me, but in every man and woman. Boy or girl, sitting right here, sitting here, sitting here that's been filled into the spirit of God. is a new creature in Christ and you are an eagle. We are alive today and enjoy the resurrection forever more because he lives. We are we are alive. And he's alive is living. He's living us making us alive. And the spirit that raised him from the dead dwelling in our being shall quicken our mortal bodies at that great eternal Easter. Glory to God. Oh, take that [Music] world. And take any anything you want to give me Jesus. Amen. I love him. He's all the world to me. Amen. This one. No sir. No. [Music] And because that you are a part of him, I am a part of you and you are a part of me and together we are a part of him. Continue. All Christians, what an opportunity we have. We have opportunities that simple never deem never dreamed to have. We have opportunities that Enoch and Elijah and all them had never had. [Music] The opportunities we have now Amen. Can you say amen to that? [Music] The bride is living under her privilege. Under her privilege. You've taken God and send him into history. Take God out of history. He belongs to you. You You are part of him. You are his bride. He loves you. It's him that called you. Nothing can run you. You are alive today and you will live forever. May the Lord bless [Applause] you. Praise his wonderful name. Hallelujah. Oh my. What a message. What a word. Why don't you just praise the Lord? Why don't you give him praise? Why don't you just start Thank you, Lord, for the word. Oh, the opportunities you have. We have opportunities that Paul didn't dream of, the disciples didn't dream of. What an opportunity. You're eagles. You're eagles. You can fly. Just fly above it. Fly above the world. Fly above your trial. Fly above your afflictions. Oh my. What a word. What a what a what an atmosphere of praise. If you can give me the key of F. Holy words long preserved for our walk in this world they sound with God's own heart. Oh, let the word of God impart. Words of life and words of hope. Give us strength. Help us. In this world where we wrong, the word of God will guide us. Oh, word of God is true. Changing me and changing you. Oh, we have found with hearts. Oh, let the word of God. [Music] The words of our faith [Music] hand to this age came to us who sacrifice. Holy the faithful word of Christ. Holy words long preserved for [Music] our in this world. Here is [Applause] [Music] now the word of God. Word of God is true. changing me and changing you. Oh, we have come with open hearts. Oh, let the word of God. [Music] The seven sins have been redeemed is now the world and word alone. Our Christ is here to take us home. Word of [Music] God changing me and changing you. Oh, we have with the word of God. Oh my, what a message. What a word. I I was rejoicing in that. You're eagles. I had something to me just I just wanted to fly and I started thinking of that song. You know, some glad morning. Yes, sir. Oh, we're going to take a step. We have opportunities that Enoch never had and Paul never had. I mean, the seven seals have been revealed. You know, you know, it's it it could be tonight. It could be tomorrow, but one of these days, we're just going to step right on out of here. And I got to thinking about I want to just fly right now. I know. I know some glad morning we'll fly. But, you know, we can fly right now. And while you're flying above all your trials and above everything else, when that little imp that devil comes around like he was talking about that eagle, you know what? I'm just that that that squirrel's chatter chatter chatter chatter chatter chatter. You made a mistake. You fell. You did this. You know what that eagle did? He said, "You know what? I'm out of here. I'm just tired of it. I don't want to listen. I'm out of here." Oh, just set your wings, little eagle, and fly. Well, some glad morning. Well, [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Why we praise the Lord? Thank you Jesus. One of these [Applause] words. We just just want to say a prayer of dismissal for those that want to stay in worship. Thank you. Just continue to seek the Lord. You know, I just we never want to dismiss without giving somebody an opportunity. I I just love the message. You know, God placed all the potentials inside of you. When two omnipotents meet, well, the only thing you need is just to have a collision. Amen. You know, Moses had that burning bush experience. Every single one of God's children's just gots to come to that place. Who me? I'm a mighty man of valor. Yeah, you. Yeah. You don't know what I've put inside of you? Let me show you. Just take what you got and go. And some of us just say, say, "Hey, Lord, I I need to meet you. I need to know who I am and who you are." You You can ask him right now. He can come to you right there. I I've had it happen many times. So while we close in prayer, you know, we don't want to just dismiss you and say, "Oh, we heard a nice sermon." Just go. No, you take this word into your heart. You feed on it and say, "Lord, you're what a partnership. What a partnership you're called to." I tell you what, if you want a partner, there's no better partner. And to think that God called you. Heavenly Father, we're just so thankful for the word that we've heard. Lord, we rejoice to think that you've called us, Lord, and you elected us and you chose us and you placed all the potentials right inside of us, Lord. That when the word would come, it would produce a faith to start believing, Lord. And it would unlock all those potentials of who we are. That we could be omnipotent, Lord, because it's you in us. Greater is he that is in us than he that is in the world, Lord. We're so thankful, Lord. Maybe there's somebody here that doesn't know you, Lord. May you just come to them. May they in their condition right now just start to cry out to you and say, "Lord, I want to know you more. I I know I know a God of history, but I need a God of right now. I need a God in my trial and my situation. I need a God to save me and to deliver me, to heal me. I got addictions. I got things that I'm battling. Lord, I need you to come, Father. Lord, we know that you can come to them right now with where they're at standing, Lord. You're you're a God of grace and mercy and compassion, Lord. And we just ask that you just move upon their heart right now, Lord. There's somebody here that still has a need of an affliction. Lord, we just pray you go to them. Father, may you minister to their needs. Lord, we just love you. Pray you be with us as we go. Father, we we just are so thankful for your grace and your mercy. Lord, may you give back to the man of God who stood here and ministered. Lord, may you restore back to him and continue to give them lifegiving, prevailing revelation. Lord, we love you. We just pray that you go with us as we go our separate ways now. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Pour your spirit out on me. Fall just like the rain. You are dismissed. Saturate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Feel my heart me. I need you now. Pour your spit out. Lord, I see you. [Music] Lord, I seek you. Help me find you. Thou [Music] art my [Music] triing for your love. [Music] Lord forive me if I follow you. Oh, you are all I ever need. I made you. Oh, pour your spirit out on me. Oh, my bra. Serate my thirsty soul. Come and fall aresh on me. Fill my cup again. Fill my heart and make me. I need you now. Pour your spit out. [Music] I have a father. He calls me his [Music] home and he'll never leave me. No matter where I go. Oh, and he knows my name. Thank you, Lord. And he goes by every thought and he sees each tear that falls and [Music] he I have a father. Oh now I am the father [Music] only matter where I Oh, and he knows my name. Hallelujah. He knows my love. He sees [Music] each and he I have a maker. [Music] I [Music] have before my [Music] heart and before time be all my life was in his [Music] He goes for my [Music] He knows by every fall. He [Music] sees me. He knows my name. He knows my name. [Music] He knows my every heart. He sees He and he my Lord and the only real peace that I have here Lord gives you. The only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. Oh, with all my frustrations, I need you. And I know I [Music] do. Only only real peace that I have. Dear [Music] Lord, the only that I have here in you. The only real peace that I have, dear Lord, is in you. Oh, all lies, frustrations. Oh, I need you and I know I do. Oh, for the holy gra. [Music] You almost turned the coil. [Music]
