################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - [2025-06-15pm] Our Security Is In Christ  Br. Billy Mbuyi - Billy Mbuyi.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-15
Title:    [2025-06-15pm] Our Security Is In Christ | Br. Billy Mbuyi
Speaker:  Billy Mbuyi
Church:   Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 3m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MbIesiEsjHA
========================================

Description:
Our Security Is In Christ
Br. Billy Mbuyi
Sunday Evening Service 
Christian Life Tabernacle
June 15th, 2025
Bedford, Texas

The church body of Christian Life Tabernacle began in 1978 when David McGeary moved to Texas from Arizona and began pastoring a small group of believers in Haltom City. Presently located in Bedford, Christian Life Tabernacle is a City set on a Hill in the middle of the Dallas-Fort Worth metropolitan area.

Christian Life strives to be a witness to the DFW area by proclaiming the Gospel of Jesus Christ that has been restored in its fullness by God through His servant William Marion Branham. As an angel messenger to the Gentile church age described in Revelation 3:14-22, this Prophet’s Message was supernaturally vindicated by God to be the Truth, and ministered an exodus from the creeds and doctrines of this Laodicean church world.

"Not for one moment do I bring a message to the people that they may follow me, or join my church, or start some fellowship and organization. I have never done that and will not do that now. I have no interest in those things, but I do have an interest in the things of God and people, and if I can accomplish just one thing I will be satisfied. That one thing is to see established a true spiritual relationship between God and men, wherein men become new creations in Christ, filled with His Spirit and live according to His Word. I would invite, plead and warn all to hear His voice at this time, and yield your lives completely to Him, even as I trust in my heart that I have given my all to Him. God bless you, and may His coming rejoice your heart." - William Branham
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Heat. Hey, Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Let's all stand. [Music] You were the word with the beginning, one with God the most high. [Music] to him in glory creation now revealing our Christ. What a beautiful name. [Music] [Applause] What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a beautiful name it is. Oh, nothing less. What a beautiful name it is. The name of Jesus [Applause] who didn't want without us. Jesus you are from heaven. [Music] My sin was ra [Music] now. What a wonderful day it is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a wonderful name it is. Nothing is. What a wonderful name it is. The name of Jesus that could not hold true before you silence the seed. [Music] The heavens are glory. Praise of your glory for you are raised to life. You have you have no right. You have no [Music] forever. You reign and yours is the king. Yours is the glory. Yours is the name above me. What a powerful name. What a powerful name. [Music] What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ might. What a powerful name it is. And nothing great. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus. What a powerful name it is. What a powerful name it is. The name of Jesus Christ my king. What a powerful name it is. Nothing can stand against. What a powerful name it is. the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. Jonathan, come open up our service. A word of prayer. [Music] Let's pray. Christian heavenly father. Lord God, it is a privilege, Lord God, for for us to be gathered, Lord God, here in this sanctuary, Lord God, this evening one more time, Lord, to hear from you and to receive from you. And Lord Jesus, we just want to invite your presence, Lord God, amongst us, Lord. And Lord God, there's definitely more than two folks here. And so we know that you're here. And Lord God, we come with great expectation, heavenly father, Lord God, to just draw closer to have our roots uh dug a little deeper and rise a little higher in in Christ, Lord God, this evening. And we just thank you, Lord God, for this opportunity. And bless all the musicians, Lord God, those that have put forth an effort and the word that will come forth, Lord God. May we have ears, Lord God, to receive. And may we just pull on the gift, heavenly father, Lord God, that you've placed in our brother's heart, Lord. We just love you, Lord God, tonight. Just count it all glory and all praise and honor, Lord God. It's due you, Lord God, for this opportunity. We just thank you for it. In the name of Jesus Christ, we ask and pray. Amen. Let's sing. Come and die. I believe it's in the key. See, oh Jesus had a table spread where the saints of God are free. He invites his chosen people come and die. This man he supplies our every need. Oh sweet to s with Jesus all the time. Oh, come and die. The master calling, come and die. Oh, you may feast at Jesus table all the time. He who fed the multitude, turn the water into wine, to the hungry calling out. Oh, coming down. All while the disciples came to land for us to men. All the mass were called to their home coming. Oh there they found their hearts desire. Bread fish upon the fire. The satisfy the hungry. Every time we come and die coming [Music] all time [Music] to the hungry calling now. Oh come and soon the lamb will take his to the ever side. All the hosts of heaven will a single be [Music] will be a glorious son. All the saints in spotless one. With Jesus we will be eternally. Oh come [Music] and you feast Jesus to all the time. He fit to the water to the one to the hungry calling now. Oh, coming down. Oh, when pain of death she's on my soul unto the Lord I pray till Jesus came. [Music] I will. [Music] Oh [Music] Jesus. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh Jesus. [Music] Where in my world? [Music] Heat. Heat. Oh, [Music] heat, [Music] heat. In the ocean where my Lord was [Music] my Hey [Music] Jesus Christ. [Music] I need [Music] to stay and it made me whole. I will not be denied. [Music] Hallelujah. I will offer up my life in spirit and truth. Pouring out the oil of love as my worship to you. In surrender I must give my every part. Oh Lord, receive the sacrifice of a broken heart. Savior, what can I give? Oh, what can I bring to so faithful a friend to so loving a king? Say, "Oh, what can we say?" Oh, what can be done as a praise of your name? All the things you have done. All my words could not say not even in part of the dead that is all by this thankful heart. He deserves your every breath. Oh, you deserve my every breath. For you paid a great cost. Oh, giving up your life to death. Even death on the cross. Oh, you took all my shame away. Bear in my sin. Oh, open up the gates of that. [Music] Jesus, what can I give? Oh, what can I bring to so faithful a friend to so loving the king? Savior, what can we say? Oh, what can we s the praise of your name? All the things you have done. Oh, and my words could not tell. Not even in part. But the dead of love that is all my sinful heart. Let's sing that second verse again. Sing it with all your heart. Oh, and you deserve my every life. For you paid the great price, giving up your life to death, even death on the cross for you to call my shame away. Bear defeated in my sin. Oh, open up the gates of heaven and have beed. Jesus, what can I give? Oh, what can I bring to so faithful a friend to so loving the king said? Oh, what can we say? Oh, I can be sung as the praise of your name for the things you have done. Oh, when my words do not say, not even in of the day of love that is over by this faithful. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh, thank you, Jesus. I don't know what key this is in, but let's sing How Great Thou Ar. [Music] Oh Lord my God, when I notome, oh consider all the world is thy hands have made. Oh, I see the stars. [Music] Oh, I hear the rolling thunder. [Music] All thy love throughout. All the you [Music] this. Oh that s my soul, my savior God to thee. Oh, how great thou are. Oh, how great thy [Music] soul, my savior God to thee. [Music] How great thou are. How great thou are. Went through the woods. and through the ruins and flies of wonder. Oh, and here the birds sing sweetly in the tree. [Music] When I look down, oh from lost in my temper, [Music] hold and hear the ground. Oh, and feel the jackets. Oh, and see my soul, my savior to thee. Oh, I great. [Music] He's a great God for how great thou my soul [Applause] [Music] to thee. [Music] Oh, how great thou are. How great th and when I sing. Oh, and when I hallelujah that God is son, not scary. [Music] Oh sh all my s can take you [Music] that on the cross. You got to believe it. Oh my word. [Music] Glory and [Music] to take away my sin. This is my soul, my heart to thee. [Music] How great. Oh, how great thou are. My soul, my God to thee. How great thou are. How great thou when Christ shall come. Oh when Christ shall come. Oh sh of the nation. Oh, and take me home. My joy shall free my heart. Oh that I shall [Music] be [Applause] creation. [Music] Oh, and there [Music] my God. [Music] This is my soul. My heart to thee. How great th Oh, how great [Music] This is my soul, my savior to thee. How great thou are. [Music] How great th Hallelujah. We have no new written requests at this time. We want to remember our pastor as he's out should be making his way back towards the end of this week. Praise be to God. We also want to remember, we've mentioned before, Brother Tommy and Brother Andrew that are out. For all those that are out amongst our midst, those that are at home sick, those that had a desire to make it out here but aren't able to. We believe we just sung about a great God with that same great God could make a way for them to be in the house of the Lord. If you have a need upon your heart and you want to make it known to him by the uplifting of your hands, trust the testimony of your voice. If you confess he's a great God, you'll meet your need. May the brothers that are coming to take the tithes and offerings, please come up. We'll ask brother Benjamin to come and pray for the tithes and the offerings and take the need for [Music] [Music] pray. God Almighty, truly you have a thankful heart, Lord, that at this end time, Lord, as there are listening spirits, Lord, throughout the the land, Lord, that you made a way, Lord, that you provide a way and a pool that for your children, Lord, to be able to be pulled away from this spirit, Lord. So, we thank you for this grace that you provide us, Lord, that we may that we were selected before the foundation of the world, Lord. And we're put aside, Lord, with the world that's been fully revealed to us at this moment, Lord. We give you many thanks for that, Lord. And we don't want to take this for granted, Lord, because we are special people. We're no longer special than the the other people that are outside, Lord. But it was because of grace that we are here, Lord. So we thank you for that, Lord. And we know there's many need in our body, Lord, but you are the God that provided all, Lord. Lord, remembering our brother Jose and his wife, Lord, as they're making their way back, Lord. We thank you for the miracle that you've done in their life, Lord. Truly, it is our brother has been a blessing, Lord. We cannot wait to see him back in this house. Lord, as you sing, Lord, these smiles truly brings happiness, Lord. So we thank you for having, Lord, but that you have healed his wife, Lord. May you bless them where they are, Lord, as they're coming back, Lord. Bless each and every need that's here, Lord. Bless us, Lord, that you are the great El Shadai. Lord, you are the great, you are the presented one, Lord. You said, Lord, your prophet said, Lord, that you are where whatever do we need, Lord. maybe spiritual desire Lord, maybe physical Lord that you are you you will give us strength in each in each of that Lord that we need Lord. So we give you thanks, Lord. And and we ask, Lord, that you may bless our brother that's preparing, Lord, to come here and minister to us, Lord. We are the end time, Lord. It's no longer time to play games. So Lord, we want something strong from you, Lord. We want to feed, Lord. We want to have a word that that can make us take a step further, Lord. So we ask that you may thoroughly use him, Lord, that when he comes here, Lord, cast him aside, Lord, that you may speak to us directly, Lord. We want to walk out of you, Lord, different. We want to walk out of here, Lord, closer to you, Lord. We do not want to remain the same. Lord, we want to advance. Lord, we want as our prophets told, as the prophet said, Lord, it's time to take out take out of here. Lord, we are astronauts. Lord, we do not want to remain in this earth. Lord, we are we are pilgrims, Lord. Lord, we do not want to stay in our camps, Lord. We want to take a step further, Lord. We want to take further, Lord. The wind may blow. Lord, there may be trouble, but we know there's a God that's there, Lord. You are here, Lord. Awakening Jesus, Lord. He's right next to us, Lord. All we have to do is tap him, Lord. Lord, come to to save us. Lord, come to we need you, Lord. We will lean to to you and you give us strength, Lord. It is your promise and we are in great expectation, Lord. A prophet that once more said, if you come with expectation, Lord, you shall receive what you came for, Lord. So, we ask this, Lord, knowing that you are God that provide offer, Lord, bless our pastor once more, Lord, may you have been with him, Lord. Refilled him, Lord, strengthen him where he is, Lord, and all the brothers that went to be with him, Lord. by the time me and injury where they are Lord bless them Lord as our body said this moment those are sick home streaming or traveling Lord may your mercy be with them Lord may your presence also be visit them Lord and us that are here Lord may we pay attention to your word so that we may not be a stumbling block for the one next to us Lord may we cast oursel aside and listen to your word and be and walk out of here different Lord so we bless so we give all back to you Lord and we ask all this in the name of Jesus Christ bless the tithe and offering in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. As we turn our hearts towards the service, we hearts this song's been on my heart. We haven't sang it in a while, but we're truly a blessed people. See, I have been blessed. [Music] I have been blessed. thought so good to me. Precious are his thoughts of you and me. No way could I count them. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for love divine. God has been good. Oh good. I have been blessed when he walks among us. Oh, and when he walks among us, all that he does, all of his mercy, all of his love is the bread of the rider [Music] every day. And even his worth could never contain. I have been blessed. [Music] Oh, I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are love. So you and me. No way could I count it. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank him for love divine. God has been good. So good. I have been stand [Music] for us to die on the cross. our sins and redeemed the lost. He sent back his spirit to those who believe a fountain of life for others who see. Oh my god. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] God has been so good. I have been my of the hour. [Music] The hour [Music] is [Music] Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, so good. I am. Amen. You feel blessed tonight? Amen. Why don't we just bow our heads to him? Gracious father, surely the expression of our mouth cannot express everything, Lord. And father, for all that you do for us, Father, we are such a blessed people, Lord. And father to know that you have chosen us before the foundation of the world and given us the opportunity to view the things that we see. Oh God, Lord, we know within ourselves, Lord, we don't merit any of this. And it's the unmmerited favor of the mighty God. And you came and you chose us and you elected us to be part of the bride. And Lord, we are here just giving you glory and honor and thanking you, Lord. And Father, I believe with all my heart that the song of our life is a song of thanksgiving, Father, if we ever stray from that, we pray you forgive us. But Father, that our footsteps may always claim mercy and grace and love. And Father, because that's the way you brought us in. And it wasn't because of anything we've done. It wasn't because of our knowledge, but you came and you lift us up. and father the desires of our heart that we may extend that same mercy to others to one another that the same God may be manifested in our midst. We just want to commit the few moments that we're going to spend together. Lord we pray that as you spoke to us this morning father come again one more time and father just open your word for just few minutes that we may hear from you and know that God really spoke to us. We commit everything we are and we ask these things in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Let's open our Bibles tonight. Amen. Are you happy to be in the house of God? Amen. We want to continue to remember those that are out as it was said, our pastor and brother Andrew, but Tommy and all of those that are traveling. Let's open to a very familiar scripture reading uh uh Romans 8:28. [Music] Let's start from uh Rom 8:28. It says, "And we know that all things work together for good for them that love God, to them who are called according to his purpose, for whom uh he did know. He also did predestinate to be uh to be conformed to the image of his son that he might be the firstborn among many brethren. Moreover, whom he did predestinate them he also called. Whom he called them he also justified. Whom he justified them he also glorified. What shall we say then? What shall we then say to these things? If God be for us, who could be against us? We ask the Lord to bless his word. You may have your seats tonight. Amen. I trust you enjoy the word this morning. I I'll tell you this. Um I was just sitting there and um there's just something that struck within my heart as our brother Matthew was preaching. I I want to say this. Uh I'm so glad for the pool. Um, and whatever you want to look at it, whether it be the pull as the message being the pull or the pull in your heart, it all works together. And I want to say this, the pull is really what define those that are here and those that are not here. I I just want to say that from the bottom of my heart. I think it would be a very sad position to be in when the word is preached and there's nothing in your heart that's being pulled. I I I I'm being just as the the the grace of God that we have received is that we can come to the church of God and hear the word of God and there's something inside of your heart that wants to identify with what's being spoken. Why? Because God placed the word in your heart. He placed the seed there. When the word of God is preached is pulling that word and that word is pull and it's pulling and you you desiring what you're hearing. Why? because there's something that wants to identify with the words that's being preached with. Without the pool, we are no different from the guy walking down the street. The pool is really the only thing that makes us different. When he comes, it reveals his word to us. There's a pool inside of our heart that wants to identify. Remember, the end time message was not sent just so we can hear it and get knowledge. It was sent to change and turn the hearts of the children. So the only way the heart can be changed is if there's a pull. If there's something that's working on it. If there's something when you hear the word that says, "Lord, I don't want to be what I'm what what I what what the world is calling me to be. I want to be what the word is calling me to be." So So they had to be an attraction. A pull is an attraction. Something that draws you near. And that's what the Let me say this in the kingdom of God that God doesn't confirm by government. It's not a rule where we come with, hey, you're going to come and and this is the ruler that we're going to measure the skirt and this is how your pants have to look like. No, there is such a thing where we know as the scripture will say in the in the Old Testament that I will give you a heart of flesh. I will take the stony heart and put a new heart in you. But when the word of God is preached, there's a pull inside of your heart that will bring the conversion into your heart. It it doesn't help to bring people and tie them by either fear or whatever it takes. No, what it takes is the word of God to come forth and to create the change that is needed. I don't want to be a hypocrite. I want to be one that's changed by the word of God. And that's the reason why the pool exists. So we can receive the word of God and be changed. So he comes and when the word is preached, let me say this, the end time message is the accumulation of faith. This is the word that was preached since the beginning and it's been accumulated and at the end he reveals the entire word of God so you can receive the original faith. We we're just not like we're not wasting our time here. We here receiving something. We here being pulled by the word. We here getting ready for the rapture. That's around the corner. And and these are the that we have to realize that. So I I thank God for the pull. And I and I want to say this. Every time the word of God is preached, don't be shy. Don't be don't feel don't feel condemned. Feel happy. Know that the word of God is preached to better you. It's not preached to condemn you with the world. is preached so you can be saved. That that that's the purpose why we preach. No, no one is here to to try to condemn others and say, "Oh, you're not a Christian. You're not." It's not up to men to decide that. God's decide that. But the word of God is preached so you can receive it in your heart. So you know the instruction that is given so something inside of your heart can identify with what's being preached and you could be changed. I I just want to for a few moment and as we read the scripture if God be for us who could be against us. I I just want to preach uh and I want to say this not preach speak. We don't have enough time for me to preach so I just speak. Um I I was fellowshipping with brother Matthew on this in the morning and and I I I feel like I was just maybe a little much drawn into it the Israel conflict and and you know I I'll just say this from my own heart just for the few months I I've been so drawn in just the accomplishment of prophecies and the many things that we are seeing my my you know my heart has just been drawn and and and and maybe I spend more time than I should, but you know, that's a different story. But just to see all the turmoils and everything and you every time you turn around, the word of God is bring is coming to pass and and and and the word of God is coming to pass. And then you you your your heart is is is wanting to make sure that you're ready and everything that you do. I I don't want to miss it. I don't want to be caught doing something that I'm not supposed to do and everything and and but but yet you find that in this very time where the heart is supposed to be on fire you see some cooling and and so then as you read the word because you understand the word is given to us but says as ministers we we we see things and we have to go into the word of God so we can bring it to the people and and so within your own heart you you you want to make sure that there's an awareness that when when these things happen that there's also a promise that's promised to the bride that we should be in a certain state where our hearts are getting on fire where we know that we are almost at the end that the the the we we not guarantee this is going to go long. We are at the very end that we could be that we need to do all that we know to be prepared for the rapture that's coming and the rapture that's around the corner. So, I was looking into this and and and and if you got a chance to listen to it, it it it was such a um something that was just unexpected. There is no word to to explain. Uh because Israel has been wanting to attack Iran for the longest and and and and no president, American president would allow them to do that. You know, all the president, no, you can't do that. You can't do that. we're going to go and and and and I thought this was the greatest deception that's ever been created. Iran was in the middle of negotiating the nuclear deal, if you know, and they had sequences of meeting. They had one more meeting left in order for them to finalize what the agreement was supposed to be. and and I and and I thought maybe you know they went they were skeptical on the first meeting second and whatever. So they were preparing for this meeting so they can come and say this is what the you know final statute is going to look like this is what we can agree and everything and it's at that time that they get hit and and it was so orchestrated if you hear I this is probably for the history books 200 planes going in and out and you got to measure the distance passing over you know countries in and Syria and Jordan and going back and forth and and destroying the infrastructure, destroying the nuclear and and and and all of the the the the the the uh Iran is known to be part as part of the Middle East and there is no country that has more ballistic than Iran. So you can really see that this was and and this will be studied maybe for many years. How did they pull this off? because he was so orchestrated and I thought I said they I mean you you can't prepare for this. You can't you can't secure yourself for this. This this shows you that when they call for peace there's a certain distraction that's coming and you look and and I've just began to think in my heart and this this title just came to my heart that I want to speak for just few minute. Our security is in Christ. Amen. Our security is in Christ. And and I just want to say this, we we do a lot of things to to protect ourselves, to secure ourselves. And you know, whether it be in relationship, in finance, in health, in work, and you know, we go to school so we can secure a good job. And you know, we work hard and you're trying to make some money so you can buy a house in a good neighborhood. And you do all that you can and you do. And I want to say this, all of those things are good, but our true security only lies in the word of God. That they that we we can try all that we can. We we we try to save some money in the bank and, you know, we we we can try to put our kids in the best school that we can afford and we can try to put an alarm system in our houses and and try to to get signals when something happened. But let me say this. Ezra scripture will say that except the Lord builds a house, they that build it build it in vain. Except the Lord keepeth the city, they that watch, they watch in vain. The Lord is our true protector. The the let me say this, the the our security is not in the multitude of the actions that we take. It it's not in our protection or what we can do. Our true sense of security lies in the word of torments that we have received. And and and let me say this, the world is in the brink of war. Now that this has happened, you know, United States is already over there helping with all the projectile that Iran is sending about a thousand a day trying to help Israel because they're trying to overwhelm all the systems, all the the the the uh Iron Dome, the the the the I believe it's David Sling and the Patriot missile. They have all of those things to protect. But even those, as brother Matthew said, they're not enough. The true security of any nation, of any people, and every group is the word of promise. That's why it's not time to to waste time and said, "Oh, I got to go get that." The devil is the master in destruction. He wants to get you distracted where you can worry about this, worry about this. And in that time, he's working his deal and he's working things so he can destroy you. Our true protection and our true watchman is when we look at the word of God and we prepare oursel against what the word of God ask us to do. That let me say this. We've said this before. The true protection of Israel has never been with the arms or the gain or the the the arms or everything that they can do. It's all been that God has given them a promise and by the promise they are protected. Hallelujah. We we look security in our jobs. We look security in in in everything that we do. But our greatest security is the fact that we are in Christ. The scripture says that heaven and earth will pass away. But my word, let me say this. When he says heaven, heaven and earth will pass away, it's the building, it's the mortar, it's the cosmos, it's men thinking. Everything that you see with your eyes that's man-made will pass away. It it doesn't matter how great or or how great an invention or or a a car was an airplane is or AI or whatever you want to call it. All of those invention will pass away. All of those invention are we're going to fail. The only thing that will stay is what was promised. What God spoke will stay that will stay forever. Amen. Oh my. I was uh thinking and the prophet will speak is I forgot to to if you can find it I forgot to copy the title of the message and he he's now speaking even about God's nature towards man God's way of doing things it says I believe it's in the message preparation I'm not sure it says now preparation God before does anything he always prepared the people for it now we can see he spoke it in the Bible before we could go to height or war. It says we first have to prepare for for that war. If we're going to get married, why you prepare for that time and you prepare and and you have preparation and before you could uh come to church, you made preparation. The ambulance uh uh brings you and the loved ones bring you. It says and you have to get certain amount of money ready before you could you could come. It's a preparation. And God is always God is always prepares the people for the event that's just about to happen. Now he continues on. He says, "And may I stop here just for a minute and say, I believe that the people are in a preparation for the last great distraction this world will ever known. I believe that we are at the end. You can speak to the people. You could put a Billy Graham in every city in United States. You will drink uh it says they will drink whiskey and smoke cigarettes and laugh at you and everything else just the same. It says they are in the spirit of the last day and God cannot send destruction before the people are in the spirit for destruction. Think about it. So the gospel will not do them any good when it's preached. In fact, all it does is create condemnation. All it does is place them into a judgment spot. Why? Because there's no pull in them. Why? Because there's nothing that wants to see the word of God manifested into their life. Why? Because they are there. You can preach all you want. They There's nothing they were not made. There is nothing in them that desires the things of God. And let me say this. He continues on paragraph 185. Oh, this is probably a different message. I'm sorry. He says, "The same God and the same prophet that predicted the word of God." And then it says, "Or the wrath to pour out pour out and told us this coming blessings." I'm so glad. It says God God never does a nation a destruction without a warning. He never gives them He gives them a man. He gives a man a distraction. He never gives men with a distraction without warning first. And now he does that. We have to got something that's happened to us. The vanication of the sign of the last day with us. The great Holy Spirit moving among us and charging the church with his presence, vindicating his word. Then the church is getting ready for a climb into the sky one of these days by the power of God because it's a warning to lay aside every weight and sin that so easily beset us. We might fly with patience. It says that we might that we might fly with patience the raids that's that set before us for the author and the finisher of our faith. So now he's speaking here. The word is in the condition that he is where it's rejected the word. But now he's saying but there's a people that God has given a blessing to. They've seen the vindication of the word of God. They've seen the word of God come to pass. And those people are preparing so they can fly into the sky. Those people they have received that word and that word is sent to them for the for the sake of preparing them for the event that's to come. Let me say this my brother my my sister rapture is not a story. Rapture is a reality. Rapture is here already. Rapture is the end time message that you have received. Rapture is a pulling in your heart that's preparing you every day and one of this moment you won't be here. Rapture is not an event where you walk up and then things happen. No. Rapture has been on earth since the prophet showed up. Why? Because if there's going to be an event, then there has to be a people prepared for that event. It's not time for us to relax. It's the time where we need to be found into the father's business. We need to be found doing the things that God called us to do. If you are called to be a housewife, you do housewife things. Wherever you are, you are the representation of the word. Why? Because the word has to be represented in every person, in everywhere you go, in every schools, in every district, in every place, whatever you do, you are the word of God manifested for that place. So he sends warning and and and so God is preparing his elected one. And and I want to say this and it doesn't matter. Many will come and and and will say, "Well, I don't know if I'm prepared. Let me say this. The preparation is not done by you. The preparation is done by the word that you have received. You just make sure you believe and you stay with what's given to you. The word will prepare you. Amen. God calls for holiness. You can produce holiness if you wanted to. We we we we we measure ourselves. We weigh ourselves in the balance against ourselves. and the results are no good. The if God calls for righteousness, God will produce righteousness. If God calls for holiness, God will produce holiness. If God calls for rapture, God will produce the rapture. So what you and I need to do is to believe the word that we have received. Is to stay with the word that we have received and let the word produce what God requires out of us. Oh my. So, so he's building and and it will take him and whatever question you have for him to bring the answer. But when I'm say that God is his own interpreter, if we have received the word of God and we are the word of God, then God has to do the interpretation. If he interprets the written letter, he has to interpret himself in your life. So you would know who he is. And the interpretation is not bound to be the same, but it will produce the same result because it's the same God. The scripture as we read in in Romans uh uh 8 and 31 it will say but if God be for us who can be against us my brother my sister God is not against us God is for us. We you we we didn't come to church as enemies of God. We came to church as children of God. And and Paul is here speaking. He says if God be for us who can be against us? And let me say this, the Satan is the one who tried to drive a wedge between you and God. Point out all your mistakes. So you all your un unbelief and all that you can and cannot do. But let me say this, the word of God that you have received will produce what God wants to produce in you. God is not against you. God is for you. What he desires out of you is for you to receive his word so you can receive what he's asking for. If the word calls for salvation, God will provide salvation. In fact, the scripture says that God gave his only begotten son. Let me ask you now, how can somebody be against you and give his only begotten son? Amen. Now, and when he sent his only begotten son, he said that whosoever may shall believe that those that will believe that he sent his only begotten son. God provided a lamb so we could be righteous. God provided a lamb so we can come to the house of God. God provided a lamb so you and I whatever sin we had done that he could be forgiven that we can come and and worship him in the house of God. Now if if you go perhaps let me just take this as a type in the Old Testament. Let me say this. No one was was allowed to even enter the temple without a sacrifice. Let me say this the way said it. No one was even allowed to worship without a sacrifice. You say, "Oh, I just want to worship God." No. Without a sacrifice, you are not you don't even have access. But but God in the Old Testament, he provided and and through the blood of bulls and goats and men will bring animals and and turtle dove and all of that and will and will come and and through that God will allow them to come and worship, will allow them to come and lay their hands and their sins will be forgiven. We understand that the blood didn't have the power. The blood of the animal didn't have the power to change the nature. But yet through all of that, because it was the word of God that was given to them that provided them access into the temple. My brother, my sister, Jesus died so we can have access to God. We we had that was just a type. But Jesus came he came so he can die for the sin of the whole world. He came and he that's why said that there's only one place that God meets a man and that's under the shed blood. It doesn't matter what you have done. There's one place and why am I saying this my brother my sister there's no security outside the only security is to come under the shed blood. We we don't want to become religious people by understanding. No we want to change your heart. We want to turn of heart. We want a true conversion. We want a true new birth by the word of God so we can have access to him. It was provided and and our security is not even based on our performance. Oh, I didn't lie today. I must be close to God. Really? You know, I'm so amazed how Jesus when he came to the Pharisees, remember it said many stories that they could even take a needle and just point out every scripture when they p puncture the scrolls and they washed their pen and pots and they were holy and and in fact Jesus looked at them and said, "Unless your righteousness exceed of those men's." Now, but when Jesus came in his head, they presented him the law and they said, "As those that obey the law and did all the law," he looked at him and says, "It is written that adultery normally is when a man goes with a woman. But I say unto you, just by looking, I tell you this, there was no man left that could stand there." When he told them, it says, "Who that has never sinned throw the first stone," they were reminded of all the words that Jesus spoke to them and they knew they were just as guilty even though they didn't participate in the action. And and I'm why am I saying that? You can never find righteousness outside of the word of God by your own self. And I want to say this, you might as well take it as a practice. Every time you find yourself unrighteous is because you judging yourself outside of the word of God. You say why? The word has called you righteous. The word has called you clean. The word has called you uh elected. The word, in other word, when you look at yourself, your nature, your natural, you will find those things. But if you consider what price has been paid for you, God didn't pay the price so you can continue to remain in sin. No, he paid a price so you can be converted and changed and your heart changed. Let me say this. As soon as your your your nature change, everything is done. You you may say, "Well, I I I I still find myself falling into this." Don't worry about that because it doesn't that nature that change you, that nature will take care of everything else. The Bible said many people will come, oh, I don't go to church. Oh, I want to stop smoking. I want to do this. They said, "No, that's not the way to do it." Then if you stop smoking, it's by own strength. You come to God and let him take away the cigarette. Oh, I still do this. You got to him. Let me say this. Our security is only in Christ. Whatever you find yourself, whatever you struggle with, whatever you find yourself in, you go into Christ. Amen. Outside of Christ, we are nothing. In Christ, we have everything. Yes, you are justified and declared righteous. Who shall bring any charge to God's elect? It's God who justified him. Jesus interceded for us all. Our defense attorney, as we heard it this morning, no accusation can stick to those that are in Christ. Hallelujah. Think about it. No accusation will stand for those that are in Christ. It says, "Who shall separate us from the love that is in Christ?" For the love of God that is in Christ, he asked a question. It says, "Shall tribulation, distress, persecution, what is it showing? There is nothing that would separate those that are elected from the one who elected them. There is nothing that would separate no death, no angels, no demon, no future, no past, nothing. We are more than conqueror through Jesus. and and and people will come and and form a false sense of security and and they'll come and they think it's by the obedience by men trying to do things that they can obtain righteousness. But when says your righteousness is filthy rag, the only righteousness we have is through Christ. The only uh uh thing that we can claim is that God has changed us. We can come here and know that I'm not what I used to be. I'm not what I wanted to be. I am what God wants me to be today. I've been I can know that what what I am today, what you see today, it's not a result of my own work. It's the work of God that made you who you are. But when we say we'll speak about man's deception and it says and and the time that we are living in, it says we are at the end time. Something's taking place. I believe this is uh God keeps his word paragraph 54. This is preaching 57047. He says God keeps his word. Some's taking place. Some's taking place. And he says there's no way to stop it. There's no way. There's only one way out of it and that's up. Oh my. I'm so glad. There's no way out of it. The only way is up. You say, "Oh, I'm Switzerland. I don't go to war. I'm peaceful." Uh-uh. The only way out of it is up. Oh, I I'm going to go in some remote country in Africa or go hide under a stone in Madagascar. No. The only way out of it is up. The only way out of it is up. It says, it says there's no way of trying to hide. There is no hiding place but one. It says as a little girl used to sing here. We just uh we just as a boy preacher, we used to sing. It says there's no hiding place down here. I went to the rock to hide my face, but the rock cried out. There's no hiding place down here. But there's only they uh there is a hiding place. The name of the Lord is the mighty tower. The righteous run into it and they are saved. How glad we are to have this hiding place at the end time. I I love it as was preaching. We should be the one dancing everywhere we go. You know when people are talking about the the calamity and the things that's happening, you just over there saying, "Thank God. I know there's a hiding place. Thank God I know there's a hiding place. When you get fired at a job, thank God I know there's a hiding place. When there's no money to foot, there I know there's a hiding place. When trouble comes your way, thank God I know whether be sickness or whatever it is. Let me say it. It will end. The only thing that won't end is the word of God. We have a hiding place. We're not left just alone to debate. We are here with the word of God has been given to us. Let me skip for the take of time sake of time. I believe the same message. Let me drop to paragraph 56. It says, "Brother, we we've weighed a a a past of borders and mercies until there's nothing left but but judgment, but the righteous will not have to be punished with the unrighteous. God will come and Jesus will redeem his church. It says and we'll go up in the air to meet him. It says it will be far beyond any bomb, any trouble. It'll be uh it will it says and it will be protected during that time. Will be protected during that time. So children back to your back to your God quickly. Don't tangle with the world and or for anything. Stay out of the modern world. Stay out of the modern theology. Just look to the lamb. Let the lamb of God. Read your Bible and pray all the time. Don't worry. Be rejoicing and happy for your redemption of the church draw it nigh. We shall see him who died for us. It It's that time that we live in. My brother, my sister, we have been running for a long time. We have been waiting for this moment a long time. I'm telling you, when we get to the end, it's not time to be sad. It's the time to be rejoicing. Since the beginning of man, we've been waiting for this time when it finally all will be over. The first age came, the second church, the third, the fourth, and the fifth, and the seventh came. Oh my. But there's a promise that there's not going to be an eighth age. That we are standing on the brink of the end where all things will be made new. He says, "Behold, I've made all things new." He says, "When you see these things, look up for your redemption drawth nigh." These are comforting words to the believer. There's only one hiding place and that is in Christ. Amen. In the message El Shari paragraph 46 it says look it could happen any time. There's not one thing left the come that the coming of the Lord is at hand. We see in the hangers of Rashra and all different worlds bomb and the things that were destroyed the complete destroyed the in uh the world in a snap. The world could could not stand it. And before it takes place, the church is going to glory. No tribulation. Uhuh. Uhuh. No. There are people that are candidate for the rapture. And I believe I'm looking at them. Candidate for the rapture. How did you get in it? I've been elected as member of it. It wasn't by my righteousness. It wasn't by my No. Oh, somehow God opened my eyes to see it. How did I know? I wasn't looking for it. I wasn't searching for it. He came and he brought me out of sin. He sent a prophet messenger. He opened my eyes to it. All of the sudden, he told me, "I'm not only stopping you. I'm taking you into the rapture." And I believe him. Remember, before any rain ever falls, Noah was in the ark safely. It says, "Before any fire ever fell, the angel said to Lot, get the hands, get out of here, cuz I could do nothing until I've gone. I've done I've gone hands got away from here." church going out before the destruction comes and the sc it says and the scientist world says there's three minutes until midnight. The clock is ticking away all the time. Eternity is existing. Eternity is is fixing to set in. The world knows science science world knows said it would scare the people to death. It says now, let me just finish it up. It says you've heard and and I'll put it out and it's put it out on radio. We know the time that the time is at hand. And if we can happen before the morning, the church is gone. The church goes before that happen. How close how close is the coming of Christ? Amen. Hallelujah. Brother, I'll tell you, you can't dig you can't dig deep enough to hide from one them bombs. They will blow a hole to the ground. Now, you know, they call him bunker buster. I don't know if this is a quote, but there's another one, but one of them says it says, well, I mean, let's say you can dig 200 ft down, and you know, he says just the very vibration will kill you. vibration. I mean, no, let me say you survived. Who else is left with you? I mean, this is serious. I mean, it's like, why? Why? Why make the provision to stay? Why? Why make the provision to say? Why make provision to suffer when a free gift of God has been given? When a whole table is full. When we can come and rejoice. When we've been given the opportunity. My brother, my sister, run for the opportunity that's given. Hallelujah. He says, I said I was not going to preach. I'm sorry. This place says that it says it'll blow a hole in the ground for 150 miles. 200 ft deep. He says, "How are you going to get down there?" If you build an iron cage or build or or building 500 ft deep, the concussion would break every bone of your body. It's got such a if you if it got such a place, there's no hiding place down here. You could cry you could cry to the rock, but it will tell you there's a bomb shelter. But it says, "But I'm telling you, there's a bomb shelter at uh there's a bomb shelter at that. I've made out it's it says it's made out of feathers under his wings." Amen. There's a shelter, the everlasting shelter in glory. That's the place of refuge, the place to flee to feathers. That's insane. But with faith, it's possible. I'll fly away. I'll fly away. My David said in Psalm 91 and when he says, "He that dwelleth in the secret place of the most high shall abide under the shadow of the my almighty. I will say unto the Lord, he is my refuge and my fortress, my God. In him will I trust. Surely he shall deliver thee from the the snares and the the the files and from the noise pestilence. He shall cover thee up with his feathers. Not iron feathers. Feathers. Now think about it. You know God has a way to do things. Yes sir. Very very paradoxal. He's made it to where the unbeliever cannot believe it. When the unbelievers hear it, it's like, you must be going out of your mind. The make believers will look at you and just decide to make anything he wants out of it. But yet the believers will hear it and say, "Praise God. It's just I all I need is feathers. All I need is just for him to give me full feathers and I'll fly away out of here." Amen. And let me say this, but but when I preach a message, the believer's position in Christ, oh my, I I said I don't have time to go through this. Our position is in Christ. Our hiding place is in Christ. Our security is in PL is in Christ. But Rom says that we have been elected and chosen to be in Christ. It says, how do you get in there? By one baptism. It it it's not by conversion. It's not by education. That's why when we preach this word of God, perhaps we say it, you know, you say, "Oh, you guys say it too much." We say it so you can know it. It's not a place where you come by education, where because your parents come. No, it's you knowing God for yourself. Come to a place where your nature have been changed, your desires have been changed, where you live for him, and where you know that he's your hiding place, and where you know that he's the one that saves you, where you have something in your heart that's beating for him, where you feel the pull in your heart. And he speaks, he says, he speaks, he says our identity is not in the things that we find around us. speaking to the believer's position in Christ. He speaks on and it says we we come and he says uh if I could just turn there. I'm sorry. Let me just turn there so I don't uh uh speak too much here and and and and get to what I'm trying to get to. So he speaks and this is uh in in uh Ephesians chapter 1 and we know it very well. Now remember uh it just says a background before I can go quickly that the Ephesians the Ephesian book is equals to Joshua. It's the same. Now remember what was Joshua's mission? Joshua's mission was to divide the land of promise that was already given. Now remember Joshua's job was the division of the land. But the land was a predestinated land because Joshua didn't give the name. What Joshua did, he gave places based on names. But the names were given by the Hebrew mothers as children were born. So as they came to earth that the mothers gave the name and the name identify them to a certain place to something that they were supposed to do. So is the Holy Ghost in the end time. When the Holy Ghost comes upon you is so he can bring you in the predestinated condition that God wants you to be from the beginning. Yes. That's why when we even talk about the new birth and and forgive me for this, the new birth is not changing you into something that you never been. Now, that's the message of the hour. The new birth is to bring you into the original condition that God when he thought about you, what he wanted you to be, not what the devil made out of you, not what you came from for from sin and the way that you came through. The new birth is the identification to the original you. So he he speaks he says now let me just skip some. He says grace be to you and peace from God our father. He says blessed be the God and the father of our lord Jesus Christ who had uh who had blessed us with all spiritual blessings in the heavenly places. All not some. The entire word of God being revealed to you. The entire book, not a partial book anymore. The entire land belonging to you. Not physically, spiritually. Think about that. He's made known unto you all. It's a spiritual blessings that he's made according as he has chosen as in him before the foundation of the world. that we should be holy without blame for him in love. He says, "Having predestinated us unto the adoption of children by Christ to him according to the good pleasure of his will." If I will never finish. We are predestinated people. We we we I think we we tend to forget that a lot. the the the the Satan wants to brainwash you into thinking you you you are born of these parents, natural parents, and and and follow the your lineage. Go take a DNA test and find out who your great great great grandparents were and then you know find out what they did and do the same thing or you you came from this country or that country. You have a greater purpose than that. and and and the what the the word of God at the end time. That's why I you could call me a fanatic that you want when when you could take it all the way from the beginning. Oh, they came and they were justified. They were happy for their justification and that was wonderful. They knew they were sinners that there was justification. Once they confessed their sin, they were justified. That's wonderful. That worked for that age. Sanctification came. They receive understand that in order for the Holy Spirit to come, they had to be set aside for service. They had to be clean vessel that God was going to use. That's wonderful. But I want to say this, all of that was still from a man's perspective. They came in, in fact, the Holy Spirit came. They were renewed with power from above. They did great signs and wonders and everything. But yet, there was still that the Paul speaks about when I do good, evil is present with me and everything. But the prophet comes at the end time. He's now not looking at you from the man's perspective. He's looking at you from God's perspective. Amen. And let me say this, if you if you ever going to win and become an overcomer, you have to look at yourself exactly as the prophet described it. Amen. Because the anytime you attach any main spot to it, you will always the devil will always find a way to defeat you. But if you look at it from God's perspective, the only reason I'm here is because I was with him from the beginning. I love it how the prophet was standing. He's describing God in the beginning. He was alone. He was with his attributes. He says, "Let there be." And he stops right there. It says now when he was in that form you were in him. Now why is he doing? He's giving you a weapon and overcomer. It doesn't matter what the devil does with his flesh. You are not the flesh. You are what was with God in the beginning. So he comes and now listen to this he's speaking and the scripture will speak it's our position in Christ it's our position in Christ we he doesn't want you to to get stuck into the identification of who you are in the flesh he wants you to know that your victory is in him. Your salvation is in him. Everything that you are is in him. Your, in other words, let me say this. Every time you are in Christ, you are victorious. Outside of Christ, you're just looking at this back of bones. Never forget that. And so when you take yourself, consider yourself always in Christ. How do you get there? By the new birth. He's birthed you. So you can get in there and consider yourself in Christ. The scripture will say in 2 Corinthians 5:17, it says, "Therefore, if any man is in be in Christ, he is a new creature." Oh, I love that. But Ram says it's not the old you. God is fixing it up. It says, "Oh, I know Benoir, he's got some good things in him. you know, if he comes to Christ, we'll just patch him up and, you know, take out the bad things. No, it's a new creation. This is not the old creation. This is a new creation that came by Jesus Christ. This is I want you to think about the virgin birth. The devil come and mess up all that God was doing. God said, "I'm going to start a new. I'm going to create a new creation, and this creation will not come by man. It will be by the spoken word." That's why he came at the end time. He says the at the end cannot fail. Why? Because she's a spoken word virgin bride. Why? Because she's word just like Jesus was word. Let me say this. If Jesus didn't fail, you can't fail. You like Jesus? Yeah. The firstborn among many brethren, the beginning of that creation. Right? You're you're not the flesh. Don't counting your flesh. The flesh is to be brought under subjection by that new you that comes by the word of God that is supposed to take over this flesh and drive it into a place of obedience. But it's not you trying everything that you can to How many here can testify that they had something that they were struggling with and one day they just woke up it's gone away. Not by your effort, right? Ah that's the new you taking over. You think God doesn't know you have struggles. What he doesn't want you to do is to give into those struggles. He wants you to stand your ground. He wants you to fight. He wants you to know who you are. He wants you when you fail, you say, "Aba, father." When you fall, you say, "Father, I didn't mean to do that." He's looking at you. He's looking What is he doing it for? For the perfecting of your character. He knows what's in your heart. He knows what you really want to be. No, no, no true Christian wants to be a sinner. No Christian, no true Christian wants to do something to offend Christ. But because of the battle in your flesh, the enemy will constantly attack you and it's for the the real you to put the new this this flesh under subtraction by the word of God. It says so now he's saying it it says now say therefore if a man be in Christ is a new creature the old the old things have passed away behold all things have become new. What is he doing? He's giving you a new identity. He's saying that if you are in Christ, you're no longer the Benoir that we knew by the flesh, but you are now the Benoa that we know by the spirit. Your your nature has changed. Have you ever met somebody says, "Man, what happened to you? Oh, you used to be this way. Why? What happened? You died. That's why every day when that old man tried to rise up, we kill him. Every day. Not let me say this. This man will always try to rise every day. You your job is to kill him. Your job is to take the word of God and shoot him in the head again. Boom. Your your is to take what is it called? That that two thing holes. What do you call that thing? That the gun with two holes. A shotgun, right? You just take the shotgun and just shoot him again. Don't let him live. Every time he rises up, you said, "Well, I just need to remind you you're dead." Boom. I just need to remind you it's time to die again. Boom. In Christ, we have all things. outside of Christ, we will be a failure. Let me just stop there for the sake time if the musician could come. We'll continue another time. He says in Romans 8 and1, "There is thou therefore no condemnation to them which are in Christ, who walketh not after the flesh, but after the spirit." The enemy loves to accuse. Look at him. You know I I you know if you ever wonder where this enemy is that just he will accuse and you will hear his voice. You did this. You in your mind look at you. You know oh you know you said this. You shouldn't said that. You done this you that. I tell you I can't find I I it's hard to just go a day without you getting accused for something you did. If I spend my days listening to him, you're going to look crazy because all you're going to be doing is debating on with him every time. That's why the Bible the prophet say read your Bible and pray. Why? Because you are leading to an inspiration. You need to feed the new you. You need to be feeding by the word of God and getting through the spirit so you can have the strength to overcome. If you are in him, you're not guilty. Why? Because he paid for your sins. If you are in him, you under the grace of God. You don't walk in fear of judgment. Oh, if I do this, God is going to punish me. If you are at that stage, you need a better relationship. We do what we do because we love him. It's because of what he done for us. We do what we do. We come to church because my there's not enough hours in the day. There's not enough time. There's not enough tongue for me to speak about his goodness for towards us. We we want to show everybody around us that God is a good God. We want to show that the it's an appreciation of the work that he's done in our life. There's something we refuse to let the shame or the things that we have done. We want to show that God has make us free from the things that we used to be. He says Ephesians 1:3 says blessed be the God of our father Lord Jesus who had blessed us with all spiritual blessings. He says all the spiritual blessings all the treasures belong to you. He says in John 15 and5, I am the vine and ye are the branches. If he abide in me and I in you, the same bringeth forth fruit. For without me you can do nothing. In him we can do all things. outside of him, we can't do anything. If I can encourage you tonight, let's get into Christ. Let's run into the source of our security. Let's stay in there. You know, when says it speaks about the type of the temple, it says if you are in the outside, you are subject to the rain. And you know, when the rain comes, your Christianity is based on the weather. You know, if everything goes right, you are a good Christian. If somebody cuts you off, your Christianity stops right there. You will pick it up after you give him your two senses. And then inside you were subject to the candlesticks, right? So as long as there was oil, you were a Christian. And then the moment the oil runs out, it's darkness. That's not what we want to be. But he said, "But there's a place by me. There's a place in the rock. There's a place that's called the Holy of Holies where we are called to be into Christ. Whether it be bad weather, good weather, whether it be uh uh trials, no trials, whether it be uh anything that happens, nothing moves you. Why? Because you find yourself in there. You always have peace. You know that if he wants it for me, I will take it. where there's something in your heart that's at peace that as long as I'm in Christ, I am good. It doesn't matter whether I have, don't have. It doesn't matter whether I'm sick or well. All I want to do is glorify him when all is said and done. That's the place we need to be. Not, oh, today the stock market is down and you are in the bad mood that day and you know, tomorrow, oh, inflation is up. you know, you don't know how to pay your bills and you're scratching your head. He said he's the father. He'll provide for you. In fact, let me say this. He's made a provision already. There's nothing that's going to cut you that God doesn't know about, that he was not prepared about. He already provided everything. If the lamb was slain before the foundation of the world, so is everything that we have need of was already provided. Let's all stand. [Music] Amen. I I don't know. I just pray that Lord will lead us in that we may as believers of this message walk more and more into the revelation of our age that the things which were promised that we may walk by them and that we may see the manifestation of Christ in our life. That's just my burning heart desire that Lord get us ready for rapture by the word of God. Let us the it easily let away the the weights that so easily besets uses the sin and the things and that we may be so focused on Christ until nothing matters. Nothing else matters except him. Is that your heart desire tonight? Let's just lift your hand to him as we sing this song and just say, "Father, that's my heart desire tonight. Oh, in Christ song. Oh, and my hope is found. Oh, and is my light, my strength, my Oh, and his corners. Oh, and his solid around. Oh, firm through the fiercest down. Oh, and wise of the Lord, [Music] when striving s Oh my comforter, oh my in [Music] Christ Oh to God. Oh fullness of God. [Music] So by the womb he came. Oh life. [Music] My sis, [Music] oh and only within the death of Christ. Oh, and there in the real is light of the world by darkness. Oh, and bursting forth in glory. Oh, and as he stand [Music] [Music] with her precious blood. Oh my good. Oh Christ. Oh from Oh Jesus my destiny. [Music] Oh my god. [Music] [Music] Our gracious father, we're so thankful, Lord, and we stand by the power of Christ, not by our own power. Father, you promised that we would be what you are. You said that as we see you for who you are, then we shall even know who we are. As he is, so are we in this world. Father, we ask that you help us, Lord. And father I say where you are weak make us where we are weak make us strong. And father where we fail may you just lift us up. And father we are on at the end time we can see and smell the end. And I pray father that you strengthen us. And father that we may run the last mile that's left and that your power your love may be manifested in us. Father if we lack anything you said ask and it shall be given. Yeah, we all gather in your presence. I say, Father, whatever is lacking, may you fill us with your presence. We commit all we are to you, Lord. And we ask, Father, that you bless each one and remember our pastor and those that are out, Lord. We commit everything we are, Father, for the week to come. May you just walk with each one, Lord. Father, that that you may be manifested to them that they may know you, Lord, as their God. Because you promised, Lord, that the revelation of who you are is the very new birth. You making yourself known to each individual. Lead us and guide us, Lord, and by your spirit, Father, that we may walk by that spirit that you've given us and not by our flesh. We commit everything we are. And we thank you for all that you do and ask it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. What is a F? Oh Jesus on the inside working on the outside. Oh what a chain. Let's see right Jesus. Let's try see Jesus on the inside. Oh, working on the outside. Oh, what a change in my life. Oh, and Jesus on the inside. [Music] Oh my [Music] Jesus. [Music] Oh sh [Music] on the inside working towards the outside making a difference in my life. It's the Holy Ghost on the inside working towards the outside making the difference in my life. Oh, it's the Holy Ghost from the inside working towards the outside making the difference in my life. Oh sh [Applause] [Music] and some glad morning when this life is over. [Applause] Glad when this life is all I [Music] will sway I'll fly Where are my way? [Music] I [Applause] fly away sh [Music] away. Oh my god. From prison. [Music] [Applause] Find a way. I'll find a way. Find a way. We are fly away. [Music] Hallelujah. My [Music] way. Oh, and just a few more happiness and I fly away. Oh, and [Music] shall never fly away. I'll find way [Music] I'll find way. Oh, [Music] hallelujah. Find my fly away. [Music] Oh, when the saints go marching in. Oh, when the saints go maring in. all around to me in [Music] the singing. [Music] Oh, [Music] stranger. This world on high to [Applause] the s. [Music] Oh, when they say no. Oh, when I say [Music] Oh, I want to be in when the s. Oh, I know. I see myself. Oh, I know I'll see my savior. Oh, my love is free from sing. Oh, and heaven knows [Music] for me. Oh, the saints. Oh, hallelujah. When the saints go. Oh, and the saints of Lord Jes. [Music] When we dance around the throne and the gates are closed with [Music] oh we shout to glory glory. Oh and the saint stoing. Oh, when the saints Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh, when the saints go maring. Oh, and Lord, I want to be in the number. I s me. Oh, I am waiting for the shiot. Oh, to sword when I s Oh, and on the clouds I'll ride to you. Oh, and the saints go maring. Oh, and the saints. Oh, when the saint [Music] go maring. Oh, and the saints go maring. Oh Lord, I want to be in that number when the saints all want to come and pray for dismissal. [Music] Let's b our heads. Precious heavenly father, Lord God, we truly thank you for this wonderful service this evening. Lord, just a remembrance to to where our hope lies in Father Lord God. It's in your name, Lord Jesus Christ. That's where our hiding places, our security is, Father Lord, when all around the world is is falling apart, Lord God. But Lord, we have a hope in you, Lord Jesus. And in your name, Lord God, that you called us, Lord, out of this this dying world, Father, and and told us that you loved us and Father, Lord, that you would bring us home, Lord. And we we hope and rest in that, Father, Lord God, knowing that it's not because of what we can do or what we've done, but because you said it to be, Lord God. And that's where our faith lies in, Lord Jesus Christ. And we just commit the rest of this week to you, Father Lord. I pray you'd replenish Brother Billy's strength, Lord, and Brother Matthews as well for the wonderful sermons that was given to us today, Lord, with our pastor on his way back home, Father Lord. And may each of us, Lord, carry one for another, Lord God, and love one another, Father Lord, and be there for each other cuz we're a body, Father, Lord God. We're not in this alone, but Lord God, we're in this together. Lord God, you brought us together for a reason, Father. You brought us here to hear the word tonight for a reason, God. And we just thank you for it. And I pray you'd be with us the rest of this week, Lord God. May these words not leave us, Lord God. And Lord, may we seek you every day, Lord God, and and put this flesh to rest, Lord, to to death, Father, Lord, and just rise up with you. I commit the rest of this day to you. The rest of this week, we just prayed in your name, the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Ever since Jesus, [Music] I've never been Sorry that I trusted his name. You are dismissed. [Music] Guide me on the other way. I've never been sorry that I trust in his name. Oh, I've never been sorry that I trust in his name. Every moment I find him is exactly the same. My soul has been seeing since the Savior came. Oh, I've never been sorry that I trusted his name. Oh, all day long I sing a story. Praising him for his wife Christmas. I've never been sorry that I trusted his name. Then surely I know I hope is waiting here for me. But I've never been sorry that trust in his name. Oh, I've never been sorry that trust in his name. Oh, every moment I find you is exactly the same. Oh, my soul is singing since the Savior came. Oh, I've never been sorry that I trust in his name. And right the star of hope is shine. Making my pathway brighter. I've never been sorry that I trusted his name. Never a thought or sad. Jesus is with me this time. Lord, I've never been sorry that I trust in his name. Oh, I've never been sorry that I trust in his name. Oh, every moment I find you is exactly the same. Oh, my soul has been singing since the Savior came. Oh, I've never been sorry that I trusted his name. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh [Music] yeah. [Music] I really love you. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] [Music]
