################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-14 - [2025-09-14am] Sunday Morning Service  Pastor David McGeary Sr. - David McGeary Sr.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-14
Title:   [2025-09-14am] Sunday Morning Service | Pastor David McGeary Sr.
Speaker: David McGeary Sr
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iJx6egoRC7c
========================================

[Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Man, God bless you. Let's all stand and sing that this morning. The love of God is greater far than tongo pain can ever dare. He goes beyond [Music] the highest star and reaches. The Lord is with the guilt he paid. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, and God gave his son to me. Gloring child recon and heart and father. [Music] Oh love of God I worship you. Oh amazing child forever glorious song. Oh and when glory time. Oh, and shall &gt;&gt; pass away. Oh, and [Music] &gt;&gt; oh, and refuse to pray. Oh, &gt;&gt; and mountains. &gt;&gt; Oh, God. Hallelujah. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, [Music] who to pray? Oh, and the saints and angels. Oh, of God. I'm reaching you. Oh, [Music] let forever more in the ses. Oh, anchor wee. Oh, the ocean feel and just think about it this morning. Where we s Oh, and on earth. and if we climb by tree to God of on the rad [Music] [Music] to the sky. Oh God, I worship you. &gt;&gt; Oh, yes. Glory [Music] name. Just sing it one more time this morning. Oh God, I reach you. I praise your name [Music] forever. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Just think about his love this morning. If it had not been for that love, we couldn't be gathered this morning. And it didn't matter what sin you committed, how far you had gone. And that love went after you, and he brought you into the kingdom this morning. Amen. We're certainly thankful for that. Amen. Brother Jose, if you could just come and open our service in prayer. Amen. Let's pray. Jesus, [Music] buto grandchore. [Music] I sort [Music] Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. So happy to be gather in his presence this morning. Amen. We want to welcome all everyone, all our visitors. God bless you this morning. Why don't we open our Bibles for a psalm reading this morning. man, if you just take a minute and welcome someone in the house of God and just turn around and and greet someone. Amen. Amen. Let's open in uh uh our Psalm reading uh Psalm 47. Amen. And I'll read the first and we'll join together on the last. Amen. Psalm 47 he said, "Oh, clap your hands, oh ye people, and shout unto the Lord with the voice of triumph. &gt;&gt; He shall subdue the people under us and the nation under our feet. God has gone up with a shout, the Lord with the sound of the trumpet. &gt;&gt; Sing to God &gt;&gt; for God is the king of all the earth. Sing ye praises with understanding. The princes of the people are gathered together, even the people of the God of Abraham. For the shield of the earth belong unto God. He is greatly exalted. Amen. God bless you. May have your seats. Amen. [Music] Have you been to Jesus for the claiming? Oh, I wash in the blood of the lamb. Oh, holy trusting in his pres. [Music] The blood. [Music] I walk in the blood of your lamb. When are you walking? [Music] I wash in the blood of the lamb [Music] in the crucified I [Music] [Music] love the lamb. When I will come as Godless [Music] in the blood of the lamb. Oh, and the bright cover by the blood of Hallelujah. Will your soul be ready for the sunlight? Oh, in the blood of the lamb. Oh, and I in the blood. [Music] You are my son of God. I are you in the blood of the lamb. When I lay aside the darkness we sing for you are in the blood of this morning. Hallelujah. Oh, all in the blood. Oh, and I in the blood. Oh, in the s. are your son. Oh, you are holy. [Applause] Oh yes. Oh yes. Oh. Oh. [Music] Oh yes. My pres. [Music] Oh, are you washed in the blood of the lamb? Oh, you s [Music] in the blood of the lamb. Oh, all the inspir [Music] [Music] power working. Oh, in the blood. [Music] Oh, there is power. [Music] Wonder worthy. Oh, in the precious blood of the lamb. Oh, and would you be most passion and rock? Oh, there's power in the blood. Oh, power in the blood. Oh, and you will be full of victory with endless wonderful power. Oh, hallelujah. There is power. [Music] in the blood of there is power. [Music] Oh, in the precious blood of the lamb. Oh, and the world will be free. Oh, from your blessing and witness power. full power in the blood. Oh, I come for it to cover it now. When there is wonderful power, oh hallelujah, there is power. [Music] Oh, in the blood of the lamb. Oh, there is power. [Music] Oh, in the preious blood of the lamb. Oh, and the word will be w. Oh, much water and so. Oh, and there's power. Oh, power in the blood. [Music] Oh, and it's like giving. Oh, there's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power. [Music] Wonder working. In the blood of the lamb, there is power, power. Oh, in the precious blood of the lamb. Oh, and you serve it. Oh, Jesus, your king. Oh, there's power. All the power in the blood. All his praises will sing when there's wonderful power in the blood. Oh, there is power. [Music] Oh, in the blood. [Music] Oh, there is power. [Music] Oh, in the presence of Hallelujah. Amen. Aren't you glad you have access to power this morning? Power that could change your soul and your heart and and cleanse you and make you whole. Amen. Amen. Brother Mark David has a special this morning if he could come at this time. Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you church. Uh it's the time of the year again. I have a my whole family having their birthday in September. Um my wife's birthday was yesterday. Uh my daughter is going to have her birthday, my mom's birthday, my elder sister's birthday, my brother-in-law's birthday. So uh got a lot of people in September. So uh run me dry a little bit. Uh I I was now thinking about uh God's marvelous grace that if not for God's grace uh and his mercy um we wouldn't be where we are today. Uh I'm not even talking about uh anything materially. But uh just looking at the world and looking at what they have and looking at what I have like I'm so rich like I'm so so rich. And I'm not talking about material things. I'm talking about the the lack of they just don't I'll tell my wife sometimes I say they just can't retain God in their memory. There's nothing that comes close to God in them. Like for people to just sit down and not be able to think to say where do I come from, where am I going to? And so I I told I was telling my mom the other day, I said, "Oh, the only thing I just want is after this war is done. When I'm done, God knows I'm done. Just take me cuz I know I'm his child." And so I'm singing marvelous grace this morning. Marvelous grace of our loving Lord. Grace that exceeds our sin and our guilt. Yonder on Calary's mount had poured. Here where the blood of the lamb was plead. Grace, grace, God's grace, grace that will pardon and cleanse within. Grace, grace is God's grace. Grace that is greater than all are seen. Seen and despair like the sea waves cold threaten the soul within it loss. Grace that is greater. Yes. Grace untold point to the refuge the mighty cross. Grace, grace, God's grace, oh grace that will pardon and cleanse within. Grace, grace, God's grace, grace that is greater than hopeless. [Music] Dark is the stain that we cannot hide. Oh, walk in a veil to wash it away. Oh, look. There is flowing creams inside whiter than snow you may be today. Grace, grace, God's grace, oh grace that will pardon and cleanse with thee. Grace, grace is God's grace. Grace that is greater than all our sin. Marvelous, infinite, marless grace. Oh freely bestowed on all who believe you that are longing to see his face. Oh you this moment his grace receive grace. Grace, God's grace. Oh, grace that will water and cleanse within. Grace, grace, God's grace, grace that is greater than all our sins. Amen. Amen. I tell you, if we can only think about the grace that brought us together and and I want to say this, the song of a believer is always the amazing grace being extended to us. Amen. We have some requests when I read it this time. Amen. Thinking about birthdays. I believe last Wednesday was Matt Thomas's birthday. So, happy late birthday and brother Darian. So, wish her happy birthday. Sister Tini's birthday today. God bless you. Amen. Certainly appreciate all of you. God bless you. We have some more requests we want to read at the same time. Um um I just uh I got a couple announcements from the um uh the deacons. Uh so please try to avoid uh dropping people off on this side of the building when you're especially kids. uh it just creates a traffic for those that are coming off of the streets and trying to uh come in quickly when you park over here to drop somebody off. It just makes it difficult. So, we want to avoid any traffic situations. So, if you could do that also um uh uh please be mindful of the uh uh sitting arrangement that was announced. I know today we have a lot that are going that have gone to the Oklahoma meetings and we pray nobody Matthews preaching over there. um we just want to pray and keep them in prayer. But yeah, just keep in mind especially for Sunday morning and the goal is to make sure that when we have the building full that we have people sit uh sitting appropriately to the right place so that way you don't get moved and everything like that. Amen. Uh we want to uh this morning remember brother John Enchanti is requesting prayer that we keep uh her mom in prayer his mom in prayer. We just want to continue to pray for her that the Lord will certainly undertake for the situation. Also, sister Lucero and family. We know that sister Lucero's dad passed away. We certainly want to keep the family in prayer that the Lord will touch them and and be their comfort in the hour of need. Amen. Brother Tommy writes uh requesting prayer for a brother-in-law uh who has uh uh uh he has a prostate cancer and we certainly want to lift him up in prayer that the Lord will certainly uh uh come and touch his body and work a miracle. We we serve a God, a working miracle God. He doesn't operate by what the doctor says or by what the situation looks like. He works from the invisible into the visible. And I believe we we can come with confidence this morning with this needs on our heart and know that he will answer to all of them. If you have a need upon your heart, just lift your hand up to him. The brothers that are taking the offerings, if you could come at this time. Amen. Brother Jonathan, if you could just come and take the needs before the church. It's good to be back. Let's all pray. Gracious heavenly father. Lord Jesus, Lord God, we just thank you so very much, heavenly father, as we've gathered, Lord God, this morning to receive from you and to worship you, Lord God, in spirit and in truth, Lord. today, Lord Jesus. You've heard the request, Lord God, that's been mentioned, Lord God, this morning, [Music] but also Lord God, you've heard the words of thankfulness, Lord God, of how you've kept us, Lord God, for another year and several birthdays, Lord God, this month. But yet, Lord, there's there's needs amongst us, Lord, and our sisters, Lord. uh his family. Lord God, she's lost her dad, Lord, and her child's wife. And Lord God, I just pray that you just minister to to her, especially Lord God, her family and the other requests, Lord Jesus, Lord God, that was mentioned. You're a present help, Lord God, in a time of need, Lord. We want to cast all our burdens, Lord God, upon you, Lord God, for we know that you care. just so appreciate this word that you've sent to us, Lord God, to give us direction as our brother indicated, Lord God. We're just so grateful, Lord God, for just all that you've done for us, Lord. Give us eyesight, Lord God, and and light, Lord God, in a time of darkness, Lord God, that's around us. We just want to lift up the name of Jesus, Lord God, this morning. also just want to commit Lord tithes of offerings Lord God that be taken up Lord you know exactly where to place them you know exactly how to multiply them Lord God for the up building of your kingdom Lord and just commit the rest of the service unto thee and just so again thankful Lord God we just love you in the name of Jesus Christ we ask and pray amen [Music] Who thought the sun where to stand in the morning? foot of the ocean. You can only come this far and show the move. Where do I live? Those words alone can cast a falling star. I know my redeemer lives. Oh, and I know my redeemer lives. Oh, and let all creation testify his life. Christ I redeemer. [Music] Oh the very same God that made things. Hallelujah. Oh and come to the weary the wall and the way. Oh it's the same. Angel thy hold me when I'm holding con to bring me victory. [Music] I know. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, and I know. [Music] Oh, and let our creation testify his life within Christ. I my redeemer. Oh, and it is to take away my sin. Hallelujah. He lives forever. I proclaim that you came for my sin was a precious lifegiving. But now he's alive and empty. Oh, I know. Oh, and I go my redeemer. [Music] Oh, and let our creation testify [Music] his life within me. Christ, [Music] my redeemer. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Splender of the king [Music] in majesty. Oh, and let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. Oh, let himself in life. Oh, and darkness tries to hide. Oh, and it trembles at his. Oh, trembles at his. Oh, how great how sing with me. How great is our sing? [Music] Oh, and [Music] he's the only thing that doesn't change. Oh, and time is &gt;&gt; Oh, and the end. Oh, beginning and Oh, the [Music] father to the son. in the lamb. [Music] Let's just stand and sing it as you're going to pass. &gt;&gt; Oh, how great. &gt;&gt; Oh, I see with me how great. [Music] I will see how great. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, is our name. [Music] Oh, you are worthy of [Music] my heart will sing. How great is our God? Why don't you just tell him that this morning one more time? He's the name above all. Oh, and is the name above all. Oh, you are worthy of praise. If my heart will sing how great is our God. Oh, how great. &gt;&gt; Oh, sing with me. How great. [Music] Oh, and all who see how great. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, and on land. [Music] Oh, and with [Music] He is the son of man. He is the son of man. Time has come. [Music] The bride in Christ our wife. Soon we're going home. Soon we're going. &gt;&gt; Amen. How great is our God? [Music] How great is our God? How great, how great is our God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Our gracious heavenly father, soon we're going home. Lord, that's been on the heart of every believer down through the ages. Father, we ask that our eyes will keep steadfast, that you'll deal with our hearts and our minds, heavenly father, that our enthusiasm and anticipation will continually grow stronger. We ask you to bless us this morning in Jesus precious and wonderful and holy name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless. You may be seated for a moment this morning. Nice to be in the house of the Lord. Um just trusting that all is well. Thank you musicians for everything that you do. Um, I want to make a couple announcements and uh and you know and uh the hardest part that we always have is is uh communicating, you know, that everybody gets the same message. And and so we we we're going to make a a a small change in in our our Sunday school. And so we want everybody to listen closely, especially if you have uh Sunday school children or young children coming up. Um we we set certain things in order when uh we started because we weren't sure how many people that we would have and we were dealing with uh size and space, classroom size and classroom space. So we we put things in order so we knew what we had to work with. So, we we saw our material, we saw what we had to work with, and we all agreed that if we needed to make some tweaks and changes that we would do that along the way. And so, um, one of the things that we're going to change is we're going to allow the four year olds to enter Sunday school when they turn four. So, if you have a child and they turn four, when they turn four, they can go ahead and enter into Sunday school. Um, so we're going to allow any child that turns four to enter into Sunday school at that time. whenever whatever class that you enter into in the beginning of the year, you stay with that class for that Sunday school session. So, for example, if if you're in grade six and seven, if we have a six and seven class and you turn eight, well, you're in that class, you don't leave that class and go up to the H. you stay with that class for that whole time period. And you have to understand, we're trying to organize and have kids and and everybody's trans moving and growing old. If you would all stay the same age, that would make it perfect, you know, but for some reason you go off and you get married and you have kids and the kids grow and and things are changing. So, we are going to do that. Uh, if we have to, we're going to do some things. If we have to build and expand some classrooms, we'll do that. But, so if your child turns four, if you would like to put it in Sunday school, now we're trusting you that your child's mature enough to come in to Sunday school and sit. You know, we're there to teach them. We're not there to raise them. You You understand? In other words, uh you know, you know, if your child obeys and they're good and and so you know, we we trust you as parents. But if you feel your child's ready for Sunday school and they turn four. So if you have a child that's going to have a birthday in two months from now and they turned four, you're welcome to bring them to Sunday school if you believe they can behave and and can be orderly. Okay? So we've we've done that uh to you. you know, I don't want to be like the unjust judge who had the mother coming and yelling at him all the time and then not doing something, you know. So, uh, we've all agreed to do that. Uh, me and brother Tim sat down. We we had a conversation and dealt with it and we both felt that we would like to to do that. So, does everybody understand that when your child turns four, you can bring them to Sunday school? Okay. And uh but whatever class you're in, you stay with that for the year. That's the only change we're making is we're allowing the four year olds to come. So uh that's good. And then the other announcement we'd like to make is October 19th, by the grace of the Lord, we're trusting in good weather. We're going to have a fall event for all the families with children. So, we have young people, you know, that are we usually say they're from 13 on up, teenagers and stuff like that. We try to do things for them. This is going to be a fall event for for all family members. So, if you have children that aren't four yet, but they're young children, we're just going to have a nice uh uh festival. Uh I guess that's a word that we can use. uh fall event uh October 19th, that's a Saturday, and we'll have uh of activities and uh fun things to do uh for you uh there. So, if you have your children, you like to come out, it's all families with uh young children that like to come out and uh and spend that Saturday with us. and uh we'll decide if we want to cook out or whatever we'll do. But we want you to set that day aside and uh we're going to have a nice time and provide activities and and just fun for all the young kids that they can all come together. Is that all good? Amen. You love the Lord this morning. Amen. Uh we welcome all our visitors and and uh uh those that are with us uh this morning. We trust that the Lord will be uh mighty on your behalf. Uh we're going to uh listen this morning and uh to 32 minutes of the beginning of a sermon called taking sides with Jesus. And this was preached by brother Brandham in uh 1962 which I think the sixth month would be June June 1st 1962. And it's got some amazing things in it. And uh one of the great questions is answered in this little statement about what happens to you when you go to sleep and why that God uh had every generation looking for the coming of the Lord. So if you listen to this, you'll get a great answer to that question. The other thing that is pointed out in this is the necessity to carry on and to remain in the traditions wherein that we're taught. The one thing that God's word doesn't do is God's word does not evolve. &gt;&gt; Okay? It's revealed but it doesn't evolve. So God's never changed. The word's never changed. Now there be may be portions of the word of God that God didn't make known yet, okay? Or reveal yet, but whatever plan that God had, he had in the beginning. He's the alpha and the me mega. He's the beginning or the end. There's no surprises for God. He knows what's going to happen. He's omnipotent. He's omnipresent. He He knows what the future is by fornowledge. He doesn't have to go out and say, "I'm going to fix this or I'm going to change this or I'm going to do that." He didn't say, "You're going to heaven and you're going to hell." He didn't forordain or predestinate that way. He predestinated by He knew. He knew what you would do. He knew that your heart would be tender. He knew that you would receive the word. He knew that he planted a seed there. And therefore, he made the provision. So always with God, if you're if you're going to face something down the road, he knows you're going to face it. Now, he may not tell you. He may not warn you. He may just see how that you take it, but he will make a provision for you because the word of God says that God makes a way of escape. So there's a way of escape there for you. And if you would put if we would I I don't ever want to sound like I'm separate. If we would always put God first, then we would know that he provided something for us. You know, we have a lot of ideas. We have a lot of things that we think of. We have a lot of things that we feel uh uh, you know, is going to be a certain way or think they're going to be a certain way. You know, I'm sure that when Leslie married me, she thought she was marrying Prince Charming. You know what I mean? I was just riding in on a white horse to save her heart. You know what I mean? And and and she found out that maybe I wasn't all that I was supposed to be, but love kept us together. And you know, so you have a lot of ideas sometimes, but if we'll if we'll wait on the Lord, he'll work everything out for us. He'll He'll take care of us. He He'll take care of you. He'll be there for you. He loves you. He died for you. He has a place prepared for you. And that's what he told us. He says, "I go and I prepare a place for you. If it wasn't so, I would not have told you. But if I go, I will come again and receive you that where I am, you may be also. That's why we've gathered here this morning. We're not We have not gathered to prove a doctrine. We're not gathered to have a social event. We are gathered here this morning because we believe with all of our hearts that the Lord Jesus is soon coming. And I know you'll say, "Well, that's what everybody's thought for every age. There's a reason for it. Why God did it." It'll be explained to us today. So, let's stand up this morning and we'll read one little scripture. And and I I just think that this scripture it explains it all. And and um it's found in Genesis chapter 1 verse one and we'll read here in Genesis. In the beginning, God In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth. And the earth was without form and void, and darkness was upon the face of the deep, and the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. In the beginning was God and the spirit of God moved. Amen. God bless you this morning. Heavenly Father, we ask you to bless your word this morning. May we be attentive for these next 32 minutes. Father, may we learn and understand as we go forward. In Jesus precious name we pray. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. As we've been preaching about the path forward and uh and as we found out that that in order sometimes to go forward that you've got to go back. So if you get off the original path then you may be going but you're not going forward. You're going somewhere. But in order to go forward to your destination, you've got to be on the forward path. Uh you know, cuz I many times I I will take a side street because I I don't I don't want to sit there and go through the traffic, but not always the time. It's the fastest way. You know, I took the airport turnoff the other day because the traffic was all backed up. And I looked out there and there was the wreck. I was only about 200 yards from getting past it, but I got impatient. You know what I mean? I wanted to be moving. I wanted to be be going forward, but sometimes what's forward to us isn't always forward with God. And there's only one way to go forward with God and that's in God's word. So if you're not going God's way, you understand then you're not going forward. So what we'll hear a lot this morning is why that God started a church. what the burden was, what the path forward was, how God wanted the church, and how important it is for the church to stay with what was taught and how our nature is always to go find something new that we think will fix the problem. God knows the problem. He provided the answer. May we have faith that God's way is always the best way and that he knows us. He knows what we have need of and he'll provide. I hope this is a blessing to you. We'll make a few comments afterwards. Uh God bless you this morning as we listen to the next few moments. some place in Louisville where you you eat and it's called um uh let's see dog patch restaurant. I got one today. When anyone eats there, then they take the money that you gave them and send the church the tithing off of it. Somewhere at 319 West Jefferson Street. I guess that's why Billy had it laying here so they could see. Um, that's mighty nice. Now, brethren, I don't know what your procedure of of man's meeting, just what you do or how you conduct your meetings. And if I get off a schedule here, why off the regular routine, why you call my attention to it? It was purpose tonight. I thought as I had uh a dinner not long ago with our most beloved pastor, Brother Neville, and I was saying something to him, what was on my heart. And I thought if we get a bunch of man together and the ministers, our uh colleagues here of the gospel and man, we could talk to one another in a way that we wouldn't talk it before the public because we're all in we're man and understand as man, Christian man. And that way uh usually in a congregation, a group, you say something and and one will lean it a little this way and one lean it that way and and then it goes all out. But where we come to try tonight to tell you what I have in my heart uh concerning the church and its uh and its uh place and its position. And then if we get done in time, I would like to speak to you just a little bit on the word if it's all right. Just kind of settle that. So we'll get our business part or the part that I'd like to express to you first. And I guess maybe you let out regular time about 9:30 or something like that, like each night. Well, I'll try not to keep you long. Tomorrow, Saturday, and it's a big commercial day. But now, uh, we have to get our groceries and so forth. I want to say to brother Neville publicly now I I want to say to each one of you just like I was talking privately to you just each one because you're a group that that's uh I really think that and believe and teach that man God has made man leadership of his church of his people. See, and it's uh as I was preaching down to brother um Juny Jackson's last night about God fortified his his people with his word. And it was a woman that broke through that line and give vent to reason. And when he did, God forever has always placed it for his uh for man to keep his church fortified by word. Now uh I want to encourage brother Neville just a little talking to him privately. I noticed last night the zer has struck me till three times I was in the pull pit and I turned around because I'm trying to keep as far away from it as I can until I find out what the dream meant to me here not long ago. A few weeks ago it stuck with me for a long time. I told it here in the church about something about the message and and discernment and so forth. It just didn't just wasn't coming out right. To my opinion, that time's over. And um I may be wrong on that. But I noticed that it um Brother Neville was kind of weary and upset. And I just want you to know, Brother Neville, that you're only anticipating in this fellowship in that. Have you just noticed what Satan's tried to do in the last few days to what ministers that's associated in this fellowship? Just stop for a few minutes and wonder. Here says, "Brother Craig sitting here tonight almost killed up there on the road." See, and uh I almost had my head blow off with a shotgun or with a rifle. See, Satan trying to take us and there you crashed right in and could have killed yourself and some woman also. See, just the ministers. Look at just the the ministering group. It's Satan and he's trying to get rid of us. Now, we are realize that we're not assembled here to talk on some kind of a business. We're here to assemble to talk on the on Christ and the hopes to take a hold and what to do for this present time. And I I want to encourage you, brother Neville. Uh be courageous. No matter what comes up, what goes, what takes place, just don't let nothing beset you. Just stand there like a rock of ages and God will make everything come out all right. He's proved that to you. Of course, you that could have upset you. That could have killed that woman and had been on your mind the rest of your days and it had been a lot of things. But God is still on the throne. He He lets those things work out all right. It could have taken us too. And um so Satan fighting at the church. &gt;&gt; Now when I laid that cornerstone there that morning, I never felt that I'd ever be a pastor. It wasn't in my callings at the beginning. And my first call was to be on the field of evangelism as many years ago and started off over here in a tent just across the street. And I remember when brother Roy Davis down there and his church burnt down, that bunch of people were just like scattered sheep without a shepherd. Had no place to go. And I Mr. Hipsenberg was chief of police then and he called me down there. He said to me, uh, we're here to help you. Said, I'm Catholic myself, but said them people said they don't probably have the closes during the time of the depression. Said they go to other churches and they feel out of place and they're good people. I know many of them. He said, "Billy, if you wanted to start a church," he said, 'I want you to know that we're behind you and anything we can do to help you. And I thanked him for it. We had a tag day first. We prayed and asked the Lord and people come to me and wanted to build a church so I could have a place to go. And uh we decided this place and one night along this time we're a little further here in a pile of horse weeds right along in here and water this ditch and just had been a like a dump like well the Lord spoke to me definitely and said build it right here not a penny of money and among us we had about about 80 cents or a dollar and that of course you would laugh at that now but brother that was some money then when some neighbor cook a pot of beans and get the neighbor hadn't had enough two, three days, come over and eat a few of them. That was hard times. A lot of the young fellas ever seen that. Well, that was hardgoing. &gt;&gt; I've seen a time that you could pass through this church, a collection plate two times or three, and get 30 cents out of a place packed full and beg for it. It would you probably got 30 cents and had a good offering. It's really rough going. And we had nothing to deal with yet. the the desire of the people was to build a church so he could have a place to go because in them days the message well you think it's badly thought of now you ought to know it then when there's nobody and then this water baptism in the name of Jesus Christ and the blessings and things that we believe in and stand for so upon my heart I made a a promise to God that we would stay here and build the tabernacle the morning we laid the cornerstone stone. He met me over there in a vision about 8:00 that morning when I was sitting there watching out across the sun coming up just about this time of year. And he had told me after he had met me down there on the river with that when the angel of the Lord appeared in that that light and I seen it in the distance. it looked like a star and it come right down over where I was and then notable words was spoken and uh so then I purposed then to get a place for the people to worship him. Now I thought myself it ain't for me it's nothing to me but yet anything that's con pertaining to God is part of me. No matter if it's anything that's it's uh for God's children, it's for me whether it's my duty to do this or do that. It's my duty to see to God's heritage regardless of where it's at. See, &gt;&gt; just like you say, well, my like as a little boy, he say my my business is just to chop the wood, not pack it in. Let John pack it in. I don't care if snow falls or it rains. Let him get out and get it. and all it's your duty as a as um a child of that home to see that that wood don't get wet for your mother. See, pack it in. If they say, "Well, Frank should have went and got the water." It ain't my business. But if Frank didn't get the water, it's your business to take care of the water. That's all. Uh that's just the way it runs. And that's the way it runs in God's family, too. If some of them some of them said the other not long ago said, "Quit preaching the way you are. My goodness, you're going to ruin every friend you got." and everything like that said let that alone I know it's wrong but my it ain't our business well whose business is it then if it's wrong somebody's got to do it &gt;&gt; so let's just do it and that's the way I feel about the church the building programs and so forth has come up down up and down and there's been pro and con in the buildings and so forth one wanted the other didn't want it and this that you you find it like that you find that as you deal amongst ministers amongst businessmen man amongst lodges everywhere you go where you got a group of men. You you've got different ideas. And so therefore, you've got to have one person that you put confidence in and elect that person all work with that. It's like in the army, you've got to have one as a general. That's a headquarters. The captain says this, he's the captain of that group, but then the general can change his orders. And the chief commanding general of course is Jesus Christ in the church and his ministers are his uh captains of the companies that that's representing him here on earth and they have tried many things the little tabernacle here and finally I kept quiet in it just to see after I'd built it and then the Lord called me out into the field about 15 16 years ago and I left the church but Still, I just can't turn it out. I've always kept my name attached to it so that I could be a vote sometime. If the wrong thing got started in here, I'd have a right to come and and stop it because I've sweated it out for many years behind this pulp. It's 17 years in here to keep the thing straight when all kinds of isms and ins and outs and every kind of a cult and being the inner denomination, everything that flew in, flew in this way. And by the help of God, we stood here with the unadulterated gospel and she still stands the same tonight. So we but this times that this church has been tried to be sold out from under me and everything else like that if my name wasn't attached to it down there. Why it sure would be been an awful fix tonight. Not and it wasn't me. It was God of course that did it. And then as I see it now coming into the place that it is and we're living in a great hour. It's still my interest to say something about this church. See, because it's it's a part of me. No matter whether I'm here or not, it's still a part of me. And it's my duty to see to it that it operates clean, clear, and the best I can for the kingdom of God. &gt;&gt; And I'm very grateful that in these days I see it's got little satellites to it that I am grateful for. Brother uh Crair and his Sersburg group and brother back there that just taken brother Snelling's place at Udica and brother Ruddle up here and brother Junior Jackson and those precious boys who are fine man wonderful man of God they preach this message. Now they may one might disagree just literally up on something another that's only human amongst the group of the ministers yet and um if ministers have a little difference there won't be a a shadow of a difference in it maybe one might say I believe that the millennium will come and Jesus will be on a white horse another say I believe when he comes he'll come on a white cloud well as long as they believe he's coming that's the main thing you see no matter how he's coming just they believe he's coming and making ready for it And um that way I have tried to find out and I've been studying I told it out before the congregation. I've been studying the early church and I watched the way that those anointed men uh prepared uh the house of the Lord and the order of the Lord's worship in the house. And it struck me real real good. And I preached here some time ago and upon the subject of Joel uh two, I will restore sayaeth the Lord all the years of the palmer worm eaten and a can caterpillar and can of worm and so forth. And um I began to study on that about what these men did and the way that they um taking care of the church that God had left him overseer. Now, we're going to start off with the early church and just bring it for about five minutes now down to what they did and then I can show you the vision that I have for the future. Now at the beginning the church was inaugurated at Pentecost and there the Holy Spirit fell upon them where Jesus had chosen 12 and one of them had fallen and they chose methenus to take his place and the Holy Spirit waited until all this was an order before it come. They had to choose one to take the bishopy of of Judas that fell by transgression to fulfill the scripture. And I believe that all these things has a time of lingering waiting but it's waiting for a time for the scripture to be fulfilled that everything gets right everything in order. Waiting. Many times we get p impatient like a child. We great get great anticipations and many times jump way ahead and that that just hinders the work until the work gets caught up. See, we must just move reverently, have a purpose in heart that God if he would desire to use us and such and such, but wait till he makes the opening cause he has to go be ahead of us. You remember David going to battle that night? He was weary about that fight and he laid under those malleberry trees until he heard the Lord and the rumbling of the leaves going before him. Then he went with courage &gt;&gt; because he know that God had gone before him. And if we only do that, brethren, knowing the battle must come, but we must wait till we see the hand of God going before us to make a way. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now I notice that how the churches the evangelism started scattering out everywhere and then we'll take for instance the Paul becoming a great missionary to our people. We find out that he went about wherever the Lord led him and he established the church and it was a new faith. the churches of those days like in Asia Minor all throughout Europe they they didn't believe that message and when he had preached the message and many was converted to it then there was no one if he left the people in that condition they'd wander right back out into their pagan gods and into Judaism and whatever more because the people had no one to teach them the the converts, they had no place to go. So Paul established churches in different parts of the country. Each one of these churches, he left someone who was an order, a man that was trustworthy, a man that was known as a pastor, shepherd or u then after this church then become other little churches come out of it, young man and old man raised up and become churches out of that. The man that was over the first church was called the bishop. And then his that went out from him, his children was called shepherds or pastors. And then this group of little churches all would come back to this bishop. Like in the time of Ireinius, he carried on the same thing. Martin carried on the same thing. Polocart carried on the same thing. right on down through the age. They had that. And then the apostle of the church, the apostle, that was the Paul. And when Paul left, John took over the church. And when John left, Polocarp taking it over. When Polocarp left, Arinius taken it over. And on down, Martin and so forth. This kept on going until the Roman Catholic Church broke the whole thing to pieces and burn them and scattered them and the polymer worm eat this and the canker worm eat that and so forth eat that and eat that until it brought it plum down to a stall. Now, but God promised to restore again that same thing. I have I do believe with all my heart that we're living in the last days. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; I believe that there there's not too much would break this anything and my interpretation may be wrong of the scriptures that Jesus could not come tonight. I believe it and what little's left to be fulfilled could be fulfilled before daylight in the morning. &gt;&gt; And I'd see and I may be wrong on the time of that fulfilling but it's at hand. The I believe that &gt;&gt; and remember Paul believed that, John believed that, Polocart believed that, Ireneius believed that, Martin believed that, all the rest of them believe that. &gt;&gt; What if God would have told John the Revelator? Now, it's going to be 2,000 years before my coming. John would have come back and told the church, "Well, I guess we might as well eat, drink, be merry, cause going to be many generations." See, uh, Jesus ain't coming for 2,000 years. See, so see, the church have been loose. There have been no on the mark. &gt;&gt; There have been no waiting. After all, it's your anticipations. If you fall asleep in that watch that you wake with them same anticipations because they ain't going to hinder one thing, you're going to be right there on time anyhow. &gt;&gt; See what I mean? &gt;&gt; When when St. Martin awakes in the resurrection. St. Paul, all the rest of them, it'll be just as fresh as if they was right in the battle battling right away cuz he went right down under those same anticipations looking for his coming and there'll be a screen coming up will come the whole church. You see, that'll be it. So, it doesn't matter. See, we've got to be looking for him right now. &gt;&gt; Even we don't know it. It could be possibly it could be a hundred years from now. It could be 500 years, a thousand years, 10,000 years. I don't know. Nobody knows. But say for instance that we live each day that he was coming that day. If we live like he was coming this day when we awake, if we sleep and we awake in the resurrection, it'll be just as fresh as if we just fallen asleep. Just woke up. &gt;&gt; The trumpet will sound. The dead in Christ shall rise first. We which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with him to meet the Lord in air. See? So be just as fresh. But now until that time, until he comes, we want to live each day like he might come the next minute because it might be the end of your life at that minute. &gt;&gt; You don't know when you're going. This may be some of our last breath. We have it in us now. So you want to live like it is. But now to carry on further, we've got to put footprints here on the sands of time that others can see. If Paul hadn't went on the way he did, then John wouldn't know how to follow. If John hadn't went on, Polocart wouldn't have known how to follow. If Polocarp wouldn't have went on, Ireinius wouldn't know how to follow. If Ireinius wouldn't have went on, Martin would have known how to follow. See what I mean? Each one has to put footprints on the sands of time. &gt;&gt; Well, if I thought that there was a denomination or any other group of believers that had anything better than we have here, brethren, I would have want to emerge this little body with it right quick. I've waited. I have longed. I have been under anticipations and believe that some great one was coming someday or maybe the great prophet that I speak will come of the Elijah. I've always believed and thought maybe that maybe I'd live to see the day that when I could change when I'd see that person rise on the scene then I could take my little church and say, "Brethren, this is the man we have looked for. This man, he is the one. I've waited for that. And if actually that has passed, then I'm looking to say it from up here. Brethren, this is the one coming from here. See, and uh I want to see the church kept up like that. I must have stepped on something or done something and put a lot of uh more uh life in that thing. So um now I would like to say this that now that this is an established church let me just stop again just a moment when I went to Bombay I count that my greatest meeting because of the effects it had on the people and I if in Africa they say 30,000 came to Christ at one time then there was 150 or 200,000 came to Christ at one time out of had half a million there. What could I do? There wasn't a thing perhaps maybe say there was just say there's 100,000 of them. There was no church, nothing I could do. There's nobody to give to them. The message I believe I there wasn't even a Pentecostal denomination would cooperate with me. And all those souls probably drifted right back into Sikhs, Jans, Buddhism, whatever more they come from. No place to put them. Now that's a shame. &gt;&gt; Yeah, &gt;&gt; that's a disgrace. See, because I had no cooperation because of the stand that I take. Well, in Africa, I went in there under that opaces of the uh the um the AFM and African faith missions. And what I did, of course, I can't agree with them. They they baptized people in a triune baptism three times space forward. mother and baptizes three times backwards. One for one God the Father and the other for another God the Son, the other for another God the Holy Ghost and baptiz them three different times for three different gods and all such stuff as that and perhaps the Durban meeting not having it rightly and the people see such a scattered amongst the Pentecostal faiths and so forth the people didn't know what to do. They had no place to go. Perhaps what if we just had a revival here, brethren? Let me place it like this. What if we just got through with a big revival and you brethren had just got converted and there wasn't a church of this type in the country nowhere. And I've been the evangelist and now I'm leaving out. You may never see me again. What would you do? You'd feel like you wouldn't know what to do. You can't go back to that waller again. You can't go back down there with uh with your wives to wear shorts and your and uh to your card parties and dances and things like that and ever be satisfied again. You've come to life. &gt;&gt; You've raised above that thing. You've come to a place instead of saying this is our creed saying this is God's word &gt;&gt; and you've come to live by this what this says and not what and you go down there and listen to them and hear them go down play bunko and have a dance and this that and the other a little bit of message that had nothing in it about some mayor or something or was going to be reelected or some kind of a political affair and cut off in 10 or 15 minutes after you've been sitting here day after day in great gastronomical jubilees of the burden things you wouldn't know what to do. You'd be so burdened with it that some of you lay members would feel like starting up a church and start preaching yourself because your heart would burn for the word of God and you'd feel bad for the people that felt the same way you did. &gt;&gt; Isn't that right? &gt;&gt; Though you know Jesus is coming, thought he was coming tomorrow, yet you'd want to do something today for those people who fellow citizens of the kingdom of God to come together. You want fellowship with them. That's right. So if it's this way now, I believe with all my heart that the Lord has helped me and has used me to spearhead a great revival, one of the greatest that's ever struck the world since the early days across the world. We know that. That's right. It was all gone at that time. And and he met me down there on the river and told me that the message that I had would forun the second coming of Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; And I suppose there's nobody here tonight that was down there that day. That's been about 32 years ago when that light appeared and standing there at me looking right at it. Hundreds of people standing looking at it. You come right down and that voice spoke years later. Strange that the camera takes the same picture looks the same thing just exactly what I told you down the river. Now I may be mistaken in a lot of things, brethren, but I don't want to be a hypocrite. I want to be honest and straight with you. And then another thing, if id have went away, what would it never build a church here like that? It's hard to know what we'd had. See, if I just went on, but the God of heaven put it up on my heart to build this church here. &gt;&gt; And then when he called me out into evangelism, we've had pastor after pastor and so forth. But now we got a a precious brother here who's uh of the faith, believes the message. We've got other brothers out here that's believes a message haven't Am I getting too loud, brother? &gt;&gt; All right, let's see. Yeah. Um had uh we got we got the material and now you say, "Well, brother Brandham, if they won't hear these signs and wonders of the great God of heaven, how we going to do it?" Well, now what if St. Paul would have had that same idea? See what? But he didn't. those bishops stay just as loyal to the message and they and Paul ever so often after making his round you've read the Bible how you visit back with these churches talk with the pastors and with the bishops and so forth and tough uh relief from the people and and had a oh just a great time of fellowship like a revival or a big time of jubilee and the holy spirit would fall upon them and messages would come look when he went down there to Philillip even his daughters prophesied and said these chains in prison waiting for the for our brother when he gets up there and no more got out in the yard and here come acus a prophet walking down looked across the street had never seen Paul before the general overseer this whole group of churches throughout Asia and he walked around and pulled a string off of his side he had his garment tied with bound his hands and said thus sayeth the Lord chains and prisons wait for the one that wore this up there see prophesy and Paul said, "I know it. I know it, but don't break my heart now. Let me finish my course." He was tired. He was finished. And he was going on and leaving his bishop with Timothy. Now, we got to think of young people. We got children. Most of us people here, married man has children. Well, what about them? It's coming on. See, like I used to kick up down there about them throwing those cast nets on the river and pulling out them perch and the drinks drunkards and things. I've seen them piled high as this ceiling here. Big fine perch laying there to stink bee all around the river. I went out as a game warden to make him stop it. I got a letter alone. What are you going to do? It belongs to Kentucky. Now Kentucky warden can't come over here because he's out of his territory. Indiana warden has nothing to say into it because the water belongs to Kentucky. There you are. Nothing to be done. I said, "I've got a boy coming on like the fish." While they put his picture in the paper, if he caught a chub, 20 years now, let that go on like that. Those nets, traps, and everything else. It's practically getting like that right now. See, what's the matter? You've got to think of these as coming on. So, we've got to think of the others that's coming on behind us, these young people, and so forth. And a place for our children, our daughters. We don't want them out in the world and these things like that. We want them girls raised like their mothers and we've got to make arrangements for that. And if there is no tomorrow, we don't know that. If there is no tomorrow, we haven't done nothing but been at the master's business and been found at our post of duty when he does come. &gt;&gt; See, so I would suggest this. I did brother Neville. Let's carry this on just as we have. &gt;&gt; Let's let it just the way it is. I'm grateful for these young ministers. See actually at the day of judgment for this entire valleys to hear there will be no excuse because we've got little churches setting out everywhere outpost listening post waiting last night as brothers church and asked if all in there was 45 behind the word and every hand went up. Now that made me feel good. If you have opportunity to this afternoon to go back, he'll finish the rest of it. It's about another 25 uh 30 minutes. Uh there's quite a few tremendous remarks in there, but you notice he said, and I I I liked how he closed it. He said, I would suggest this. I did to brother Neville. Let's carry this on just as we have it. And so the the importance of it is and th this is out of the message taking sides with Jesus is he laid out the pattern of the church to us and and we know that pattern that it was laid out in the first chapters of Revelation that when John saw the vision he saw a great candlestick And the the c the Lord was standing in the midst of the candlestick and there were seven stars, seven candles and they all drew the wick from the same spot within their uh and where their flame was burning. And we knew that those seven stars and those se those seven candles were the seven church ages. The seven stars were the messengers of the church age and and So we understood that God had a a plan and it it was hard because the the we know from our church history that the gospel began to dim and and from what was what was what the church first church was. It's hard to believe that all the world knew as Christianity was the Roman Catholic Church. What went into the ground at the day of Pentecost now had went into such darkness. And we know that horse riders were not talking about that this morning. It went into such darkness that the what the people's idea of the church was. In other words, what they thought God was, they're they're sincere. Now, you understand? They're not evil. they're not that they want to serve God, but if they if they weren't taught right and they didn't know any better and and and God didn't intervene with them directly through some divine uh inspiration, they would naturally as human being presume this is right. This is what we do. We go to a priest. We kneel down. We confess our sins to the priest. He tells us to do something. Go light a candle. Go do a good work. Go say a prayer. And then our sins will be recovered. And so we would we would naturally follow that because we believe and have faith in it that that's the right way. They're sincere and we know that God will honor sincerity. Any that's in this message. You can go read it. He'll honor anybody that's sincere. They can be sincerely wrong, but yet God will honor their sincerity. That's the grace and the mercy of of of the Lord. And and so the church was in darkness. And then the church, we know that it began to revive up. It began to come up. Luther came on the scene. And he brought a a revelation to the church that no, you don't have to confess your sins to the priest. No, that isn't the literal body and blood of Jesus Christ. Can you imagine being a Catholic all your life? You've paid thousands of dollars for your sins. You've lit You've lit hundreds of candles. You've prayed to every saint in the book. You know what I mean? Which there's dozens and dozens of them. And one day you get a divine revelation that Jesus Christ's blood paid the price from all your sins. That you don't have to pay that price for that sin. &gt;&gt; That that sin was forgiven from you. Well, you were yet a sinner. He died for you, covering your sin. and you understood that you could be free from that burden &gt;&gt; and that there was one sacrifice for sin and that that that you didn't have to live under that that you weren't subject to that. In other words, when you were a Catholic, it wasn't until you performed the penance that the absolution was any good. So I could tell you as a priest now you go you go say four Hail Marys, four glory bees, four our fathers and and and then you know and I'll absolut but if you didn't do the the penance then the forgiveness wasn't any good. What kind of forgiveness is that? I'll forgive you if you do this for me. No. Can you imagine? It was wonderful. It was glorious. They came out of the church. Luther began to talk about being justified, the justification by the grace of God. It was by grace and mercy, not by works. Of course, then that because there was nobody to take him any further that began to get mixed up with the ideas of man and all men started coming in. They started teaching it. They started adding to it. They started doing all this and it got all mixed up. But remember, there is a pure word of God. There is a pure will of God. That's what you we've got to remember. man's always added to it and taken away from it and added to it and tried to improve it and and everything, you know, they always want to add a little bit, you know, add a little spice, add a little this, add a little that, make it better for the people, some way where they could attach themselves to it in some manner. Well, it got messed up. And then then John Wesley came on the scene and he began to preach, hey, you not only you got to live right, you got to live clean. You got to live just. Sure, your sins are forgiven. You know what I mean? But if your sins are forgiven, then you ought to have a life that represents that. &gt;&gt; And he began to preach sanctification, what it meant. A and he preached, you know, we just throw it in one big category, but the teachings of John Wesley were was about discipline, &gt;&gt; about sacrifice, about about order in your life. You know, it just wasn't happy golucky. You know, they they said he prayed till his eyes were well and shut. That's what he taught the church. There's discipline. You get up in the morning, you do your prayers, you you sanctify, you make things right, you you you stay away from the appearance of evil. uh you do those are things that were taught because they were lacking because when they got the revelation of justification and they went forward they were so grateful for justification they didn't know that they needed to take care of the other things then God sent them a message take care of these things too take care of these things be right be good let your light shine. Don't give anybody an occasion to give you an accusation. And that came up and then then we know that that people begin to seek out the gifts back into the church. And they called that Pentecost. That wasn't the original Pentecost. That was nothing other than the restoration of gifts. Some people said that they began to pray. The spirit of God began to move on them. They spoke in tongues. That was great. Uh they they saw things. God dealt with their heart. That should still be in the church. Were not never taken away from the church. But man began to get a hold of it again. And then they begin to say that tongues was the evidence of the Holy Spirit. And that that the leadership of the feeling of the spirit, the spirit moving upon you had greater value than what the scripture said. And there became a divide between the word of God and the spirit of God. People were feeling led to do things that were contrary to the word. because they felt it. &gt;&gt; They were anointed. They were in that anointing. They were in that leadership. And and the leadership part of it was true, but the man part of it was what messed it up. The flesh part of it messed it up. The spirit of God will never lead lead you contrary to the word of God. Now, we all make mistakes. I've made lots of mistakes. I've done a lot of things I'm a ashamed of that I didn't know. I used my own wisdom. I didn't wait it out like the prophet of God said until God made a way. I went ahead and jumped in and went ahead and tried to handle it myself. I couldn't wait. You know, that impatience is the hardest thing for us as believers. The whole church got impatient. waiting for God, the spirit to maneuver. And we all went out and created a great big mess in this message with emotions and trying to establish the gifts and everything in the church. And God's got an order to things. He's got a way that works. And now what we're doing is we're waiting for the work to catch up. We've all tried to burn down the building with evangelism and with anointing and with with fire. It's just caused a big problem. It always causes disunityity. &gt;&gt; And then we we know that that went through that and Pentecost just blew up into all kinds of things. The prophet of God even talks about it. He talked about the two buckets. He said he had the oneness and he had the the the assemblies with the trinitarians. And he said, "I never cross those buckets. I let those trees grow up the same." He says, "Because they were both wrong." And so we we find out that then the church was in a mess. Pentecostal church got in a mess. Women preachers everywhere, all kinds of things. And then God sent us a messenger. &gt;&gt; That's what he did. &gt;&gt; He sent somebody to come back and restore it back. Now everybody thinks he retried he didn't restore it back to the emotion. He didn't restore it back to the feeling. He restored it back to the word. That's what he restored it back to the way it's be to be in the word of God. And in this particular message, the prophet of God has found himself. And I I I could if I played it more, but I'll just put this in here for a short moment. He was told to do the work of evangelist. Now he's got a place where he feels either I'm a prophet or I'm an evangelist. They both don't work together. And he was going through this great time in his life that he had some visions and and he had a dream and and so now he's trying to make a decision. Now, by the grace of God, we can look back on that now &gt;&gt; and know that he talks about I can't stay here. I've got to move on. He's letting people know what's going on in his life. And so, he went from there to Tucson. And that's where he understood now that he was going to open the seals. The sword came into his hand. He knew it was the third pull. And he he well but at this particular time the present stage of his ministry he he didn't know what what his future was but the one thing he did know he said this when if the angel came to me on the river &gt;&gt; and said as your message for as John the Baptist forerrun the first coming of Christ so shall your message forerrun the second of Christ. He knew that part of it was true. And therefore, he said, if this is an established part and we know this is true and we know what we have is true, then let's stay with it. &gt;&gt; And that's what my heart's desire has been. Now, I want the movement of the spirit. &gt;&gt; I want those things in the church. I want people. But you can't leave what you got to get it. You got to wait on God to give it. &gt;&gt; And you've got to have the reason. Now, I'm just sharing my heart with you this morning &gt;&gt; because we're in a real tremendous time in this country and the atmosphere that we're living under. this young Christian politician uh got murdered the other day and and that that that's a a sad thing &gt;&gt; and and you know I'm not for that. But if you think that Trump is God's answer for this c country, you're crazy. And now the Republicans are all standing up saying, "God's on our side." &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? We're We're right. They're demons. They're evil. It's just division. Don't you know that's what God said? If a kingdom be divided against itself, it can't stand. Everybody's What? They prophesying out of their own mouth. This is the end of democracy. This is the end of America. Why do you think they're saying that? because it is. &gt;&gt; They've rejected God. &gt;&gt; They rejected the purpose they they were here. They rejected the reason the country was raised up. &gt;&gt; They're trying to fend defend immorality, trying to defend themselves. Everybody wants to stand up like some shining night. You know what the scripture says? A good soldier does not entangle himself with the affairs of the world. &gt;&gt; I'm not questioning anybody's sincerity. &gt;&gt; I'm not questioning conservatism versus liberalism. &gt;&gt; They're two different buckets. They're both wrong. &gt;&gt; You may feel parts of this is right. You may feel parts of that's right. They're both wrong. &gt;&gt; That's not what we're to take sides with. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; We're take we're here to take sides with Jesus. &gt;&gt; Now, if you're going to take sides with somebody, &gt;&gt; you understand? In other words, you're you're going to choose or you're going to vote &gt;&gt; or and if your vote is what you promote. &gt;&gt; Now, you vote your political conscience any way you want to. I don't care who you vote for. I'm not here to get votes for anybody. But what I am here to say is that if you take sides with Jesus, &gt;&gt; then you will be about his business. &gt;&gt; Did you hear what he said? He said, "We say that I chop the wood. &gt;&gt; It's John's job &gt;&gt; to carry it in." &gt;&gt; He said, "No. It's your job to carry it in. You're part of the family. You carry it in. If John, if Fred don't want to pack the water, you pack the water. &gt;&gt; But you know what we've got here? We've got a lot of no wood packers. We've got no water packers. We got people that aren't involved in the church. They don't care about nothing. They don't care about how it goes, how it works, what it takes to keep it in service. Fine. &gt;&gt; But what side are you on? Like the guy said, I ain't what I ought to be and I ain't what I want to be, but praise God, I ain't what I used to be. Amen. &gt;&gt; Like the guy that held the Bible. &gt;&gt; They say he was there and he he saw the he he was looking at the the display of Abraham Lincoln and he jumped back and he cried and and they said, "Why are you crying?" He said, "Well, this man's blood helped get my freedom." And they said, "Why are you holding the Bible?" He said, "You can't even read it." He says, "I want people to know what side I'm on. You know what the curse of this age is? &gt;&gt; It's lukewarm. &gt;&gt; It's not what side are you on? &gt;&gt; What's the number one priority? What do you choose above everything when the hour of decision comes? What is it that you pick above all things? Who do you follow? What do you put your effort into? What do you put your time into? What is it that moves you? And that's why this is the age of it being lukewarm. It's a it's a terrible time that we live in. It's hard. Keep talking about hard times when a neighbor would finally get enough money to make a pot of beans and everybody would come over and eat it. You know, my mom grew up in that time. I never could get it out of her. You know what I mean? She would she wouldn't want they said she told me she said we never everybody in town wouldn't want rinse their milk bottles out. You know why? Because they'd have to hire somebody to clean milk bottles. That's the way they thought of one another. Everybody was in the struggle together. Everybody was in the battle together. Everybody tried to have it work together. He said he he said we'd pass an offering in a building packed out like this and he said we get 30 cents. It wasn't because they didn't want to give. That's all they had. &gt;&gt; I like what he said. He said, you know, if if you fed on this word, he said, and you knew you couldn't go back to the same old garbage and eat that same old stuff. And and what do we we don't want to go back there and eat that stuff. He said you'd go out yourself and make a place that the word could good. And all I'm saying is we got a place. Let's keep it a place &gt;&gt; where the word of God is. &gt;&gt; And if these ministers go out and they go out and they have they start places. We've had a lot of preachers come out from here that start places. Praise God. Let them stay with the word. We're all one family anyway. &gt;&gt; We're all waiting for the same thing. &gt;&gt; But my heart has always been and and I'll just tell you right now, I I'm I'm so tired of getting over and over and over again people telling me what they do. They don't do this. They don't do that. Talking about the clergy, talking about other believers in the message, talking about, oh, this, oh, you know, they don't take the word, they don't follow the word, they they've run after this, they do this, they don't believe this, they do this, blah, blah, blah. And and I I And you know what that does to me? I might agree with every of it, but there's always one thing that rises up in me. What are you doing? Amen. &gt;&gt; These they might be doing something wrong, but they're doing something. &gt;&gt; You know, one of the biggest sayings for this age is just do it. &gt;&gt; You know where they got it from? &gt;&gt; Right here. &gt;&gt; He said, "Just do it." &gt;&gt; You ought to go read the rest of this. part of that until he takes up the message. Taking sight with Jesus. Well, really, we're an established church. I mean, you come here, you sit here. What is our business really? What is it? I don't want this church to be a church that's just fighting everything that's wrong. &gt;&gt; You're never going to get rid of it. &gt;&gt; You're always going to have things come up. You're always going to have different ideas. You're always going to have guys that come through that preach a little different, say a little different. You know what what brother said in this message about Matsson and Boze? He's having Mats and Boze come to speak to his church to tell him what he had done on the mission field in Tanzanica. And he tells right in this tape, he said, "I've sat Madison and Boze down and tied him up in scripture and he knows this is the message truth." He'll say, "Yes, it's truth, Brother Brandham." But he'll just go his own way. You'll have people like that. &gt;&gt; But Brother Brandham loved him. Had him in his church. Amen. &gt;&gt; Because the important thing and I I I believe that God allowed this to happen. Brother Paul heard that a child was sick, maybe his daughter's friend or school. So, he went to the hospital. She had leukemia and he prayed for her. And she was miraculously healed &gt;&gt; without show, without event or nothing. &gt;&gt; A little girl's life was saved &gt;&gt; from leukemia cuz the spirit of God moved on Paul. He had compassion in his heart and he went and prayed for her and he was obedient. to that &gt;&gt; and there is a miracle, a real miracle. &gt;&gt; And that if we don't careful, &gt;&gt; Satan will allow us to get in the battle with our brethren, the ones that are supposedly fighting for the same cause that we're fighting for. Our focus, our being as a body of believers have been established whether you come here cuz mommy makes you or not for whatever reason that you come. But if you've had an experience with the Lord Jesus Christ, the prophet of God said there's something in you that compels you to tell somebody else. Amen. &gt;&gt; And if our focus as a body of believers should be and our mind should be set, not on what other churches are doing, &gt;&gt; not on what other brothers are preaching, &gt;&gt; not on what doctrines are going around and what movements are going around. &gt;&gt; We purposed in our heart to stay with the message the best we can. And I could say like I said that like brother Bram said I put a lot of years of sweat in this pulpit to keep it straight. But our goal in each heart should be to get this message to this community. We should be about our father's business. That's what taking sides with Jesus is really all about. I don't want to talk against if a brother wants tongues and shouting in his church. Praise God. I don't want to straighten that out. That's my brother. &gt;&gt; If they want to fuss about music and argue about what songs to sing and all that, let them go. It's not my job. It's not my job. My business to straighten out the world. &gt;&gt; The Holy Spirit will deal with each of those men as he's doing now. But our job is to go into our community and do our job of spreading this message. So if if we we have a church, we got good deacons. I know we run into little problems, you know, of kids doing their potty on the pews and you you have that and scribbling on the books and and you know, eating and all this humanistic stuff. And we'll deal with that, you know, until, you know, and the minute you get all those kids raised, they get married and have kids and you're, they bring that problem that they were back into the world. So just remember the problem that you were, you brought back into the world. You were a terrible teen. You had a teen. I remember I was my dad called me and I was there and she he asked she he says where's David? He says well he's got the toilet off of the seat and he's digging a hairbrush where the kids flushed a hairbrush down the toilet. My dad just laughed because he knew he did that for me. Just remember, somebody did it for you. &gt;&gt; And if we lose focus, if we don't take sides, then we lose the purpose that we're here for. If we don't pack the water for one another, if we don't pack the wood for one another, if we don't take sides with Jesus, then we're drifting down the wrong road. Signs and wonders were given to win souls. They weren't given as an evidence that you're saved &gt;&gt; or that God's with you. &gt;&gt; You only know God's with you by one thing is having faith in your death. &gt;&gt; You know God's with you because he's with you. &gt;&gt; I don't have to look over here or look over here to know whether God's with me or not. I got to look inside. &gt;&gt; Amen. And when I look inside and I see there's places I go that he don't, then I have a decision to make. When I look in here and I see I do things he didn't, then I have a decision to make. You know whether he's with you. That's personal. I'm talking about our body. And I don't want our body and our hearts and our minds to be caught up in national politics or message politics. I've been in this message since 19 6970. I don't even know how long ago that is. I met a lot of men that knew Brother Benham. I've watched a lot of my friends die. The one thing that I noticed that hasn't changed is what he stored up. That's still life. And I don't I don't want to be a voice for either bucket. I don't want to be a voice for what's right and who's got the right interpretation and these guys say this and these guys say that. I won't get no more texts about it. I won't have no more conversations about it. I'm done with it. They're all my brothers. They're all right. They're all feeding. They're all doing their things. The prophet of God said, "Let every tree grow in its own bucket." My question is, what's growing in our bucket? What are we doing in this body? You can't run from America. You can't leave. I I I've you can't run from problems. They follow you. I had friends that lived in the most beautiful place in the whole wide world. You wouldn't think there was a problem in a million miles. Gorgeous, absolutely fantastic, beautiful. Just hide up in the hills. You wouldn't think there'd be no trouble. Trouble strikes. People have heart attacks. Accidents happen. The prophet of God never even told him to leave California. Do you know that what he said? He said, "Flee into Christ cuz he knew that Christ would lead them out. &gt;&gt; Flee into Christ. Let's be about our father's business. We're not against anybody. Let Let the preachers preach how they preach. I'm not trying to get every preacher to change his style. Let them preach. If you can eat, eat what you can eat. Spit out the seeds. But know you're absolute. Know your calling. Know the work and purpose for which God called you. Do you have a calling? Do you have a work? Are you doing something for the kingdom of God? Are you sharing the message? Are you letting your light shine? Are you furthering the kingdom? Or are you letting the wood get wet? Are you letting the water stay in the bucket? He said that's not how it is in the family of God. That's not how things go. And I think if we if in our purpose of our heart we would start taking sides with Jesus, we'd start doing things the way he did things. So I I just want to make clear what I've always longed for the last few years and in the last few years we've been caught up in the building of this church because we had to have it. I mean we just couldn't keep sticking this many people in a what we had. But if and I I I've never wanted this church to be an enson to how that we think things should be done. My heart's desire for this church has always been outreach. But it it's always been to me about outreach. What can we do for furthering this gospel? What can we do to spread this and give this great message, the last word of hope to others? Nobody can take your place. Every single one of you has a voice and a heart and feelings for people that hurt. There's somebody out in the world that's just like you. Same upbringing, same mental problems, same battles, same struggles. There's somebody that you can reach that I can never reach. The question is, are we reaching? I'm so happy with the brothers that go to the nursing home and share and give those elderly people, whether they know can remember their name tomorrow or not, they sit a few moments and they gather and they hear the word of God. To me, that's life. That's light. And I believe the Lord Jesus told us, "Let's let our light shine amongst men that our good works might glorify our father which is in heaven. Let's go into all the world and preach the gospel. Let's tell those that you you know are sick." Don't be afraid of that sickness. You might be the only hope they have by saying God's a healer. Listen to this tape. Let me pray for you. You don't know what God will do. And I'll close with this. Brother Rem said that when you die and you go to sleep, you go to sleep with the same anticipation you have on earth. You know, I've never caught that &gt;&gt; before. When they wake up, they're going to wake up. Where's the coming of the Lord? He said that doesn't leave you when you die. He said it in another place, the character you go into the ground with is the character that you have. It's the only thing you bring with them. I thought that look at those. They all look forward to it. He said, "If God would have said 2,000 years, we'd have all fallen asleep. But we should have an anticipation." And with that anticipation, we ought to have a love for the lost. If the Lord comes, friend, you're not ready. Let me share something with you that'll give you life, and you'll find out if you have it. Because if you got it, you want to share it. &gt;&gt; If you don't want to share it, it's a good possibility you've lost your enthusiasm. And I would read that quote about lost enthusiasm. He said, "If you've lost your enthusiasm, there's something wrong." &gt;&gt; And so I say, "Lord, restore my enthusiasm." As the pastor of this church, I'm not against anybody in the message. I'm done. I want to be about lost souls. &gt;&gt; I want to be about letting our light shine. Being what we should be, &gt;&gt; being a shining light in our life, taking care of one another, loving one another, helping one another. and let the love of God be shed abroad in our heart by the Holy Spirit. It's my heart's desire. God bless you. Let's stand this morning. The musicians would come. The brother of God said there'll be a uniting time and we're seeing it now. People's opinions are getting stronger. They're siding to different forces. But I pray with all my heart there'll be a people that will side with the work of the Lord. That's their identity. What did Jesus do? Jesus, for this cause the son of man has come into the world that he might find them that are lost and bring them to the kingdom of God that he'll might heal the sick and the brokenhearted. Well, maybe with we just bow our heads as they softly play and you just ask yourself, I don't know your life. Many of you, I've never been to your home. I don't know what you all do for a living. So, this is a question you have to ask yourself. Am I about my father's business? Am I doing my part in the body of Christ for my brothers, for my sisters, for the lost. When the eyes of heaven look down upon me, what are they finding that I'm doing? Am I talking about all the air and all the attitudes and of all the brothers that don't see things the way I do? Am I always negative? Am I complaining? Am I unhappy? Or is the joy of the Lord bubbling in my soul? Cuz I believe that any day now the sky may open and there he'll be. and I'll be caught up and the dead in Christ will rise and they'll rise with the same anticipation I have and expectation for his coming. It'll be fresh, the prophet of God said on them. It'll be a fresh and alive on them because that's what they live for. That's what they worked for. And Lord, this world is trying to strangle us. And Lord, I ask for a revival in my heart. That we could turn our focus upon what's the most important thing in finding that lost soul, getting as many in as we can. I know father the more people the more problems but lord the more problems the more life and power that is there to handle it there's nothing you can't handle Lord Jesus may we come together in the unity of outreach restoration and revival that's my heart's desire this morning that we take sides, Father. And I hope that each heart, maybe they raised their hand, maybe they didn't, but at least we'd examine ourselves and we'd say in our heart, "What could I do to further the kingdom of God?" Lead us, Father. May we see you go before us in the malberry bush in the rustling of the leaves. And may we step out in the leadership of your spirit, Father, carrying out the great commission. For the church was built on one con commission. Go into all the world and preach the gospel. Then these signs will follow. We've got the signs in front of the the preaching of it. We're trying to have the signs without going out into the world. Father, your prophet of God said that he wanted to put the church back in order. The spirit didn't fall until they had all those things in order. And father, I believe with all my heart if we get our outreach, our purpose, our lives in the right direction that your spirit will fall in a way that there will be no confusion. It'll be you and we'll see more testimonies like brother Paul's testimony because there will be more people doing the same work. Uh, Father, I'm the most guilty of all that are here. I need the revival more than anyone. If this message is to nobody but me this morning, Father, please let it take root. I ask that you'd be mighty and merciful and grateful in Jesus precious and holy name we pray. Oh, I to Jesus. I surrender all to him. I freely give. I will ever love in his presence daily live. I surrender. Oh Lord, it's not easy. I surrender all to thee my savior I &gt;&gt; let's sing the next one [Music] to Jesus I surrender [Music] my world for shaking Jesus [Music] now. I surrender all. [Music] I surrender all [Music] to thee my blessed Savior Christ. Let's sing that last verse with me if you would. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, do you feel that sacred flame? Glor. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. [Music] &gt;&gt; Glory to his praise. &gt;&gt; I surrender all. I surrender all. [Music] All to thee my savior I surrender. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. you know, one time visiting with brother Neville, you know, I was a young man just coming to the message and brother Neville was walking. They just started playing tapes uh at the tabernacle. Brother Neville, you know, he took me by the hand. He said, you know, he said, Brother Bram told me, he says, when you say you're sorry, he says, 90% of it's all over them. That's right. &gt;&gt; You know, in other words, God takes care of the rest. If you've made a mess, don't worry about it. God's fixed many a messes. &gt;&gt; He'll take care of it. And so if you repurpose your heart, if you've repurposed your heart, then 90% of it's already taken care of. &gt;&gt; You don't have to go back. We leave those things which are behind behind and we press for a higher calling. And I just feel that this is the better way for us to go &gt;&gt; as our father's business. Don't you? I hope you're with me on it. I hope that you could listen to this tape and and see the burden of brother Random's heart and the things that he said. And and that's all I can say. But I can tell you one thing. I've never been sorry that I've chose this message. Anybody sorry about this? Huh? Uh-uh. I I couldn't say this. I'll tell you, I don't even know if I'd be alive if I didn't hear this word. I mean, I was on crazy path, you know, and but he just come by and and I've never been sorry. We're going to sing this. This is our dismissal song. You're free to go in peace. Ever since Jesus saved and pardoned, I've been singing every day. I've never been sorry, but I trusted his name. [Music] Oh, the dark is with me fighting the upward way. I've never been sorry. and I trusted his name. I've never been sorry. [Music] [Applause] [Music] I trusted his name. All day long I sing the story of praise for his wonderful love. I've never been sorry that I trusted his name. Surely I know a home is waiting for in heaven. I've never been sorry that I trust it is made. I've never been sorry. Every moment I find him exactly the same. My soul's been singing. [Music] I've never been sorry, but I trusted his name. I'm a star of hope is shining through bright and low in sorry his name [Music] Jesus with me this I know I've never been sorry his name hallelujah Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Happy. [Music]
