################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-11 - [2025-06-11wed] Tape: "The Time Is At Hand" 56-0408e - Unknown Speaker - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-11
Title:   [2025-06-11wed] Tape: "The Time Is At Hand" 56-0408e
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j1WMz1slLjU
========================================

[Music] away. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] two. Amen. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Are [Music] Let's all stand and sing that tonight. Oh my butter of life sells on the trouble sea. Ever there's a way in my sin. by my heavenly father. He watches over me when the Easter begin. I know the master of the way. Yes, I know. I know the maker of the rain. [Music] He can call the storms to make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. [Music] Sometimes I saw a king in the sky. A wonder peace my soul can be found. I expect [Music] me. [Music] I know. I know. the he to shine again. I know the master of the [Music] you deserve the glory and the honor. Lord we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. Oh, you deserve the glory and the honor. Oh Lord, we lift our voices as we praise your holy name. For you are great. You hear there is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Oh, you are great. You do so great. There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. Sing it again tonight. Oh, you deserve the glory. Oh, and Lord, we lift our hands in worship as we praise your holy name. For you deserve the glory and the honor for glory. Lift our hands and worship as we praise your holy name. For you are you. [Music] There is no one else like you. There is no one else like you. You do. [Applause] [Music] There is no one else like you. [Music] There is no one else like you. Hallelujah. Amen. Aren't you glad there's no God like our God? One who can answer the cry of the wicked and you know and whatever you have need of. If you're weak, he can make you strong. Amen. If you're sick, he can heal you. He's there to answer to the needs of his children. And man, we have some needs that we want to bring before the church at this time. And man, we have a testimony from I believe from Ashley. Sister Ashley writes uh God bless you. I want to thank the Lord. My daughter Mia um was in uh uh my daughter Mia had her last card uh cardiology appointment yesterday and all her little holes in the heart have been closed. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. He certainly he's the great physicians. Amen. He knows how to operate on the heart. But as Jerel writes, God bless you all. I just want to give thanks to our Lord Jesus Christ for saving my son in a car accident that happened Monday, Monday morning. Praise the Lord that nothing happened to him. It says, "To God be the all the glory." Amen. Hallelujah. Amen. Brother John Inchanti has an unspoken request for a friend uh named NMA. We certainly want to uh lift a friend up before the Lord at this time and pray that whatever that need is the Lord can undertake for them. Amen. Also want to remember a pastor and just pray that the Lord will be with them and bring him back. Seth home. Many if you have a need upon your heart and we're standing before his presence just lift your hand up to him that he may come and hear your cry and your heart's desire tonight. Amen. And brother Jonathan, it's good to see you back. And if you could just come and take these needs before the church, the brothers that are taking the offerings, if you could come. Amen. [Music] Let us all Let us all bow. Gracious heavenly father. Yes, Lord. Just thank you so very much, Lord, for protecting us, Lord God, uh this week, Lord. and just hearing the testimony Lord God from our brother concerning this car accident Lord God and being with his son and Lord God we just thank you heavenly father Lord God there's so many things that you do for us uh just each and every day heavenly father and just may we give you glory for keeping us healthy and watching over us Lord and so many dangers Lord God on the road and our health and this testimony of your healing power Lord God on our on on this heart, Lord. And Lord, you're just so good, Lord God, to us. And we just thank you so very much, Lord. And you've allowed us to gather, Lord God, this evening one more time, Lord, to hear from thee and to to worship you and to lift up your name, Lord. And we just thank you, heavenly father, for this opportunity, Lord God. May we not take it for granted, heavenly father. There's so much that's just going out into the world, Lord. this there's so much discouragement Lord and this is a place of refuge Lord God we can draw strength Lord God not only from one another but mainly from you Lord and we just want to commit this service unto thee and may you just speak to our hearts heaven we father may we just leave so glad Lord God that we've come out to the house of the Lord and just commit these things into your precious hands in the name of Jesus Christ Lord we ask and pray amen Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. May turn around and welcome someone in the house of God. It's good to see brother Mike back and God bless you. Amen. All those that are back and God bless you. All our visitors, we welcome you tonight. Amen. Amen. God bless you. May have your seats. Oh, as I journey through the land, singing as I go. Oh, pring souls to Calary to the crimson flow. Oh, ps my soul from without. Oh, but my Lord leads me out. For him I must know I want to see him look forever. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh my [Music] god. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. We serve a living God. Not a dead God. Not a God of history, but a living God. Amen. Amen. Key of G. Amen. Who thought the sun wait to stand in the morning? [Music] Who told the ocean you can only come this far? [Music] And who show the moon? Way too hot. Whose words alone can count a falling song. [Music] I know my redeemer. [Music] Oh my god. [Music] My redeemer. What do we sing hallelujah the way the single Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my god. [Music] Oh, he to take away my [Music] he forever. [Music] Oh my precious blood. Heat. Heat. Oh my [Music] god. [Music] Oh my go [Music] to bring me victory. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh my god. [Music] [Music] heads. Our gracious Father, Father, we're so thankful that you live today. And we gather in your presence. You said in your word that because you live, we shall live also. Father, we know that you are the very source of life that's in us. Father, you said, "No man can come unto me unless the father has called him." Father, we are here as the elected called people that you have assembled together. And Lord, we've gathered for the bread of life, Lord. And we pray, Father, that you speak to our hearts tonight. Len, Father, when you speak, you speak life, Lord. And and every word that comes out of you is life to the believer. And we pray tonight that that life may be transmitted once again as we listen to your prophet, Lord. May you speak to the needs of each one represented here tonight, Father, that they not there may not be a need that goes out of here without you speaking to it. Because I believe, Lord, that your words has creative power, Lord. When we receive your word is creative power in action to go forth and to defeat the enemy, Father, that we are battling. We commit everything we are to you. We ask that you just take this portion of the service into your hands. Lord, you lead us and guide us. Speak to us. I pray. That's the desires of our heart. We love you and we ask this in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. and we're going to be listening to a tape and the title of it those headphones and devices that they'd like to be listening to uh from uh it's the time the time is at hand. Um it's only 27 minutes. I believe you'll be blessed. Um I listened to it myself and I was extremely blessed and I was telling brother Matthew in the back I said you know I I I listened to it. I said even if if I was given the same 27 minute, it would take me forever to just try to repeat what he said in those 27 minutes. So we certainly uh I believe with all my heart you'll be blessed by listening to it. And so um he's going to start reading the Bible and once he's done reading the scriptures, we could be seated and continue on. Amen. God bless you. Now I want to read two parts of the scripture and just take a few moments then we'll start the prayer line cause uh not to take up your time and we're in a hurry to get going back and then pray for some the sick over in St. John the 17th chapter and the first verse these lovely words of our savior. These words spake Jesus and lifted up his eyes to heaven and said, "Father, the hour is come. Glorify thy son. Thy son also may glorify thee." And in Revelations the first chapter and the first two or three verses, the revelation of Jesus Christ, which God gave unto him to show unto the saints things which must shortly come to pass. And he sent and signified it by his angel unto his servant John, whom beare record of the word of God, and of the testimony of Jesus Christ, and of all things that he saw. Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of the this prophecy, and keep the things which are written therein, for the time is at hand. I would take if it was for a text for just a few moments, the time is at hand. You know, this was the revelation that God gave to his age seer, the last of the prophets of that age of the original pro prophets that was with Jesus. John believed by many theologians to be the John the beloved who leaned on his bosom and he had been exiled out into the aisle of Patmas for the word of God's sake and he was a man who one time after following the Lord Jesus along he was a man who wanted to burn down the city because that they refused to give him some food said shall we call fire out of heaven but how that God had changed him since Christ had left the outside of him and come inside and he was out on the aisle of Patmas known as the the lover of the New Testament John the beloved and exiled out there for preaching the word and he was in the spirit on the Lord's day and God sent an angel and testified to him the things that was to come. In other words, he laid down the fulfilling of all things that's to be met in the last days is prophesied and the book was sealed. Nothing else can be added to it or nothing to be taken away from it. And as we read this marvelous book of Revelations, there's been in my home church. I'd taken once almost a year and a half to go through it slowly each night teaching on just the book of revelation and comparing it with the rest of the Bible and the ages and so forth that had passed on. Now there's time for all things that's an old American slogan and it's true. There's times that when you have to break your ground to plant your crop. There's times that you have to sew your seed. Then there's time that you reap your seed. There's times that nations has to begin. There's times that nation has to end. And the time that every fellow has to come to the time where you make a decision, there's got to be a time where you make your decision of whether you're going to be married or not. Then the decision that you and your girlfriend has to make whether you are going to live together or get married or not. There's all kinds of decisions to be made in life and they'll linger along for a certain period and then a time comes where it's got to be settled. That's the last time. It's got to happen now one way or the other. And Christian friend, I believe that we're living in the end time. That's right. that when all things that was written in the Bible, it's time now for all these things to come to pass. Right? And I believe that the very things that we see happening now, it's just exactly in season with God's word. Now, there was a time when God made the heavens and earth and put man on the earth. And then when man began to multiply and wax great in the earth, building cities and many people began to be fully populated, wickedness set in among the hearts of the people. And the time came where God had to send judgment. God set a time for that judgment. And then he also had a preacher of righteousness by the name of Noah who preached 120 years and was turned down by everyone except his own family. Then the time come that what Noah had prophesied through God must come to pass and the Andolvian destruction taken place and God floated the ark through preserving his self-esteem. There was a time when God spoke to Abraham and told him that his seed would sojourn for 400 years and be evil intreated in a nation, a heathen nation, but he would bring them out with a mighty hand. Now, before that could take place, which God had said, God had to have this nation ready, he had to have the people ready, and then he had to have a Moses ready to to go down there. God makes everything work together, right? Just like cogs coming together. We see it off sometime in a distance and wonder, could it ever be? But it always happens just the way God said it would be. And when the time of the promise drew nigh, there come a Pharaoh who did not know Joseph. And then at the time of the persecution and killing of the little children, God sent Moses, a prophet, came on the scene and miracles and signs begin to happen in the age because the time of that age was finished. There come a time where the Hebrew children had to make a stand whether they were going to bow down to a heathen image or whether they were going to keep their faith in the true and living God. The time came when the decision must be made and they made the right decision and God was with them. The time came when the prophet Daniel had to make a decision or whether he would fail to pray. He would keep the tradition of the religion of that country or whether he would go his regular custom where he had fellowship with God, raise up the windows and pray towards the temple daily. And Daniel had to make his his decision. And the time finally forced him to a place to where he had to make it. God when he speaks anything, he forces it to the place. Amen. And Daniel had to make a decision. And he went straight to this place of worship and raised up the windows and worshiped God. God protected his prophet. God will always do it. There come a time where there had to be the voice of one crying in the wilderness. Isaiah of 812 years before had prophesied that there'd be a voice of one crying in the wilderness. How little did the people know it? How little was they expecting it? the ages had went on and the and the places of the idea of the supernatural and the idea those things had faded from the people's hearts and all of a sudden right out of the blue sky we said it there came a fella out of the wilderness a burly looking fella a preaching repentance and telling the people that the axes laid to the root of the tree and every tree that didn't bring forth good fruit was shed down and cast into the fire and he said, "I indeed baptize you as water and two repentance." But there cometh one after me. Amen. If the people would have been aware of the prophecy of God, they' have known that John was to prepare the way of the Lord according to the prophecy. He said, "I am not he, but there's coming one after me whose shoes I'm not worthy to loose. He will baptize with the Holy Ghost and fire and his fan is in his hand and he'll thoroughly purge his floors and and gather the wheat into the garner and burn the chaff with unquenchable fire. And then come Jesus of Galilee to Jordan to be baptized of him. Just an ordinary looking young fellow of about 30 years old walked out into the water all these years since the time of a child where the angels saying and the magi followed the star. Nothing had been said very much about him. But when he was really to be the son of God, the anointed Messiah, God gave a sign out of heaven. John said, "I didn't know him." But the time had come for who John had been told by to vindicate who the person was. For he said, "He that sent me to baptize as water set up on whom thou shalt see the spirit descending and remaining, he's the one that'll baptize with the Holy Ghost and fire." The time came when that had to come to pass. The time came for Jesus to go into his ministry, for miracles and signs and wonders to be done. The time came for the Pharisees to reject him, the church to turn him down. The time came for the crucifixion. The time came for the revelation. The time came for the resurrection. And all these things has time limits. The time came for the woman who had the blood issue. It'd waited all these years to be healed. She'd went to the doctors for many years. But her issue kept coming forth. The doctors give her medicine and nothing would stop it. But the time came when she had said within her heart, I hear of this one and I believe him to be the Messiah. If I can only touch his garment, I'll be made ever with whole. And if you believe that in your heart, God's obligated then to present that before you if you believe it. Now, what if Jesus would have come and she looked down to the river that morning and see him get out of the boat, tired, weary bunch of man, and she said, "Well, I hear him laughing at him. Maybe I better not go down." Then it'll never happen. But God presented him. And when God presented him, she went and touched and believed because her time was that time. Amen. The time came that when he had told Nathaniel back there, if I told you where you was at or what your name was or so forth and you believe that, you shall it'll be a time when the dead that's in the grave shall hear the voice of the son of God and shall come forth. And the time came for that to happen. And he walked to the grave of Lazarus. And there stood the apostle standing around. And Jesus called a man after being dead four days back to life again because he had said so. Now friends, the time came for the carrying away of the the temple. The time came for the erecting of the abination that maketh desolation. That's spoken by Daniel. And now it's went to the siege. The time has come and passing. For the prophet said, "There'll be a day that it won't be neither dark nor light. It'll be a day, but in the evening time it'll be light." Now, we'll watch civilization travel from the east. China is supposed to be one of the oldest civilizations we have and it travel east going west civilization has. And now we've come plumbed to the west coast and revolve back around. The sun really rises in the east and sets in the west. Now I want to ask you something. If the eastern people, the sun rising in the east certainly shined on the eastern people first and they received a revival and that was the Pentecost that had been prophesied for years and years how God would inaugurate his church and send out a group of people that would do great signs and wonders. And the time came for Pentecost to come. They were gathered in the upper room. They wasn't discussing their religion. They were the one accord in one place. And the time came for the promise of the father as he said through Joel, I'll pour out my spirit in the last days upon all flesh. And the time came and the Bible said when the day of Pentecost had fully come, there came a sound from heaven as a rushing mighty wind. It filled all the house where they were sitting. Cloven tongues set upon them like as a fire. They were all filled with the Holy Ghost and began to speak with other tongues as the Spirit gave utterance. Out into the streets they went. And Peter standing up began to preach to them. The time had come because God had said so. From that little church went forth signs and wonders and everything. They laid people in the shadow of a man called Peter, a fisherman who could not even sign his own name. The Bible said he was ignorant and unlearned. But they taken heed that he had been with Jesus and they laid people in his shadow and they were healed because God had prophesied through his prophets that these things would take place. That was the breaking of the day in the eastern country. Now he said the prophet said there will be a day that it'll not be night or day. It'll just be kind of a gloomy misty weather. The sun went down, but the sun yet shining through the clouds. If it's cloudy, we yet walk by sunlight, but not the fullness brightness of the light. And then we've come to 2,000 years almost of that kind of a condition where we've had fine churches, organizations, Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Lutheran, Pentecostals, all different kinds of churches has come up during this time and they've had enough faith to believe that Jesus was the son of God. Enough light to look at the Bible and know that he died for our sins. But what has happened? The people has said, "But the days of miracles has passed." Why? They didn't have the light on it. They couldn't see it because God said they couldn't see it and they could not see it. But the prophet said, "In the evening time, the sun will shine. It'll be light in the evening time." And now here in America, the extreme western country, the greatest of the western civilizations that I believe with all my heart, is now there is breaking forth an oldfashioned Holy Ghost revival just like it was in the beginning with the same type of ministry, same signs and wonders, the same divine healings, the same reaction on the people just like it was in the beginning. For it's the same sun that rose in the east is setting in the west and the time has come for these things to be fulfilled. Amen. And I believe that that's exactly the reason you're seeing things go on the way they are today. It has happened the time. Look, when was the ever in the history, you people who are historians, when was there ever a time that a universal revival started? since the day of Pentecost of the phenomena of divine healing and the powers of the Holy Ghost, the gifts of the spirit. When did it ever happen? Oh, every time they've had a revival in a little place, uh, healings would take place or something like that, just in a little group of people. When the Methodists, uh, when they had a revival, they had divine healing. And the Baptists used to have some divine healing. and uh many of the others we find out that had some signs. But if you'll look friends, this great universal revival, the fires are burning on every hill of every nation in the world. God, right? Great signs and wonders in Korea down there. God raised up some little people down there after that Korean war when they were struggling and having a hard time to make a living. And God has raised up prophets and signs and wonders and a revival that just swept through Korea of an oldfashioned apostolic revival. A man and women who didn't even know the Bible. God is able of these stones, said John, to rise children unto Abraham. We're at the end time. And that's where we're standing today. A universal revival. It's a sign of the coming of the Lord Jesus. He will come and he cannot come until the gospel's been preached into every nation and they have at least not every nation received it but every nation has heard it when this gospel has been preached to every kinder tongue and nation than the end shall be. Amen. I was so amazed to go away into the dark jungles and back into the places of the lands where he sacrifices be made and kill a goat and spread the blood over the people and all the carrying on you ever heard to idols and find missionaries back there. Not not Pentecostal Pentecostal too but Presbyterian and Baptist and Christian. and they had received the Holy Ghost and was doing signs and wonders in the midst of the people. And I said, "Are you a Pentecostal?" Said, "No, brother. I belong to the Christian church." And I said, "You mean the Camelite church?" "Yes." Said, "Our people wouldn't in America, they'd never receive it. But we have found God." What is it? The time has come. Hallelujah. Amen. Look, the time has arrived that God is raised on the scene. The old formal church aid is gone. And the time that God is doing a new thing and he's not only doing it here, he's swept around the world everywhere. Way up into Iceland, into the Eskimos, out into the Indian tribes, way down in South India, Delhi, and in there. And down in there we find signs and wonders. Ministers have starved out there in those jungles of working and preaching and praying. Not long ago I talked to a famous man. He said, "I'd like to show you something on the communist line. Went down into a little place and sitting in there." He said, "I'll show you where they're worshiping." And I'll tell you, it looked like a groundhog hole where they were going down. And when we went into that place, there were people down there praying with their hands up and screaming and shouting and over the place. And I said, "My, all these Pentecostals said, there isn't a Pentecostal among them. There are Presbyterians and Baptists and Methodists and Lutherans and them that's hungered. They've been strained so hard till they've been pressed in till they've got a touch of God and they're hungry and God's filled their hearts with the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Godl Pentecostal people, we organize. I call myself one of you. Same as the do a Baptist. We've organized oursel and isolated yourself. But the time has come when God broke those barriers down. And he'll do it himself if he We ministers won't take it to him. The time has come and it's at hand now. The time has come for God Jehovah to rise on the scene and show himself. He always does it just at the junctions of time. And that time is now. The lights are shining. It's time now for me to stop preaching. It's time for me to pray for the sick. It's time that God will fulfill his word. Jesus said, "The things that I do will you do also, even more than this, for I go unto my father." It's time for God to prove that this word is truth. Not only a mythical story, not like Buddha. Well, they produce psychology. The Buddhas, the Mamas, and every other kind, they have a psychology with it. But there's not another religion under the skies that can produce the signs and wonders of a resurrected Jesus Christ except the Holy Ghost itself working in the people. Praise God. Our denominations here the other day I read a letter from a sister who was with Billy Graham and I'm down in in Saipan, brother Moore's daughter. Their picture was together in a paper where they had an interview and as soon Mrs. Moore said there Mrs. surprised it is. Now I said when they went in there here they had a missionary place there and they begin to talk and brother Osma was there and said now I having a little talk with him and he said brother Brandham was when I was having a meeting and I seen the angel of the Lord perform something there that night and some people from a famous church the Christian church went around to Mrs. Moore said we are on our way now to America to find brother Brandham to bring him back to Saipan. Said our church sure we wrote to him and told him what had broke out down here. Said we're having a real revival. Said we're praying for the sick signs and wonders and said the Holy Ghost is falling upon our people. They're speaking with tongues and showing great signs and wonders all over the place here. And said we're having a real revival. Hallelujah. The time has come when God has broke the denomination lines and shed forth his holy ghost upon the Methodist, Baptist, Presbyterian, Lutheran, and all and whosoever will have a humble contrite heart. Hallelujah. The separating time has come. There's a plum line. God, you'll meet one side of the line or the other. You are that way tonight, friends. On one side of the line. The time has come that when you sick people, many of you come here tonight to be healed, the time has come for your healing. I say to you that there's not enough man in this world that could come together and do anything towards divine healing for you. And there's only one healing, and that's divine healing. No other healing at all. Doctors don't heal. They don't claim to heal. They set bones and sew up places, but they don't put calcium and knit the bone together, and neither do they build tissue. and and he heal the arm is cut or whatever it is. They only sew it up and keep it clean while God heals it. That's right. They're God's servants to do so. Just like the man that makes soap to wash your hands with, the same thing. Now, the man that makes an automobile to give you a transportation or an airplane, it's just a goodness of God. But God is a giver of every good thing. Only healing can come through Almighty God. Glory. Yes, sir. I'd like to see the man that if I'd break my arm, I'd lay it out to him, said, "Doctor, heal my arm right quick. I got to continue on my message." Well, he'd think I was crazy. Certainly, he can't do it. He say, "I set your arm." Well, I thought you could heal. If you can heal me, heal me. I want to be healed. He can't. The only thing he can do is say, "Sir, I can set your arm and get it in place." Almighty God has to do the rest. That's right. He might take a pendic out or pull a tooth out, but he'll never heal the place it come from. That's right. It takes God. God builds tissue. God is the only healer. And the time has come that you, my friends, many of you has went to find doctors here in the city, which Chicago is noted for its fine doctors. And I'm so happy for them. and forever clinic and forever hospital. But let me tell you, every time you hear a siren ring, and every time you pass a graveyard, every time you see a gray hair, remember that's God warning you that someday you've got to meet him. You're not here to stay all the time. And I'm happy about it, aren't you? Certainly, the time has come now for us to realize these things. The time has come when God's breaking the boundaries down. And the time has come that the devil is rising up like a a wild lion going about roaring, doing everything he can, but the great battle is being set. I wonder what it would be tonight if we could climb above the heavens of heaven. And look at this great drama is just getting set together now, fixing to come to pass of God and the devil coming to a showdown. I'm so glad I'm on the winning side. I'm so glad that I follow the lamb because he said the lamb overcame them for he was king of kings and lord of lords. The time has come now for you to make a decision tonight what side you'll be on and I trust God that you'll make the decision that you'll follow the lamb. Shall we pray? Our heavenly father, we thank thee tonight because this is the time. Tomorrow may be too late for many people here. It may be too late for some that's sitting here sick and may die. They may be sinners and not know you. And it may be too late in the morning and just think they'll never have another chance as long as eternity rolls on. This may be the last time that you'll give a call to their heart. Oh God in tender mercy, not willing that any should perish but would all come to repentance. I pray thee, heavenly father, that just now that you'll speak to hearts in here about their eternal destination and word they shall spend it. Oh may it come to pass Lord that every heart that you touch will raise their hands and make a decision now and say this is my time and I now come to the Lord Jesus. Amen. Amen. Did you enjoy that? You know, it's so loved how there's so many things that just stood out to me as I was listening to it. It's saying that this is I believe in paragraph 16 it says now it's the time for all things. The old American slogan is true. He says it's there's a time that when you have to uh have to have to break through your ground to plant the crop and there's time that you have to sew your your seed and there's time it says and then there's time that you have to reap your seed. There's time that nation has to begin and there's time that they have to end. And then at the end of paragraph 17, he says, "And and then the time comes when it's got to be settled. It's the last time." It's it says it's got to happen now. One way or the other. And I just thought in my heart and and you know as human we most of the time we tend to think we have a lot of time right you know we we something may happen we living and you feel like well I can do t tomorrow I can do it the other day and you know this is going to come but he's really trying to let you know the moment you hear the word of god that's the time when when when we gather we come we hear the word of god this is the time it's not tomorrow It's not yesterday. It's not after we get out of church. It's the time. It's the time we So, it's whenever you hear the word of God, whether you need healing, you need salvation, you need the moment you hear that there is something there that God can provide for you, you grab that word of God at that time. Amen. We we we we know by the word of God, even as the prophet will say many other places, he said, "We we're not guaranteed tomorrow. we've gathered here. We're not even guaranteed that we're going to get home. So when we hear the word of God, when we receive the word of God, that's the time we make the decision. That's the time we gravitate towards the word of God and receive it. That's the time we hear his voice. The scripture will say that today, if you hear his voice, harden not your heart as in the days of provocation. So it's now the moment you hear the moment the word of God touches your hear that even uh uh it's that time that God is trying to do some something in your life. It's at that time that your heart is being convicted. It's at that time that you can receive. And he said Abraham's seed has already received but one will talk about we we live in a time where there is no more promises that we're going to see some new event uh some new uh sign come. He talked about Abraham's seed having received the last sign. In fact he he talks about how even the very times that's allocated to the gentile is run out. We we live in borrow time. We we we we we don't know. We can't say, "Well, I haven't seen this prophecy come. I'm going to wait until this happen." There's no time. There's no guarantee for what's going to happen. Preparation is done when the word of God is received. So, we we we so we we've he says here in uh I believe this is in the message um what was the Holy Ghost given for, but I'm going to mix the statement. And I just copied it in as I was uh listening to this message. It just blessed my heart. He said, "God is waiting on you and me. The church is waiting on you and me. Adoption time when God can pour into us his fullness." So we can't say, "Well, um I haven't seen uh this word fulfilled or that word come to pass." We know we live in the time where all the mysteries have been revealed. Yeah, we we have seen the son of man revealed. We've seen Luke 17:30. We've seen everything. And we couldn't go back and say this is not God is and I want to say this, God is not withholding a certain promise so that you it will slow down your progress. It it's it's it's really our progress and our growth is only uh tied to how much we eat and expose ourselves to the word of God. He he's revealed everything. That's why the prophet will say he talks about amnesia. He said this God has shaked all the possible gifts that could share before it could shake before the church and the church is still in this state where it it's not really understanding what's happening. So it's it's an understanding that all the mysteries have been revealed. All the word of God has been made known. Everything that was in the book has been made available to us. And we will say as the book as the prophet will say it's time for us to eat of the book and become the book. It's for us to believe the message, believe the word and become that word and act upon that word. So God is not going to uh come back or or there's not another promise. They say, "Well, you didn't know about this promise. I'm here to give you a new promise." No, it's the fullness of the word of God revealing the end time and it's given to the believer for them to eat and come into the image of that word. He says here he says and Christian friends I believe we are living in the time in the end time that all the things that was written in the Bible it's time now that all those things come to pass and I believe that the very things that we are see we see happening now is just exactly in season with God's word. I I thought you could take that that paragraph and and paste it in any age and it will be exactly the word of God. So it's the word of God coming to pass and to the believer they will see it and it's it's the eternal word given. All you can see and when you see the things around you, when you see what's happening in the world, you can see that this is the fulfillment of what was written that we are living in. I can see the promises of God happening in the church. I can see the promises of God happening in the life of the believer. I can see the world and see that they're fulfilling the things that were promised will happen into the world. He talks about Noah and at the end of paragraph 18 he makes this amazing you know he says that um let me just read it. It says now there was a time when God made uh uh made the heavens and the earth and he put men on earth and when men began to multiply and watch uh great in the earth building cities and many people began to uh to fully populate. wickedness set in among the hearts of the people and the time came where God had to send judgment and then he makes this statement and said God set a time for that judgment. I let me say this the wickedness or the the the wicked man cannot continually prosper forever. Amen. You see what I'm saying? We say, "Oh, how come the prosperity watch? There's a set time that God has in his mind that that prosperity will come to an end. The world said the world in the shape in the form with the things that are happening, it cannot last forever. Man is killing himself. Man is killing one another." All of those things. The the very word of God has a set time for everything. So when we hear the word of God, we know we can look at it and know that this is the judgment that's about to happen. This is judgment. The element of the judgment setting in why because they rejected the word of God and the only thing that they have left is judgment. And we can look at ourselves. I thought well maybe believers can also look at ourselves and said well it seems like you know every day is a struggle. We do good and you know but yet you know we still are persecuted. Time things get difficult and this happen and and that happen and this one gets sick and that one gets sick and this happen. Let me say this that also has an end. Your suffering has an end. Amen. Your struggle has an end. Your your trouble has an end. Your trial has an end. God is not going to try you forever. He has a set time. when that time comes, you will reap the fruits of your your your perseverance in the word of God. Amen. We don't have to worry. We don't have to come and say, well, you know, like you know, like we said last Sunday, since our father sleep, everything continue. It will continue, but there will be a time. Let me tell you, when Noah waited 150 years, they thought it was crazy for sure. But there came a time when it was the last time. The scripture says, "Be not we be weary in welloing." So when we come and we give our lives to God, we consecrate ourselves and oh my, I tell you this, some people may look and say, "Well, I don't go to church as much as others, but I don't see the difference." Well, wait and see. You're going to see the difference one day. You Let me say this. This is the true word of God. You cannot come into the presence day in and day out. You're not seeing the change, but change is coming. You say, "Well, I don't see I I I'm I'm still the same person. I'm still struggling. I'm still doing." God has a time. You continually come before him and come before you. One day, it will be the end of your struggle. There's a time. Otherwise, he's not a just God. He He He will let things go, but he's not going to let it go forever. The righteous has to reap righteousness. the wicked head to reap wickedness. But he he lets it happen. You know, I I remind I was reminded and now I said I was not I'm sorry. I'm getting excited up here. I I was thinking even with the children of Israel, God gets them out and he he he keeps them over here and he tells them, "Well, you can't go possess the land right now because I have to find a reason why I would take the these people's land and give it to you." He says, "Well, I will wait for the iniquity to rise. Therefore, I'll have a reason and a motive to kick them out so you can take the land." That's right. Is that the Bible? So, and I love what he said one place he said, let me see if I can find it. He he he I think it was talking about Moses. Let me just just skip a little bit. Did he talk about Moses? Yeah, I think he talked about Moses. Yeah, I what he talked he started with Abraham and then he switched. It says, I believe it's paragraph 19. He said now before he says now before that could take place which God has said God had to have God had to have this nation ready. He had to have the people ready and then he had to have Moses ready. Amen. Think about it. It wasn't a hop and chance. The children of Israel just didn't decide, oh, we need to go out so bad now. No. What he did? He let the affliction grow. He knew they were going to cry out and he knew that with the time they were going to cry out, Moses also was going to be ready. They didn't cry out a minute before or a minute later. They cried out at a specific time. And let me say this, the world will not go on. A and as believers, this word of God that we have received is given for us for us to know that this is the time of preparation. The word that's been revealed to us is to prepare a bride so she could go into the rapture. And it's for us to take the word. I just read that parag says God is waiting upon you and me. He's waiting. What is he doing? He's given us the message. He's given us before the judgment can come in, God has given us this word of God for the believers to eat and be ready for that when judgment will fall, we will we'll be gone. But we can't say, well, you know, I still got time. I'm not going to get ready now and then I'll wait until the end. You can't do that because it could happen tomorrow morning. It could happen anytime. The time is God's time. It's not our time. We as believers, we've only been given the word to have to eat of the word to get ready so that when the word of God when t time comes, God will take it, will take us away. He says that they go down. He says God makes everything work together, right? Just like a cog coming together. Something will happen in your heart. You feel like, "Oh, I feel like doing this." Who is it? Is it God moving in you? Oh, I feel like praying. You You in in the middle of the night at 3:00 a.m. you all of the sudden you wake up for no reason. There's no sleep. What is it? It's God calling to you. All you you you go out all of the sudden somebody comes on your heart. Is God trying to talk to you? What is it? It's God. Those are the things as believers we have to know. It's the sign that God is setting a time or he's trying to contact me for something. The word is given so we can receive it. He says this, we set it off. It says, "Sometimes in the distance I wonder could I ever be? What if uh but if I always, it says, but it always happened just the way that God said he would. And when the time of the promise drew nigh, they came a pharaoh who did not know who who did not know Joseph. And then at that time of the persecution and the killing of the little children, God sent Moses, a prophet came on the scene, a miracle and miracle and signs begin to happen in the age. It says because the time of the age was finished. I believe one of them said someplace that God always send the messenger of the age at the end of the age. Amen. Now, if it's the end of the age, how far are we from the end of the age? So, it's either we understand God's way of doing things and we understand that it's time because his believing children, they are made within. God has made them so they can know it's the time they are made. I was fellowshipping with brother Benoa. How brother Benham talks about uh I believe it was the birds and the animal in India. Yeah, they are in the middle of the hot sun. All of the sudden all the animals they move away from buildings and they were gather up somewhere in the middle of nowhere, no shades. And all the humans are looking at them and says these animals are losing their mind. How can they move away from buildings and trees and things that can protect them and go stand right on? Why? Because Baranam said God built them with an instrument that they knew something was coming. Oh, aren't you glad you have an instrument tonight? And I want to say, trust that instrument. Trust that instrument. It's God energizing you and getting you ready for what's to come. You don't want to uh uh uh ignore the instrument and say, "Well, everybody else is also doing this." No, everybody's not going where you going. The place that's we going is for believers, those that have the instruments. Because now the the thing that happened is this. Even though everyone will hear the voice, but not everyone will register it for what it really is. You see what I'm saying? Everybody will hear. How many people heard the message? How many people followed the message? How many people came from the signs and wonders? How many people came and and saw and even said this was a great man of God, but they actually never follow the things that that great man of God said to them. Right. In fact, the debate was there always that he he yes, God was with him, but when he came to his doctrine, he was off the scripture. I it saw me another man that God was with that that he would be with him, but yet it was off the scripture. And he a man who would send and say, "If what I just told you is the word of God, then he will come and vindicate it. But if I tell you is not the word of God, then he won't come and vindicate it." Amen. He talks about the Hebrews children. It says paragraph 20 says there came a time where the Hebrews children make their stand whether they were uh going to bow down uh to hidden images or whether they were going to keep their faith in the in the true um and living God. The time came when the decision must be made. I mean, there's no room. And here's the thing I I I always feel about us as humans. We feel like if if I decide to delay my decision, it means I didn't make a decision. Well, you made a decision to delay. It's a decision. God wants to do something. Well, I not now. I I'm only going to do it if I do this. If I gather up this then. No. If God wants to use you, he wants to use you today. If you're going to give your heart to the Lord, it's today. It's now. It's not when you go home. Young people, you don't say, "Oh, you know, I'm too young to give my heart. I need to do." No, it's now. Yes, sir. That's how God works. The moment when you hear his voice and he convicts your heart and he talks to your heart. That's the moment to make a decision. It says and they made a dec and then it says and they made the right decision and God was with them. The time came when the prophet Daniel had to make a decision whether he would fail to uh to pray uh he would keep the tradition of the of the religion of the country or whether he will go his uh regular custom um where he had fellowship with God raised up the window. He says raised up the windows and and and sprayed toward the and pray towards the temple daily. And Daniel had to make his decision and the time finally forced him to make to to the the the time came I'm sorry Daniel had to make his decision and the time finally forced him to take a place to where he had to make it. Now he says he makes this statement 21 God makes God when he speaks anything he forces it to the place when you hear the word of God it's forcing you to make a decision am I going to receive this am I going to actually accept what's being so spoken am I am I going to receive this in my heart it's not later it's now when you hear it you hear the word of God it's You are making whether you you you you consciously or unconsciously you are making a decision at that time. And aren't you glad you've already made your decision. I love what he said. He said, you know, Satan is there. It's a showdown time. Satan is on one side and God is on and they're battling all together. He said, I'm so glad I'm on the winning side. Why? Because my decision is included in this decision that he already chose me before the foundation of the world. All I'm doing here, I'm just playing out the decision that was already made for me. When I hear his word, something in my heart causes me to choose what he wants me to do. If the musician could come He says he talks about he talks about John the Baptist and they said they asked John and they said how are you going to know him how when are you going to know it's the time he said I don't know but when the time came he said the spirit came down and he spoke to him and he said to whom you will see the spirit descend upon upon then you will know that's him. And I believe that's the same way we're going to know. How are we going to know it's rapture? When the spirit spoke speaks to you and tells you this is the time, you're going to know it's the time. Why? Because that same spirit that's been preparing you, that same spirit will speak to you. He says indeed uh uh indeed he said I baptized you with water unto repentance but there comes one after me. He says if the people would have would have been aware of the prophecy of God they would have known that John was was to prepare the way of the Lord according to the prophecy. Now aren't you glad you know who the Elijah was in the end time? Now, it's not by your own knowledge, but it was because it was revealed to you for you to know. He said, "And I said, I'm not he, but there's one coming after me whose shoes I'm not worthy to lose. He will baptize with a Holy Ghost and fire, and his f is in his hand, and he will he will uh thoroughly purge his uh his floor, and gather the wheat unto the gardener gardener, and burn the shaft with the unquenchable fire. He speaks of Jesus. It says that the time came that Jesus had to go into his ministry for miracles and signs and wonders to be done. It came for the Pharisees to reject him, the church to turn him down. The time came for the crucifixion. The time came for the res for the revelation. The time came for the resurrection. And the time of these things and then and these and all these things has time limits. Nothing will go forever. All everything that we are seeing is for a set time. And I love this. It talks about the woman with the blood issue. says now what if it says she came um it said here let me just read from the top it says the time came for the woman who had the blood issue paragraph 24 yeah h had waited all these years to be healed she had went to the doctors for many years but her issue kept coming forth the doctor gave her medicine and nothing would stop it. But the time came when she had uh said within her heart, I love this. I hear this one and I believe him to be the Messiah. And if I can only touch his garment, I'll be made I'll be I'll be made ever with whole. And then it says, "And if you believe that in your heart, God's obligated then to present that before you if you believe it. I I I love that. Now, God presented this message before you so you can believe it. You didn't you didn't stumble across it. You didn't fall on the message. No, God presented this message before you so you could believe it. You heard everything else. There was nothing that would satisfy. But God knew that, okay, that's my son. That's my daughter. My sheep hear my voice. when I present them to the when I present you had a hunger within yourself like this woman you were searching and looking for. She was looking and just hungering but God knew that when he would present it before her because of the belief that was within her heart she would believe. God presented the message. He presented his word before us. And I want to say this, if that's the case, then let's not waste any time. Then let's believe it with everything that's in us. Then let's give it our all. Let's not waste any moment. The time is too short. We don't know how long we got. Whatever time is allocated, we want to say, God, this is the time you've given us, and we're going to put everything in it to serve you with it. Why? Because the time is at hand. whatever you have need of this word of God. It didn't come so we can say well you know God will do he did yesterday but then he will do tomorrow. He said that's the issue with men. They will take God. They will recognize what he did in the past. They will recognize what he's going to do in the future but they will fail to realize what he's doing in the midst. The time is now. The time is today. Whatever it is that we have need of, it's today. Whatever it is that we need to be ready, it's now. It's today. It's in the word. It's not tomorrow. Let's all stand. Oh my. There's so much. He makes a statement at the end. Let me just read it. He says this, "The time has come now that you must make a decision what side you'll be on." It says, "And I trust that God will make the decision. I trust that you will make a decision that you will follow the lamb." But when I'm says the people of this age, people of this time, they are making their decision. They are making their choices. They said the devil on one end by deception, he's calling forth his people. But it God is by the revealing of his word, by the life that's being manifested, is also calling his people. And right now as we are gathered here tonight, we are making a decision. You made a decision to come to church. You made a decision that it's a Wednesday. I'm not going to stay home. I'm going to hear the word of God. You made that decision today. You make that decision every Sunday. Every Wednesday you make I'm here to tell you that you make your decision now. That decision is counting in God's economy. You you you're not here. Don't just think, oh, I I come and there's nothing that's happening. No, it's building up to something. You may not see it. You may not understand it, but it's building up to something. The time will come when all the efforts, everything. But when I'm said that there's never been a man that borrowed anything to God that God has never return 100fold. If we will give him our time, if we'll give him everything that we are, if we'll sacrifice and make all of that, God is obligated that one day there's going to come a time where he says, "This is the end. And this is the time for me to reward all those faithful believers, all of those that placed that did all that they could for them to come and receive my word. Now it's time for my word to fight for them. Now it's time. You know, you heard brother David talk so many times and say, you know, you probably going into difficult times and something has said, uh, you know, you don't you don't know how you're going to pay your bills. Who pays your bill? Who shows up to come and rescue you in that time? Who saves you from the accident? Who saves you from all of that? It's God. And you ask yourself, why is he doing it? He's He's there because he has a time appointed for you to come into his presence and get to know him. And nothing is going to stop that. It's him protecting his elected believers. And it's for us to come and for the time that we have, we give it to him so he could be manifested. Is that your heart desire tonight? Amen. Let's just sing now. Oh, and beyond this flesh that you can see now, beyond all weaknesses of this friend. Oh, there is a connection. Oh, invisible with the other side. Oh, and I don't know how. I don't know why. I cannot explain the love of God for my soul down inside of me. When I hear the word, my heart says, "Amen." I say, "Amen. Oh, and beyond this place that you can see now we are born with blessings of this friend. Oh, and there is a collection. Oh, [Music] Jesus Christ. Oh, I don't know how. Oh, and I don't know why. I cannot explain the love of God for my soul down inside of me when I hear the word. Oh, and my heart say amen. I say amen. Sing that sing. Oh, and beyond this place, but you can't see now. Beyond the weak places of this bread. Oh, and there is a connection. Oh, he is. Oh, Jesus Christ. Oh, I know how. Oh, and I don't know why. I cannot explain the love of God for my soul down inside of me. When I hear the word [Music] all the way I'm going all the way. Oh, I'm going [Music] all the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, I'm going away with Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Yeah. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. I'm going all the way to the Lord. But I never if we could just come and dismiss us tonight. [Music] Gracious father Lord Jesus, truly we coming to you Lord this evening Lord making this decision oh God to follow you Lord Jesus how profound oh God was your word oh God to listen this word the word of warning oh God that's saying Lord Jesus the time is near Lord it's the time oh God for us oh God to wake up the time oh God to look up ahead, oh God, because you said, oh God, at this moment, oh God, to lift up our head for to to look to our salvation, oh God, our redemption needs me, oh Lord. Lord Jesus, you said, oh God, in the scripture, God, this is the time where the unjust, he that he he that he's unjust to be unjusted. The one who is holy to be holy. Lord Jesus, we want just be reminded, oh God, from from your word, oh God, to be oh Lord Jesus, looking to the perfection to grow, oh God, in your holiness and the righteousness because, oh God, the the darkness, oh God, is in the world. But we don't want to oh God be fearful oh God by what we are hearing and seeing because you promise oh God you promise to have oh God light in this evening time where we can oh God rise up as you said Lord Jesus to to rise up and then you came oh God and then say shalom to your bride to to just rise oh God because the light is shining oh God. Lord Jesus, we are just relying oh God to your promise because that's that word is oh God our salvation. We thank you Lord Jesus for this moment. Help us oh God to look ahead and walk oh God according to your word and precept. We thank you Lord Jesus for the moment that we have oh God in your presence Lord as we getting ready to go back our home. Be with us, oh God, in the road while we're going to drive, oh God, and be safe, oh God, at home that you may protect us, oh God, for the remaining of the week, Lord Jesus, until we're going to meet at a appointed time again. Lord, let oh God, your grace and mercy, Lord, be with us, Lord. We thank you, Lord Jesus, on one more time again Lord. We lifting up all the requests. Oh God, I was raised up. Oh God, this evening Lord Jesus remember we're manding oh God also about all the brothers and and that going oh God with your brother David oh God in this time of rest Lord Jesus that you be with him and protect him oh God that you may give him oh God with what is the greatest desire of his heart and then that you may soft him oh God his heart and give him peace Lord as for us Lord Jesus we commit everything to you. Be with us, oh God, as we ask these things and pray in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Dismissed. I'm praising all they are persuad I'm gaining every day. [Music] Oh, I plant my feet on high ground. Lift me up and let me stay. Oh my [Music] god. [Music] My heart is cold. is hard to see. All words that arise and feel the way. Oh, I pray [Music] and let me stay all Happy [Music] All I [Music] have found my feet on high [Music] and we are forest. [Music] The joyful song [Music] of high [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] that I have found. [Music] I want to scare the most and you glory to heaven. Oh, lead me onto my and let me stand by [Music] that I have [Music] my feet on higher ground. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Data. [Music] [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] I am here. [Music]
