################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-27 - [2025-04-27am] Sunday Morning Service | Pastor David McGeary Sr. - David McGeary Sr - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-27
Title:   [2025-04-27am] Sunday Morning Service | Pastor David McGeary Sr.
Speaker: David McGeary Sr
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nK8m013GePw
========================================

Heat. Heat. [Music] Down. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. [Music] Thank you. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] to heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] God bless you. Want to welcome everyone in the house of God. Let's all just stand and sing that. Oh, and I was sure by now that you would have reached down our bers away. Oh, sed. Oh, but once again our s is ser. Oh, and as the time go. Oh my whisper through the waiting. Oh, I [Music] for my hands and praise the God who [Music] gives and takes away. [Music] I'll praise you in this song. I will lift my hand for you who you are. No matter where I am, every tear I cry, you hold in your hand. For you never at my side. I know my heart is praise you in this song. [Music] Oh, I remember the way you [Music] might take me out. Oh my [Music] [Music] go with you. Oh mercy, I raise my hand to praise the God and takes [Music] away. I'll praise you. [Music] I you are who you are. No matter where I am, everything I hold in [Music] your heart [Music] is I praise you in this song. Oh, hallelujah. Aren't you glad he's always present at every moment? It doesn't matter how big the storm is, our God is always present. Amen. Brother Daniel Ox, if you could just come and open our service in prayer this morning. Amen. So good to be gather in his presence. [Music] just go before the Lord. Precious and heavenly father, [Music] we count it a privilege to be here this morning, Lord. Thank you for calling each and every one of us here, Father. And because we know you've done that, Lord, we know that you have something for each and every one of us. So Lord, may we just cast aside all of our thoughts, all of our problems, all of our pains, and anything Lord that would cause an interference from us receiving that revelation. Lord, Father, we love you so much. We ask, Lord, that you'll just sweep through every pew, Lord, touching every heart, Lord. Let our hearts be open, Father. Not one door be closed, Lord. There be things in our life, Father, that you don't approve of, Lord. May you just bring us revelation of that, Lord, so we can work on getting those things out of our lives, Father, and draw closer unto thee. God, may you have your way with this, our pastor this morning, Lord, as he brings forth the message that you placed upon his heart, Lord. Father, just have your way with the song service, Lord, and all the way down through, Lord. And let not one of us leave here this morning without saying, "Did not he speak to us along the way?" Lord, Father, we love you. We give you all the praise, the glory, and the admiration. In the precious and lovely name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Want to welcome everyone in the house of God this morning. All our visitors, you could turn around and welcome someone this morning. Amen. [Music] Oh, God bless. You may have your seats. Oh, when I'm Oh, and I call on the Lord. Oh, [Music] and yes, he help me. He is faithful. Oh, heat, [Music] heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I can't [Music] [Applause] [Music] glory mighty. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Yeah. The [Music] [Applause] [Music] mighty power is Glory and victory. The [Music] gra might Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] might be awesome. Glory. [Music] [Applause] Oh, there's a country far. Heat. Heat. A [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat up here. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat up here. [Applause] Heat up here. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat up here. Hallelujah. Amen. Sister Lee, Sister Melissa, and they have a special if they could come at this time. I believe it's with Sister Tina. Amen. [Music] All you [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] don't complain [Music] [Applause] Sing to a per meas. [Music] [Music] Say my eyes that of [Applause] [Music] Oh, speech speech. [Music] docu. [Music] [Music] The V say [Music] Who are [Applause] us? E G [Music] to Amen. Man, I trust you hunger for more of him this morning. Amen. That's our heart's desire. Enjoy that, man. We have an announcement. Brother Tim Saler writes, uh, uh, the last day for the Sunday school will be on May the 18th, and they will, uh, they'll take a break for the summer and resume in August. The date will be announced. There will be an end ofear uh picnic for the children and their families on Saturday, May 17th uh from 11 till uh 100 pm at the pavilion. We'll ask the parents to sign up uh to sign up your family and the numbers of those attending so we can get a head count. Amen. The signup sheet is in the library. Amen. Uh we have a testimony from brother William. rights. I'd like to thank the Lord for healing my right leg. Uh to God be the praise. Amen. Certainly thank the Lord for that. Amen. Brother David Cabo writes, uh, I have an unspoken request I'd like the church to remember me for. So, I want to lift him up in prayer this morning. But as Steve Martin is requesting uh uh prayer for the church uh to remember him uh that we may certainly uh lift him up in prayer for whatever the need is. Amen. I know brother Matthew is out reading ministering. We want to just keep him in prayer. Brother Ben is out not feeling well and many others. We want to remember them and just hold them up in prayer this morning. Man, if you have a need upon your heart, just lift your hand up after him. Amen. Aren't you glad he's our provider this morning? Jehovah Jarra, whatever we have need of. Amen. When we come into his presence, all of those things are made available. Amen. The brothers that are taking the offerings, if you could come. Amen. Amen. Brother Dear D, if you could just come and take this needs before the church. Amen. [Music] Let's [Music] pray. Dear Lord, once again this morning we come before you, Father through the shed blood. Father, there is no other place we can be beyond your shed blood. Oh Lord, as we had request from your children this morning, Father, there is need amongst us, Father. But as we gather together, Father, with faith, Father, what else than faith, Father, we call upon you, Father, that you calm down, you bring solution, Father, you resolve, you answer our question, Father, you bring back those that tired in the way. Father, oh God, you heal the sick. You are the real doctor, Father, because you create man. You know everything about us. Hidden things, Father, cannot be hide before [Music] you. As we approach your throne of grace and mercy, [Music] Father, we bring all our burden this morning. Father, we thank you for all you have done for us. Father, we cannot say enough father for what you have done for us. But we come as children. [Music] Oh Lord, sometime we went far from you but this morning by your grace here we are father as that the children we went away from you father but one day he remember father that he has a father he decided father to come back to you to his father house because he knew in his father house there was enough food. There was enough of everything he needed. This morning we are that like that man who went far from you God. Oh father we lift our heads father may you touch us father because you know our problems you know our mistakes father we cannot hide it from you we can hide it from men's father we you know our needs this morning father may you come by and answer come by and bring us back to the original because you are our God. You are father God. We come back to you. We bring our tithes and offering father. May you bless it father as we pray in Jesus name for your glory. Amen. [Music] Jehovah. Oh my [Music] god. Oh, you are all for me. [Music] Jehovah. Oh, and you are my heer and by your stripes I am set free. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Oh, you're [Music] so Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] I just so much you [Music] are glory. [Music] Oh amazing [Music] gra. Oh when I see a rest like me. Oh, heat, heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] is my heart to [Music] [Music] my Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. His [Applause] [Music] mercy [Music] is glory. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh my [Music] god. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. Just thank you for his love this morning, Lord. We're so thankful for your love, Lord. It's unending love, Lord. We can't even comprehend it. The love of God that will come and find us where we were and call us to be sons and daughters to you, Lord. We're so thankful for your presence this morning. Just come and move in the way of the word, Lord, in our midst, Lord, that when the word comes forth that we may be taken up and move in heavenly places in you, Christ Jesus. Lord, we're so thankful. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. In moments like thee, I sing out a song. Oh, and I sing now. Hallelujah. Just sing it to him this [Music] morning. Oh, I lift up my hand. Oh [Music] my god. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] We standing singing as we got our pastor this morning. Holy, holy might. Oh, I see. [Music] Oh, I [Music] sing to Jesus. Holy Glory. [Music] Oh my [Music] [Music] [Music] god. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Let's sing it again. In moments like these, let us know we [Music] [Applause] [Music] love [Music] sing. Oh, I sing out to Jesus. [Music] by [Music] [Music] I sing [Music] You [Music] see you see [Music] [Music] You go for our gracious heavenly father. Lord, there's a song that says when we have not the words to describe our feeling that we ask you to listen to our heart. And Lord, we love you because you first loved us and you shown kindness and goodness and mercy to us. Father, you sent your spirit to bear witness with our spirit. Father, that we know that you're present with us, that you have not forgotten us nor forsaken us, but you would be with us and even in us till the end. Father, we so rest in that this morning, believing with all our hearts that you keep your word. Heaven and earth will pass away, but your word will not pass away. Just Father, this morning we ask that our service would help us as we walk this journey. it would bring us in remembrance of the things that you would have us to do. We ask for your grace now in Jesus precious and holy name we pray. Amen. Amen. God bless you. May be seated. It's nice to be in the house of the Lord this morning. You love the Lord. Amen. Amen. That always should get a a good amen, shouldn't it? Amen. Certainly nice to have our campers back and and all that went over to uh the Easter meeting. It's been quite a week. Um, you know, I the world seems to be all uh um uh stirred up, I guess, because the pope has died, you know, and um you know, all the dignitaries of the world would go to uh see them and and show up to uh you know, give their respects and make their political uh stance, you know, and and uh but yet when Jesus was here, he was raising the dead and feeding thousands and and yet no dignitaries would come at all. Amen. But we certainly want to be ready when he comes back. Amen. That's why we're here this morning, right? we we know that he's coming for us and that we we want to be here. So, we certainly believe that. And we'd like to make a a a few announcements uh uh this morning uh you know, I think one of the best ways to announce something. I think that isn't there a saying that a a picture is worth a a thousand words? Okay. So, I'm gonna make an announcement by way of picture if I could do that. So, it'd make it easy. So, here's my announcement. Like I've always told you, there's literally nothing about you I'd ever change. Will you marry me? Yes. Thank you, baby. Yes. Look at that. [Applause] [Applause] So now, was that an announcement or what? Amen. Clever and Rebecca, where are you? Are you here? All right. Would you stand up, please? Amen. That's our newly engaged couple. I think they're planning for a maybe a December uh wedding or something. Maybe they want it to be on the 25th or something. No, I I don't I I don't think so. Amen. Amen. We want to um uh just minister a thought on our heart this morning more in a way of an understanding of of a teaching of a remembrance. uh you know it's it's important that um we remember certain things and um uh we started the year and we have had a um a a burden on our heart about the path forward. Okay, we've it's we've been in this message a long time and we want to know what what direction is God wanting the church to go in. And every time there's a time comes on the scene where men and and are wondering what what's the path that God has for us? What what's the journey? Where are we supposed to be? Uh what is supposed to be happening? Uh you know why are we here? And and when when those questions start to arise, people begin to uh come try to come up with answers and many uh leaders will arise to the scene and they will begin to speak out about uh we I think we should go in this direction or I think the church is moving in this direction. That happened in the time of Israel when they were under Roman bondage and they begin to desire uh that something would change and many people came up and they even referred to it. this person rose up and this person rose up and led these people led this way and then then the great uh uh I believe it was Gelia said well if this be of God you know who can stand against it yes many many have come before but if this be of God then it will stand and so uh I I'm I'd like to uh just go down a a little path path with you just for a moment and express some things and my feelings uh about uh part of our path forward, if I could say it that way. So, if we have our Bibles, let's stand and we'll read a couple of scriptures and we'll refer to a few scriptures here and there and we'll try not to be uh uh too long this morning. Uh but one of them's found in just the simple verse in he in Matthew 10 and um uh Matthew 10 and7 and just so this is Matthew 10 and7 and this is a great uh portion of scripture. I got to get some of the strong deacons to take the caps off these for me. And it says here it says, "And as ye go, preach, saying, the kingdom of heaven is at hand." How many believe that? Amen. So, uh, they were speaking of a of an exodus that was trans in that day. And now we're in a day that we're speaking of an exodus. Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils. Freely you have received, freely give. Freely you have received, freely give. And then if you turn over with me to uh uh uh second Peter the 8th uh first chapter of second Peter and the eth verse. And we know that this is uh Peter uh speaking of the statue of a perfect man. But we'd like just to pick up in the eighth and ninth verse. He says, "For if these things be in you," then so rem re remember what those things are. uh you know uh their their you know temperance, patience, knowledge, faith, virtue, uh uh godliness and brotherly kindness. And he says, "If these things be in you and abound, they make you that ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ. If they abound, then uh but he that lackth these things is blind and cannot see a far off and hath forgotten that he was purged from his old sins. Father, we ask you to bless your word to us this morning. In Jesus precious name we pray. Amen. You may be seated. I'd like to um read some statements to you this morning. And this is from a message called Convinced and Concerned. He says, "And we find today that there is is such a falling away and it seems to be that people are not interested like they used to be." Now Peter is even speaking here. He said, 'If these virtues aren't in in you, then you've forgot where you've come from. And I I think that's a a a really important thing about going forward is that you never forget where you come from because you never want to go back to where you've been. That's the whole uh if I could say that about the whole idea about moving forward is that you you're you're leaving those things which are behind behind and you're pressing for the higher calling. And that's what the scripture always admonishes us to do. Leave those things which are behind behind and press for a higher calling. Now, we always take that in our favorable stance that we always want to leave the bad things that we've done behind. We're real quick to say, "I'll just leave that behind. I'll just forget about that and uh I'm just going to go forward. So, I'll just take my eraser and wipe it off of the board and and then I will go on." But if you if you're continually going back to the same place, then you would want to take heed uh to yourself and say what is maybe that's not exactly what I'm leaving behind. You know, there might be a different cause. There might be a different reason. There there might be uh something else that's going on in my life. and and maybe not so much that it's a bad thing, but maybe it's something that is not in my life that is causing the deficiency that I continually find myself going back over the same place and arriving at the same place and finding myself in the same condition. And so it might be that there's other things that we've got to uh uh take out of our lives and maybe replace them with something else. uh you know so uh and so sometimes leaving something behind it doesn't mean that if it's maybe a terrible thing that you're leaving behind or a evil thing that you're leaving behind but maybe you've matured past that place and it it's time for you to uh as the scripture says to put off childless things and as a child I thought as a child as I act as a child. But now now I'm maturing and I need to act more mature. I need to uh handle uh uh uh things in maybe a more mature manner or I ought to take on the responsibility that goes with the the place that I am a as a Christian. Or a lot of times it you might be to understand that uh we have to maybe have more diligence and and more respect towards our uh Christian walk and our Christian life and and and so when when you come to that place that you realize I need to I need to make a change. Yes, sir. Well, anytime you make a change, you're going to leave some things behind and you're going to move into other things. And this is what we believe. We believe that this is a gospel of transformation that we didn't come to the knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ and then believe that that wasn't going to have any effect on us and and when and so when you're on a journey and you're you're transforming you're coming into new opportunities you're coming into new revelations you're coming into new enlightenment. ments you're coming into new understandings and and all those things that God is doing with you is so that you will not be barren or unfruitful. We understand what the Lord gave such the parable of the fig tree uh when when there was no fruits there. There was no evidence that that tree was performing that which it was created to perform. and and and we take that to heart because we believe that that God planted a seed in us and the seed that he planted us had a purpose and the purpose of that seed was to bear fruit. And so Peter's telling them, you need these virtues. You need to add these things to your life. You need to have these things abound or in other words in practice. If if you don't have these virtues and you don't have these fruits uh of the spirit in practice, then you will be uh barren. You won't be fruitful. So, they've got to abound. They've got to be alive. And you can't forget that. You can't forget that these are things that that we have to keep alive in our life that we've got to make sure that they're there. We've got to make sure that they're operating. We've got to make sure that that we're in possession of them. It is like a man that's goes on a job. You know, he's got his tools. You've got to make sure that you you have your your your tools with you to do the job. And there's nothing worse when you get on the job and you say, "Oh, I left my saw at the other job. I left my hammer. Oh, I left my laptop at home. I I I left my notes. I I've done all these things. And you realize that you don't have the tools with you to perform the work that has been presented before you. It's like running out of gas. You know, you don't start on a trip and and and not fill your tank. You know what I mean? You should you should check your tires. You should fill your tank. You should you should make sure you know where you're going. You know that you you've got your navigator. Of course, when I went on trips, I used to say, "Do we have the map?" You know what I mean? And I sat on the side of the road with the map out and you know looking at little numbers and you know nowadays they tell you but you no matter what the tools are you've got to have those tools with you in order to perform the work that's there for you to perform. And and so that's what that our heart is moved to. Now we could spend a lot of time and we have in Christianity spent a lot of time going over the tools. Do you have this tool? Do you have this in your life? Get get these things out of your life. Get these things out of your life. get your life cleaned up. Get this. Have the spirit of God. Do all these things. But I I wonder if we've ever came down to the time that we're going to face the challenge of the work that is set before us to do. and and we we've kind of come to the place I think that and it's a dangerous place but that we think that just believing will get us there. I believe this. I believe that. I believe this. and and and that was a issue that was uh our prophet addressed in the message called works is faith expressed. He he wanted us to uh understand that that uh your faith is expressed in the works that you do. I believe James spoke it like this. Show me your faith without your works. And I'll show you my faith by my works. Though we're not saved by those works. We're saved by the blood of the lamb. We're saved by uh the the calling that was in our heart, the the revelation that our of our election. And and that's what has brought us to the place that we begin to apply the token to our lives and we begin to understand that we needed to uh uh uh get right and we needed to separate from the world and we need to come out from the world and we need to be separate and and there's very there's many Christians at many different walks and stages of life. There's people that are still coming out of things. You You know what I'm saying? Coming out of ideas, coming out of teachings, coming out of fears. But but the the the most important thing is is is that there's a transformation going on in us. And you it's not just one time, you know, but it's a continually moving to the become the image of the Lord Jesus Christ and that that love of God would have its perfect work in us and that through that love we could say these words as he is so are we in this world. And so we're we're we're realizing that that God didn't do all that he's doing without a plan and a purpose in mind and the part that you as an individual play in that plan. Now one member of the body can't say I'm not a member of that body because the body is fitted and joined together. Every member supplying the need to the other. We're intricately fit together like I referred to that great puzzle and we want to be a part of the right puzzle. We want to be a part of the move of the spirit of God. How's the spirit of God moving? Where's the spirit of God going? What is it that God would have for my life? Look at the challenge many of you young people, you go to school, you you come to uh uh you come to get a job and and and we're we're so careerorientated, you know, what's my career going to be? How am I going to support myself? we go to school. And I'm not saying that's wrong to be doctors, to be nurses, to be computer technicians, to to to do all these things because we're concerned about our success. We're concerned about what am I going to be? You start asking that question uh real early. What do you want to be when you grow up? You know, and if you if every kid said his dream, our whole world would be full of firemen. You know, you couldn't light a match without there being someone there to put it out. Every little boy wants to be a fireman. I want to be a fireman. maybe a policeman, you know, but yet our just for some reason our path has moved into uh different uh fields and and different work as we needed to work to supply. But as much as that's a reality that we want to grow and mature and and to be successful and and and to have a career or have a job or or have a a life that provides a home and shelter and food for us, whatever path that you you've taken. But yet there's a path for the believer. As much as you would have there to be uh your natural work, God has a spiritual work for the church. And that spiritual work has been replaced with the thinking that it's just by believing that we get in. And I want to walk that line with you for a moment and bring to you some things that stood out to me because I don't want us to forget who that we are and what it is that we're confessing. And and that's the worst thing that can happen. You you won't go forward if you forget where you've been. You have no reference point. You know, just like I remember I was on a trip with the brother and and Leslie and I and and uh we were going from this certain place and and we we went down. We made a turn on this highway and we drove for about an hour, hour and a half and then we got on another road and we're coming down and finally we came by and passed a sign that said 11 miles to such and such and that was 11 miles from where we left an hour and a half ago. Now you say what? But if we wouldn't have known that's where we came from, we wouldn't have known how lost we were. And every believer has got to put landmarks down in your life of the time that you've been transformed or the time that God has done something for you. And we don't forget those things. We had testimony uh from the meeting and last week and people began to testify of things that God had done in their lives. And if you don't testify of those things, you will forget them. And that was one of God's greatest complaints about Israel is that they forgot where they come from. They forgot what that he's done for them. Um, I I like what David says. Uh, uh, let me see if I'll just see if I can find it real quick for you. It's in uh Psalms uh 119. So, that was the psalm I always thought. I hope Mike doesn't decide to read Psalm 119 this morning, but Psalm 119 and I believe it's verse uh uh 92 uh I'll just read it from 89. They could put it up there. Psalm uh 119. Verse 89. Forever, O Lord, thy word is settled in heaven. Thy faithfulness is unto all generations. Thou hath established the earth and it abideth. David is saying, "Look right here. We could and and Paul comes back and he says,"The invisible things of God are clearly seen by the visible things around us. We should look up in the sky at night and know there's a God." And so he goes on to say, he says, "They continue this day according to thy ordinances, for all are thy servants." What a beautiful thing. Now listen to this. what he says. Unless thy law had been my delight, I should then have perished in my afflictions. Unless your law was my delight, I would have perished. He's not forgetting. He says, "I will never forget thy precepts, for with them thou hast quickened me." I am thine. Save me, for I have sought thy precepts." What a what a beautiful understanding of the importance to remember where that you've come from. to remember that that you you have a calling, that you have an election, that you've been chosen, that it it's it it's a privilege to have been chosen. It's a privilege to have heard the word of God. And when when we forget those things, Peter said we become barren and we become unfruitful and we and that's what he said that the time would come that those would be chopped down and and throwed into the fire. So our prophet is beginning to approach this. Now we we we have quite a testimony this morning and that's why we testify. We testify to keep things alive in our life. If when when you give a testimony, you watch what it does for you, just testify that something that God done for you five years ago, 10 years ago, it's like re being rejuvenated. You know, you get you get excited again. You know that he's real. You know he's alive. You know what he did with you. He's back on your mind and you're conscious of them. You know, you you never want to forget people that maybe some tragedy thing has happened. Uh some maybe a uh somebody was kidnapped or something and people will put up posters, they'll put up websites because they never want that person to be forgotten. And and that's what Israel purposed in their heart. They purposed that they were never going to let the world forget the Holocaust. They have museums. They have pictures. They have monuments. They they keep it alive in the minds of the people. Don't forget that there was two million of us killed. And Israel doesn't forget. They're not going to forget what what's come. Just like they're purposed in their heart, they're not going to forget. I believe it was October 7th when there was a massacre. They're not going to forget that. And they'll pour revengeance out. They'll bring it up. They're continue. They're not going to let it go by the wayside. It's not going to be forgotten. And how much more should we not forget? what God has done for us because once you forget, you go a drift. You just start drifting. You you you you don't have no bearings. You don't have no markers. You don't have no remembrance. You you you know, you can't you don't remember what the Lord's done for you. Remember this day. Amen. The scripture says, "Remember that was what the Passover was about. Remember, never forget the day that God delivered you from Egypt and this bondage that came from you." We ought never to forget the day that God set us free. But when we forget those things and we forget all the markers all down life, we forget that we are we forget our own testimony. I'm the bride of Jesus Christ. We forget the reverence to the house of the Lord. I I don't say much on these things and you know that but I see people staggering to church 30 minutes late all casual you know just talking all down the outside of the church till they get in they stroll and they flop down I just think Lord you know I don't know what they're here for I want to let the deacon say we got another wife looker you know they're only here to look at the see if they can find a sister or something. Big warning to you sisters. You know, if some guy just shows up, he don't have a long long history of serving God, you just put a big old circle with a line in it. You know, I ought to have a a deacon back there with a buzzard and, you know, and one of these buzzards comes in all late walking in the church, you know, so cool and just [Music] bang, I got one question. Are they late to work? No. Because they want that carnal reward. Well, they they're they want that dollar bill, you know, that I make. They they they want to be successful. Well, we come to church to be successful. Peter said, "Stir up their minds by way of remembrance. Don't don't let don't let us forget the responsibility that we have for the gospel. What it is that we're reflecting, what it is our lives are reflecting. We we claim to be the bride of Jesus Christ. That I mean this let's just think of what it is that proceeds out of our mouth and the claim that we make. be elected the the the people that house the eternal thoughts of God and the seed of God. And then we forget that our lives ought to identify with our confession which we used to call our testimony. Believers used to protect their testimony. They wouldn't lie for anything because honesty was the first sign of a Christian. And and believers used to protect their testimony. They they wouldn't drink. I I I remember we wouldn't, you know, we used to make sure they took the anything the wine glasses off our table. We wouldn't want anybody to think it was wine, you know. Then they wanted to serve CocaCola. And I mean, we used to be so concerned that we made sure they bring us a regularl looking glass cuz we didn't want anybody to think we were over there drinking wine. And what were those days? We we never we were always careful the sisters were that when they sat down that their dresses were long enough to cover their knees when they were sitting. They never wanted anything tight that would show any strap or anything through their garment. There was a consciousness of holiness that was around this message when we first got into it because we re remembered what we stood for. Even the early Pentecostal church, they wouldn't listen to no boogie woogie. They wouldn't go to no dances. They wouldn't do nothing because their testimony was everything to them. Now our testimony is intellect. This is what I believe. And nobody cares about nobody's life. You lay all your doctrines and there's not you can take the doctrines of William Brandham and the scriptures and it'll defeat any other doctrine because it's truth. But that isn't attributed to you. The truth stands on its own. It's a consciousness of your testimony. The scripture says, "No man lightth a candle and put it under a bushel basket." You don't want to create your own bushel basket. You don't want to be to the place where you're ashamed. Paul says, "I'm not ashamed." you you can't you where all of a sudden you can't stand up and make a statement and make a stand because everybody around you will remember the things that you said in the past. When you read those scriptures, James, he talked about bridling the tongue. You know, I mean, these guys talked about all these ways that a Christian lived and how important it was to their lives that they didn't forget. And you know, pretty soon we just we don't think we just think we we're there and it's all settled. It's nice to have that comfort, but it's not nice to live that way. You want to continually be contending for a higher calling, a greater Christianity. Now, I'd like to go over this with you, and that's the basis because I've had a a burden on my heart, and I I finally I just felt the spirit led me to this place to where I began to find some of the answers. And you know what I believe? I believe the answers have been stored up for us in the word of God. I don't believe there's another voice, another message, but I believe that if the spirit can move on us, it's not moving on the ministry. This is the bride age. This is where every individual has access to the bridegroom. You can listen and hear the word of God for yourself. Now let's go back and let's read through this uh with me. He says, "We find today that there's such a falling away. It seems to be that people are just not interested like they used to be. They are falling away from the fundamental facts of the Bible. How many knows the fundamental facts of the Bible? What a what a question. You know, a lot of you you can't build your experience on secondhand revelation. You can't go forward just coming and listening to people preach to you over the pulpit. You've got to work your own salvation out with fear and trembling. You've got to make yourself go forward in your heart with God. No matter what the trials, no matter you've got to settle this thing that God, if God be for you, who can be against you? He said the fundamental facts of the Bible, they are seem to be drifting. Now, when you're drifting, you're tossed to and fro by every wind of doctrine, every circumstance that comes up, every situation that rises up, every little storm that blows in, every little thing. It just it moves you to one side, it moves you back to the other. and and you you you don't it just seems like you you lose the deadon precision to move forward and we don't want to lose that. We want to know a way forward. We don't want to be continually drifting in the same doctrines, the same messages, the same sermons. Just let's hear it again. Let's hear it again. Let's hear it again. What What What does God want for me? And is he speaking to me? All of you should have a place. I should also have a place, have an atmosphere, have a time that we set aside for God to speak to us. hear ye him. And and and you you don't just congregate and say, "I'm just going to hear the message. I'm just going to hear what I believe, and the brother's going to go back over what I believe and what I believe and and as long as he's saying what I believe, I think I'm okay." That's not the point. The point is, what would you have me to do? And you seek that path individually and God the great conductor will orchestrate it and put it all together into one beautiful music that they're drifting. And I think all of the ministers who love the word of God and know that that is the only standard in which we can be sure that we're right is upon not some theory but upon the word of God. He says, and he goes on, he says, "Today we find though that people get away. They get away from the word." Now listen, as I I I I want to maybe help see help share with you maybe my heart in a way. But he says that they get away from the word. They get away from the interest. Others are not interested in the word. They get away from the interest. They get away from what's he saying? What's teaching? What's what's in here? Speak to me. They lose their enthusiasm. Now, remember the point that we're making these for is when that starts to happen to you, you go into a drift. And and when you're drifting and you don't know where you are and you don't know what's going on in your life, you become more susceptible to attack. And that's what the prophet of God said happened to the United States in World War II at Pearl Harbor. They got so lazy, they got so worldly, they got so minded that they didn't think anybody would attack. There was no need to keep the weapons up. There's no need to keep the guns up. No need to keep the military up. No need to do this. No need to do that. And then everything just got laxed. And then all of a sudden bombs started falling out of the sky and they found out they had their whole Pacific fleet in one harbor and they're all partying. And it it just because they didn't do due diligence. It we call it periodical maintenance. You know, you change the oil on the car, you change your tires on the car, you you do certain things for your car and you'll get a 100,000 miles out of it. Never ch change the oil. Never change the add antifreeze. Never get your tires. You know what? you'll have in three or four years is a wreck and then it won't get you down the road and then you're wondering everything that you should do. I'll just throw this in there because I'm in the mood to just like paying tithes. It ru you just ruin your finances when you don't. Amen. I remember Leslie and I we be I told you this story many times. I'm 80 I don't know $80 a week or something. You know, I thought that's pretty good. You guys spend that at McDonald's now. You know what I mean? And and our rent went up $20 and everything. And then we got down. We you know, we needed tires and we get can't buy t can't buy a tire. We'd buy a tire and then we buy another tire, you And when you do that, then they you're just wearing them out all the time. So then we went to buying two tires. Put the two best tires this place and back and forth. But remember, we had to buy tires. And so we just said, "Well, we're going to pay our ties." So we paid our ties. I pay $8 or whatever it was. But you know, we got oh, I don't know, a hundred,000 miles out of a pair of tires. That's the kind of God we serve. You know, when you put God first, everything else is added unto you. That's a fundamental fact of the Bible. Seek ye first the kingdom of God. He says they get away from the interest. There seems not to be very much interest in it. We find that amongst even our own people, the full gospel people, that we've come to a spot that we are over fed. Now, I'm going to I'm going to say something here in a moment, and I I hope that I don't get eaten alive for it. He says, "Now a person gets overfed, gets drowsy, lazy." Our doctor friends there could surely tell you that if you've overeaten and I think we Pentecostal people have overeaten. We've seen so many great things till it's becomes common to us. You see now that is quite a statement that we've over eaten and you know there there there's questions that arise and I'm not I'm not criticizing anybody and I'm certainly not criticizing the feeling but that's a remarkable statement. And I'd like to go go down further with it as we read on and I hope that you can follow and then go read it for yourselves. But sometimes the question arises, you know, that that because of this lack of interest, people would say that that the supernatural is under attack and that that there doesn't seem to be any supernatural movement. But yet we that's all that we want to see. You know what I mean? It's not a meeting if there's not some supernatural something go on or or some shout of the spirit or of some uh movement of of some sort. and and we've just got to we've got just to have to have more and more and more until that we we actually the prophet of God said I think the problem is we've got overfed. Now, that's a remarkable statement and it it it sobered me because that's all that it seemed that I was interested in doing was working it up, trying to get more supernatural, trying to create more faith. Believe for this, believe for that, believe for this. If you had faith, you could do this. God can do anything. God can deliver you. God can do that. And it it's always this. Let's feed this to you. Let's feed this to you until everybody's heard so much of it that it doesn't do anything. Everybody's a drift. Their expectation has already been set in their mind when they arrive on the scene. There's no openness. There's no wonderment. There's no interest. It It's put the church in a very sad condition. just overfed. We've got so much revelation, we don't know what to do with it. Will you follow with me? You know, I I mean, I'm not preaching to anybody but us here this morning. I don't know who watches. I don't know who uh listens in, but he tells this story and and and I want you to think about this in context. It's like it was and you've all heard the story, but I'll read it anyway. It's like was told one time in England that there was a poet who wrote the poem of how beautiful the sea was and the sea gulls and how it reflected its beauty in the sky and itself. And so he was going to never seen the sea. But one day he was on the road down to the seashore. And on his road down, he meant an old what we would call an old salt or old sailor. And he said, "Where goest thou, my good man?" And he said, "I am a poet. I have wrote of the sea." And said, "I have never seen it as yet. I've only written on what I have read about. What a condition that can happen to us right here, sitting right here that we can actually get fed so much that there's no interest in experiencing it for yourself. The singing's enough, the worship's enough, the words enough, and we get sleepy. Spiritually overfed, spiritually sleepy. Do you you understand what I'm saying? No, I'm not saying this in judgment. I'm not saying it as an accusation. I'm saying it as our prophets teaching us and warning us that when the condition arises that we can recognize it and we can find out what is the cure. What's the answer? What's our path forward? Because what's happened? We've wanted the supernatural so bad that we're starting to create it. We're starting to want to make things happen. We want to uh make things find their place. We want to have prophecies. We want to have worships. We we want to have music. We want to have specials. And I I'm telling you, every time I I don't know all those three girls were that same, but I'm sitting back going, "My goodness, we got so much talent in this church that why preach. Let's just have song service all the time." You know what I'm saying? And then and it's it's satisfying. You understand? I could I could I can come here and listen to some of these specials and the worship and absolutely my soul gets satisfied. I would have never ever described that, brother Matt, as getting overfed, making me sleepy, and causing me to drift. That's sobering. I'm going down now to have my first experience. I want to smell the brime waters. I want to hear the call of the seagull as it circles in the air and see it frolicking waves as it throws its white caps and the blue skies reflect itself unto the water. Nobody can. That's a prophet speaking. That is poetry beyond poetry right there. That's gorgeous. And I believe that tonight that's a whole lot the matter with our churches in our full gospel ranks here in America. We have seen so much of the goodness of God till it has become common to us. We just don't respect it like we should. We think we do, but really I believe that we should give more earnest heed to that which we have heard, lest at any time we should let it slip. Now, I believed that's the truth. So, we've heard things, but we we fail to give those things the earnest heed. And you understand what uh when you heed something, in other words, you learn to hear the warning that's in them. How can two walk together unless they agree? A believer is not unequally yolked. A good soldier entangleth them not in the affairs of the world. All all these things, the fundamental facts of the Bible, they go unheeded. In other words, the warning has become part of our teaching, part of our doctrine. It becomes part of our language, part of our personality, part of our speech. And we just rattle him off as things that we believe. We believe this. We believe a soldier shouldn't be entangled in the things of the world. We believe we shouldn't be equally ill. But th those things now move out of practice because they're not heated. When you come in contact with somebody, you don't think I'm not equally yolked to this person. I'm not going to do this with this person or I'm not going to get involved in that. Whether it's a spat at work, whether it's a movement, whether it's a whatever it might be, if you there's a heed in you, something that you're conscious of, something that you're living by, you say, "I'm not I don't do this." And that starts to slip away. And and then you then we drift and and and then pretty soon we don't have bearings. And and the worst thing that happens is pretty soon we believe everything and stand for nothing. We don't want to have music standards because some like this music and some like that music and and some is this way. I remember there was a time that everybody wanted to sing this song and uh so I I went and looked it up and when I saw the group I said I'm not we're not going to sing that song. And I had them some people get pretty frosty upset, you know, and I won't come out biting unless you back me in a corner real bad. And I I don't ever pull down on my divine authority. But if I think it's necessary for the flock, I'll kill the wolf. I thought it's the identity. But we used to be real careful. Now we don't even run the process of identification. Okay. Do we want to be representing this song from this group and incorporating it in to our worship? In other words, they they wouldn't eat meat sacrificed unto idols. There was the principle of identification. There was the taking heed to that. Now, we're saying these things because these are the things that are keeping us from going forward. Another we're missing what it is, what the path is laid for us forward. We we've been thinking the path is supernatural, supernatural, supernatural, supernatural. Now, the prophet of God said, "You're overfed and you become lazy and you've drifted and you've got away from principles and everything's creeping in. Things are out of order. People don't come to church on time. They don't give their offerings. They don't do those other things that are required to do. They don't pray for service." Why? We're believers. We got so much fat on us. We could live for a long time. I could probably live 30 days and got still not be skin and bones, not eat for 30 days. Is this what we want to be? Is this what I want to be? No. I want to have a greater reality of a living God in our life. And I'm beginning to see what it is that he's trying to point out to us. It It's a little late, I know, but I'm going to finish. Now I I like how that he brings this. He says he's going to give a for instance and when maybe for instance one single act of God here probably you would walk out and say well that was all right. Hey, he's saying for instance, in other words, to make his point, if we done one miracle tonight, we would say, "Oh, that was all right. That's pretty good." You know, I haven't had bread in about six weeks. You know how much I crave a piece of bread? I drive by doughnut shops and slow down and look at them. You know what I mean? So, we we'd probably say if something was done, that's all right. That's good. What we expect that? Bear with me. Well, that's all right. But that one act maybe in some jungle back there in South Africa or Tanzania, wherever it might be, Kenya would cause maybe thousands to fall on their face and give glory to God. And that's just one thing taking place. So you can see where the great power of the pull of the spirit is to go where the word is made manifest. Now, I want to hold that thing there for you cuz I I I want to to see what that he's saying to us. And and don't you believe that within this message, the world can listen to this message and hear one thing, but the bride can read uh there and hear what that he's saying to her. Now, look at what he's saying. He's talking about acts that happen in our midst all the time. In fact, we've got so hungry that we can't get enough. The more you eat, the more you want to eat. And we want to eat the supernatural. Eat the supernatural. We've got to bring the supernatural in the church. There's such a hunger for the supernatural that we start producing carnal impersonations. And maybe they're not even carnal. Maybe it is the the supernatural. But let me tell you something. If somebody stood up this morning and prophesied and gave a word of prophecy, we would walk all out of here saying, "Oh, that was all right. That was spirit. That was good. I like it. How much effect can we have on one another? Follow what he's saying here. But if that one act would have taken place someplace else in a different circumstance. Now we have sent missionaries into the foreign fields for years. I found the same thing when we come to South Africa where I missionaried here with our brother and we we did fine. Most was reading, writing and arithmetic. Now I have great respect for Africa and for my Africans also brethren but when it takes to make a man who don't even know which is the right hand the left hand and you go and tell him anything or lead him to Christ about a track that you might pass to him and he can't read see what he wants. He needs what he wants. He He reads of a god or he knows about another god, all kinds of gods, but he wants is something in action, something he can see. Now, I I just I I just couldn't believe what I was what I was hearing. We're overfed. I I didn't think we could ever get like that where we have so much supernatural, you know, that now you just keep whooping up bigger recipes. You know what I mean? It's not just potatoes anymore. It's potatoes with whole cream. and butter mixed in them. And if that ain't good enough, you add a little sour cream. Man, them things just getting richer and richer and getter and smither. You know what I mean? Because regular old mashed potatoes don't do. But if you're starved and you bring somebody mashed potatoes, they just s thankful. So it it it's not that the supernatural is under attack. It's just that the supernatural is misplaced. We all want the blessings, but we don't want to do the work. How do you get unlazy if you overeat? How do you handle being overfed? You do the work. You do the exercise. Now, the prophet gives an example talking to a church. We've seen so much supernatural. We've seen God do things. We've seen them give messages in tongues and prophecies. We've seen laying on of hands of the sick. We've seen miracle after miracle come across our our platform. And yet we're a drift. We're overfed. We've got so much supernatural that we become doy. But now he points out, if you would take that supernatural and you would take it out into the field, out where there's lost souls, off out where people are starving and hungry, and you would demonstrate to them the same God you testify in here, it would have effect But we've got it misplaced. We we we we've taken it and just brought it into our four walls and worked on it and got it turned it into a bigger bigger bigger meal. And that's not even the commission. The commission was to go into all the world and preach the gospel. Demonstrate to the world through your testimony and through the things in your life that your God is alive. That's where the supernatural should be. It just keeps throwing the church into greater division, into greater confusion, into document uh doctrine or arguments about gifts and operation of gifts and whether they're placed in the back room and whether they're done that and and that's not the point. It ain't an idea about coming up with a new recipe for us to get spiritually fat. It's about we believe. It's about taking it where it belongs. He said if this one act was done in Africa, thousands would come. And yet we sit back there and say it's okay because it's misplaced. We need to start bringing the supernatural testimony of our God into the lives and the people we come contact with. In closing, listen to what he says. He says that's the reason the apostles were endued with power because they were in a day of pagan and different gods was being worshiped and they wanted to see the manifestation of the true living God that could make himself known. That's why he endued them for power on high. Not to make us spiritually fat, but in the pagan world, we could go shout. Tell me this is the most pagan time, the most evil time, the most deceitful time ever. And God never gave you the spirit, never called you out, never called you to be elected so we could sit down and fill one another with the spirit until we have to create all kinds of movements. just to keep us happy. We got to run from camp to camp to camp or find some good preacher in. I'll tell you, you want to have the greatest experience in your life. You sit there and you tell some worldly person about the God that saved you, a God that healed you, the God that delivered you. You'll see more effect than you'll ever have in a church meeting. You'll see the real supernatural. It won't be, "Oh, that's just one more thing." Really, your God can heal. Would you come pray for my mother-in-law? see them sit there weeping, tears running down their face because you're talking to their heart and nobody's ever touched them on the inside. Nobody's ever found what their problem was or or where they've been. It's been freely given. Freely give. When do when when we're recalled just to get revelation upon revelation upon revelation until we're so full we don't even know what to do with it. Now we got to have whipped cream and cherries. The supernatural is not under attack. The problem is we've misplaced the supernatural. It wasn't given for us to continually have our faith built up. The disciples didn't go to that upper room to be endured with power on high so they would believe the message that Jesus sent. They were sent and got the power so they could go into all the world and preach the gospel so they could be convinced and concerned. You fight a devil. Maybe you fight lust. Maybe you fight anger. Maybe you fight discouragement. You know what? Just start testifying about the God you serve. Hallelujah. Start telling the world about a God that can deliver. Start telling your milkman. Start telling your neighbor. Start testifying to the glory of God. You know what you'll find? You'll find you're getting victory. You'll find that you're starting to overcome. You You're starting to find that you've got something to live for. But if you're going to keep sitting there hearing over and over and over again, you need more faith, you need more power, you need more this, you need more that, you're just going to become fat and doy. That's right. And I stand on the word because the prophet said so. Supernatural is not under attack. Unbelief don't stop God. We're just not doing the work. We're not an ice cube church. We're not a church that doesn't believe. Our problem is is we're not doing what we're called to do. We're not about the father's business. We're not carrying out the commission. We're not telling people about being baptized in Christian baptism. We're not telling people about the baptism of the Holy Spirit. I I don't need to tell you about the baptism of the Holy Spirit. I don't need to tell you about being baptized in Jesus' name. I I I you guys know that. doing with it? Have we planted it and buried it because we know we have a wrathful God that takes judgment? This is what he he he says. He says, "That's why he filled them." And I thought, "Lord, what's our path forward? What is it that you would have us to do? We want to be spiritual. We want the spirit moving. We want the things of God." And some say, "Lo's here. Lo's there. Come over here. The spirit's moving here. Come over here. The spirit's moving. We've got God moving." You know, and you know what happens when you take misplaced spirituality, the world can walk right next to it. Pretty soon, you've got so much spirit, you can watch anything on TV. You've got so much spirit that you can go anywhere. You've got so much spirit because we're fat. And when I read the prophet of God saying we're overfed, I thought he didn't say that. We're always saying what? Eat more. Eat more revelation. Eat more tape. Eat more this. Eat more truth. Eat more spirit. Eat, eat, eat. And you know what? The word of God comes back and say work. Go into all the world. Do the work. Do the work. And now you'll have appetite. Do the work. Watch the supernatural where the supernatural is having effect. We see supernatural here. That was great. Great meeting. You tell some sinner that's at their wits end and their roads end about a God that can change their life. You watch how you feel and you watch how they feel. And if you've got faith, you'll see it through until it brings fruit. I think we're spiritually fine. I just think we need to get back to what the church was called to do. I've been honest with you. I've been straightforward with you. The spirit of God was not designed to be kept in these four walls. It was designed to reign in your heart as an individual and for you to share what God has done for you. If he hasn't done anything for you, then ask him to. and he will not turn you away. Amen. It's 12:15 and I know it's a little late, but I hope that you can understand what I'm saying. Let's be lean, rugged Christians because we're doing the work of Christianity. And I believe that God will bless it. Tell somebody about the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Kneel down with them. You don't have to bring them to church to have the ministry do the work. You do the work. You don't be ashamed of the gospel. You tell how your candle got lit and keep that spirit alive in your life. And then if you see God do something here in this framework of this building, you're you're not going to sit here and say, "Oh, that's nice." You're going to say, "I'm going to go tell such and such what I seen God done." and you'll be servants of the most high God. You'll be carrying out the commission that God told you to carry out. You'll be walking the path that he's chosen us to walk. Our way forward as a body of believers is to witness this message to this lost and dying generation. It's not for me to continually teach you in the doctrines and the revelations of William Brandham, which you have access to. But I hope you still love me. I hope you trust me and I hope you can understand what the prophet of God was saying when he said, "We need to be convinced and we need to be concerned because that's the path forward for the church." God bless you, brother Bill. [Applause] Man, is that your heart desired this morning? Lord, me Lord, I want to be about your work. You know, you can't eating without exercising is no good. It gets you fat. When you eat, you need to exercise. You need We eat for the purpose of gaining strength for the exercise. Amen. You hold my aing moment. You call my raing sea. You walk with me through [Music] fire and heal mighty things. Oh, and I trust in you. I trust in you. I trust in you. [Music] I believe you're Lord. I believe. I believe. Oh, and you [Music] are. I believe. I believe [Music] I have for me. Jesus, you're all I [Music] need. Lord, you hold my hand. Every morning you come to [Music] see you walk with me through [Music] fire mighty. Oh, I see you. Oh, that's heat. [Music] You [Music] are my [Music] I for Jesus, you're all I [Music] need. Father of life, sitting on the throne of grace. It's only by your mercy we are saved. Oh Lord, you said if we call upon your name, oh we [Laughter] feel Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Jesus Christ. [Music] Happy Jesus Christ. [Music] Father to for you will be here to tell the world about your great until the day. [Music] [Music] Hey, Jesus Christ. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I [Music] pray most second verse one more time. Oh my [Applause] [Music] [Music] father Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Jesus Christ. [Music] [Music] How we pray most Jesus Christ. [Music] Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. I trust we can to be about our father's business. That's our heart's desire. Whatever he wants us to do, that's what we want to be about. Amen. He said this works, these signs shall follow them that believe. That when we cast out devils, we do all of that. Those are part of the signs that follow the believers. And we believe that when we go about the work, he will bring the signs to come to pass. Amen. But if you could just come and dismiss us this morning. [Music] Let's pray. Do not repent. God our father. Yeah. We are approaching once again your throne as your children. those that you have redeemed with the price. The blood is flown that day. The blood of animals could do nothing. So it took you the God himself, the prophet to give your son to come die at the cross so we can have life. In the day of Pentecost, you said to your people, "Go into go into the upper room and I will come." You came down certainly. You spoke to them. Holy Spirit came upon them, not only so that the spirit is that they may go out and bring out the word. The same commission you given us today. That's why we pray Lord that you help us everywhere we are that we may be in the commission that we may testify of you. He took them talking about you. That's how you came to them on the way to Emmas and also we want to talk about you every moment. When we are gathered with people, speak about him and know that you will come. Thank you for your servant that you utilize this morning. Strengthen him and bless him. Bless us as we go home. Let us talk to about you everyone. talk about all your goodness, everything that you have done and what you promise you're going to do and will come in our midst and and come and do. Thank you for everything in the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you at this mist. We bow our hearts. We bend our [Music] knees. Oh spirit, come make us humble. We turn our eyes from evil things. Oh Lord, we cast out our idols. Oh, give us clean hand. For give us your heart. Let us not lift our souls to another. Oh, give us sweet. Give us your heart. Let us not take our souls to another. Oh God, let us be a generation that [Music] seeks your face. Oh God of J. Oh God, let us be a generation that sees. Oh, see your face. Oh God of Jacob, oh God, who I [Music] sp we turn around from evil Oh Lord, we [Music] pass. Oh, give us give us your heart. Let us our souls to another. Give us the praise. Give us pure heart. Let us not lift our souls to another. Oh God, let us be a generation. I see your face. Oh God of Jacob, God let us be a generation that sees your face. Oh [Music] God. [Music] Amen. Heat. [Music] [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] color. So pretty. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
