################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-14 - [2025-09-14pm] Sunday Evening Service  Pastor David McGeary Sr. - David McGeary Sr.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-14
Title:   [2025-09-14pm] Sunday Evening Service | Pastor David McGeary Sr.
Speaker: David McGeary Sr
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QlqNlcdw7mc
========================================

[Music] Oh, [Music] hey. [Music] to stand in. Oh, teach me all to wake him down on my knees. in your own good time. You answer my plea. Oh, teach me not to rely on what others do. All right, by way [Music] from you thy way upon the Lord shall renew the strength. They shall mountain with peace as he goes. For they shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and I pray. Oh, teach me Lord. Teach me belong to way. Oh, teach me belong to wild hearts are a flame. Everyone, my pride and call on your name. Oh, keep my faith free and keep my eyes on thee. Oh, help me be on the sir. what you want me to be. Oh, they th that way upon the Lord shall renew their strength. Oh, and they shall bow with as he goes. Oh, they shall run and not be weary. They shall walk and I f. Oh, teach me Lord. Teach me Lord through your Hallelu. What a wait on him. &gt;&gt; Amen. No matter how long it takes, he will show up on time. is an ontime God. Amen. But a great verific. Amen. [Music] Let's pray. forch. [Music] [Music] Amen. [Music] Amen. God bless you. May have your seats. Oh, there are people almost everywhere. Old hearts are all of flame with a fire I pic which kicks and made it clean. It is burning now within my heart. Oh, glory to his name. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of them. Oh, I'm one of them. Oh, hallelujah. One of them. Oh, and I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of I'm one of I'm one of Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of Oh, I know these people are so worthy. Oh, they have all received their head and heart baptiz in Jesus name. Oh, and when I move far and his power is yet the same. Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of Oh, I'm one of Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one I can I'm [Music] Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one Oh, they were gred in the upper praying. For they were baptized with the Holy Lord and Sab. [Music] Oh, I'm so glad that I can see what I'm [Music] Oh, and I'm so glad that I can see what I'm [Music] Oh, and I'm so glad that I can say I'm what mountain sickness. Hallelujah. Tonight I will salute your very hand. Oh, keep your soul away. Oh, it is burning now within my heart. Oh, glory to his name. Oh, I'm so glad that I can see. I'm one of I'm one of 10. Oh, hallelujah. One out of 10. Oh, and I'm so glad that I can say I'm one day. Oh, I'm one. I'm one. Oh, I'm so glad that I can see. Sing the last verse again. Oh, come my brother, seek this blessing out. Oh, claim your heart from sin. Hold your joing. Oh, keep your soul away. Oh, it is burning now within my heart. Oh, glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can sing. I'm one of Oh, I'm a dream. I'm one of Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of Oh, I'm one of I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of I came to the water that I came. Oh, and I'll be washing the blood of the Oh, and I changed from the graph. Oh, and I redeemed this my Oh, and I changed. Oh, I've been free all my life. Oh, and I've been Oh, and what a difference. Oh, and the Lord I [Music] praise God has changed. When I know my sins were calling for your heart. Oh, and I was mad about you today. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad you're out? Oh, I was Oh, and by now I sing. Hallelujah. I've been changing. Oh, I've been through all my life. Oh, has been free. Oh, and what a difference he makes. Oh, and the Lord. Oh, praise God has been changed. Oh, and when I last his present, [Music] oh, and he will laugh every day. Hallelujah. Thank you, Lord. For like me, falling to be on the sky. Oh, and I've been chasing. Oh, I've been all my life has been free. Oh, and what a difference in when all my life. Oh, sing that last verse again. Oh, and when I see his presence, oh, I see. Oh, and you will my favorite. Oh, and I'll take him for giving away the others. Oh, and I changed. Yes, I've been grateful. [Music] Oh, what a difference it makes when the Lord [Applause] and all my life, praise God, has been changed. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. Amen. How many can say, "I'm thankful I've been changed." Amen. You know, you look at your own life, you're like, "I was headed for a rack." if it had not been for the Lord. Amen. We're thankful for that. May just a reminder about the drop offs. Just uh uh please try not to drop off any children or anybody on the other side just because uh uh we have people coming in and we want to avoid any uh traffic situation and um and want to make sure that everybody is safe. Amen. We uh we don't have any new written requests. We had this uh from brother Tommy uh please pray for my brother-in-law uh who says uh he has a a prostate cancer certainly pray that the Lord will touch him also uh sister Lucer and family uh we know sister Lucer dad's pass away want to remember the family pray that the Lord will lift them up and certainly uh be with them in the hour of need. Amen. We'll pray for them. Amen. Also, brother Johnny and Chansy requesting prayer for the mom and we want to pray that the Lord will certainly work a miracle. Amen. Whatever the need is. Amen. We want his will to happen after all is said and done. We want to walk in his will. We want his will to be what we desire in our lives and everything. Amen. If you're having it upon your heart, just leave to end up to him. Brother Joseph Gordon, if you can just come and take this knees before Amen. [Music] [Music] Lord Jesus, we come before you this evening. Thank you Lord for this gathering together Lord where we can bind our faith together present our requests together and pull and unity of faith Lord one for another for the needs upon our hearts Lord Jesus we commit the needs have been spoken into your hands especially Lord we ask the special remembrance for sister Sarah and her family Lord just the heavy heart Lord of loss that's happened in the family I ask, Father, that you would be a special comfort, Lord, as they go through this time, Lord, and wind up the last affairs and put things in order and Lord, adjust to new normal and moving forward in their lives. We ask, Lord, that you would help them, Lord, and make things right and help, Lord, and that things will be put in order and brought together for their sake. Lord Jesus, we commit brother John and Cassie and his mom into your hands. Ask Lord for a special touch and comfort there Lord during this time. You know the need Father and the turmoil Lord and the comfort that is needed. So Father we just ask that you be with them this great time of need and Lord Jesus for any requests that were under upraised hands or even in hearts Lord with hands not raised we commit them unto you. I ask Lord that you would receive our faith Lord for those too. Father, I commit those into your hands and the tithes and offerings that we're about to receive unto you. Name the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. How many can say God has been good? Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Oh, when he walks among us, all that he does, all of his mercy, all of his love, if the pain of the rider, right, every day. Oh, and even his words could never contain. All my time been blessed. Oh, I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are his side of you and oh and no way could I count him there's not enough time oh so I'll just stand here full of [Music] God has been good so I have been blessed. Oh, what he sent his son for us to die on the cross. Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Just think about it tonight. He sent back his spirit. Oh to those who found others to see I have been blessed. Oh and I have been blessed. God so good to me. Precious are his stars. [Music] &gt;&gt; Oh, you know we could count him this morning time. Oh, so I'll just take him for the Oh, God has been good. So good. Oh, and I have been blessed. Oh, and the word of the hour is my friend. Oh, is always unfolding, not continuing. Oh my God. [Music] Oh sh [Music] my Oh mighty. [Applause] Oh I just worshiping this tonight. Hallelujah. Oh my god. [Music] There's not enough time. So I'll just take it for you. Oh my God has been good. Oh, so good. &gt;&gt; Oh, and I have been blessed. Oh, and he's my shoulder to [Music] Oh, and the rock where he leads me when I Oh, and the place where he [Music] is the reason I see I have [Music] Oh, and I have plans to me. Oh, and precious are his son. Oh, and I count. There's not enough time. So I'll just thank you for your &gt;&gt; Oh, and God is being good. [Music] &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. Is that your testimony tonight? &gt;&gt; God has been so good. His word speaking to our hearts every day, directing our footsteps. Amen. That's the love of God in our lives. Amen. Let's all stand as we invite our pastor. Oh, there are two road. [Music] You may take [Music] one side, one pa. Oh, and take the word of God. Oh, what you see, [Music] what is what will be set [Music] to the wind of faith. [Music] in a higher place. [Music] Do not struggle. It's by grace. Set your wings to the winds of faith. Oh, watch your knee. Watch your crown. Oh, and watch your mountain. Oh, and much to fly. Oh, and speak the word of God. and my and [Music] for you will [Music] set your wings through the wind of faith. You can fly in a higher place. Do not struggle. It's by grace. Stre your way through the winds of faith. Our father, let the winds of faith blow. Father, may we start living, believing, and thinking supernatural. Father, that what you've placed with us, you've freely given. You've told us to freely give. Father, may we let all those that we come in contact know the joy and peace of your love, the victory of your cross, the forgiveness of your blood, the filling of your Holy Spirit. We ask you to bless us in Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Amen. If you have your Bibles, let's turn over to uh I'd like to read Psalm of 43. Psalm 43. I I I thought this was a very uh beautiful little psalm and u talking about why should you be cast down. Huh? Just think if God be for you, who can it be against you? you know, um it says, "Judge me, oh God, and plead my cause against the ungodly nation. Oh, deliver me from the deceitful and unjust man. For thou art the God of my strength. Why dust thou cast me off? Why go I mourning because of the oppression of the enemy? Oh, send out thy light and thy truth. Let them lead me. Let them bring me unto the holy hill and to the tabernacles. Then I will go unto the altar of God. unto God my exceedingly joy. Yay, upon the harp I will praise thee, oh God, my God, why art thou cast down, oh my soul, why art thou disquitened within me? Hope in God, for I shall yet praise him who is the health of my continents and my God. God bless you. You may be seated. Well, it looks like we ran off quite a few this morning. Amen. So, I guess that we're getting down to rapturing numbers around here. Uh so, that's okay. That's okay. Uh you know, you you got to if there's only one going, it's me. So, there might be one or two spots left. You just you got to do your best to get them. But but that's okay. I'm sure that uh uh you know, I mean, the cowboy game got over early. I'd expect some people to be in here thanking the Lord. I you know, but uh you know, that's how things go. Uh so what we want to do is we want to pick up to where we left off this morning and finish this portion of tape. Now this this portion of tape is very significant in the life of brother Brandham and and what I hope that you can see through what's going on what he's preaching about is the struggle that he is going through trying to find the will of the Lord for his life. the the questioning, the personal questioning of what's transpiring in his positioning and what that he's going through and and uh and and he begins to speak about how he doesn't know what's going on or what to do or how to go forward, you know, and to me that's comforting because we go through those things And you'll hear him in this message talk about sweating it out, how he's got to sweat it out. And those things are marvelous. The thing we know being on this side of history, this was preached in 1962, pretty soon the the messages serves as this the time. And these messages and these visions are starting to weigh heavy on them. He he explains what how his nature has brought him to the place that he just can't seem to settle down. You know, he'll talk about that nervousness about all those things. And so I I think it's important that we grasp this along with what he he's talking about is is the future and the the future for the church. So he's almost at the place that we are talking about where do we go from here? Okay. So as as we and then you'll see the questions he asks, the things that come up to him, the things that he he witnesses, you know, uh how that the light seems to be dimming down, how that the revival, how that he's beginning to feel the pressure of the door shutting and he wants to know, you know, what he can do. He you'll notice that he will sense and he expresses this. He senses that there's a predestinated people to receive what he's preached. So you you understand, let me just give you a little outside history. Around this time, Brother Brennan's biggest supporters were the full gospel businessmen. Brother Carl Williams kept that door open to him. And many of you know we've had Earl Williams here. Uh you know Earl Williams is a very very close friend of mine and and I got to very many wonderful testimonies. But what was happening is is that the full gospel business and begin to start leaning and we're supporting and were excited about Amy Simple McFersonson's ministry. And so now here, Brother Brandham's preached against a woman preacher. He's poured his heart out and now they're attracted to her type of ministry. And so all these things are going on. He's wondering what's his future, you know, and he makes a statement. And I'd like to maybe read this statement because I I I wanted to I thought it was a very um I I hope that I I can find it here. Um he says now what now what I think would be this brethren and I'd like in the church now my ministry the best of my thinking four things can be done and it might not be either four but that's the only outlook I can think of if the one that spoke to me down at the river. This is all that was left for the gentile church. And so this is where he's come to. If what the angel spoke to me at the river is that your message for will forrun the coming the second coming of the Lord, then this ministry is all that is left for the gentile church. And so now he's going to go because he doesn't know where this is taking him. We know where it's taking him. It's taking him to Tucson, Arizona, where he's going to climb a mountain and he's going to get a sword in his hand and he's going to know this is the king's sword and he knows the seals are now going to be opened up. uh a brother brought to me uh a a wonderful uh understanding how that they were uh they were uh listening to running from the presence of the Lord. Brother Chris shared this with me and he said in that message, Brother Brandham looked out at the people and he says, "I'm not running to Nineveh." Okay? In other words, I'm going to deliver the message. And then he went on to preach marriage and divorce and many of the sermons that that followed that he was now pouring out his heart. So, he's in a balance. What am I going to do? What am I supposed to do? Where's my ministry going forward? I've been doing evangelism. I've been praying for the sick. I've I've been going to meetings. I've been having altar calls. But that's not what I'm called for. what I'm called to for is to go get the word of the Lord and bring the word of the Lord and say thus sayaith the Lord. So he's fixing to go into that and and to the seals. But if you can understand the struggle because I believe not only is the message doctrinally correct but I and as I said before it's a life lesson. You understand you learn how things work by listening to it. how how actually life itself operates and and what it takes. Like he said, we get impatient. We get ahead of God. We get all things messed up and then we've got to wait till the work catches up. In other words, God's got a time to do things. So, this this this is really good. It's very intimate. It's very I think the the the picture behind it is that brother Bram's having a men's meeting. Most of it is the men of the church and they're deciding whether they want to build a church. Now brother Bram's pouring out his heart. He said the reason he built the church, remember this morning, was because of the the people needed a place to go. this burden's falling on him and you'll see him unfold the burden, the vision and all the things that take place. So this is the last 34 minutes of what we played this morning. And you say why why this now? Well, I believe this is all orchestrated by the will of God. I I just believe that and I believe that this circumstance and I I hope that you can accept this for the way it's on my heart. Many of the circumstances that our prophet comes into, the church comes into, not the same exact instances, but the struggle, the temptations, the battle, and and and so he laid the way. So if we suffer with him, so many of the things, the pressures and the demons and the things that fought him because he believed the message are the same things that come after us because we follow the message. I hope you understand that. And he said that he said, "Satan's desire to sift thee of sand, but I have prayed for you." So we're we're we're in good hands. So I hope you enjoy this. It's wonderful. It's very enlightening. And we know the answer to the question, of course, is that he goes on, opens the seals, receives the third pole, and goes on to deliver the message of the hour. Um, which still today stands as the unadulterated word of God. People say, "Well, Brother Brandon's been gone for 50 years." Well, the truth is the truth. It was the truth in the beginning. It'll be the truth in a hundred years. If if it took a hundred years, God didn't come back from a hundred years. God's still not a trinity. Baptism in Jesus' name still the way. Being filled with his spirit is still the way that a believer comes. The blood is the only thing that still forgives your sins. None of that changes. the truth of God's word will never change. Amen. So, we just trust that we you believe this and enjoy this and and and so you kind I give my heart this morning. And so, we're going to start going forward now that we've went back, right? And we went back. We established where we're going to go forward on of what we're going to go forward with, where we want to put our efforts as a body. And we want to be in service for the lost, for the sick, for the dying, for the needy. We want to be focused where we can, our hand can reach. And not where our mouth can reach, but where our hand can reach. Oh, to be God's hand extended, reaching out to fallen man. Amen. So, God bless you this morning or this evening as we finish up this uh first half of uh out of the message uh called and we're going to start on paragraph 55. And I I I just trust you'll be as blessed as I was. Thank you. Now what I would think would be this brethren at like in the church here now I the my ministry has the best amount of thinking four things that can be done and it might not be either four that's the only outlook I can think of if that one has spoke to me down there on the river if this is all that was left for the gentile church which we realize In Revelations, it says one, two, three chapters to the church. The church goes up in the fourth chapter. It does not return anymore to the 19th chapter. That's after the tribulation period &gt;&gt; when God calls out the Jews. That's right. And like Enoch, he went up before one drop of rain ever hit the earth. It was gone. Then the tribulation set in. See, Noah was in the ark before any tribulation set in. Lot was out of Sodom before any tribulation set in. See, and the church will be gone before any tribulation period. Now during the tribulation that will be the sleeping virgin will be hunted down by the dragon spurts water from his mouth which it means multitudes and people armies that'll search down and take this woman uh uh remnant of her seed and will kill her. Now that will be in the tribulation period but the church will go home. Now, if if that take would take place tomorrow, it wouldn't hinder some miskeeping on today. Let's make today count. Now, what I think down there, if that angel that said those words to me said, as John the Baptist was sent to forerun the first coming of Christ, see, your message has to take this message and it would forerun the second coming of Christ. Well, if this has been it, and we're real real close, brethren, &gt;&gt; because the hour and the light of the message just about gone out. Did you notice when Pentecost fell and those brothers was filled at Pentecost with the Holy Ghost, it wasn't hardly any time until the message had be to dim down and they begin to set up churches the whole port for Christ, expecting him to come. Well, that's the same thing is taking place today. If the scripture is true, I will restore, sayeth the Lord, all that the palm of worm and cake of worm has eaten. Now, if that be it, if that is the message, and God forgive me, I I do not know if that's it, then the time is close to hand really because the message is over. And the other night I was dreaming that I went to have discernment where a great host of my friends are gathered, thousands of them in a meeting. There's a fellow come got me and Billy usually comes gets me because he don't talk to me. This man just talked to Blue Street and before I got over there all the anointing was gone from me for it. And then I said, "Well, I'll just go over there and and preach the message of telling those people, don't fool those denominations and so forth and come out like this." And when I got to the platform, that had left me. I don't know what it meant, but I was going on. I just don't know. It could be the end of my road. It could be the coming of the Lord. It could be the change of the day. It could be the coming of that mighty one if it's to be another besides what's already come. It could be that all those things we'd have to draw from. It would be and as I stand here tonight before God and you, brethren, I don't know. I couldn't tell you. If I did, I'd tell you. Or I wouldn't mention bring anything up like this. If I didn't know which way if I know which way the thing was going, I' i'd say it. But I don't know. I can't tell. I'm going right now on meetings without one speck of leading. I'm going because I don't want to set up there. I I I like to get out in the woods as well as anybody. If I'm wrong in this, God forgive me. There's three things could happen to me. It's either the end of my road and let this other one come on. I've opened up the road for him to take over. Remember, the one that comes to preach will be on the word restoring the faith of the children back to the fathers. It could be the end of my role. It could be that he's changing my ministry back into evangelism for overseas. Or it could be that he's not going to call me anymore for an evangelist and he's taking me into the wilderness somewhere to anoint me to send me forth like the promised one is to come. I think that could be any of those things. I cannot go on the way I've been going because I'm the people has believe me I I have to say this I said before man the people many times regard me as being a prophet I do not regard myself that no sir I do not I have I don't say that to be humble I say that to be truthful I do not regard myself to be a prophet of the Lord I I that honor. I believe that the Lord has used me and little special things to help maybe lay a foundation for a prophet that will come. But a prophet doesn't operate the way I operate. Now you know that a prophet isn't an evangelist and an evangelist isn't a prophet. A pastor isn't a evangelist, then a evangelist isn't a pastor. But God has set in the church, first apostles, then prophets, then teachers, then pastors, and so forth. God set them in the church and God gave them an office. But the morning when I laid that cornerstone because, now if you're spiritual, you get it. because of the cry of the people. If you could break that out or take the book and read it, it said, "Do the work of an evangelist." Didn't call me to be evangelist, but said, "Do the work of an evangelist, for the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine, but for heap themselves together teachers having ancient ears, and shall turn from truth to fables." See, quoted that scripture and told me where to find it. Said it three times. And I got the Bible and turned to where he told me and there it was. And now you know about the two buckets of the Pentecostal oneness and the Pentecostal assemblies. I never crossed them. I planted their own trees right where they were because I think they're both wrong. But out of it, I was at the cross at the harvest. God respects anybody who's sincere. Peter said that he perceived that God was no respected person. All nations calling when on the house of Cornelius when they received the Holy Ghost like they did at the beginning. See God is no respective person. We see a person deeply and sincerely he can be sincerely wrong. But if he is sincerely, God will lead him to the light somewhere. He'll come to it because God's obligated to do that. And we think about the coming of the Lord being such a a great thing and the message no more than it went. And remember, there's a predestinated group to be here when the Lord returns. And it might not be over a dozen. &gt;&gt; We don't know. It might be 100 million, might be 10,000. But if the predestinated will hear the message and believe it, if it's the message sent of God, which we believe it to be. Now, here we are then, right up here to the end of the time when if God did call me, now listen, this is not to be repeated. If he did call me to be his prophet, then I'm certainly not holding the office of one. Prophets don't evangelize. A prophet hides himself in the wilderness alone with God until he gets exactly directly what God wants him doing. and he stomps right out and gives his message and back into the wilderness he goes again. &gt;&gt; He's not an evangelist holding meetings and getting cooperations and all these things like evangelists do. He don't teach like evangelist. He has thus sayaeth the Lord and that's it and that's all. He gives it out and let the chips fall where it will and then way he goes again. Nobody knows where he's at. is in isolation somewhere. Now I cannot or if he's called me to be that I cannot be an evangelist and if he's called me to be evangelist I cannot be a prophet. Now you get what I mean? &gt;&gt; I don't know what to do. I've done reverently when he told me first about be holding people's hand and praying for them then know the secret of their heart and all these different things. And brethren that's infallible. You know that's to be the truth. Every one of you knows that. See, and how he told me it would blast across the world. And it's done it just exactly. Every nation under the heavens has everywhere. Newspapers, tape recordings everywhere. I don't know how it's ever done it, but throughout all the world, letters coming in and people from way down and pileing in the pot and tops back in there. How those missionaries is crowded back in there with those tapes and giving that interpretation of the word. And uh we hear from all over the world around the world. Now the the church is predestinated universally everywhere. &gt;&gt; Be two in the bed, two in the field. See, take one and leave one. Now, as I have done the work of an evangelist, and here's my plea. If that is pleasing to God and I've done the work all right, trusting I have pleased him, asking forgiveness for all my mistakes, then he may be calling me from the field of evangelism to be his prophet. &gt;&gt; Then if it is, I'll leave evangelism. But if he calls me to be a prophet, I cannot be an evangelist. If I'm to be a basis, I cannot be a prophet. I'm mixing the two offices. That's where I've always fussed about standing on the platform. It's never been good, successful. God has used it, but I've never thought it was his direct will. It's been his permissive will. Stand on the platform. A vision or two will knock you out almost. See? And then if you tell this person how to straighten himself up and what to do and then the next person stands there, he's expecting the same thing and you can't tell him unless something tells you to tell him. &gt;&gt; And then the other people feel like you're a traitor or a backslider or a demon or something because you don't tell them what they want to know. See, that's not the office the way a prophet operates. A prophet stays back here till he stomps right into the hospital or wherever he's going with thus sayeth the Lord and say it and stomp back out again. &gt;&gt; He's no evangelist at all. He don't hold meetings and discuss things. He's got the word of the Lord for whoever he sent to. &gt;&gt; If he's sent to the White House, he stomps right up in front of the White House. It's thus sayeth the Lord. &gt;&gt; If it's to the governor of the state, whoever it is, it's thus sayeth the Lord. That's right. &gt;&gt; You don't fool around with a group of churches trying to get them to come in and take the word and preach these things like evangelists. He's not an evangelist. So you see, brethren, that's the reason I don't call myself a prophet. I'm not even in the office of one. See, now you understand what I mean. Now, there'd be a lot going on like that for a long time, but I hope to not take too much of your time until I get a little bit of this word I want to read tonight. Now, here's what I'm doing. I have never felt that I should live in Indiana. I'm a I'm a rambler. I don't I'll go one place I think I'll go over here and I'll settle down here. This is it. I can't do it. Want to go somewhere else. I think I'll go over here. Want to do it? My wife calls me. What's that song they sing about? Restless winds. You've heard it. I guess most all of you hear him saying, "Well, that's what she calls me. Restless winds." About time I get here, I think, boy, I just got to get home. I got to see the wife and kids. I just got to go to church once more and preach. I get here, come down, preach once, kiss my wife, and hug all the kids, get out the yard to cut the grass, and the airplane goes over. I stop, wipe the sweat off my face, and I want to go with him somewhere else. I got to go. Well, I think I got to go down there. And I I go down there. I preach there a while. Look around. There goes another one over. I got to go with him. See, there's no settling down place for me. I just can't do it. I'm restless, shifting place to place. Something I can't help it. It's something in me and I know that I must do it. Now, at the church is in its present state. I'd feel horrible to walk away from here and think of all you man sitting here that I believe I'll spend an eternity with over glory land. We got fine man, fine material, solid sound people. Just recently there's a revival broke out in the church here amongst the people. The spirit come among them begin to give gifts. I watched it as if he go off into fanaticism. Every time you start moving that way, the spirit check it. Bring it back here. I don't praise the Lord. See, if you just hold your place there, that's fine. See, now what my thoughts is is this is if it could be possible that when I start going somewhere, I don't know where I'm going, but I can't sit still. I ain't going to stay here. I just can't do it. I got to move somewhere. and I probably won't stay there, but a few days be moving somewhere else. I got to go somewhere. I don't know where I'm going. Neither did Abraham know where he was going. &gt;&gt; He just crossed the river and started off. That's all. I feel that what we ought to do here in this present time, I believe that we need a church. I think I think the house of God. You say, "Well, what put all that money in it if the Lord is going to come?" Well, what good is going to do to keep the money if the Lord comes? See, if the people designated the money for the church, it's our duty with 100% vote here and I took that night to build the church. So, build it. I'd say build it. Yes, sir. I've never expressed this before, but I want to do it before you man. Didn't want the women here because one less this way and that way. I'm trying to tell you the reason I want to do it. I think if the Lord's coming next week, let's start the church this week. Certainly, let's show him. Let's stand at our post of duty. Yes, sir. And then if we uh when the church is built up, why say if he's what if he's 10 years from now, what if he's 20 years or what if he's 100 years? Whatever it is, when he comes, that matters not. We know he'll be coming for us before that time because we can't live it out 100 years more. You'll be coming for us, but we got to leave partings behind us. And I thought this, why not then let the church board you're speaking to them now. Build that church. Put it up here. Make it nice and a nice place where the people can come. I'd suggest brother Neville be the pastor of the church. As long as the church suggest him being pastor. That's the vote of the church. As long as he holds a post of duty and stays with the faith, wants to come, feels the leading of the Lord, then the leading of the Lord for him to stay. If the congregation votes the same, then I'd say each one of these men out here, these other man like brother Chris and brother Jr. all them, as long as they feel their duty at that post and they're associated here together, you can't go down and meet with the Methodist, you have no fellowship with them, &gt;&gt; the Baptist, &gt;&gt; you go talking about speaking in tongues in the baptism of Jesus name, they kick you out that quick. &gt;&gt; That's right. You sit around there, you'd be like a a dove amongst a bunch of crows. You would have no fellowship at all. You're d I ain't making fun of Methodist and Baptist. Now remember that. I'm not saying that. I'm just drawing a comparison. And many of those Methodists and Baptists are a good man, godly man. But I'm talking about the fellowship. There's brother, what's his name back there tonight? The evangelist sitting back there. Brother JT Parnell, brother Beer, lead us brother sitting here. Some of many of you here man of God calling in your life. You can be doing something. Just don't sit around. Let's do something. You don't get but one soul saved. Get that one saved. Each one of us. Now I think this church if you man would when you build this church make this like your headquarters and like brother Neville here being like the senior elder among him. See, and sometimes you get a question that you can't discuss out with your church out there, then bring it in here to brother Neville and you all discuss it together. If you can't come to any decision, I'll be coming by pretty soon. Then we'll all come together with it and and then in there, get training in your own groups, other ministers, man that you see that has a calling in their life for the ministry. Train them young man. bring them in here to the elder. All of you set together in a ministerial meeting and there teach the deeper things of God. Don't go on the bad end. Keep someone who you can have confidence in to be kind of like a a leader for you. And then sometimes if you don't see it just exactly way he does go. That's all right. You're in the faith anyhow. Just move along. Maybe when we come together then all of us together we are pray the discernment of God come down and he'll give it just exactly what it is. you see and let us know just how to do it and in there churches can go here and training up a group of ants and if I'm in evangelistic work somewhere there's places I can place them worldwide &gt;&gt; what if I was in India go back to India there I'd say to these people maybe you'd have thousands of them stay there for a week or two and they see the ministry they love it they believe it's a truth they come out of heathenism there I've got and maybe in two three weeks when it's only there two nights and maybe 100,000 converted to Christ, nowhere to go the next day, take a plane and start back to Rome, then to the United States, leave them just like sheep put out among wolves. What if I had a group of men, young man trained in the message? &gt;&gt; Okay, just say now wait a minute. Before I leave here, we're going to set in order these churches. I'll have a man who already telegram him. He got the money. They're on the road here right now to take over this. A good man, his two or three young men with him who will be his helpers and assistants and a church of this faith can be set there which will be a outpost in India, outpost in Germany, outpost in Switzerland. While right now we should had them all around the nation where I've been. &gt;&gt; Amen. And the message then from there comes another from another comes another. See what I mean? &gt;&gt; Now tomorrow night or day after tomorrow night you'll see Max and Boz come down here which is my friend. You'll see just what one little crippled up Swede did over there and Tanzanica. He went in there and Matson Bose is a good man but he don't believe the faith that we believe. I've tucked him right out and tuck him and this tied him to such a place in the scripture. I say, "Matson, you're my friend. Now you're not going to jump or run. We're just going to stand here and hold one of his hands as Christian brothers and talk." See, now lay the message right to him. And he just stand there and say, "Brew Brandom, you you sure right." I said, "Now imagine, you don't believe that or you'd accept it." Well, Random, I believe what you say is the truth. Then why don't you accept it? See, just burn it right down to him and he then as soon as he gets away, he's gone. See, but just watch what that man did in his missions over there. Just one man. Course he can send right back to Chicago and pick up Burton and all the rest of them. Send them over in there like that and start to work doing. Now they're getting up into the tens of thousands of one little revival. Not a man with gifts, just a man who had enough courage to go there and start. What could have been done under this? have been ranking in the millions. Sure, we've lost that time. That's what my suggestion would be. Now, remember, in doing this, you'll find out there may be times that you'll disagree with brother so and so. You'll disagree over here. And remember, as long as you get to the spot you say, "Well, because he don't believe it just like me, I ain't going to have." Then, there's something wrong with you. It's not wrong with the other fella. It's something wrong with you. When brethren who are trying to hold together is one thing we Brandhams nine of us and we fight like pet dogs but after all when we got through fighting we were still Brandhams. One know the other was a Brandon. I know he was a Brandon. He knowed I was a brand. See but we fight. You did that in your family but they're still your brothers. &gt;&gt; That's the way it is. We might differ. That's all right. But we're still one. We're one in Christ. We believe this message and let's stay with it. And I think that's the thing to do to keep on carrying on until Jesus comes. And that's what I wanted to say in that manner. And I believe if you'd have like see, you've got to be enthused with it. If you're not enthused, then there's something wrong. &gt;&gt; There's something wrong. You've got let's not say, "Well, last month I was pretty well enthused, but I don't know." See, then there's something wrong somewhere. You got to be enthused all the time. &gt;&gt; See, and just keep punching. It's the devil trying to get you. Like I always liked uh our last president, Mr. Eisenhower. Uh I had a great admiration for uh General Eisenhower. Uh he said when we were fighting, he said there's many times we picked up a shell and throw it into the gun and pulled a hammer on it and let her fall and it snapped. It didn't go off. said we didn't surrender. Said we might have put in another one and it snapped two. Said we didn't give up. Said we kept on snapping until the one went off. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That's it. That's the way to win the war. Keep trying. Throw a shell in and pull it. You got a purpose, a target to hit. And if it don't go off, throw it out and throw another one in and try it again. Throw it in and try it again till one goes off. There's one of them. And there's the live. One of them will go off. So that's what we got to do. Just keep firing away, firing away until something happens. &gt;&gt; What am I doing? I'm firing away now. I'm going out here leading a responsibility. Millions of people looking at you. What you going to do? What's the next move? Some thinks I'm dead. Some thinks this. Even that government all good. They said I was trying to commit suicide. Everything see out around the country and everything. See, but you got all that to contend with. Then you got the burden of the people. And just imagine what if God would place on you that you know the heart of the people that you're talking to. Think about that. &gt;&gt; See, brethren, maybe I know you have burdens, but you don't understand. And besides that, here you've got the responsibility here. You say, "Well, that ought to be easy for you, brother Bram. Anything to do, God just tell you, no, he doesn't. I sweat it out just like you do and a whole lot harder." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Sure. I have to sweat it much harder than you do. And there's going to be more required of me where you have to answer for a church, where you have to answer for your family, or maybe just for yourself. See, there's millions of souls I got to answer for. I got to know my moves. And if Satan's knocking you for one soul or a few souls that you'll catch, what about how your millions are setting in order? How many more blast is he throwing in there? See, so you got a whole lot to remember rather than that. No wonder I get nervous sometimes. Sure. But now I'm punching away right now. I throw a shell in it that fires. There it is. But if it don't fire, I won't quit. I'll throw that one out as a thud and try another one. One of them's going to go off. That's all there is to it. One of them's going to fire somewhere. Then I'll I want to be on the target. So when it does fire, I'll hit the object that I'm shooting at. And I you know what I mean? I'm sure they there's something somewhere. I'm leaving for these meetings just plunging out. None. I don't aim to teach these great things I teach you people. You remember what that dream that I got? interpretation was go back and store up food. Where was the storehouse? This tabernacle. &gt;&gt; Where is there anything like it in the country around here, anywhere that will compare with the message that we have now? Of course, our little brother share the title along here. These other little churches are us. &gt;&gt; We're one. Where would you go to to find it? &gt;&gt; Sure. It's comparison anywhere. You go right out in denominational creeds, you'll go right out await in the name of the Lord Jesus. You'll go right out a way in these other things. See, and here's where the food's been stored up. &gt;&gt; Well, one message that I preach here to you all, look, I've been preaching from one to six hours to you on a message. &gt;&gt; Well, if I had to use one of those message, I'd take a week to take it. Just a little bit here and a little bit there. See, because it's been stored up here. It's on tapes. It'll go worldwide on the tapes where people in their houses. them tapes will fall right into the hands of the predestinated of God. &gt;&gt; He can direct the word. He'll direct everything just exactly to its course. That's the reason he sent me back to do this. Store up the food year. He forbid me to go overseas. Brother Argu said, "Well, come go. You got one night, but we'll take you a tourist trip all around over the country." The way I seen Brother Fred and Brother Banks trying to go. I said, "I wouldn't go that way." See, it showed that there was something else. I pressed right up to the mark. Now I'm going to don't know which way to go, but the amination lay all around me. &gt;&gt; Has it called me back to the evangelism? Has he called me to foreign missionaries? Has he called me to be his prophet? I'm at a pastor somewhere. Whatever I'm to do, I'll just keep throwing shell in and pulling a hammer on him. One of them will go off. &gt;&gt; But I'm just not going to stand and look say, "Lord, you put the shell in the gun. I'm going to put the shell in the gun. Do the pulling myself. Let him do the fine. He's the one to take care of that. Let me just keep moving on. I when I go on this meetings now, I'm just going out. I don't know. I I may not say one thing about these message like a preacher. I may not even have one night of discernment. I don't know. I'm just going not knowing what I'm going to do. I couldn't tell you. I'm just going. And that's all. And that's what you have to do. You got something in mind. The people here wants a church. Build it as quick as you can. Get it up. Get your teachers and name things. You brother not your little churches and you want to you're doing a work. God will reward you for that. Go out there, preach. Do everything you can. Let all of you get together, you bunch of men, and have meetings and talk on deep things in the scripture and pray. Don't don't just come here together unless you come for prayer meeting alone. do your praying in secret. Stay out in the places. Go into your rooms. Hide out somewhere and just kneel down and just stay before God and stay there. Then if you find out look like something's moving up or you're just going and you find out it gets a little bit off the word and be careful. No matter how good it looks, stop right there. A wrong spirit struck you because the message of this day is to the word. Amen. &gt;&gt; Don't see if you say, "Oh my brother, I tell you so and so, while so and so stood the other night, this that thing take place like this." Watch it. Watch it close. Don't renounce nothing. Just wait and see how it acts and then bring it up to the word and see how it compares with the word. Then if it compares with the word and everything's fine, thank God. And just keep moving on and see long as it stays in the word. That's my opinion what I think you should do. Brother Neville, &gt;&gt; Brother Ronald, Brother Crease, and Brother Beer, and all you brethren here, Juny, wherever you are, and the rest of you, brethren, God richly bless you. &gt;&gt; I see Terry, Lynn, Charlie Cox, David, a lot of you young men here, God anoint you. &gt;&gt; Amen. My I would like to pick up a handful of you be evangelism and set you somewhere. See, knowing that you've come up, you can stand and know the message and study to prove yourself. You feel a call in your life. I see two or three young men, four or five sitting on a roll back here. And and like that, you're a young man. I'm getting old. Brother Neville's getting old. We're middle-aged man. If time rolls on, we're going to walk off the scene. That's why you've got to fill our shoes. See? &gt;&gt; And so you see that maybe in that day even it'll be growing greater if there is a tomorrow. &gt;&gt; But while there is a today, let's work while it's day. Tomorrow may never come. If it does, let's be ready for it. See what I mean? &gt;&gt; Now that's what I would think to you. Wouldn't it be wonderful to see a brother up there from Utica, brother Grace, all you other brethren here come together, meet, come into a place, you ministers, set together and discuss things. You've got to have fellowship somewhere. You've got to have something to come together to kind of get together about. You all come together as a group of men and believe one with the other and like that and discuss these problems and sit out maybe once a month just ministers alone let you meet somewhere in one of your churches sit there and discuss it and talk it each one of you pastors and evangelists and whatever you are and then if some great problem comes up you can't settle then if I'm called on the field of evangelism I don't know that I will be if I will be you know I'll be coming back constantly all the time and then if you get those things then when I come back here. Well, we'll meet together and just stay down there. One of you has a calling in your life. We won't have like private interviews and things we've been having. We'll just come right together and stay there till we have thus sayeth the Lord. &gt;&gt; And if you can get the preacher straight and him going, right? Look what he's going to do. He's going to influence us, it would take care of the hundreds of these things that we're just beating at. You see, you got to get it a system, God's system. like uh Jethro said to Moses, "Well, you can't beat out all of them." Or, "And God put elders out there, 70 of them, and tuck the spirit was on Moses and put them up on those 70 elders, and they prophesied." &gt;&gt; And it didn't weaken Moses a bit and strengthened him. &gt;&gt; He had just as much prophecy in him as he did before they took the spirit off of him that prophesied. See, he just separated the son of Moses. let them judge the smaller things. And but when it comes to the major things, you come in with them and help them like that. That's the way that was God's way back there. That was God's way in the in the early church age. And I believe it's God's way now, &gt;&gt; right? For us to do it. So, let's do it. Just quit talking about it and do it. &gt;&gt; That's all we can do it by the grace of God. Don't you believe it? I &gt;&gt; Let's see. Oh, I've done tucked my time up. I hope that was encouraging and enlightening. You know, you you look back and you think, "Well, did that ever come to pass?" You know, God brought it to pass. You know, I was a young man of 18 years old and God brought this message to me in California. He found men all over to do exactly what he said. So God carried out the word just the way it was spoken. And for the ministers here, you know that we've raised up ministers here and we've trained them and we've kept them in the word and we've sought those people out. So God's word is happening and it's going to happen. Nothing stops God. You understand? It's going to carry on. It's it's going to go forward. You know, the important thing is I think what he said. He says when something comes up, he said don't speak out against it. Don't get all wait on it. See if it lines up with the word. You know, let it judge. And you know what you find out? You find out that a lot of times things correct themselves. Good men love God full of the spirit of God that they might head out somewhere for a while trying to do God a service, thinking it's the right way to go. But you know, if they're real brethren, he said the spirit will correct it. He'll come talk to them. He'll bring them back. He'll bring them back to the middle of the road. We've got to have that confidence, you know, but you don't, he goes on later in this sermon, he talks about you don't, someone comes into a town, he does a little thing, everybody gets out a pole and pushes him in the hole, you know what I mean? Or points out his mistake and tries to run him down. You know, there just so much of the right attitude that I thought was expressed. I mean, I hope you felt that, too. the right Christian attitude, the right thing, doing the right work and and I don't have a message. This is my message. And I think that we can all follow this together. Don't you feel that in the right spirit and the right thing? So, you just have to you and I think what you got to do is you got to really ask yourself, what am I feeding on? you know, what what what's what are we feeding on? What's being brought to us? You know, what what is it that satisfies our soul? And and I'll tell you a this little portion we listen to is food. It really makes you think, really makes you look at yourself, you know, and you know, it's easy when somebody's always telling you, "Oh, you're the only elected. You're the bride. you're the best in the world, you know, you're you're secure, you're going to heaven all the time. You forget looking at yourself, you know, and I thought the other day, I thought, you know, Lord, I've almost got so predestinated that I don't even believe there's a hell, you know. I mean, there's no no fear of God, you know, no fear of of, you know, no, and no, you know, what if this isn't right? What's the consequences? You just get to the place you think, I'm elected. I'm the bride. I'm the chosen one. I'm predestinated. My name's on the Lamb's book of life. If and you create an attitude about yourself and then you don't you don't even you don't even think there's any reprisal. You don't even think there's hell. I even got in my soul. I said, Lord, I wonder do I even believe in hell anymore? And you know, do I even fear God anymore that I'm not really consecrated like I should be? And and you know the fear of God is the beginning of wisdom. It'd be like saying if you don't fear God, you're an idiot. Maybe that's not a word you can use here, but I don't you know, my dad would say you're a numb skull. You know what I mean? So I I just think it's it's it's getting back to the fear of God, to the full confidence in the message, to living it and knowing that this is our food and that we ca we don't have to be afraid of any group, any man, anything because we have a vindicated absolute that is more than life for us. So I I I hope that that the spiritually you understand what today was for my life, for this church is we're trying to turn a corner and get back on the way forward to the right things, the right mental attitude, the right love one for another. And I think it also parallels perfectly with the political environment today. And I'll just say this, when this great tragedy took place, I begin to read the commentaries and and and the hatred between the two opposing sides. And you know, you automatically in your nature, you're always going to go to the one that mentions God and mentions the Lord Jesus and and you know and and all the things that they the principles that they stand to and all that. And then when you really look at the word of God, you know, Satan comes appearing as an angel of light and they the scripture says they will kill you thinking that they're doing God a service. So now you have people with political power who feel that they're morally right. They're the ones they've got the will of God on their side. and and their viewpoints are now vindicated by God, you know, and and and you can sit there and say all you want and and they say it, oh, the reason the bullet didn't strike him because God wanted him to be president. We know that the kingdoms of the rule world are ruled by the enemy. He's only just what Jesus said to Caesar. You're only there because my father allowed it. You understand? And the deception is that it appears as an angel of light. So we think that here's this group of people that's got our values. They're standing against homosexuality. They're standing for this. Oh, they must be for this. Don't let that deceive you. Uh-uh. Those are the people that are going to turn around and and and they're the ones that going to decide what's real churches. So, if you think everything's so spiritual, you know who our president's pastor is? Dana White, I think her name is, right? Dana. Paula. Isn't that deceiving? Paula White. Our president's got a a woman preacher for a pastor. It just fits right back into every prophecy the prophet of God said, a woman, right? It's all there. So, don't don't be deceived and and and get caught up in in all all this. You know, Fox News isn't the voice of God to the United States. You know what I mean? Neither is NSNBC, the voice of the devil. You know what I mean? It's got nothing both. It's all wrong. the whole thing, the whole politics, the whole education. You know, I someone told me the other day they're leaving the country because they they don't want to be in America. Well, it ain't America. It's the devil. &gt;&gt; And he's everywhere. &gt;&gt; And he's coming. You We should have realized how important it is to make the rapture. You know what happens if you don't make the rapture? Are you going to be lost? No. But the beast is going to seek you out and devour you and kill you. What a choice. I'll just miss Sunday night. I'll not you guys. I'll just miss Sunday night. I'll I I won't go to communion. I won't go to footwashing because I've got a back door. You know, it's called the tribulation where I'll lay my life down. That ain't a real wise choice. You know what I mean? You don't know what you would do. You have to remember everybody that gave their life for this gospel had a special anointing put on them &gt;&gt; by the the beast, the ox beast. He gave them a special anointing that allowed them to lay their life down. Without that anointing, they wouldn't have laid their life down. Now, we have a special anointing to make the rapture. &gt;&gt; So, I'm not going to give up this anointing to hope I get an anointing that allows me to lay down my life. I I don't think that's real wisdom. Do you? You've got a chance. And let's take the chance we've got. So, um, I don't know where I'm going to go from here. So, I'm probably preach Sunday. I played tapes this Sunday because I felt that it was absolutely the Lord that brought me to it. And and when I I told many brothers, I I I'm going to preach how to out of taking sides with Jesus. I thought I was going to preach from where he took the scriptures, but I didn't know what what was laying in front of it. And so I think I think we're on tune. I think we're back on track. I hope we are. If you you may have always been on track, just waiting for me to get on track. Well, I hope I'm back and you keep me on track, right? By staying in the word. What did he say? Get alone in your closets. Get alone and pray. Seek the Lord. Seek what you can do. Ask God what you can do for the kingdom. Don't be be courageous. Remember he told them, "Be courageous. Don't be afraid. Don't be afraid to stand up and testify. Don't be able to Don't be afraid. Satan's trying to get us to cower down, you know, and if we if we are that last voice, then we've got to be the voice of the voice, not a different voice. It's got to be together with the voice. So, let's put our in Let's remember anybody that's a part of this message is our brother. We support them. If they got a little difference, we've been taught that's fine. They're working for the right thing. God will not lose a one. And I could take you through the scriptures where you, you know, Rahab the harlot, you know, she she heard the gospel from unbelievers. You could go all down through the scriptures where people heard the gospel from unbelievers. And and so it doesn't matter what they Paul put it this way. He says, "Some preach for envy, some for lucer, some for strife, but nevertheless, I praise God for the gospel is being preached, and there's a predestinated seed out there." And I think the right attitude towards any promise of God brings it to pass. And the right spiritual attitude creates an atmosphere that the word of God can flourish in. So, let's let's just continue to go forward. keep me in prayer and um and uh um you know and um there there's just a lot of things that I could point to in there that tie right into what we're doing. Many of you ministers have come and know that we've been training you up just what the prophet of God said to do. So what he's taught has been happening and I hope that you realize that you're a part of something. I'm 75 years old be 76 this I can't continue on forever. And that's why it's so important that we lay this foundation of staying with the message of the hour because I've seen so many go around. I remember brother Tim's dad used to take the film because we didn't have video, we didn't have phone and set that film up and show it. I think the first time I saw the film in the church here, his dad showed it to us running the old real and real projector. We've come a long way. You understand? But we can't go forward until we're enthused and 100% set that God's got a way of doing things. And he revealed it. And I know you caught this in there. He says, "Well, if I'm not the one, I'm the one to come." And and that was in 62. And I'm just going to come out with thus sayaeth the Lord. If you look back, it's exactly what happened. He became that prophet with thus sayaeth the Lord. And he didn't care what anybody thought. He let the chips fall where they may. &gt;&gt; You know what I mean? He preached Oh, he preached the rapture. He preached, you know, he just preached them all. You know, doing God's service without it being his will. Uh, you know, seed is not air with the shucks. Well, it just gets you excited thinking about the message he just poured down there with thus sayaith the Lord and and who is the beneficiary? &gt;&gt; We are. What's our reward for hearing it? The resurrection. So, God bless you. We'll have Billy come lead a song. Close in prayer. And thank you for coming out tonight. And those of you that are laying home streaming, uh, I hope your jammies are comfortable and your coffee is warm. Amen. And I I I hope that, uh, you know, your feet are propped up real nice and you got your clicker and you're turning the volume up and it's really, really nice. I I hope the best for you. Amen. Because uh there's hard times coming. So you better start toughening up. And all these wonderful people that came out tonight, they sacrificed. So I know that God's got a special blessing coming for you and you'll be glad that you did. So God bless you. I hope you know I love you. I hope the love of God is apparent. And I hope our love for the word is what keeps us together in unity and in service for the Lord. So brother Billy comes this brother Billy's just a proof of God's word. I told brother Billy I said I came to him I said brother Billy I think that you've got a call to preach. You know I didn't see him for three weeks. I'd come up and go where's Billy? And there's Billy. He He wasn't married. Yeah. You weren't married then, were you? You see, it took Jida to get him straight. Anyway, off he'd go, you know, just not just like, you know, but the Lord got him, rrestled him down. He's done a wonderful job for us, hasn't he? We've had brothers go out from here and start churches. Aaron's in in in in Phoenix, you know, doing the Lord's will. Has a church. It's really growing. Uh God's blessing him. We've had other brothers leave here. You know, it don't matter why they leave. God's got the reason for it. He He'll make somebody leave and you don't even know why. But at least they're out there preaching the gospel, preaching this message. You know, there's people that can't stand me no matter. So, even though I'm such a lovely guy, you know what I mean? They just that's personalities. But the gospel doesn't have a personality. The go this message has the personality of Jesus Christ. So that's what's important. So God bless you. Let's fight the good fight of faith. Let's go forward. Let's be strong. Let's serve God with all our hearts. Amen. Billy Billy. &gt;&gt; You are my strength when I am weak. You are the treasure that I see. Oh, you are my ally. [Music] Seeking you as a precious sto. I want the Holy Ghost through. You are not all. Oh Jesus, [Music] you our God. Oh, worthy. [Music] Jesus, [Music] lamb of God, worthy is your glory. Oh, I'm taking my sin. I cross my shame. Rising empty. I bless your name. Oh, you are my heart. [Applause] [Music] When I fall down, you are when I am dry, you shield my you are my ally. Oh [Music] Jesus, you're [Music] worthy. [Music] Jesus [Music] of God. Oh worthy [Music] for me. You are worthy of it all. Oh, you are worthy of it all. Oh, and from you are all things. To you are all things. You deserve the glory. Oh, you are worthy of it all. [Music] You are worthy of it all. Oh, and from you are all things to all things. You deserve the glory. and all the saints and angels bow before your throne. [Music] All the elers cast the crown before the lamb. [Music] You are worthy of it. [Music] [Applause] [Music] You are all to me. You deserve the glory. &gt;&gt; Oh, you are worthy, Lord. You are worthy of your [Applause] [Music] worthy. [Music] You are all king. You deserve the glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. But Ranger, you just come and dismiss us tonight. We serve such a marvelous God. He knows how to set everything in order. If we only watch the path and follow, he'll certainly guide us to the promised land. Amen. [Music] [Music] How many can say tonight that it was good that we're in the house of the Lord? &gt;&gt; You know, I thank God for the word today. And why don't we just go to him in prayer? Heavenly Father, Lord, here we are, oh God. Just so grateful, Lord, that Lord, you had this in mind for us today, Lord, to bring a reality of where we're at in the season and time, Lord. And that you were so mindful to store up food for us, Lord. We say amen to the word, Lord. And Lord, it's touched our heart, Lord. And then we just Lord, will you inspire us more, Lord, to look to you every day, Lord, to make it special, Lord. Lord, we don't want to, Lord, take it for granted ever, Lord. Men have laid their lives down, Lord, following after your example, Lord. And Lord, help us, Lord, that we would redeem every moment, Lord, for you, Lord, that this word can take on flesh again, Lord. Not looking to someone else to do it, but Lord, what will you do in me, Lord? We thank you Lord for the inspiration of our pastor and thank you for directing us Lord to this reality once again. Father we pray your blessings upon those who have lost loved ones. Brother Jay and our sister Lucero. Lord we hearts go to them. Lord pray you give them wisdom and strength in this time. Lord, just pray God that heal the sick among us and bless our pastor and the different ones in the up and cominging week. Lord, we're certainly needy of you to continue to guide us. So, as we go our way, Lord, we ask you go with us. Inspire us in your word. And Lord, give us appetite, Lord, for more of you. Lord, we're committing ourselves to you in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. [Music] Amen. I wasn't made to be standing a grave. I was called by born and raised back to life again. I was made. [Music] Oh, why would I be of adding my shame when the fountain of grace is running my way? I know I am yours. I was faithful. I know I am. [Music] I know who you are. Oh, the cross of salvation was only [Music] now I am chosen. Oh, and free and forgiving. Oh, and I have a future and it's worth living. [Music] I was made to be tending the grave I was called by morning. I was faithful. [Music] Why would I be letting my sh of grace finding my way? I know I am yours. I was faithful. [Music] I know who I am. I know you are. Oh, and the cross of sales. Now I am chosen free and forgiven when I have a future and it's worth living. [Music] I was a man to be tanking the grave. I was called. &gt;&gt; Oh, and born and raised back to life. I was made. Why would I make a bed in my sh of finding my way? I know I am. I was thankful. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Dalia. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music]
