################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-11 - [2025-05-11pm] Confidence In The Guide  Br. David McGeary Jr. - David McGeary Jr.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-11
Title:   [2025-05-11pm] Confidence In The Guide | Br. David McGeary Jr.
Speaker: David McGeary Jr
Church:  Christian Life Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_7xPoBJ7AU
========================================

[Music] Thanks. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] Oh peace of God cover. Let's all stand and sing it. Oh, and cover me. Cover me. Oh, the peace of God cover me through the storm. Cover me. Oh, and peace of God. Oh me, cover me. Oh my peace of God, cover me through the storm. Cover me, Lord. Only you I am safe. Only you I'm secure. Only you I find peace. Cover [Music] me. Cover me. Oh, cover me when I am fighting. Come with me when I'm not strong. Cover me when I am moving through the [Music] soul. Comfort me when all sins fall. Comfort me when my strength is gone. And the peace of mind is all I [Music] understand. Cover [Music] me. Cover [Music] me. Amen. Amen. We want to cover by him tonight. Father Tommy, if you could just come and open our service in prayer. Amen. [Music] Let's just go before the Lord. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we so thank you, Lord, for your word and for the love that you show us, Lord. Lord, we pray your blessings upon the service, Lord. And Lord, we look forward to what you have for us, Lord. Lord, as we prepare our hearts for the word, Lord, may your spirit just come, Lord. And Lord, we're so grateful, Lord, to be in your presence, Lord. And Lord, as a word went forth this morning, Lord, we were all so blessed, Lord. And just blessed to be here once again, Lord, and receive what you have for us, Lord. Lord, we just pray your blessings upon the minister, Lord, and Lord, as a word goes forth, Lord, we just we just pray that our hearts would receive what you have for us, Lord. We just ask your blessings upon your word in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Want to welcome everyone back in the house of God. And you could turn around and welcome someone [Music] tonight. May God bless you. Have your seats. Oh my heavenly tone is bright and fair. I feel I'm traveling on. No pain, no death entering. I feel like traveling on. Oh, I feel like traveling on. Oh yes, I feel like traveling on. Oh, and my heavenly hope is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on colding time sound outside I feel like I like traveling in all my heavenly man shall be mine. I feel like traveling on. Oh, and I feel like traveling on. Oh, and yes, I feel like traveling on my heavenly home is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on will let others see hold me long I feel like I [Music] tr I feel I'm traveling Oh, I feel like traveling all. Oh, yes. I feel like traveling all my heavenly hope with pride and fear. I feel my tr for the Lord has made good to me. Hallelujah. Good to you. Hallelujah. Will I tell his blessing face I see? I feel like traveling all the way. I feel like traveling on. Oh, yes. I feel like Oh, and my heavenly hope is bright and fair. I feel like traveling on. And when the Savior call, I will answer. When he calls for me, I will hear. Oh, when the Savior call, I will answer. I'll be somewhere. Oh, thank my name. Oh, and I'll be somewhere. Oh, I'll be somewhere. Oh, listen. I'll be somewhere. Listen to my I'll be somewhere. I'll be somewhere. Oh, listen. I'll be somewhere. Holy [Music] Spir when he calls [Music] me listening for my I'll be [Music] somewhere I'll be somewhere listening for my name. I need somewhere that I [Music] always listen for my name. Oh, and if my road is when he cross my road is I will leave. Oh, and if my room is when he calls me, I'll be somewhere listening for my name. Oh, and I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere. Oh, listen. I'll be somewhere. Listening for my name. I'll be somewhere. Listening. I'll be somewhere. Oh, listening. I'll be somewhere for my name. Well, I'm a stranger. and break through this moment. Hallelujah. On my way to the great city. Oh, wonder. [Music] Oh my god. [Music] [Music] Life is free. Hallelujah. Heaven's [Music] open for me. Oh [Music] s. Oh mighty. Oh. Oh my. Oh Lord, I want to [Music] be when the saints go on. Oh, and when [Music] we just sing [Music] along. Hallelujah. [Music] Glory, glory. Oh, sing. Oh, I don't want to s. Oh, I don't want to sing. [Music] Oh, Lord. I want to be more than I ever [Music] for me. Oh, and I am before the sh [Music] Oh, I don't ever s Oh, I [Music] s Oh, I know I want to be like when I say to go sing once again when I for the children now. [Music] Oh, I [Music] to s [Music] Oh, when God sings, oh, Lord, I want you to be more than I [Music] go. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. I believe he's getting closer and closer every day. Amen. And the scripture says even as the day approaches that we should find ourselves gathering together. Amen. Amen. Our hearts on fire for him. Amen. That's why with desire man. We have an announce an announcement from brother Tim Saler said. Amen. If you have not signed up for the uh Sunday school picnic yet, please do so. The signup sheet is in the library. So for those that have not signed up yet, please do so. Um yeah. Amen. We read this this morning uh from brother Jose requesting uh prayer for brother Almanzo. He's 87 years old and he's sick and certainly pray for the Lord's healing touch. And from brother Tommy said for family we have lost another family member. God bless you all and thank you. It's my cousin Allan, but I just want to remember the family for strength from brother Jose again. And uh please pray for Miss Gail Pearson. She's sick in the hospital and she has stage four cancer and loss of memory. Amen. Pray that the Lord will give her healing and strength and to continue her journey. Amen. Amen. from uh Sister Kathalina. We read it this morning and requesting prayer for God's guidance for June uh Reyes and and and Rey Reyes and said the family uh upcoming military uh training. We certainly want to remember them even tonight. And I know there's many that are not here. We certainly want to remember them also. and whatever the need is. And Amen. If you're having it on your heart, just slip your hand up to him. Amen. We believe our gathering is not in vain. Amen. He said where two or three I gather in my name, I'll be there in the midst. And they certainly here to answer the needs of his people. Amen. The brothers that are taking the offerings. If you could come, brother Joseph, if you could just come and take this needs before the church. Amen. [Music] Lord Jesus, we come before you this evening. Father, we thank you for this time that we have together. Lord, gathered together in unity around the word. Lord Jesus, we thank you. Father, as together, Lord, we offer up, Lord, these requests, Lord, unto you, we just ask, Father, that you would take the faith of each and every individual, myself and all the saints together, Lord, that each person, Lord, who has made a request, Lord, will receive, Lord, healing in the body, Lord, guidance, Lord, in life and what to do, oh God, comfort in the time of need and loss in a family. Father, you know how to bring the comfort, Lord, in the healing and the need, Lord, and bring the answer just right, Lord. May each and everyone, Lord, who has asked, Father, just have it in their hearts, Lord, to receive to receive the answer for their petition, Lord, just in the way, Lord, that you will choose to send it. Father ask Lord that you would open their eyes that they will see Lord that you that you do answer Father that you never turn down a request that you answer every single one. We just ask Father that each of their hearts Lord will be have that tenderness and connection with you oh Father that they will recognize Lord when you come by their way and answer their requests. Now Father we commit the tithes and offerings of to be received into your hands this evening name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. All heaven proclaim the glory of the reason. No can compare. [Music] Oh, and amazing of the Lord. Oh, and forever [Music] he the lamb of God. [Music] Oh, and I gladly bend my knees to worship you. Oh, I will [Music] proclaim the glory of the reason. Oh my [Music] slave to act to God forever. You will be forever. You will be the lamb upon the throne. The lamb upon the throne. I gladly made my king to worship you alone when I proclaim. [Music] Oh, and the glory of the reason lamb go was a [Music] slave. Oh, and to consider hand to God. Forever he will be. Forever you will be. The lamb upon the throne. The lamb upon the throne. I can make my [Music] knees to worship you. Just sing it one more time and I won't proclaim. Oh, I will proclaim. Oh, and the glory of You believe he's risen. Hallelujah. Oh my slave. Oh, and to [Music] reconcile to God forever. You will be. Oh, and the lamb upon the throne. Oh, and I gladly bend my [Music] knees to worship [Music] you. My bird of life sells on the tr sea. Oh, at the way in my s. Oh my heavenly father, he watches over me. Oh, and when the grace turns into Oh, I know the master of. Oh yes, I know. I know the rain. [Music] Oh, and he can come the storm to make the sun to shine [Music] again. Let's all stand and sing it as we junior. Amen. Oh, sometimes I saw like an eagle in the sky. Oh, and I'm on the peaks my soul can be found. Oh, and an unexpected soul. Reaching quietly from the heart. Oh, and it may bring me up, but he will never bring me down. Oh, I know the master of the Hallelujah. Oh, yes, I know. I know the maker of the bra. He can call me. He can come and make the sun shine again. I know. Let's just approach the master together. Our gracious heavenly father, the greatest privilege is to know you. to know you as the one who's has calmed the storms of our life. And Father, who's called us your own. And Lord, that's truly the peace that passes understanding, Lord. When we sing, it's it's more than a song, Lord. It's a reality. And Father, we even know that nature itself obeys you, Lord. And we have a complete confidence in your love towards us. And Lord, as we've gathered here tonight, I just ask that you'd have preeminence amongst your people. Father, that you would be the one that communes with our hearts, Lord. After this morning's service, Lord, what a liberty we should have in you to recognize our position, that we are your bride, Father, that it's you that started the work. You're still pulling. You're still drawing, Father. That there's a place and a position that is ours that you've made possible. May we just enjoy this time of fellowship together, Lord. Be with all the mothers, Lord. each one and those who can be here, those who are even traveling on the road now to be in different places. Ask you just bless their travels and be with them in the precious name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. We pray and ask these things. Amen. While you're standing, if you turn in your Bibles with me, I'm going to read out of First John. That's uh should be right before the book of Revelations. Tucked right in there. 1 John chapter 2. We're just going to read a portion uh verse 27 uh through 28 or just verse 27. But the anointing which ye have received of him abideth in you, and ye not that any man teach you, but as the same anointing teacheth you all things and is truth, and is no lie, and even it hath taught you, ye shall abide in him. God bless you. You may be seated. Let's ask the Lord quicken that to you. The thought that I would like to fellowship with you on it, it just really struck my heart in different things this morning, but is confidence in the guide. You you have to recognize what it is that we possess and and what it is that uh the way that God would lead us and what we've come into possession of of this day is I believe God's provided way. I I would say that we've received the guide in our day as a prophetic ministry. The only thing that could tell you your day, your position, the hour you live in was absolutely ne a necessity that God would send Malachi 4:5, Elisha the prophet, the message of William Brandham, however you would refer to it, the message. But in the imparting of that, recognizing your day and your message, it would do no good if you didn't recognize what you've come into possession of that it's declared you to be a son of God. And I I would even say this is uh the proclamation of what the message says is possible of you. Says, I'm so glad that a man can so completely serve God till he the devil don't know what to do with him. That's right. Just obey God so completely till the devil said, "Oh my, get away. I don't want to hear it no more." That's right. You can do it so completely. So we have a promise in this day that you can so completely yield your vessel to God that the devil don't even know what to do with you. If it it the way I see it is when brother Brandon would take the rapture text. He says in the secret place of the pavilion you've hidden me. We've been ministered that entrance. You can be so hid away in Christ where the devil don't even know what to do with you. He's just he just looks at you and he says, "But I've thrown everything I can at him. I've I've shown confusion. I I've thrown his genetics. I've thrown his family history. I've thrown everything I can at him. Why doesn't he just accept that this promised land isn't for him? How come he can believe in the face of all the world and all the adversity, that he's a son of God? Doesn't he recognize he's earthbound, that he that he he's of this world and he can't obtain to the things of God? Why doesn't he accept my reality? It's because you've heard from a heavenly theophony. you you have you're obeying the word of God that's that proclaims to you what your land is and that you possess it and it is a inward guide. So what you possess is the spirit that will lead and guide you into all truth and righteousness. I felt a little rebuke this morning because my brother touched on if you go back and listen to the other church age old ministers, old church age messengers, you'll find that those people were living in a partial truth and you it will not satisfy you. A matter of fact, you actually feel regret that that was what they had to live under. And you could actually appreciate how all desired to live in this day. They all had glimpses of truth. They all did their best to walk in the truth and they and they they did face the challenge for their day. They did have an anointing that was to overcome the challenge of their day. But we stand in a day of full possession. We don't have to just settle for a partial victory, but we have a complete victory. We don't have to settle for part of the promised land, but we've been equipped to be able to look back and see everything, all the trials, all the adversities, everything that people have gone through and say, I'm not going to fall to that trap. The son of preditions exposed. He's not going to get me to rest in a place of religious complacency. I'm not going to accept an intellectual understanding of it, but I have to have a Holy Ghost quickening power of God in my life. I'm not just going to settle with an academic understanding of the message, but I'm going to wanted it to live in the power and demonstration of the Holy Ghost. I I'm not settled with just knowing the land from a from a map, but I want to go visit my mountain. I want to I want to apprehend it. I want to see what the view is from the mountaintop, sir. I don't want to just read about it as some poetry, but I want to experience it. And we've been given that. I mean, I I tell you what, brother Brandon would stand in the place where he would say he'd been to hell and he had been to heaven. And for him to be able to bring us back a vision, a future home of the heavenly bride to tell you what it's like, I want to be there. I don't want to miss it. So, we we actually have to recognize that there's a an enemy that wants to keep you from taking possession of everything that's yours. And and the possession is now. So, what is the Holy Ghost? It's the promised land. It it so we have not entered into the millennium. We haven't entered we're not done fighting, but we are been put in a place where there's battles to be fought and to be won. And and I would say that uh what you have to recognize too is is there's a there's a thirst and there's a desire. And the greater the desperation, the greater desire, the greater the contrast. So as you get into the spirit, as you would uh as you would start to recognize an eternal draw, I would say it starts to set a a a a void that only God can satisfy. And that's the most dangerous place for anybody to set is once they've made a decision for God. Once they've done once they've made a stand and say, "Lord, I recognize and in obedience to your word, I have done this." Now the get now you got the devil's attention. That's right. He's like, "Could that be could that be another one?" Now I' I've gotten many that come to this point of decision, but could this be a son of God? And so now I I I witnessed to this guy in Bise. He said, "David, the more God loves me, the more Satan offers me." He recognized that there's a pool that only God could satisfy. Every single time he comes up to that place, what do you think's there? Some other offer, some other supernatural satisfaction. What is it that's guiding you? Because that that is the point that you have to recognize that now you stand in the place of what guide are you going to accept? You you are now in the place that you are in a valley of decision and you need a guide and you have one. If you listen and you're honest with your heart, you have a guide. So, we're all sheep. We're all going to follow something. You are made to be led. You don't have an option. You will be led by something. And you have to know who's leading you. Who all wants to sign up to be in the DMER party? Sign me up. I feel that's still a great name to give the restaurant hostess is the DMER party. Anybody gets the joke? If those who don't know what the DMER party was, well, the short story is is it was a tragic story. Some of them survived, but they had a guide who misjudged the time in the season. And he thought they could make a mountain pass before winter set in. They settled for taking the easy way, the way that maybe was uh it just seemed the easy way. And so when they settled for having this guide take him the easy way, it was to their peril. It was to their detriment. It's one of the a very well doumented occurrence how they wintered it out, how they strived it. There's a lot of tells how when when the when there was people who recognized the DMER party was stranded, there's men who who sacrificed their lives and risked everything to get to those people to help him. So there in the midst of that tragedy, there's there's there's story stories that are pretty incredible about the love that a man has for another that he'll lay down his life that he'll risk everything to save someone else. And I believe that's the epitome of the character of Christ is when man's willing to risk their lives for others and and and to help someone that's in need. But what you have to recognize, I don't feel the man meant to lead them astray. Nobody knew the pearl that was ahead of them. But it's very important you recognize that there's a false guide. And a way seemth right unto a man, but the end thereof is death. And if you lean to your own understanding, there's death. There's death in the pot. just your the intellectual exercise of anything even those things which are good does not produce life. It has to have a quickening power. It has to have a Holy Ghost. It has to have the inward teacher. It has to have the guide because as we read in our text, the anointing which ye have received of him abideth in you. So, I love this because an anointing is an outward thing, but he goes ahead and summarizes it. It's not just an outward thing. It abideth in you. So what the effectual difference is is that the anointing abideth in you. I remember even as a young man be having experiences with God just and I feel it's the job question. You sit there and you go Lord I don't want to leave this. This is the most perfect sublime place. I don't want to even walk out of the church. I don't want to leave this atmosphere. I this is where I belong. This is the place for me. And when you recognize that that now dwells in you, that I will never leave you. I will not forsake you, but I'll be with you even in you, we have a a beautiful blessing and understanding that it is Christ that abides in you. It's not a third person of the trinity, but it's the Lord Jesus Christ with you, even in you. And he's promised he would never leave you. So it that's that's beyond your feeling. That's beyond your emotion. That's beyond your mind's physical ability to comprehend. And if you would recognize the presence of Christ with you, you would not do the things often that we do if you recognized he was there. So I believe that if you would accept the guide, he would be telling you, I'm with you. A guide is needed when you've never gone away before. So the the I would say maybe another way of alternating this around is pride would be the thing that says I got this. I don't need a guide. So pride has no need of a guide. Does that rhyme? Pride has no need of a guide. So when you write when if you think you do just do the math, okay? The men don't pull over, ask for directions, whatever. You know, there's a lot of things to but I want you to grasp on something. Let it sink in. If you haven't humbled yourself and say, "Lord, I do not have this." Then you do think you've got it and you're not accepting a guide. You may that's that that uh that have need of nothing mentality we spoke about the last time we ministered. But you have to recognize your dependence on the guide. When you wake up in the morning, the prayer should be, "Lord, lead my steps today. If I go the way I think I should go, no good will come of it." Maybe your your hand will preserve me, but I want to be a lifegiver. I want to be someone who shines a light. I don't want to just make my way through and make it because I'm going to make it, but I want to be the very source of life to somebody else. You can't do that without a guide because someone's following you. Someone's watching you. So, you are going to be the Christ to somebody. You're going to be somebody's guide. So, what do you want people to see? Christ in you. Okay. So that's what the very ability to impart eternal life is not your ability. That's Christ in you. So we want to recognize not only does the the guide leading uh impact me but it impacts everybody else around me. Amen. Ye have not need that any man teach you, but as the same anointing teacheth you all things, and is truth, and is no lie, and even as he that taught you, ye shall abide in him. Now, I I would say that there's there's probably those kids right now if they're quick, they're like, "Mom, dad, I have no need of homeschooling anymore because the scripture says I have no need." I that reminds me actually once I was converted I printed out a whole bunch of quotes and took it to my vice principal and told her how a woman shouldn't assurp authority over a man and uh a little zeal. Okay. So you could misapply this word and and say that you have no need of a teacher if you're just to carnally undertake this exercise. It's like, "Yes, I got the scripture I was looking for. I'm my own man now. I don't have need of anybody. Thank you, brother David. Can you stop here?" We're not stopping. So, in Ephesians 4:11, he says, "And he gave some apostles and some prophets and some evangelists and some pastors and teachers for the perfecting of the saints that work in the ministry of the edifying the body of Christ." Well, David, I thought you said you had no man teach you anything. I would tell you right now is if you haven't seen Christ in this message yet and if you haven't seen Christ in the five-fold ministry yet you're missing the whole thing. If the as our brother ministered this morning, if you haven't seen Jesus Christ declared that he is here, then you're missing the whole thing. When you look at your brother and your sister and the confidence that we should have in one another, the the fact that iron sharpeneth iron, the fact that there should be some levity to the wishes and desires of your brothers and sisters is because it should be Christ in them that you're seeing. And if you've discounted that of none effect, you've judged yourself. You should be subject one to another. when when a brother comes to you in the spirit of Christ and submits to you your heir and your folly and I would say this if you haven't achieved the position of doing that you only sit in the sk of the scornful you've identified yourself as not being spiritual are those who spiritual understand the scripture that says ye who are spiritual because you're not spiritual you can't go to those who are an air you've you're just in need of skim milk. That's the seed of the scornful. So if you're so critical that you don't recognize your brother and sister as being a part of the body of Christ, but you can't go to them and restore such a one, then you are not spiritual. This is a math lesson. Sorry, I didn't mean to be critical, but um myself, but just be be mindful. You you don't want to be caught in the seat of the scornful and the seat of the car of critical and not be able to restore such a one. Have confidence that the guide that's in you see once you have discernment it's having the character to know what to do with the discernment. And one place brother Brandham says you love him enough to pray for him but do you love him enough to go to him and tell him something? I was like okay so I can't just leave it at prayer. You mean if I love him enough, I have to be willing to do more than just pray for him. I need to be willing to go to him and say something. Well, that's a burden maybe that you're meant to bear. You need to you need to work through that one until you get in the right spirit and the right atmosphere and be able to go to such a one. There's a labor there. There's a that's a that's a giving of your life and laying it down for the sake of others. You risk your own self to be able to break through and come to the place where you can minister life to somebody else. So it's not that when we recognize that you have no need that man teaches you. It's not that man's doing the teaching. It's Christ the anointed word in your brother and sister in the five-fold ministry and in you. So the the title is confidence in the guide. It's he that is in you is greater than he that is in the world. So when Israel left Egypt for the promised land in Exodus 13:21, God knowed that they had never traveled that way before. It was only 48 miles, yet they needed something to go with them. They'd lose their way. And I would say that there's there's a fear of the unknown. That's one of the things that if you if they would have recognized who was with them, who was leading them, there would have been no murmuring. There would have they would have recognized that they had received the very thing that was to take them over into the promised land. And and though they would face an obstacle, though there would be a dry land, though they would run up against being thirsty and where's the food, they would have had a complete confidence that they'd received the message to take them into the promised land. So you have to recognize the God of your deliverance, the God that brings you out of Egypt is the same God that is going to lead and guide you. It so I there's a deliverance to be made real to you. And I trust that all of in some way recognize the hand of deliverance in your life because I believe that's what David would do when he would face Goliath is is encourage himself in the Lord where the Lord had made himself real to him as the as the God that would defeat the lion and defeat the bear. And you have to know God by experience. This gospel doesn't have another place. You cannot have the faith delivered to you without God making himself real to you personally as an individual. there. This I'm so thankful that is God's provided way and and I and if you haven't received it, the glorious thing is cry cry out for it. Ask God who's faithful and just. If any man lacks wisdom, ask the father. He'll give it to you. But when you have fear of the unknown, it's a fear puralizes. Fear is something that would would would make you ineffective in the body of Christ. So in Matthew chapter 6:25, I feel this is is a great thing. This is coming after he talks about you can't serve mammon and God. Mammon being the cares of the world for the things of the world. It's more than just money. Mammon meaning money. But it also talks about just worldly goods. Anything of this world and its materialism is a is mammon. and and Jesus comes through speaking of mam and how you can't serve two masters that you can't have your heart set upon the affections of the world and and on the things of God because you're going to despise one and serve the other. And then he comes through to something that really should help us recognize how there should be a lack of fear in our lives. This is Matthew 6 verse 25 if you want to put that up. Thank you. Therefore, I say unto you, take no thought for your life, what you shall eat, or what you shall drink, nor yet for your body, what you shall put on. Is not the life more than meat, and the body than raignment. Behold the fowls of the air. For they sow not, neither do they reap, nor gather into barns, yet your heavenly Father feedth them. Are ye not much more than they? Which of you by taking thought can add one cubit unto his stature? I wish that was possible. The leprechaun here would be six inches taller, but you can't. You and that and that's spiritual too. You cannot increase your stature through an intellectual exercise. And why take ye thought for remnant? Consider the liies of the field, how they grow. They toil not, neither do they spin. And yet I say unto you, that even Solomn in all of his glory was not a raid like one of these. Wherefore, if your God so clothe the grass of the field, which is to today is, and tomorrow is cast into the oven, shall he not much more than clothe you? Oh ye of little faith. Therefore, take no thought, saying, "What shall we eat, or what shall we drink, or what with all shall we be clothed?" For all these things do the Gentiles seek. For your heavenly Father know that ye have need of all these things. But seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness, and all these things shall be added unto you. Take therefore no thought for the tomorrow, for the tomorrow shall take thought for the things of itself sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof. And we completely got rid of all the career counselors and all the counselors at school and we just did what was that? We just doed a lot of people out of an out of a job by reading this scripture. All the psychologists have been dismissed. The whole fear industry was just obliterated by Jesus Christ. And if you can walk out and you could see the grass, the gospel speaks to you. It's still there and it's still growing and it's going to get watered. And what did it do? Just be who it is. And you are a son and daughter of God. You don't have to fear what man can do unto you. If there's fear, cast it out. He's put a guide inside of you. What does it what's grass do? It just drinks up and it pushes out. Have confidence in the thirst that he's put in you. He's not going to lay any temptation on you more than you can bear. If you're feeling a draw, I got your answer. It's right here. You just go get in there and get fed. You get in there and you drink it up. Put on a tape. But I'll tell you, when you've made a stand, you've served an eviction notice on the devil. So don't be dismayed that when you've done that your part to testify, when you've made a stand, you've done something because you know it's right. You've recognized the goodness of God in your life and you just want to do something. So you do what you know to do. You've swept the house. You've done something to make room. Don't give up in that position. Now you need to claim the promise. Now you need to recognize the what it is that's taken place and do not let yourself be satisfied by a substitute. But you but uh you can have confidence that Christ is the answer. So it's the worldly cares. What is it that why did I tie that here? Because it's the worldly cares that choke out that thirst. It's when you think you need to take a thought for self-preservation. You have no guarantee that you drive the car good enough to get home. Brother Brandham himself said it's the other guy you got to watch out for. You're not controlling that other guy. You have a heavenly father that is looking out after you. You can rest and have a confidence in that. You have to recognize the pattern of it. You have to have a recognition that without him you're nothing. You were nothing when he found you. You're still nothing. And that he's the watchman. He's the guide. So where do we want our attention? We want to be looking to Christ. You know, if you if you're looking to the wrong things, you can't receive the answer. You're distracted. You know, it there's a point where your focus when you seek first the kingdom of heaven, then everything else could be added unto you. So, there's a thing that I would say we have them a local guide. It's somebody who knows the land. If I was uh maybe gonna outback in North America, I would not go hide hire a guide that does safaris and be like, "Hey, man, what mushroom can we eat? We're here. We're in North America and you're a guide. You're a safari guide. I got one of the best guides there are." But he's not a local guide. He's never been this way before. He's not been in the land. We have the benefit of having a church age messenger who stood in this day faced the spirits that you faced and told you how to overcome and how to recognize the devil in every trick. You have a local guide. So what is it what is it that uh it it kind of reminds me uh of a of a tragedy. I forget the exact name of I think there's been some writing on it, but it was a young man who his parents were wealthy and he was a he was in college and he was wellto-do and and I I feel that he came up against every son and daughter of God who recognizes a call for something more in their life. I believe he came to that place of recognizing I'm not just going to take what's given to me. I need to find myself. And in that he he he he to he he he fell out of the relationship with his parents. He told them he didn't want their money. He dropped out of school and he hitchhiked his way to Alaska. And he had a guide book that told them uh what was the edible plants in Alaska and he felt that he could make it by with this guide book. and he set out in the time, I believe, of of of spring. And he made it uh out and he found a a bus that was a bus that was left by some uh from prospectors, some minors, and um he started to live by this guide book, but he wasn't getting enough substance to keep him strong. And he didn't recognize it, but he was getting weaker and weaker. And through this, he turned his heart where he wanted to be back with family. He recognized, if you will, he had a a way be a little word where where he came to himself. He wanted to be he was keeping a journal and he wrote a line something in there like family. And they extracted from that that obviously his mind, his thoughts, he had turned to family. And he went to leave where he was at, but it was fall and the waters had risen. And so the path that he had taken out to isolation, he couldn't go back the same way. The river was too wide and he was too weak to cross it. And he traveled back to the bus and he would write making his peace with man and just different things. And he would write and he perished in that bus. And the tragedy of it is is if he would have known just downstream, I think it was within three miles, there was a cable wire bridge. If there would have been a local guide that could have told him, his life could have been spared. And if you don't recognize that this message is your lifeline, and you're going to despise what it's offering you, you will perish. You may think you're making it on your own, but you're getting weaker and weaker and weaker. And when you need to escape, you're going to find out you're just too weak. That's true. But I I believe he's a present help in a time of need. We can take a lesson from that. We don't want to be uh stuck without. But in recognizing that Christ is in our fellow man, that it's Christ in you, that we that it's iron that sharpenth iron, and then there's a local guide. One of the things I thought of is that there's a pastor of the home, that it's Christ in the mother, that she's tutoring the kids, that she's teaching them. Brother Brandham said she's a pastor of the home. And just to go through some scriptures that even would say that, it says, "Children, obey your parents in the Lord, for it is right. Honor your father and your mother, which is the first commandment with promise that it may be well with you and with that you may live long on the earth. It says even to honor your mother. Happy Mother's Day when she's old. This Proverbs 23 is my birthday. You know, it's the 23rd 23rd Proverbs. There's a lot of things and admonishment in there. It tells me to respect my mother and to honor my mother and to not forget her. But that's almost seems oldfashioned nowadays, you know. Is it is it that even that the Jews when they made the gospel of none effect, one of the things they said they could do is they could just give the money and take the parents off the you know, here's here's a little money. We're even. You raised me and so to call it even and this is a gift unto God. So you can't ask for it in return. So this is a gift of God and you can ask of me no more and here's money we're even. And they would even divorce their hearts from their own parents and not even take into account the love of Christ that should be in them. There's things that we could recog that we could if you don't even recognize the Christ that birthed you, the Christ that gave you your life, and now you think you could just go at it alone. I That's the That's the detriment. That's the substitute is when you've come so far, you've come out of Egypt, you're like, don't have a taskmaster beating my back no more. I'm good. And you're just going to be a Midianite. You're just going to set on the other side of the Jordan. You're not going to cross over. You're not going to go into full possession. We're good enough. The goats are happy here. The goats can make it. The goats can feed. We're good. We're going to stay here. There's a there's a detriment in setting towards a a settling in not taking a full possession. And it's because you don't recognize that he who's leading you wants to take you further. There's a guide that you have to be yielded to that you have to be willing to follow. You can't be complacent. Just going to do a little reading here. This is out of the guide. What we need is the oldfashioned godscent scalding religion that will scald the worldliness out of the church. I thought we were getting some good good that this morning. We need to come back to the Holy Ghost and fire. Back to the thing that burns out the dross. Back to the oldfashioned preaching. Back when heaven is high and hell is hot, gun barrel straight. We need that kind of preaching. But you do it today, your congregation will vote you out. Sometimes good preachers, I got to be careful. You don't think our pastor isn't without the enemy that when he goes to take a step further in Christ and wants to press the press further that the devil ain't there trying to stand against it. He'll use snotty-nosed kids and everything else to do it. Sometimes good no good good preachers are led astray by the congregation. Woo. So I'm glad he just doesn't listen to every little opinion that comes up that thinks it needs to make its way to the pastor. And in and this does say something. Sometimes good preachers are led astray by their congregation. That's the reason I have no denomination. I have no headquarters. That's from heaven. Wherever he sends there I go. Whatever he says, I say we don't want no denomination. This church ever talk about denomination, you've lost your pastor right then. I want hang around it. No, not five minutes. Well, man, we just like to organize stuff. Well, I do have news for you. The way we received this message, there's one sovereign head of the local assembly. That's the pastor. If you want something else done another way, you want denomination. you're here. I wouldn't hang around it not even five minutes. Every church that ever denominated went to the seed and tell one that didn't and tell me one ever arose and that's Christ in the pastor. Just so you know. And if you don't believe that, you should leave. You ain't doing anybody any favors. Sorry. You should stay until you get the revelation that that is Christ using the shepherd. because he would get on to me for saying that. Okay, so we're all at different places. Please recognize Christ in your pastor. He's the one who's ordained to see you through. And he would say that uh you know, he wouldn't want to take that, but God's called him and appointed him and given the eyesight and given them the vision and and pastors will go out on a limb. And I tell you what, they can't help it. So I tell if you think your pastor's gone astray somewhere, be spiritual and get to the lamb that's on the limb before they do. So you don't have to reproach them for getting all brier poked getting some lamb out of a bush. We're a large enough body that we should be able to go tend to some of those things instead of criticizing the pastor for going out on a limb. Not saying our pastor's guilty of it, but a lot of the times the criticism isn't the pastor's fault. It's the sheep's fault. It's because the people who have enough discernment to recognize something's wrong don't have enough spirituality to go address it. Go be your brother's keeper. Don't you know who wasn't? The Holy Spirit is sent to lead the church, not some group of men. The Holy Spirit is all wisdom. Men get starchy, indifferent. God help our indifference. That's all I'm really trying to say. God told them that he would send them a guide. He would lead them in the way. And as long as they followed the pillar fire, that was all right. He led them up to the promised land gate. And then that was as far as he was to go. Then Joshua, the great warrior, remember the day that told him, "Sacrifice yourself the third, sanctify yourself the third day. God's going to open up the Jordan down here and we're going to going to cross. Now, watch what he said. I like this in the scripture. He said, "Stay close behind the ark for you're not you've not passed this way before." What was the ark? The word. Don't travel your denominational routes now. Stay right behind the word because you haven't passed this way before. And brother, if there is ever a time that and this is this is just this morning, this quote I feel fits because we should recognize the significance. But uh wherever a time that the Christian church ought to examine itself is right now. We're right now where the great meeting is going on in Rome right now. Differences are being made. the the confederation of the churches when all the denominations are confederated together in the form of the image of the beast. Just exactly what the Bible says. And you know what he said the morning of the message and that was in the morning he preached a stature of a perfect man. And there here we are right everything right at the door and people still following after creed. And you better stay behind the word. The word will lead you across because the word is Christ. Christ is God and God is the Holy Ghost. Stay behind the word. Oh yes. Stay with that guide. Stay right behind it. Don't get in front of it. You stay behind it. Let it lead you. Don't you lead it. You let it go. Joshua said, "Now you've never passed this way before. You know nothing about the road." That's the trouble today. You don't need no guide to guide you down the road. Oh, you know all the al this this is something the way he puts us. Oh, you know all the alleys and everything else. You know all the ways to sin. I mean, I could tell you how to do worldly things. I have an intellectual carnal understanding because I'm at I'm of this world. The things that I have by experience. We could tell you how to do worldly things. I could I mean, not worthy of repeating, but all of you in your own ways could probably be like, man, this is how you download a movie free. Go to this site, do this. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. This is how you can do this. This is how you can do that. Right now, there's things of carnal, just worldly significance that are sinful that every single one of you have retained in your knowledge. And if you're not, come spend time with me. I like your kind of company. But every single one of us, you know all the ways to sin. Oh, you've been around a long time. There's no need of somebody trying to tell you about that. You know all the shortcuts. That's right. Every sin, you know all about it. Nobody has to tell you how to steal. You know that. Nobody has to tell you how to curse. You know that. Nobody has to tell you. You know the flip the switch. I know how to go home and be a good kid. And I know how to I'm a new per I'm a new person. I know how to do all this stuff. Nobody has to tell you how to steal. You know that. Nobody has to tell you how to curse. You know that. Nobody has to tell you how to do these evil things because it's posted on every tree everywhere. You know, that's quite the terminology. Posted on every tree everywhere. Huh? But remember you people that's Christians, you've crossed over. You're in another land. You're born again. You're in a land, a heavenly land. You're in the promised land. You can't look. You know your way around here. Oh yes, you know what? how to stand in a certain hand of cards, you know what the dice, you know what rolls, what it means, and everything like that. But when it comes to holiness and righteousness and the power of God and how the Holy Spirit operates and what it does, you better stay right behind the word, the guide, you never passed this way before. Well, you say, "I was pretty smart, man. I have two degrees." And he just goes on down just skipping down to 66. But you're born again and you've been born into holiness. You've not passed this way before. You've if you pass this way, you have come through holiness because it's a new land, a new life, and a new people. You come to church, you hear somebody raise up, call her. Well, he goes he goes and I experienced that once in a Menite church. I said, "Amen." I couldn't help it. The guy said something good, and I got the I was like, "Oh, that's what he was talking about." Um, but he he goes on and says, "Stay behind the word." And if you've been born again, that is the anointed word in you. That's Christ. That's your guide. It has let you know. It knows the land. It knows the possession that you're to have. Just as much as you could understand that there's a carnal reality and an understanding of someone could help you and understand things, you've been given the inward teacher that is to lead and guide you. It's the anointed word faith. You have to have confidence in the birth that you've received and where it's taken you. It's a promised land. It's ours. And it it that is that desire that down deep in every side of one of you that's desiring the supernatural. Your carnal being doesn't desire the supernatural. The seed of God in you desires the supernatural. What we heard this morning was even the supernatural breaking of the word of God. That's supernatural. You desire to be able to feed upon the body word of Christ. That's supernatural. I'd say that's even the one of the more astounding supernatural things that we take to granted even to what our pastor was saying. We become fat. The word of God is broken to us supernaturally when we gather together. And sometimes we just discount what the effect of it should be in our lives. It's a transforming word. That's to take your very being, your very mind. It's to wash it, purify it, and bring you in the very image of Christ. That's the the the long. It's a deep call to the deep. It's Christ in you. It's supernatural. It it's the faithful are the wounds of a friend. When it when the word comes in its cutting, that's because that's that's Christ in you. Not being willing to be complacent, but there's change. It's the power of the seed to transform it is within the seed. So what is the death? What's the shedding? What's the shock that it's getting rid of? This other false identity, the thing that looks that could if it was to stay just in the religious form could look good enough to to look to to play the part, but there's a sea gene inside of me that's willing to go to the threshing floor, that's willing to have the shuck beat off of me. I'm willing to I'm willing to die that the flesh part would die that it would shed that it would bear forth Christ the seed word that you would see the word in its true reality that it would go back to the very thing that was intended to bear but religion would leave you with a lifeless seedless false epitome and I'd say don't settle to satisfy that thirst with anything else but a complete revelation ation of Jesus Christ and who you are. I I have confidence in the transforming power of that thirst if it's directed properly in the word of God that it'll come to fruition. You know, there's there's a condemnation that's of the devil that leads to separation from God. I've said this before. You should be able to discern something that's trying to separate you from the only thing that can help you. And if it's the devil, put it under your foot. You have no need to accept a condemnation that tells you you're not a son of God, that you're not bride. If it's telling you that you have another identity, that's the devil. That's right. This word tells you your promised land is a son and daughter of God. That you're a daughter of God, a son of God, and you've been given to possess all things. We live in the day of taking a body change. We live in a day of being able to claim the entire possession where my very mind can be completely washed so much that I lose my worldly identity and I have a complete identity in Jesus Christ that don't even think of myself as the son of David and Lesie McGary that I recognize that I'm a son of God that my first account I don't have a family allegiance I don't have an Irish allegiance I don't have you know one of the things that even when I recognized don't want here. We're just going to go there. But when I realized my Irish heritage and what had happened and the injustices of time and the social justice now I'm 13 years old. I don't even know what year that is. 76 plus 13 for those who want a long time ago. I'm in the 80s. We read newspapers. You might be able to subscribe to a news group and get an email with something on it. Like you guys just don't understand. When you had to research things, you had to go to the library and get a book. We would go to the library and you get rolodex. You have the things where you pull out the cards and you look at the card number and you go, "Okay, this is this and this." And I would go get books and I'd read about my Irish heritage. And I I learned that the Irish were the first indentured servants in America and the Irish this and the Irish that. And buddy, I had my sense of social justice. I and and I and just I'll say this to my shame, but just so you understand, I was willing to go strap a bomb to myself and go blow myself up to kill some British soldiers and I'm being dead serious and I was like, "No one will see me coming. I'm off the books." You talk about lone wolf, where did the American kid come from? Who indoctrinated him? Now you look at all the hate that's being pumped out there and so readily accessible. Saints, you have no idea what this world's in for without an anchor. It she's done. It's full of neurotics. And when you and and and you know, you think that this thing is going to be what you're using in 10 years. You think this got your hook in you, you don't if you can't withstand this, you can't stand what's coming. You better get the Holy Ghost. You better get a guide. You better not get so weak you can't get out. God help us. Why perish? Why perish? There's no excuse. There's absolutely no excuse. The son of predition has been entirely revealed. Every single religious trick of the devil. And you want to accept some religious barabus, some denominational thinking, some self pat on the back. That's what when you sell Christ short, you've accepted your own denomination. That's right. You've accepted a denominational barabus. It could be a one-man denomination, but you know what it says? I'm good enough. Right? And you've crucified Christ aresh and his blood is on your hands. Because he's the anointed word. Christ is the anointed word. Amen. Sweet. It's 6:13. Praise the Lord. He would say this. He says, "Jesus is on your hands of the people. It's on the hands of the church. What will you do with this Jesus that's called the anointed word? That Christ means the anointed word. See a murderer. Would you desire a denominational murderer of the word than the innocent Christ? Would you crucify? Would you dare take a Barabus? Could you call for Barabbus? How dare anyone do that to call for Barabus, the murderer of the word? Then take the word itself, which is life, and it's on your hands. You think you could pet a denominational devil that keeps people in bondage that gives them an antirist, a false way of salvation? Which one of those denominations presents the true liberty of Jesus Christ? Which one of them tells them their names were written on the lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world? Which one of them tells them that their identity is in Christ? That it's predestinated. You were forained to eternal life. That if you ever had eternal life, you always had it. Predestination is a dirty word. You know why? Because it takes makes the makes their fear-mongering useless. you if you recognize the trap that somebody's in, you would want to get them out of it. But you'll call for that. But there's people the people who go back to that if are the ones who called for Barabouist and crucified Christ Aresh. Amen. So, brother Brandon would tell this story and I it's something that I I feel that just brings some significance because I do feel that the guide that's in you uh the way that it works is he is is through hunger is through thirst. So there has to be a way that the guide would work. And not only is it through correction, not only through is it through the word, not o only is it through plainless of speech, but because it's a heart affair and what he's really interested in your character, one of the things that he works through is things that they start to manifest in our spirit and in our emotions. Okay? And so you have to recognize when you start to become unsettled when there are thing I I found this to be very much the case when I was a teenager is the thing I I don't even know if I finished that story but anyways I was poisoned and uh and my adolescence on just think of it I had more of an identity with my Irish heritage. I was plastic Irish. Okay. I I I I had Bobby Sand shirts. He's a guy by the way died of a hunger strike in the Irish prison. Um, I I had more of an identity with a culture I'd never even been to. I have never even been in Ireland, but I was I was having an identity with that. Um, because what was I? I was a son of God wanting an identity with a land that I'd never been before. So, what was the substitute? Right? So there was that what I couldn't deny and couldn't manage was that there was a cry that had to be satisfied. Okay. So what you first and foremost have to recognize that anything that you're going through in this flesh is has a look back to the scripture for the scriptural significance of what's taking place. Your identity that you should be finding is in Christ. So, brother Brandham says emotion won't do it. You might jump up and down and shout as long as you want to or you might run up and down the floor. You may speak in tongues as much as you want in them things and holy and I don't say you do nothing like that but until you meet the person that satisfying portion that something that takes every fiber in your body not by emotion but by satisfaction used to be a little sign said if you're thirsty say parfait used to be a little drink when I was a boy called parfait I remember coming down the road oh from fishing I had been up in the pond ond old stagnant waters and I'd been starved to death and I seen a sign said if you if you're thirsty just say parfait I started saying parfait parfait parfait parfait parfait if you're thirsty say parfait parfait well the world tells you a lot of things say parfait parfait parfait well it said if you're thirsty say parfait parfait Hey, this ain't working. I'm getting thirsty. But it said, but it said if you're thirsty, say parfait. If you're thirsty, if you're thirsty. If you're thirsty. If you're thirsty. If you're thirsty. Parfait. Parfait. Parfait. There's a lot of things in our life that we're saying parfait. We're saying it. We're saying it by our deeds. We're saying it by our actions. And it's a repetitive behavior that we think is going to satisfy the thirst because I'm doing what they told me was going to satisfy my thirst. This is what people my age do. Parfait. But nothing's going to satisfy it. But he's saying parfait. I got thirstier all the time. I got so I couldn't even spit after a while. I was so thirsty. Well, you see that won't do it. There's nothing will satisfy. I don't care. You can drink Cokes. You can drink any. I got thirsty, by the way, just saying all that. You can drink all you want to with these sweetened bicarbonated waters and so forth. There is nothing that will satisfy the thirst like a good cold stream of water that'll quench the thirst. All these other things are substitutes. And that's why and why would you want to take a substitute when there is a genuine baptism of the Holy Ghost that satisfies every fiber and longing in the human soul. Every satisfy every every every longing every longing and that is so complete. I have found in him everything. His grace is complete. Every longing first satisfied in Christ. Every longing first satisfied in Christ. Every longing recognize him as the source and the satisfier. You do that, he'll add everything else unto you and you'll recognize it's of him. What fellowship is there when you don't even recognize the source of it is him? that you that even in his goodness because he's good to those who despitefully use him. If you just obtain things after your own will and out of your own want and he even allows you to obtain those things, but you didn't commit those things to him first and say, "Lord, I want to be able to to die to this that you would have the first place." And he says, "Well, that's my desire, son. Do what's all in your heart to do. you're my son, you're go forward. But until you hear that voice, if you were like, I just really don't know what he wants to say. I I don't know if I do want to know because then I wouldn't be free to do it. Wrong place. You have to be willing to say, Lord, I'm willing. This desire I have, this longing I have, I recognize it's bigger than me, but I'm willing to give it to you. I don't want to just at the detriment of thinking that by doing this I would not be giving you first place. I'm willing to give it to you and then he can then he could actually bless that desire. But you have to be willing to surrender it to him. But I I would say that recognize when you're saying parfait. Did they make a yogurt called that? Yep. Oh, thank you. Bad with names, name association. But it it's I think it's a play on the word. It may be French for perfect or something like that. But you think that there's a perfection in something else. You think that it actually has a a satisfying portion. It actually is drying you out. And and those are that is the substitute anytime you do that. And and I would say um we're more mature. We don't even let emotionalism be the substitute. Okay, there's you need emotion. You better have emotion. But there's a lot of things that be when growth is the challenge, you have to recognize what God is calling you to grow in. And and and what he's calling me to grow in may not be that you may need maybe your growth is to get emotional, right? But if if that's my comfort zone, I guarantee you God's going to take me to the places like David, you can't just satisfy. You cannot stand on sensation and emotion alone. You need to be able to be rooted and grounded. I'd say this. If you're so academic that your area of growth may be man, you might just need to get a little emotional. You need to be able to express, you know, I was I there's a I I heard this guy academically describe what a scream was. Okay. But there comes a point where sometimes there's things that get just bottled up into you so much you don't know what to do and then they just manifest. It's just like I didn't even mean for that to happen. It just, you know, there's not another way to express it. I hope that the emotion you have is sometimes bigger than you are. That if you just have to get alone, I've taken my pillow and just put it on my head and just say hallelujah because I don't want to scare, you know? It's like, but I I'm going to explode. I hope that you have this this what you've received is bigger than you are to the point where you just think you're just going to blow up. And you don't know. You really don't know what's going to happen. And you have the liberty to say, "Oh Lord, I don't know what's going to happen, but you're real. And I just want if I have to dance around a tree and praise you, I have to sit on the pulpit, hike up my and just swing my legs." And we get so lost in Christ. G. I mean, what a We're children of God gathered together in the in the house of God. There should be such a liberty of the spirit in us. This is who you are. This is who we are. There's a song, I'm a Pentecostal. Well, I'm a message believer. I've been given all things. I've been told who I am by promised land. And if anybody's going to shout about it, it's going to be me. You think you got to dance. You think you got a song. We're the possessors. And I'm not trying to diminish pennies, but you better recognize who you are. Ain't no bird going to sing in my place. Ain't no rock. Who are you? Bride. Bride. Bride. Hey, you know, we we we should we should start services how we end them. Our brother Matthew's sitting there plowing, plowing, plowing, plowing. We should start services coming into the house of God's going, "Where's my devil? I'm going to pray an atmosphere in here." So, somebody just walks in church goes, "What's this? What's this? Holy, holy, holy, the Lord God Almighty." There's a there's all of a sudden the awakening of the spirit of Christ where it's your refuge. You know why you bow your head when you pray? It's a declaration. I can raise my I can lower my head and close my eyes in the presence of a allsufficient superior being and know all things are committed unto him. I don't need to take a thought of anything else. I can look I God, you have complete preeminence right now. Yes, it is nobody else but me and you. I'm blocking it all out. I'm bowing my head. I'm closing my eyes. I'm giving you complete preeminence. If God can't have the preeminence in the sanctuary, how is he going to have preeminence somewhere else in your life? If you can't recognize this is the place to come through before the throne and and as saints, not that we make some monument out of things, but it's the congregation of the saints. It's where two or three are gathered in my name. I'll be there. When you recognize you're fulfilling a commandment, then you can recognize yourself as being pleasing to him. I think I left my book. All right. Well, just preach it. All right. So one of the things that that you when you when you recognize yourself back in the word. Okay. So what the message did for you is tell you your place and position and it's put you back into the word. So what Christ did when he would think of fear and think I'm sorry but none of us have faced the certainty of death like Christ did and bore it the way he did in the garden of Gethsemane. And the only way that he could do that is he recognized who he was. So there was a promise word concerning them that he would even declare to the people, destroy this flesh and in three days I'll raise it up again. So the only way that he could go to where he was going because he had never gone that way before. Okay? It nevertheless, Lord, let this cup pass from me. He's facing the scorging. He knows what he's got to face. He knows his hour has come and the only thing that he could take a position in is what the word told him he would be. That's the only thing he could do is see it was beyond it at that point. He went to the cross of man. He didn't go in the power of the anointing. He didn't go with the with the mighty power of God. And what do you think you've been called to? I thank God for the anointing. But you know what? You better have a great You face the valley of decision and you face death. You better know where you stand. It's not going to be something that you could just rest. I feel it. And I love to feel it. I would be the fanatic running all over here if that's all we did. If that's all that we had and all was the promises, buddy. Just get through into the presence, buddy. I would just be a dancer. Amen. Oh, I want to say I want to say ballerinas for Christ. But it's about You wouldn't believe the nonsense that's out there. They got people doing hula hoops. They got hula hoop teams. They done lost their mind. But that's what the anointing without the word will do. and and there's anointing, but they have no word foundation. So, you have to recognize what you've been called to is to stand upon the word, but you better know what the word says you are and what your place is. You better recognize that you've been placed back in the word. Yes, sir. Okay. So, there's nothing else that they had to take a Joshua message. You've received a message that has told you what your position is. Amen. It told you. It It was the declaring when the seals were open. It read your name. It read your name and told you who you are. It is because you've received the word that you could recognize who you are. It is the you know, people hate that. You know, it's like it's it's a self-indicating message. They hate the fact that what we say is that well, you recognize who you are because well, isn't that easy and convenient? It's what you believe is the truth. So that makes you right. Hate it. But that's what faith is. Faith that it declares on what evidence because he said so. He's the one who said it. He's the one who said that was the evidence of it. I didn't say it. If he would have given it evidence or did it in a certain way, we'd all be doing it. I'm so thankful that this message didn't come with in such a way. You know, some were baptized into this, some were baptiz I thank God I didn't baptize any of you. If the message would have come in such a way where brother Brandham received it, we I guess we could all go to a a coal cabin. But you would want to receive the Holy Ghost the exact same way the way Brother Brandham received it if it was left to an academic formula or something you could put your finger on because that's what religion does. Religion wants you to be able to satisfy yourself with some something academic. And it really doesn't matter what it is. It could even be receiving. You know, I recognize the word for the day. I'm Amen. It is. So, whatever it is, the heart is a deceitful thing. You better recognize that it's Christ in you. It better not even it. Sure, there's a mental faculty that recognizes it, but honestly, we should be so far beyond our minds that is simply Christ living out the word in us. And it's the word that takes preeminence. And you have to recognize your place in the word. So where is your position of authority once you're in the word? You want to talk about how we began the service about you're so lost in Christ. Now if I'm if I'm word destroy me. I'm the word of God. What are you going to do unto me? Some of us better get the recognition you are the word of God because everything else will be destroyed. Where do you want to be found? In the word. Where how are you going to find what? Well, I find it in Roblox. Now, yeah, whatever the entertainment is. I took that as an easy one. Just nothing wrong with it. I played it myself. But you're not going to learn who you are by indulging the things of the world. You're going to find who you are by the message that has placed you in your promised land. You're going to find it by the Joshua message, by the Moses message. That is the message of this day that it's the Malachi 4:5. It's the Revelations 10:7. It's the revealing of the son of man. Because in revealing the son of man, he declared that you were in him. Amen. He declared that you were in Christ at Calvary. I This message is so beautiful. I, you know, as I mentioned earlier, you just don't understand the paralyzation of partial truths. Men in good intent. They did all the all they could, but they were left without a complete power because they had an impartial truth. When you want to recognize that which is perfect has come, we've received a perfect word that delivers a perfect faith. And when Jesus himself said, "The prayer of faith shall save the sick, they shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover." You must have the same perfect confidence. When hands is laid on me, I shall recover. He said so. He said, "You destroy this body and I'll raise it up because you know what the Messiah I'll not suffer my holy one to see corruption." He knowed he I thought I lost this. He was the holy one. Neither will I leave his soul in hell. He didn't. He knowed he'd do it. He had confidence in that he was there to conquer both death and hell and said, "Destroy it if you wish to. I'll raise it back up again in three days." Oh my. I have power to lay down my life. I have power to take it up again. He knowed who he was. You're a Christian. You have a right to any redemptive blessing that Jesus died for you. It's all yours. It's already paid for. You just have to believe it. Not imagine it, but believe it and know that it's yours and you can possess it. Oh, that's conquering faith. You know, now down this is this is uh down. I'm going to go down to 148. Actually, I'll just read through. It's just 147. He knew it was happened before he could predict. This is important because you you have to understand the book is a prophet. The Bible is a prophetic book. We believe in the power of prophecy. Okay? Prophecy is when the word is spoken and there's no evidence a virgin shall conceive. It's a prophecy and everything says can't happen. So you have to recognize that this message has prophesied a bride to be here and to the raptures on to take a body change. It's prophecy as soon as it was spoken. The devil couldn't stop it. So he knew. So this is Christ now. He hasn't yet been crucified. So he is resting on what the word has prophesied and he knew it would happen but he could predict that it would happen because he knowed it would happen and whatever he predicted come to pass. Now watch whatever he said God honored what he said. Think of that. Whatever Jesus said God brought it to pass. So he knowed his words were God's words. Now look, that same scripture comes back into us again. If ye say to this mountain, "Oh my, I just let this soak in just a little." You see, cuz we're going to have a prayer line. We dismiss the congregation to pray for the sick. I mean, it's voluntary. He He dismissed the congregation to pray for the sick. So those who need to go, you can go. It's voluntary. pray for the sick and the ones that want to has to go. Look, he knew that he that he pleased God. And that this is there's power in this. Look, he knew that he pleased God. I want you to recognize your faith pleases God. Your faith pleases God. If there is a lie hanging over your life, let's see. I I do think that's a it's a tragic sign of the times actually. Most of those things are Amber alerts and it seems like they happen every time all the time. There's there's uh children that in circumstances out there and uh you get just I I keep mine on just because I keep those things in prayer and I've seen God answer prayer. There's a recent testimony of a family in South Africa that they had disappeared. They put out alert saints went to prayer and they were all found safe. And so I I don't think we should lose our burden to those things. Look, he knew that he pleased God. Saints, you must recognize your life, especially in sufferings. That's why you can't let the devil rob you of your joy. Your life pleases God. Hallelujah. What was it that he it when he even testifies of Christ, it pleased him for to put Christ through suffering. So the devil even when when brother Brandon would sit there and he's sitting there at the place to with his own child, he he said he didn't love you. You have to recognize that the love that Christ that God had for you was already declared at Calvary. For you to deny that you're the purchased possession, why did he purchase you? Why would he go to Calvary? We should be so past this point. But the devil tries to make you and condemn you so you don't have confidence to God. So if we would recognize you were worth dying for, he did that because he's pleased by you. He loves you. You can do no wrong in his sight. You're his child. on Mother's Day, they could probably tell you, you talk about a mama bear, you don't understand the motherly attribute that God has for you. You can't do wrong. You please God. And it should be the love of God that drives you to repentance. If you recognize that he's identifying himself with you and that he loves you and you're not living up to it, that should be enough in you to cause a change. But he's still pleased with you as a son. He just recognizes a whole lot more potential in you than you recognize in yourself. Look, he knew that he pleased God. Please take that home with you. If you don't do take anything else home with you, it's your position in Christ is that he loves you and that you're the apple of his eye. He knew that he was nothing on his life. He knew that he had nothing on his life. God had already testified, "This is my beloved son in whom I'm well pleased. Hear him." This is my beloved son in whom I'm pleased to dwell in. In the day of his baptism, I'm pleased to make my abode in here. There's no condemnation to him at all. The seed of God remainth in you. If you've been born of God, if you have the Holy Ghost, blameless. Now, when the same God comes to you and it's pleased to dwell in you, pleased to honor your word, what your decision is, still a decision. What was Joshua's decision? Stand still, son. And it stood there. Amen. Sure. come to pass you will have what he said that puts you back in the word. That's your position. That puts you back in the word. Now that's not skim milk. It puts you back. I know it's going to jump right over you. maybe see because it can't anchor, but real genuine faith catches that right now. I've seen it, friend. Here's the Bible laying out before me. He goes in and he talks about how he he spoke the scrolls into existence, but you take God at his word, and that's your place. It's your faith that looks to the finished work at Calvary. It's the faith that recognizes your place in the word. and you uh you don't have a position outside of it. It's really not optional. Heavens and earth will pass away, but the word will not pass away. Your only position is Christ in the word. You have no other place. That's why you could have a boldness and a confidence in who you are as a son of God because I'm in the word. My position's in the word. Fortify yourself in the word. And it's that it really is that simple. But you better recognize that you have been placed in the word by the word for your day. It's the it's the local guide. We haven't positioned ourselves in a false salvation for another day. We aren't resting in a partial truth. We're not resting in something that is less than perfect. We've received a perfect word that completely declares us who we are and our position in Christ. If the musicians could come It puts us back into our rightful inheritance. It puts us back to where we are. The guide places you if you were hunting, the guide is to put you into the position to take the shot. His whole thing is to give you the opportunity to land the fish. He's going to put you in the right spot, but he doesn't shoot it for you. He doesn't land the fish for you. Otherwise, you'd be a spectator. But what a guy does is he puts you in the position that you need to be in. And then he says, "Speak the word. Speak the word. Shoot. I put it in your hands. It's right here. Right like I told you it would be. You're on target. We're right in the hour that this message said we would be in. What's the target? Perfection. Rapture. Speak the word. Salvation of my family. Speak the word. Healing of my body. Speak the word. What have I received in this day? A confidence in who I am. A confidence in who he is. A confidence of my position in Christ Jesus. I don't have a song written down this time, so you could play whatever. Believe it'll be the right song. Let's just rejoice in the Lord, saints, for what he's done for us. He's told he's told us who we are. and that the land is ours. And I'm so thankful for the word we received, thankful for the the message this morning. Let's just go to him in prayer as we turn the service over. Gracious heavenly father, we're so thankful that you've made us an heir of all things. And Lord, that the victory is ours because you've already finished the work. And Lord, we could just confide in you as the guide that when your wings are wrapped around us, Father, we have a confidence in who we are. And all the fear is gone, Father, because we know who we're with and who's abiding in us. And Lord, we ask that any fear, any doubt, any hindrance, Lord, that you just cast it away. For you said you're the father of lights in whom there's no variableness, neither shadow of turning. Lord, that you're the giver of every good gift. and Lord that we could ask of you and receive. And Lord, we want to ask that our joy would be full. We want to ask for wisdom. We want to ask for revelation. We want to ask, Lord, what is our day, the hour we've been placed in? What is it that you would have us to do? And Lord, may we have a boldness to recognize our day in its message, Lord? That now's the time for us to speak, that it's the salvation for our friends and for our family, Lord. That you put the very words of life upon our lips that we could sound out this gospel truth. And Lord, we ask that Lord, as the needs that have been gathered and Lord, what what a privilege it is to gather with saints of precious like faith. And Lord, ones that have pressed the battle and represent a victory just being in the house of God. And Lord, I ask that you would bless them, Lord. It's it's an encouragement to see those that are putting you first. And Father, I ask that the needs that are present, Lord, and that each one now would just lift those up before you, Father, and ask, Lord, that you would be glorified. that it's not of man that these things have been done, Lord, but it's that our heavenly father would be glorified. Lord, we're looking for you to be the one who brings a consummation, Lord. Brings a the answer, Lord. We're we're trusting in the supernatural, Lord, by revelation that we could see it, proclaim it, and believe it, Lord, and that our faith would be pleasing to you. Just commit the these words to you that you would grant the increase. We thank you, Father, in the mighty name of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. If you can help me sing [Music] this my word prof. Amen. Oh my God so much bigger [Music] than Hallelujah. Oh, why would I hunger for power or riches or fame? Oh, cuz my God so much better all of these things. So I won't be shen and I love [Music] you. For my God is faithful. His promise is true. I'm going to speak. So I'll speak to the mountain. Oh, it's time to move. It's time to move. Greater is he that's in you. My God is bigger, better, stronger, greater than you. My enemies scatter. My enemies scatter. Cuz they know the battle is done. Hallelujah. My God is stronger. The victory already. Oh, thank you for Calvary. Oh, he died my ransom and rose up on the third day. Yes. My God, the savior, the dead, hell, and the grave. Oh, so I won't be shen. Declare, well, I won't be moved. Heavens and earth will pass away, but the word that's in you cannot pass away. Oh, his promises. He spoke goodness to you. I would that you would be a sound mind and well body. So I'm speak to the man. [Music] better, stronger, greater. Let's sing that second verse again. Aren't you glad your enemies are running? My enemies, but I know the battle is now. My God is stronger. The victory is already done. Oh my [Music] god. Oh, and my God is greater than heaven with great I won't be s for [Music] I for my God is [Music] faithful. His promises is true. Oh, let us see you. Oh, and it's time to move. Oh, my God is bigger, better, stronger, greater. Sing that third [Music] verse. There's no mountain to hide, no valley to know. There's no fear that I have that is already. There's no problem to me. There's no weapon to there is nothing that's impossible. Oh, there's no mountain to find, no to. There's no free that I have, [Music] but there's no problem to me. There's no there is nothing for God. That's impossible. Oh, I won't be sh I won't be good. Oh, my God is faithful. Lord, his promises is true. Oh, I see to the mountain. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Hallelujah. Aren't you glad you serve a big God? The God who knows the beginning before the end. He knows it. Even before the end comes, he's already knows about everything. I mean, if you really think about this, this is really insane. All of this was already planned. The battle was already won. And we're just here playing the part. I mean, how can you fail in just playing the part, you know, but yet it drops confusions and drops this and he makes the battle looks so real. It's not real. He already lost. You can't fail for that. Don't give into it. He He was already, the scripture says, even before the foundation of the world. You know, I don't so like that because the the purpose for the thirst is so that something can come and answer it. The there's this manifestation just like Alberta said in the natural, you know, you have thirst for water, you hungry, you this all of that is God positioning himself in your life naturally so you can go and eat the natural food so you can survive spiritually so you can call out for him for him to come and answer. But if you refuse to come to the spiritual person who can satisfy the thirst, you're going to [Music] die. So he's wanting us to all he's wanting us is just to come to him and say, "Father, I'm thirsting for the Holy Spirit. Father, I'm thirsting for the life, the perfect life. I'm thirsting for that perfection in me." And he's looking and say, "Yep, I already answered all of that." You know the word when said this I I believe it was brother Matthew you said it that it says it's to answer for the need of the hour. Whatever the need of the hour is the word is packaged to have all of those answers in it. It's not packaged for you to eat it and say well I got to figure out where is that other movement that I can go to so I can add to it. No. Once you receive the word you receive the full package. And once you receive it, you are good to go. It It's for the journey, for the entire journey. But we take the thirst and we try to fill it up with other things and we try to do all of that. It won't work. It won't satisfy. And I'll just say this for myself. I I feel like, you know, sometimes we have this heaviness upon us, you know, and I just don't know where it comes from. If you look at the rapid unveiling of the scriptures and the prophecies that were given, you would think the church will be full. You think the altars will be full. People will be searching within the heart. Oh God, let not me. I don't want to miss it. I want to be ready. I want to do that. Where is that that just that that heart desire to hunger or or the urgency of knowing that the hour is closing every day, every moment? Amen. I believe he's faithful, but I I believe with all my heart, we just need to seek that which has placed. He's not asking for you to look for something you don't have. He's asking for you to take what he's given you and feed it through the word of God and feed that hunger with the word of God with with the positioning is so that you can have confidence confidence in God. Like our brother said, I know I'm right with God. I know what he's promised me, he will come to bring it to pass. I know if I speak, he will hear me. He wants to reestablish that relationship that was lost so we can have peace within our heart. You don't want to be praying not knowing if your prayers can be answered or not. That's a terrible situation to be in. But the way the way the reason why we come is oh Lord, we purge our heart. We remove the leaven. We remove all the things. And we know that when I'm in peace with God, it don't matter. Then you can sing the song and say, "My God is bigger, better, stronger." Then you can be like Shadrach, Meshach, and Abed say, "Even if it doesn't do right now, I still believe he's with me." That's the place where we want to be. That's maturity right there. It's not one day God is with me, another day he's abandoned me. No, he's not that kind of God. He said, "I'll be with you, even in you until the end." He's ne if he's never fail. If you don't have an example where he failed, you would never have one in the future because he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He's the same all the time. And that's the kind of God we serve. He wants us to have confidence. Confidence with him to know that he will lead us. He will be the guide. Uh when you come to the guide, I love what you said. He said he's going to show you the shot. He said, "You know what? If you stand here, if you take this position, you'll have the best view possible. Oh, you know, you will come and you're trying to see. He's like, "Oh, no, no, you guys follow me. Come and stand up on this rock. You'll have the best view of the environment and you can look there and see everything." Why? Because he's been there before. We have the perfect message. We have the word that all throughout the ages had longed to be in this age. The prophet packet said that God took all of that. He said in the end time he didn't reveal a portion. He revealed it in the entirety to the program of God. What he wanted to do since the beginning. He revealed it to us. And how can we fail with the word in our hands? Absolutely impossible. It can't happen. Amen. Oh, the Lord the Lord is wonderful. Amen. Why don't we sing that song? God is good. Amen. All the time. Amen. Oh, if you're walking all through the valley and the shadows all around. Oh, and do not fear. Oh, and he will guide you. He will give you Oh my [Music] god is good. All is [Music] God. My God is good. [Music] All the time to the darkness. [Music] Oh, we were just [Music] crossing the forest. [Music] Oh my [Music] god. It's good all the time. [Music] Oh my [Music] god. God is beautiful. Oh, God is [Music] beautiful. Hallelujah. Thiago, if you could just come and dismiss us tonight. Amen. Amen. [Music] [Music] Let's pray. [Music] [Music] for a massage prophetic temple. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. Amen. Amen. God bless you. Amen. You are dismissed. Have a wonderful week. Oh, I'm feeling so much better talking about this. Wait, I'm feeling so much better. Oh, and talking about the Lord, let's go on. Let's go on talking about this. Oh, let's go. Let's go talking about the Lord. When I'm feeling so much better. Oh, talking about this. I'm feeling so much better. Oh, talking about the Lord. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about this good old way. Oh, let's go on. Let's go on talking about the way the devil eat all talking about this world. The devil it don't like it talking about the Lord's border. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about this. Oh, let's go on. Let's go on talking about the devil like him. Oh, talking about this good old way. They're going all like talking about the Lord more than let's go on. Let's go on talking about this. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about when I'm feeling so much better. talking about this when I'm feeling so much better. Oh, we're talking about the Lord. Let's go on talking about this good old. Let's go on. Let's go on talking about the Lord. [Music]
