################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2020-11-01 - You Were Made for This Pt. 1 - Aaron McGeary.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2020-11-01
Title:   You Were Made for This Pt. 1
Speaker: Aaron McGeary
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iAqDh4-2DW4
========================================

Description:
You Were Made for This Pt. 1
Bro. Aaron McGeary
Sunday Service: November 01,  2020
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
the Lord. Let's turn in our Bibles to Matthew chapter 24. I'd like to begin reading from verse 15 to verse 22. This particular passage is dealing with the coming of the son of man and it's uh a companion to Luke chapter 17 and where it speaks and we're very familiar with as it was in the days of Lot as it was in the days of uh Noah and how it so shall it be in the day when the son of man is revealed. It's also spoken of here in Matthew chapter 24 and it's referred to the coming of the son of man. But there's a portion here at the beginning before he he's dealing with the signs of the times. He's there's a prophecy in here that I wanted to point out u before we you know as our foundation and hopefully visit here in a few minutes. It says Matthew chap 24 15 to 22. When you therefore shall see the abomination of desolation spoken of by Daniel the prophet stand in the holy place. who so readeth, let him understand. Then let them which be in Judea flee unto the mountains. So he references a prophecy spoken by Daniel. And then the writer says, you know, he that's reading this, let him understand. And then Jesus having referenced this prophecy says, let them which be in Judea flee into the mountains. Let him which is on the housetop not come down to take anything out of his house. Neither let him which is in the field return back to take his clothes. And woe unto them that are with child, and to them that give suck in those days. But pray ye that your flight be not in the winter, neither on the Sabbath day. For then shall be great tribulation. Such was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be, except those days be shortened. There should be no flesh be saved, but for the elect's sake, those days shall be shortened. Amen. Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. Our heavenly father, as we are standing in your divine presence today, we're grateful for your grace. Lord, the your blood has never lost its power, nor has it lost its preciousness to us. And today, Lord, we realize that we're the purchase of that that blood that being washed by it, be redeemed by it, we have this privilege of fellowshipping with you and not only fellowshipping with you, but one another. And Lord, we realize what a a lonely walk this would be if we did not have each other. Lord, we realize even the impossibility of this Christian life had you not uh placed things near us and provided things for us that we could be sustained and our lives could be enriched. Lord, we're even taught that you [clears throat] can't stay at home and be a Christian. That coming to church and gatherings like this are essential to you feeding us and encouraging us and strengthening us. So, we praise you, Father, and we thank you that you've provided us a place to come and worship together. a place, Lord, that though it may be a hall that's used for many other things, Lord, we believe that the power of God is so mighty that your presence is so strong that every spirit, any idea, any thought is made subject to your presence. It's brought low before your word. So, Lord, we're not afraid of the amenities, Lord, that surround us. We're not afraid of the people that might pass by. We're not afraid of any the prior use of this room, Lord. We've sanctified it. Your presence is here. And father, we stand here submitted to you, believing that you'll come. You'll take the bread of life and speak to us. So now, Father, take control of this service for your glory. We pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. I'm going to give you my title here at the beginning uh just so you um understand that we're going to be going a little bit different direction than we have been so far. But I want to say before I get too too far in this, Brother Thomas, Sister Sandy, it's nice to have you here. Come all the way. I'm Let's just be honest. It it's the weather that brought them here for their for her birthday. But we certainly are grateful that they uh included us in on this special day in this trip. He sent me a picture last week of snow already on the ground in Witchah and he said, "I can't wait to get to Phoenix." And so we're glad you didn't bring the weather with you. Glad it's going to be in the 90s today. So, um we just pray that God would richly bless you. both Tom and Sister Sandy have been uh good friends to Sister Elizabeth and I have been very a great encouragement and uh I've been evangelizing for 40 years Tom 40 years so wow that's quite the labor in the gospel and he's been around been several places he has some stories to share but please bring our love and greetings back to spoken word tabernacle to brother Jim and the saints we love each one of you dearly and so nice to have you here my title is you were made for this and when I say you I'm talking to you So, if anyone ever calls you you, that's who I'm talking to. You were made for this. And I have a a a quote I want to start off with. Um, and I apologize if maybe it seems to be in a very very small font, but I just wanted to get it all on one slide, some of these uh for you. He says this in one in a million. He says, "The time and the hour that we're living." So, he's wanting to draw our attention to the the very moments uh that he was living. And we could do the same thing for us. He says if a person don't know which way to go, what to do or how to turn, you're not walking by faith anymore. You're just guessing. You are presuming. So if you don't know which way to go and you go, that's not faith. That's just presumption. He said, "And presume is to advance without official authority." So if we haven't got the real official authority to know what God said would take place in this hour, how are we ever going to face this hour? So this is important because we often um speculate as to things that are going to transpire and way things things that are going to happen uh and the way things are going to be and we do that now without the benefit of a prophet here presently uh prophesying or giving us thus sayith the lord or telling us how things are uh uh going to transpire. So there's a lot of things that we can uh prognosticate on. There's a lot of things that we can guess at. There's a lot of scenarios that we can draw in our mind. But he's saying that if you have if you don't have what God said, then you're just presuming. If you're just going by your own uh temperature that you're taking and your own analytics, he says you're presuming. And if you're just presuming, how can you face what's coming? So he says, "And we've got to face it knowing by faith in his word the things that's supposed to be happening now." He says, "And the condition of the nations, the condition of the people, the condition of the church, and so forth." We've got to know that and then how to walk out to face it. This is brother Brandham giving us some very good principles about facing the times that we're living in. If you don't know how to do that, you're just what we used to call kind of haphazardly just jump in hoping it'll be there, hoping this and hoping that and will it be? But God don't want us to do that. He wants us to know what he has said about this day. Then meet it by faith because he said it would be that way. then we know your truth then because you haven't got some person's word for it. You got his word of what we must do. So whenever we're going to uh whenever we're facing just even today the rule that we ought to live by as believers is what has the word said about it and what do we know is certain? What do we know is an absolute which is sure which is made made been made clear. What's God's promise to that? And that's what I'm going to face the day with. not a guessing, not a hope so, not not predictions and not assumptions, certainly not presuming and venturing out without authority. I'm just going to go by what has been said and I'm going to stick with what's been said. And if the word hasn't spoke to anything else, I want to stay with what has been spoken, too. There's a lot of different scenarios. Well, it could go this way, it could go that way, this could happen, that could happen. Well, if the word hasn't spoken to the way it's going to be, just stay with what you know. If you know that the Son of Man has been revealed, stay with that. If you know the Lord himself has descended with a shout, stay with that. Stay with the things that we know are certain. I was pondering again that statement uh by Donald Rumsfeld. I don't know how often he's been quoted behind a pulpit, but uh I've quoted him a few times and uh I don't know if he's ever retweeted me when I've done this, but he he talks about they're asking him questions in the Gulf War and he says, "Well, there's known knowns. There's known unknowns." He says, "But then there's unknown unknowns." And it's it makes sense if you think about it. There's things that we know that we know. Then there's things that we know we don't know. But there's things that we don't know we don't know. And we don't need to venture in the unknowns. Let's just stick with the known knowns. Let God reveal the the unknown at in his time and in his season. And so I think those are wonderful principles that Brother Brandham lays out there. And I wanted to use that at the outset to think about the time that we're living in, the prophecies that have been made, the thi the things that have been shared with us, and what we ought to be focusing on, what we m must be connected to. And then I I was I don't want to hide this. I maybe I was debating on where maybe just to uh reference this, but I want to speak to the elephant that's in the room. You ever heard that saying? You know, we're just kind of ignoring the elephant that's in the room. I want to speak to the elephant that's in the room and the donkey because this upcoming election has a lot of people on edge and the whole world is set on edge. nations are watching and everyone's weighing in on it and people who've never uh endorsed uh institutions or entities that have never endorsed candidates um are now is there a polit political filter on this? All of a sudden I dropped out when I started talking about politics. It's working. We programmed it that as soon as you mention a political party, the stream has dropped out. It's been scrubbed from YouTube. We're going to be demonetized after this. But there's people that are weighing in on this who never have before because the stakes are so high and this is so important and a and we've got to get this right and everyone's really really amped up. You know what's a shame is politics has become political. I got you, didn't I? Politics has always been political. But it's it's now it's just so it's so polarized and and you're careful to even express to somebody how you feel about a particular issue because it's such a bright line test. Now, if you're on this side, you're on that side and and you can't like one another and you can't shake hands and you have to be mortal enemies. And so, the the rhetoric has been really ramped up and everyone's set on edge. And because of this election and because of the pandemic, the social uh political and economical uh instability, uh it looms over our country. Would you agree? Amen. Uh we're being told that because of this election that there's social unrest and that there's uh uh political instability, the economics are in imbalance and it's looming over this country. And because any one of these things or maybe all three of these things could go sideways, it's threatening. This is what the people are portraying and this is what's talked about over our dinner tables and shared online and forums and a and through social media and in the media itself. It's threatening chaos. And so uncertainty abounds. And it's what's interesting is since we could all agree it's uncertain, despite the uncertainty, everyone's predicting and they're predicting doom and there's going to be civil unrest and there's going to be social upheaval and and everyone's trying to say this is what's going to happen and this is what's going to happen. And really, it's all just rumors. Unless someone says that on election night if Donald Trump wins, I'm going to go kick my neighbor's door in. they can fulfill that prophecy. But the the point is a lot of people don't know the way it's going to go. Uh all we have to do is look back four years ago to realize that, you know, everyone could be wrong about something because everyone was certain that someone was going to bust that glass ceiling, that someone was going to be elected in. And they were already printing the newspapers to congratulate the first female president. A a and books were flying off the shelf on Amazon about the prophecies of a woman president. And and what happened? what everyone didn't expect to happen, but yet everyone still predicts and everyone thinks it's going to be a certain way, but really at the end of the day, they're just rumors. And then now I want to make this very uh uh very uh relevant to us because this would these could be comments that could be made in a boardroom uh uh uh to employees of a company or or the board of directors at at a particular educational institution. But where this is relevant for us is when we marry these things or join these things that I'm talking about with the word, these things become exponentially more fearsome. So there's there there's instability. We could all agree there's uncertainty. We can all agree there's a there's an election that's going to take place on Tuesday that may may the the the outcome may not be decided on Tuesday. It may be months away, but we don't know. we there's just no idea, no way of knowing just exactly what direction it's going to go. And that's how we sit as Americans or humans or anybody who can read or hear things. But then when we as believers take things in the word and then we marry it with these things we're hearing and seeing, then the things that we're hearing and seeing can be um by a multiplier more fearful. And so there's a few things to consider that I want to just say here at the outset. Few things to consider. The first thing is uncertainty is not certain. So whatever things that are being shared, well it could be this way, it could be that way. Remember that's just the uncertainty of it. There's no one that's able to tell you absolutely what's going to happen. You know, not to scare you at all, but who knows what happens between now and Tuesday. What what if the numbers tomorrow say there's 800,000 people tested positive or everybody who tested for corona virus for this last week tested positive and Donald Trump says in light of this terrible pandemic I'm enforcing martial law everyone has to stay home the polls are closed and and that's the battle the next battle I'm not saying it is but it could happen in other words you don't know what's going to happen you don't know what's next so the uncertainty is exactly that uncert certain there. There's even a saying about human nature. It's predictably unpredictable. And so there's there it's is still uncertain. So rumors themselves are not a sure thing. We know the sun's going to come up in the morning. We know there's certain things that that are an absolute regardless of who wins, death and taxes will still hold the day. Those things are certain. And so that's one thing just to remind you of that the un we ought not to deal with uncertainties as certainties. The second thing is we have to as believers even though we use the word as our filter and and we we we never venture outside of the word we must resist marrying the word to rumor. We must resist the urge to take the word and join it to some kind of conjecture where I think it might or it may be this. In other words, as brother Bandham said, you're presuming you're venturing without official authority. We must not assume a particular thing is going to be a certain way if God hasn't said it will be that way or speculate that this thing is what was said before. How does God interpret his word? By bringing it to pass. And so before something is fulfilled, we're all just speculating. Now God can give us revelation of things and God can uh give things make things very very plain. But there's a always a mysterious element that remains to prophecy despite the revelation because at the end of the day prophecy embodies so much symbolism that how God fulfills it can be wildly different than how our mind had it figured out. So there's a we have to even though we use the word as our filter and we want to run everything through the word of God. What has God said? What does the word say about it? I was fellowshipping with my dad this past week and he knows a lot more about what's going on in this thing than I do. So, I was just kind of uh picking his brain a little bit and I was getting the the full dose. I was like, "Wow, I never thought about that. Wow, I never thought about that." A and and and one of the things we came to conclusion is let's just go with what God has said. Amen. Because if God has spoken, thus sayeth the Lord, about what will be, then we know that's what's going to be. So, we look to what is certain. We look to what is sure. We we look at the known knowns. If there's a known unknown, then we're not we're not trying to figure out the unknown till God reveals it. And so I want to know what the word said about it. And I know what the word has said about America. I know what the word has said about the future about Israel and certain things. I say regardless of who's in office, it's got to go that way. So there's certain things that we can be absolutely certain on. And and I want to express this as a principle that you could you could you could write on a sticky note and it just it rem it's true outside of the context of this sermon. The wrong wrong teaching cannot inspire faith. It cannot do it. I if I taught you this morning that when you walk out of here, each one of you is going to be handed a $100 bill by me. That would not inspire faith because I don't have $100 bills to hand out to each one of you. That would be wrong teaching. That would be inaccurate. and and and who knows, maybe some of you could really really have faith, just pad my pockets and I'll stand out there if I end up with 50s something $100 bills. But the the the point is if you teach something wrong, a lie can never inspire faith. A false word cannot build up faith within someone's heart. A lie, a false doctrine, the wrong kind of teaching can only inspire doubt. Right? Even if it feels like faith, it's only doubt. Even if it feels like faith, it's only hope. It can only inspire fear. And when that happens, it breeds uncertainty. So if I got up to here today and I tried to give you uh thus sayith the Lord on something that God hasn't spoken to, that can't really produce faith. It can produce a fanaticism. It can produce a real zeal. It can produce emotion and everyone can get stirred up. And people can even comment, "OH MY, WASN'T THAT service awesome? Did the power of God not move?" Because they were emotionally STIRRED UP ALL BY A LIE. All by a false teaching. all by something that rallies the people and gets them all excited AND BUT THAT'S NOT INSPIRING FAITH. Only the word of God can inspire faith. So we we remember things that are uncertain are just that. They're uncertain. They're not certainties. And we have to resist the urge to try to take something uncertain and join it with a part of the word that we're not certain about to try to bring clarity because if we do it only produces a greater uncertainty or worse a fear or a doubt. And then the third thing, and this is probably where I'll spend most of my time kind of showing this angle in the word. When the word prophesies that there's going to be a calamity, if the word prophesies that there's going to be some difficulty, some trouble, we often so focus on the prophecy that we never realize the promise. In other words, there's a lot of prophecies in the word of God that speak of terrible things that are going to happen and and that speaks of calamities and destructions and disease and loss. And many times we just focus on that aspect and we get so narrowly focused on that ASPECT THAT WE DON'T realize that there's also a promise with respect to the prophecy. There's a way that you could take the word temptation is even in the book of Revelations in that hour of temptation. We might think, "Oh, I'm being tested to to smoke some marijuana. Oh, I'm being tempted to snort coke. That that's not always what the temptation is. The temptation can be a trial of your faith, an opportunity to doubt, a a chance for you to really stand firm on the word of God and stake your claim and a promise. So temptation takes on many, many different forms. And the Bible says that God hath not there's no temptation that has taken you, but such is common to man. So every trial, every test, every uh every temptation to sin, temptation to doubt, or every opportunity for your faith to to rise up and stand to the forefront, and even in those that you fail in, the Bible says that no temptation has you have been has faced you that a man hasn't faced before. And then the Bible says, BUT GOD IS faithful who will with the temptation make a way of escape that you may be able to bear it. So every temptation has a way of escape. It may look like just a a a a brute force attack and here it is. It's in your face. But God has built within the temptation a promise wherein you're able to bear it. And so WHEN THE BIBLE SPEAKS OF A PROPHECY, THERE'S ALSO A PROMISE. And that's where uh I I know a brother that doesn't like to sing every promise in the book is mine. Because he says there's a lot of promises to the non-elect. But I said, "No, those are threats. Th those are prophecies. But the promise holds a blessing. It holds benefit. It holds power. But it's important to look at IT THAT WAY. NOT EVERYTHING that God has promised to happen is applicable to you. And so it's I I want you to think about that. If you read in the message, you read in the Bible things that speak of fearful sights that are coming and and calamity that's ahead and oh, it's it's going to get dark. It's going to get difficult. It's going to be hard. Remember that there can't be a prophecy of darkness without there being an opportunity for light. There can't be a warning of judgment if there's not a way of escape to avoid it. So there there must be an arc of safety. If there's an oncoming flood now, are we satisfied with the foundation? I can go back over it again. I got everything right here. I've got the I can do this. I can go back to this and say there's an elephant and a donkey in the room and we could read quotes again. Whatever you need, just let me know. But I I John 14 27. It says this, "Peace I leave with you. My peace I give unto you, not as the world giveth give I unto you." Because what what kind of peace does the world give you? Empty assurance. It's vanity. It's pride. Or really, at the end of the day, when you distill it down, there's really nothing there. It's just a lot of fluff. So he's saying, I give you a peace that has substance. A peace that passeth understanding. A peace that is so certain and sure that once joined with faith or inspired by faith, it has a real substant to it. It has v weight. It has value. He says, "Let not your heart be troubled. Neither let it be afraid." Now he says this within the context of many different things that could uh quicken doubt that could cause them to be fearful. He's saying a lot of things about himself. He's saying a lot of things about the future here in these few vers chapters here in John that would cause someone to say, "Oh my goodness, is that really going to happen? Is this the way it's going to be? Is this it?" SO HE SAYS, "DON'T LET YOUR HEART be troubled." Even in the face of difficult things that I'm saying, don't let your heart be troubled. If if I SAY THE WHOLE WORLD'S GOING TO BURN, HE SAID, "DON'T LET YOUR HEART be troubled. THERE'S GOING TO BE BILLIONS OF PEOPLE DIE. DON'T LET YOUR HEART BE TROUBLED." NOW, that that seems very uh uh counterintuitive to our human nature. So he says, "Don't let your heart be troubled. Neither let it be afraid. This is this applies to us in any situation. Don't let your heart be troubled. Don't let it be afraid. Oh, but but this is going to happen. Don't be troubled. Don't be afraid. In Luke 12:5 says, "But I will forewarn you whom you shall fear." He says, "Don't fear him who can put your body in a grave. Don't fear him who can take away your clothing. Don't fear him who can tax you. Don't fear him who can impose uh uh social health care. Don't don't don't fear what man can do unto you. He says, "But I will forewarn you whom you shall fear, fear him which after he hath killed hath power to cast into hell. He that has power, he says another place, to destroy both body and soul into hell." He says, "Yay, I will say unto you, fear him." So there's only one that we fear, and that's God. There's only ONE THAT HAS REAL power over us because nothing can happen to us unless he allows it. So I will not fear what man can DO UNTO ME. I WILL NOT FEAR HIM WHO can destroy the body. I will not fear him who can throw the body into prison. I will not fear him who through legal force and coercion COULD TRY TO IMPOSE certain restrictions, limitations upon me. I will NOT FEAR HIM. AS A MATTER OF FACT, I WILL LOOK TO THE SCRIPTURE AND RENDER UNDER Caesar which IS DO CAESAR. AND I WILL FEAR THE RULERS THAT ARE PLACED over me even legally and and on my job AND ALL THOSE THAT I I HAVE THAT HAVE AUTHORITY OVER ME. BUT THERE'S ONLY ONE THAT I WILL FEAR. I'll fear him, God alone. Brother Brandham says in God's way made for us, the worst thing the devil can put on you is fear. If you even had a cancer, now this is how powerful fear is. If you even if you even had a cancer and didn't fear and believed God would heal you, you wouldn't be in too bad a shape. Right? So cancer joined with fear takes even this belief and faith you have in God and creates an uncertainty in a room for the devil to work. But he says if you had cancer and didn't fear and believe God would heal you, you wouldn't be in too bad a shape. He put it this way. You know you have cancer. You believe God will heal you. and therefore you're not afraid of the cancer or you're YOU'RE NOT AFRAID OF THE CONSEQUENCE REGARDLESS, then the cancer no longer has the greatest power it could have over you because he says the worst THING THE DEVIL CAN PUT on you is fear. The worst thing isn't cancer. No, the worst thing is fear. Because if you had cancer and didn't fear it, you wouldn't be in too bad a shape. So he's saying he's pointing out how the devil's ultimate objective is NOT SO MUCH THE ACT OR THE CIRCUMSTANCE, BUT rather the fear that's joined with it. He said God will take care of that if you were sick whatever it is if you didn't fear. So fear is one of the worst things that Satan can place upon the person. That's why Jesus says let not your heart be troubled. Let it not be afraid. He says fear God. Fear him alone. We have only believe. Fear not. Fear not. Only believe. Be not afraid. Only believe. It's joined. The belief is often joined with this admonishment. Don't be afraid. Because faith that's unhindered by fear, has liberty, ACCEPTS GOD'S PROMISES, ACCEPTS GOD'S DECISION, AND CAN WALK in a in a sure path, NOT WORRIED ABOUT THE OUTCOME, BUT KNOWING THAT THERE'S A GOD THAT HOLDS you and will uphold you. Brother says, "One of the greatest curses on the church today is fear." Everybody's scared to death. I think that would fit today. Amen. It's one of the greatest curs curses on the church today. And if if faith is the ultimate, fear is the opposite. And and fear is no evidence of anything. Faith is an evidence. A and fear is not an evidence. So if we're fearful, if there if there if there's things coming, that places you in a situation to where you can be tempted. But, Brother Brandham, in in in reading these scriptures and referencing this quote and these statements, I want you to recognize that that's the worst thing is fear. That in the time of uncertainty, when we don't know what tomorrow holds, let's not be afraid of it. We're not sure which direction this could go and we realize it's a lot of different directions it can go. And we get the sense from one side that there's this is a slippery slope that if certain people take office then it's just a snowball rolling downhill and it's just going to be very quickly enter into a certain space or this other side happens. Well, this is going to happen. Listen, it's just the wheels of prophecy that we're concerned about. But at the end of the day, regardless of what the future holds, we should not fear. For in a time of trouble, he's promised to keep you. Amen. The Lord is my light in my salvation. He is the strength of my life. Who am I going to be afraid of? Whom shall I fear? Whatever powers it be, God can will only use to fulfill his word. AND YOU ARE PART of his word. There's nothing to fear. In Romans chapter 8 14 to 15, for as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. Now he contrasts this leadership immediately by this. For ye have not received the spirit of a bondage again to fear. But ye have received the spirit of adoption whereby we cry aba father. Sons and daughters of God are led by the spirit of God not by fear. Whenever fear is motivating you to do something, hold steady. If it's fear that's prompting you to make a decision. If it's fear that's prompting you to do something, then hold steady and wait till you can be led by faith. Amen. Hold steady. Say, "Lord, this looks like the right way to go, but I feel that fear is the motivating factor. Fear is the thing that's pushing me." THEN HOLD STEADY. TAKE A STEP BACK. JUST WAIT a moment. Be a and and resolve. Say, "Lord, I can't move by fear. Fear of consequence, fear of man, fear of situation. I got to be moved by faith." So sons and daughters of God are led by the spirit of God. They are not moved and motivated by fear. THEY ARE NOT UNDER THE bondage of fear. So we are not motivated by the fear of harm. Oh, do this because you're going to miss out. So many times we make decisions that are very foolish and not very prudent even from a carnal standpoint when it comes to being financially responsible. But we do it because of the fear of missing out. Oh, you better get in on THIS OPPORTUNITY. YOU BETTER BUY THIS PIECE OF PROPERTY. WE'VE ALL BOUGHT A PIECE OF PROPERTY FROM THIS GUY. JUMP IN THERE, BUY A PIECE OF PROPERTY. YOU BETTER DO IT. YOU'RE GOING TO MISS OUT. LIKE, OH, OH MY GOODNESS. WE BETTER HURRY UP AND do it. WE BETTER DO IT. AND IT TURNS OUT THERE'S NO PROPERTY TO BUY. Turns out the real It's just snake oil at the end of the day. But you only did it because you wanted you didn't want to miss out. It was the FEAR OF MISSING OUT THAT motivated you to act, not the faith and the confidence that this was an opportunity that God was going to use to bless you. In Hebrewsap 11:7 it says by faith Noah being warned of God of things not seen as yet. So God warned him a four time he knew the things that were to be. It says moved with fear based upon what God had said prepared an arc to the saving of his house by the which he condemned the world and became heir of the righteousness which is by faith. So in the face OF DESTRUCTION, WHEN GOD HAD TOLD NOAH that the entire world was going to be destroyed, he was moved by the fear of God, not the oncoming judgment. NOAH WASN'T MOVED, OH, THERE'S GOING TO BE A FLOOD AND EVERYONE'S GOING TO DIE. HE WAS MOVED ACCORDING to the promise that God had given him. Because he wasn't left without a way of escape. Oh, the sin of man has come before me. Every man's thoughts are only wicked continually. I'm going to destroy the people from the face of the earth. And Noah didn't say, "Oh my goodness, I better figure out a way to escape it." No, he took the promise that wherein God said, "But I'm going to command you to build an ark that'll be for the saving of you and your household. Do exactly what I said, and you won't fall victim to the flood." So, he was moved by fear, not of the judgment that was coming, but the reverence and respect for God that gave him a promise. HE HAD RESPECT, JUST AS NOAH does later in this chapter, unto the promise. So when it says he moved with fear, it was his fear of God. As Jesus said, fear him in light of the warning of God, the things that were to come on the earth, he was moved with his reverence and respect and his ALL FOR GOD TO do what his word said to to to believe that the ark was a way of safety. If he had been moved by the fear of judgment, he might have thought, "God, there's no way this ark's going to float. There's no way this is going to work. This is no way this is the way out." He would have been he would have hesitated. He would have tried to amend, add to, take away. In Psalms 37:es 23-2, remember these statements for later. The steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord. This the the the they that are the sons of God, sons and daughters of God. This is what characterizes you. You are led by the spirit of God, not man. You're moved by faith, not carnal fear. And so it says, "The steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord." God is ordering your steps. God determines your bounds. God determines your direction. Yes, we go wayward and yes, there's things wherein we reap what we sow and and there's a path that we could take where we're very stubborn and it's God's permissive will. But God, the steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord and he delightth in his way. Either way you want to look at it. Either God delights in your way when you're taking the steps he's ordered or you delight in God's way and the steps that he has ordered for you. AND THOUGH THAT'S THE PATH THAT I want to take. If God had ordained a path of suffering for me, I would be better off to take that PATH THAN THE TRAIL THAT I could blaze that didn't have suffering. YOU'RE BETTER OFF TAKING THE PATH THAT GOD HAS ORDAINED FOR YOU, REGARDLESS OF THE DIFFICULTIES THAT S that are are in that path and how treacherous IT MAY SEEM. YOU'RE BETTER OFF TAKING THE HARD WAY, THE DIFFICULT WAY, THE NARROW WAY THAT GOD HAS ORDAINED THAN THE BROAD WAY THAT SEEMS easy and pleasing to you. Lord, so his steps, he has ordered steps for us. And it says, though he fall, he shall not be utterly cast down. So there's times in our lives where we face difficulty. We fall on our knees. We're broken. We're we're we're upset. We we we uh we're not fortunate with our circumstances. THOUGH HE FALL, HE SHALL NOT BE UTTERLY CAST DOWN. SO, WE'RE NEVER fearful of being utterly cast down. As Paul said, we're cast down, but not forsaken. WE MAY FALL, BUT WE'RE NOT WORRIED ABOUT being cast into the abyss or a bottomless pit. FOR THE LORD UPHOLDETH him with his hand. Even when you've fallen, you're still in his hand. And then he says this to join the confidence of the good man as he walks in the steps that he's supposed to walk in. Even though he may fall, he says,"I have been young and now I'm old. I have a lot of experience is another way that David is saying it. Yet have I not seen the righteous forsaken, nor his seed begging bread. I I am my life and this scripture holds true as David. I join my amen with David. I've never seen the righteous forsaken nor his seed begging bread. This is the promise that's expressed. We're led by the spirit of God. Even in the face of dire warnings and things that are to come, we know we're upholded by his hand. We're moved by faith in the promise, not fear of the things that might be. Because it's God that determines our steps. It's actually his love for you that's ordering your life. Because what does it say in Romans chapter 8:35? Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Other words, the love of Christ is always there as a buffer. the the love of Christ is the safety net. The love OF CHRIST IS THE BOUNDARY. WHAT WAS IT WHEN GOD, Brother Bradam, dramatizes the the the the curse in the garden? A and he and he dramatizes it as they've already been banished and the ground has been cursed and they've already been dressed in these bleeding skins and as THEY'RE WALKING AWAY DEJECTED AND TORN, ALL OF A SUDDEN GOD SAYS, "STOP." AND BROTHER BAM DESCRIBES IT THAT WHAT DID THAT WAS LOVE DID that love did not allow Adam and the woman to leave FROM THE PRESENCE OF GOD WITHOUT A PROMISE OF REDEMPTION OR RESTORATION. SO YOUR LIFE CAN RUN A FOUL. YOUR LIFE CAN RUN A MUCK AND YOU CAN GO WAY FAR AND YOU CAN GO WAY DEEP. BUT THERE'S A BUFFER OF BLOOD AND THERE'S A LOVE BARRIER THAT'S GOING TO STOP YOU FROM GOING TOO far because his love will uphold you. NOTHING CAN SEPARATE you from the love of Christ. You can run as hard as you can. You can dig as deep as you want. YOU CAN GO AS HIGH AS YOU WANT TO GO. THOUGH I MAKE MY BED IN HELL, Y LO you are THERE WITH ME. WHY? HIS LOVE surrounds you. His love IS A BARRIER. HIS LOVE IS A HEDGE. HIS LOVE IS A PROTECTION. NO MATTER HOW MUCH HE ALLOWS US TO SUFFER IN BETWEEN. His love surrounds you. It'll keep you. It'll protect you because it's his love that's directing you in the end. And the message recognizing your day in its message. But the man says, "Israel's back there in her homeland. She don't know how she got back there. She was just automatically put back there." He says, "Why? National force put her in her place." Now, I'm going to say something. National force put Israel in her homeland. National force will put the church in the World Council of Churches. Now, there's a lot of different ways that you could group everybody together, but brother Brandham is essentially grouping all all of humanity under the power of national force. The Jews are moved by national force, exterior, physical, natural persecution. That that's what put Israel in their homeland. He's saying that national force, whether it be regulation and governments, a and this is this is preached in the summer of 64. brother sent me a banner and it said summer 64. I said, "Please tell me you're writing a song." But it's and he says it when he preaches at the time where he's preaching feast of the trumpets. So it's a week after he preaches feast of the trumpets. So he's he's joining this thought with things he's just said earlier how that all these things organizations and politics and governments and armies and economies and ALL THOSE THINGS THAT CAN only put the worldly churches and the denominations in their organizations. National force deals with Israel. National force deals with everyone else because everyone else is subject to national force. When the government does this, when this happens, when that happens, we all as humans, as citizens or whatever, are subject to the the rule of law and the governments and the decisions and the powers that exist within economies and municipalities and governments. And that's what puts citizens and and entities and institutions and organizations in their place. HE SAYS, "BUT THE POWER OF GOD WILL PUT THE PEOPLE IN the bride. Listen, we're not waiting for the right president to be elected to put the people in the bride. Oh my goodness, how far off the message have we GOTTEN IF WE'RE WAITING FOR JUST THE RIGHT PRESIDENT in order for the message to be effective? Well, I'm just waiting for there to be a woman with a skirt on in the PRESIDENTIAL OFFICE BEFORE WHAT? BEFORE WHAT? IF THAT IF THAT IS IN fact a thus sayeth the Lord that there must be a female president among the many genders that presently exist and there's going to be one that at least identifies maybe Trump will bail us out if he gets voted out. Maybe before the end of the year he'll identify as a female. I'm kidding. But even if that's true, that has no bearing on your election. That has no bearing on your RAPTURING FAITH. THAT WOULD ONLY deal with the church carnal. THAT WOULD ONLY HAVE RAMIFICATIONS TO OTHER TO TO OTHER PEOPLE BECAUSE IT'S THE POWER OF GOD THAT PUTS YOU IN THE BRIDE AND IT'S THE POWER OF GOD THAT GIVES YOU RAPTURING FAITH. Not listen, even though we're taught that Israel is a calendar and Israel is a time piece and there's things that happen in Israel that can give us indications and signs as to where WE ARE, BUT YOU'RE NOT STARING AT THE CLOCK. You don't just, oh, what did Israel do today? That because that's NOT WHERE OUR RAPTURING FAITH IS. WE'RE NOT just waiting for this red heer TO BE SLAIN, PUT ON THIS BRAZEN ALTAR OR SOMETHING TO HAPPEN IN ISRAEL TO GIVE US OUR RAPTURING FAITH. We've received what we need for rapturing faith. It is in the word. It is in this opening of the seals. THIS IS WHAT THE BRIDE'S FOOD. THE HIDDEN MANA. THE RAPTURING FAITH IS CONTAINED IN THE BODY WORD OF THE SON OF MAN. THAT'S WHAT I MUST FEED ON TO FLY OUT OF HERE. So all these external pressures and these things that are out there, God can use them and utilize them. And there's things that give us signs, things that give our attention. But at the end of the day, we're not looking to them to receive our positioning and to receive our rapture faith. We're looking to the power of God to do that. The power of God will put the people in the bride. So he says, "The world forces this way. The world forces that way, but God forces upward." So worldly force can't do for you what you want it to. The spirit of God, which is the word of God. My spirit is, my word is spirit and life. That's how sons and daughters of God are led. According to Romans 8, he says that by word is spirit and life WILL PUT THE BRIDE IN HER place cuz she'll recognize her position in the word that she's in Christ will put her in her place. No national force would do it, but the national force did drive Israel to the homeland. The national forces of the council of churches will drive every organization into it. But the power of God will raise the bride into glory out of it. Amen. I'm not worried about the being shuttled like cattle into a polling station where I'm going to have to choose which denomination do you want to go to and I'm going to have to stand there with a uh well maybe if guns get outlawed they won't have an AK-47 pointed at my head. They they'll have a green poison that they're going to put on my tongue and cause me to die. And I'm sitting there, OH MY GOODNESS, I'VE GOT TO CHOOSE. NO, THE THOSE forces work on denominations if they're to BE ALL THAT. BUT THE POWER OF GOD IS WHAT PUTS THE BRIDE IN HER PLACE. IT'S THE POWER OF GOD THAT'S GOING TO WORK WITHIN HER HEART TO GIVE HER POWER over her death for the time and the hour that she needs it. Now, in John chapter 16, there's Jesus. There's a number of things he says in this chapter, but I'm just going to pick up here in the first and then skip a little bit. John chapter 16:es 1-4. These things have I spoken unto you that you should not be offended. Again, he's saying hard things, difficult things, but he's not saying them to cause an offense. They shall put you. Now, notice what he says next. And say, well, this is offensive, right? They shall put you out of the synagogues. Yay, the time cometh that whosoever kleth you will think that he doeth God's service. Now, if you're picking up what he's laying down, he's saying you're going to get kicked out of church and then they're going to murder you. And the one that murders you is going to think they're doing God a service. But don't be offended, right? No offense, but you're going to get kicked out of your church and you're going to be murdered. But no offense. He says, "And these things will they do unto you because THEY HAVE NOT KNOWN THE father nor me. But these things have I told you." Ponder this. You're going to get kicked out of church and you're going to be crucified. You're going to be murdered. You're all going to die at the hands of people who think they're doing God a God a service. But I told you that when the time shall come, you may REMEMBER THAT I TOLD YOU of them. Now, think about it. That doesn't seem very comforting. Oh, I'm dying. I remember Jesus told me I was going to die. Doesn't feel very good. Oh, they kicked ME OUT OF CHURCH. I REMEMBER JESUS SAYING THIS WAS GOING TO HAPPEN. OH, THEY'RE hanging me. They're crucifying. THEY'RE THEY'RE STONING ME TO DEATH. I REMEMBER JESUS SAID THIS WAS GOING TO HAPPEN. HE'S NOT the the phrasing of it isn't merely for you to go, "Oh, I remember this." but rather that WHEN IT HAPPENS, THE FACT THAT HE TOLD YOU BEFOREHAND gives you confidence that God knew and had a purpose for it. The very fact THAT I WAS WORN A FORWARD TIME MEANS THAT GOD KNEW OF ME. HE SAW ME IN THIS SITUATION. THIS HASN'T CAUGHT HIM BY SURPRISE, NOR HAS IT CAUGHT ME BY SURPRISE. THEREFORE, I WILL NOT DESPAIR OF THE CONSEQUENCE. I WILL NOT DESPAIR OF THE OUTCOME. I WILL NOT BE FEARFUL OF WHAT'S TAKING PLACE, BUT I WILL REST IN A GOD WHO TOLD ME IT WOULD HAPPEN BEFORE. AND IF HE KNEW WHAT WOULD HAPPEN, IT WOULD HAPPEN BEFORE THEN HE KNOWS WHAT THE OUTCOME WILL BE. He says that when the time shall come, you may remember that I told you of them. And these things I said not unto you at the beginning, but because I was with you. So Jesus is warning them of things ahead of time and what they were to face. Now, to them, this was a physical scattering. I I I thought about this, the uh the Waffle House wounded, all the people have been scattered, scattered, scattered, and covered, and chunked, or whatever it is. I thought of all these different ways that the devil can try to beat up the body of Christ on his flat top griddle. But Jesus is speaking of a literal persecution, physical persecution, physical scattering. You're going to be scattered. YOU'RE GOING TO BE CHASED out of churches. You're going to be killed. You're going to be put to death. But those that put you to death are doing it because they don't know me. They don't know the father. They think they're doing God God a service, but it's not his will. And he's saying, but when this happens, remember I told you beforehand. So this is I want to focus on this aspect. And I'm going to jump to verses 31 and 33 here in a moment. The prophecy was not meant to cause fear. Jesus was not telling them that they were going to be kicked out of church so they would be afraid of being kicked out of church. He wasn't they he didn't want to become uh cause trepidation. HE DIDN'T WANT TO CAUSE DREAD. OH, WHEN is this going to happen? When is that going to happen? It was NOT MEANT TO INSPIRE fear of what was to come, BUT RATHER TO QUICKEN AND INSPIRE comfort and peace. He was telling this be them this beforehand. Even though it was a terrible THING TO PONDER, EVEN THOUGH IT WAS A HORRIBLE REALITY and if IT WOULD HAVE WASHED OVER them and they would have accepted it, sure it would have been normal for them to be FEARFUL AND DREADFUL OF WHAT THESE CONSEQUENCES WOULD BE. BUT THAT'S NOT WHAT THE PROPHECY INTENDED. THE PROPHECY INTENDED that they say IF JESUS IS TELLING ME BEFOREHAND THAT THIS IS WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN, I'M NOT AFRAID OF WHAT'S GOING TO HAPPEN, BUT I I WILL I REALIZE THAT GOD IS PREPARING ME. THIS GIVES ME COMFORT. This gives me strength. So, he's actually wanting THEM TO HAVE SHOULDERS back just like Peter ultimately did. Stephen, think about it. WHAT DID HOW did they face the persecution? Jesus even told Peter, "Peter, man, you're real quick to draw the sword. You're you're real quick to fight, but let me tell you something. You don't have what it takes yet." And he says, "Satan's desired to sift you like wheat." And he says, "But I've prayed for you." And he says, "And when thou art converted, no, if when strengthen the brethren." And then he and then Jesus told him, Peter, you're going to deny me. Why? Without that birth, without that new that resolve, he he did. He ended up denied the very one that drew the sword. But then one day, Peter had an audience. Something changed within Peter's heart. Peter was quickened to life. And then Peter could stand unafraid. And you look at his testimony. Even as Jesus prophesied to him and told him about his death, Peter could face it. Stevie could face it. All of them faced it in the face of death. And I imagine what they remembered is Jesus said, the word said, and they didn't have to shrink. They didn't have to be fearful. They didn't have to try to come up with some kind of contingency. They didn't have to plead. They didn't have to beg. They didn't have to compromise. Why? They knew the word had already spoken and they could face it with peace. And Jesus says it exactly this way in verses 31 and 33. Jesus answered and said, "Do ye now believe?" Now, he's trying he he's wanting them to think of their faith. Do you really have faith? Do you believe? Now if you really believe he says behold the hour cometh is now come that ye shall be scattered every man to his own. So what Jesus prophesied at the beginning of this chapter as we read it in a chapter was Jesus prophesied it earlier in his conversation to them. Do you have faith? Do you really believe me? He says then the time is now that what I told you beforehand. You're going to be scattered every man to his own and shall leave me alone. Yet I am not alone because the father is with me. He says, "These things I have spoken unto you. The persecution, the kicking out of church, the killing, being scattered. I've spoken these things unto you that in me you might have peace. In the world you shall have tribulation, but be of good fe of good cheer. I have overcome the world. Yes, in the world you're going to suffer tribulation. IN THE WORLD, YOU'RE going to suffer even physical DEATH." HE'S TELLING THE DISCIPLES, "BUT I'VE SAID THESE THINGS UNTO YOU THAT IN MY WORD YOU WOULD HAVE PEACE." AMEN. THEN IN WHAT I'VE ALREADY SPOKEN TO YOU, I'VE GIVEN YOU THE THE FAITH BY THE WORD OF GOD TO FACE THE CHALLENGE BECAUSE THIS IS WHAT YOU'RE ORDAINED TO. THE SPIRIT OF GOD IS GOING to lead you to this challenge. It's going to lead you TO THIS PLACE. STANDING FOR MY WORD, STANDING FOR THE TRUTH, STANDING FOR WHO I AM AS A SON OF GOD IS GOING TO PUT YOU IN THE PLACE AS A JEW WHERE ONE DAY YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE TO FACE YOUR ACCUSERS. YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE TO FACE ANGRY JEWS. YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE TO FACE STONING, FACE CRUCIFIXION. BUT I HAVE ALREADY TOLD YOU NOW BEFOREHAND, YOU'VE GOT THIS. YES, you were made FOR THIS, PETER. YOU WERE MADE FOR THIS, STEPHEN. YOU I'VE I'VE SPOKEN THIS BEFOREHAND THAT IN ME YOU MIGHT HAVE PEACE REGARDLESS OF WHAT'S IN THE WORLD, YOU CAN STAND STRONG, SHOULDERS BACK, KNOWING WHO YOU ARE. WHY? Because the prophecy was meant to cause faith. Even if it might seem very, very terrible, very, very fearful, it was meant to inspire faith. Therefore, there is no prophecy of trouble that ought to cause us to tense up or be in fear. If if Brother Brandham had prophesied, thus sayeth the Lord, on November 3rd, 2020, there will be a magnitude 12.0 earthquake that's going to strike the world, and it was thus sayeth the Lord, and the whole world is going to be shook. We should have no reason to be fearful. Amen. REGARDLESS OF HOW DIRE THE PROPHECY is and I made that up that don't try to find that. I'm just using it maybe as an extreme example just just to make the point that NO MATTER HOW DIRE A prophecy may be, NO MATTER HOW BAD IT MAY SEEM, WELL, THE BIBLE SAYS THIS, THE message says that. NO PROPHECY OF TROUBLE, NO PROPHECY OF PERSECUTION, NO PROPHECY OF SUFFERING, NO PROPHECY OF BEING SCATTERED OR ANYTHING LIKE THAT OUGHT TO CAUSE US TO TENSE UP. NOTHING THAT NOTHING THAT WAS SPOKEN BEFOREHAND OF ANY TROUBLE TO COME SHOULD EVER INSPIRE US TO FEAR. BUT THE MESSAGE SAYS THIS, it should NOT INSPIRE FEAR. THE BIBLE SAYS THIS, IT SHOULD NOT INSPIRE FEAR because these THINGS HAVE I SPOKEN UNTO you that IN ME MY WORDS YOU MIGHT HAVE PEACE. THERE'S GOING TO BE TRIBULATION IN THE WORLD, BUT BE OF GOOD CHEER. I HAVE OVERCOME THE WORLD. REMEMBER WHEN THOSE TIMES COME, REMEMBER THAT I HAVE TOLD YOU of them. There's no prophecy. I I I'm very grateful to the Lord. I've been seeking the L. I seek the Lord for before every service and I not not just before service. I get here and say, "Okay, what should I preach?" But uh just throughout the week and I just felt something in my heart pulling on me, tugging on me. I said, "Lord, I want to be sure that I I I minister the right things." And God began to deal with me on this subject. I began just to ponder it and and find certain scriptures come to my heart and different quotes. And then through the week, the tension and the stress and the pressure was getting so tremendous that my whole body was just physically tensing up to the point to where yesterday I was in so much pain I couldn't even breathe. It was hard for me to breathe, hard for me to concentrate. And I realized that I had so earnestly sought the Lord to know what is it that that you desire to speak to your people and I felt your stress because stress is different than happiness. We can be the happiest people in the world and be the most stressed out person on the block and so and and so that I could sense that stress and even a sister reached out to uh sister Elizabeth and was asking her questions and Elizabeth said what what should I say? I said well just wait till Sunday. We'll see if that helps because God has already had dealt with me on these things to share these things. There's nothing in the message that should cause us to hold our breath and tense up, rest. No matter how how how dire the prophecy may seem, no matter how terrible the future may seem to be in our eyes, because in a lot of ways, you might be marrying the word with an uncertainty and making it a lot more fearsome than it's supposed to be because you don't really know. So if your if your Frankenstein of uncertainty and prophecy starts to cause you fear, leave that creation alone. Now the body of Christ has always suffered trials. If if we're tensed up expecting trials to come, if we we have the sense that oh, it's going to be terrible times ahead and the economy is going to collapse and everyone's going to be uh uh housing market's going to be destroyed and gas prices are going to be $12. Whatever it might be, the body of Christ has always suffered trials. It's always gone through troubles and and tragedies. Even as groups, regional groups, or even as a body, there's a lot of different ways we can say that we've been a part of suffering. We've been a part of tragedies. Listen, the the body of Christ has not been exempt from death. The body of Christ has not been exempt from disease, hasn't been exempt from divorce. The things that CAN BE SO TERRIBLE AND gut-wrenching and and RIPPING APART OF DIVORCE AND disease and death AND DESTRUCTION, THE INDIVIDUAL MEMBERS OF THE BODY OF CHRIST, WE'VE ALL SUFFERED FROM THEM. The worst atrocities, THE GREATEST LOSSES, THE WORST FAILURES, NOBODY IN THE BODY OF CHRIST HAS been exempt from experiencing those things. As it says in 2 Timothy 3 11 and 12, persecutions, afflictions which came unto me at Antioch, at Iconium, at Lystra, what persecutions I endured, but out of them all the Lord delivered me. Now Paul just summarized a lot of abuse. You want to go back and read about these persecutions, the these afflictions which came to me at Antioch and Iconium and Lystra. He just kind of says it like, "Yeah, somebody called me a holy roller. Yeah, somebody said I was a false prophet. Boy, you should have seen what they posted on Facebook about me. None of that. I think it was Lystra. He was beaten and left for dead. He actually thought he was going to die. He says, "I was so far gone and thought I was going to die that I just trusted in a God that would raise me for the dead from the dead." In other words, Paul was so sure in his calling that he wasn't afraid of death because he knew that if he died, God would have to raise him up again because he had a work to do. SO, DEATH COMPLETELY LOST HIS POWER OVER HIM. YOU'RE GOING TO KILL ME? OH, NEAT. I'm going to get raised from the dead. THAT WAS LITERALLY HIS RESPONSE. OKAY, THEN GOD MUST GOD IS going to have to raise me from the dead. That must be what's going to happen next BECAUSE HE SO WHATEVER THE DEVIL COULD DO TO HIM, IT LOST ITS POWER OVER HIM. We're going to break your arm. Well, all I need is one. We're going to break the other one. Well, then I must not need either of them. What is that? I heard a Baptist preacher say it one time. He said, "I'm going to He said, "Fight the devil till his arm fell off and then he and then he bite the devil till his teeth fell out and then gum him to death." That's exactly how we ought TO BE. IF THAT'S all I've got left, I'M GOING TO GUM THE DEVIL TO DEATH BECAUSE I WHATEVER I HAVE IS WHAT GOD WANTS ME TO USE. And then so he really summarizes a lot of terrible circumstances in a very quick way. But then he says, "Yay, in all that will live godly in Christ Jesus shall suffer persecution." Believers in all ages have suffered persecution. Believers in all ages have suffered devastation. They've been visited with disaster. And and this is now I could look at it this way. There's been believers that have been part of um regional catastrophes, whether it be a tsunami or an earthquake or fires and floods. There's believers that have um been negatively impacted. And that's a real uh uh sugary way to say death and disease and great loss and terrible tragedies to children and loved ones. But believers have around the world have ex um suffered loss. There's times where hurricanes can pass through and a church can testify, "We didn't lose one thing, not even a tree branch on the ground." But then a brother lose his entire house. And you don't go, "I wonder how much Netflix he's been watching." You don't do it. You just REALIZE THINGS HAPPEN. GOD ALLOWS IT FOR A PURPOSE. YOU DON'T DESPAIR. YOU DON'T YOU DON'T TRY TO BE THE one that says IT'S JUST THE JUDGMENTS OF GOD. The the believers through all ages have suffered great calamities. I reached out to brother Jason Demarss as I was pondering it this past week. I thought, man, he he could probably just tell me things that have happened within the last decade that believers around the world have gone through with respect to persecution. And he shared with me how that in Iran, dozens of ministers have been imprisoned. Churches have been shut down. Churches have had to go underground in in Iran. There's specific persecution on the believer in Iran because of the message of the hour and then even upon Christianity in general. In China, there's three ministers that are still in jail. Church services. Uh um that's why I tell brother Tom, brother Tom, don't worry about how you lead songs. In China, they can't even have a song service because it would alert their neighbors to the fact that something different's going on next door because they have to do things in secret. It can't be like this where you just put the sign on the door and everybody comes walking in and carrying Bibles and you know we'll work till Jesus comes and just letting everybody know we're a Christian. We got Malachi 4:5 on our license plate. You go to China and you can't let anybody know. So it's persecution, DOORS BEING SHUT, CHURCHES BEING UNDERGROUND. THIS HAPPENS ALL THE TIME. I remember a brother in Barus, brother Jason Watkins, sharing with me testimonies of being in in these uh these communistic countries where you couldn't have a CHURCH SERVICE. IT WAS ALWAYS UH uh uh had to be undercover. It had to be done in a way which was unassuming. In Pakistan, brother Anoir Javed, he received death threats for the message. Had his house and his church burned down. That's just within the last 10 to 15 years. These are things that have happened to believers. These are things that happened to people who believe this message. So persecution, suffering, calamity, even if because of what you believe, the believer is not exempt from it. The Bible says in Psalms 34:19, "Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord deliver him out of them all." We could say that all that LIVE GODLY IN CHRIST JESUS SHALL SUFFER PERSECUTION. WE COULD say many are the afflictions of the righteous. AND SO THERE'S NO promise that says we will not sorrow. THERE'S NO PROMISE THAT SAYS WE WILL NEVER BE TROUBLED. And and and and I I would if I COULD IF I COULD FIND IT, THEN I WOULD USE ALL THOSE SCRIPTURES. I'D PUT TOGETHER A REALLY NICE SLIDE DECK AND AND I WOULD HAVE ALL THE QUOTES AND I'D PIECE IT TOGETHER AND BUTTON IT UP AND I WOULD PREACH FOUR HOURS KNOWING IT WOULD BE WORTH IT TO SAY, "LOOK, THE BIBLE HAS SAID THERE WILL BE NO SORROW. THERE'LL BE NO TROUBLE. THERE'LL BE NO DIFFICULTY IN THIS LIFE. EVERYTHING IS JUST GOING TO be peachy king. Everything's going to be perfect. YOU WON'T CRY. AND JUST LINE IT ALL UP FOR YOU. THE ONLY REASON WHY YOU'VE HAD ANY TROUBLE IS YOU DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT THESE VERSES. And you didn't know about these quotations. AND NOW THAT WE KNOW THEM, WE CAN LIVE THIS UH HAPPY LIFE WITH NO TROUBLE, NO CALAMITY. The next service, all of our loved ones ARE GOING TO GET BAPTIZED AND AND YOU'RE GOING TO GET A RAISE AND everything's going to be wonderful. You can BE DRIVING THE CAR YOU WANT. BUT LISTEN, I CAN'T FIND IN THE WORD A PROMISE THAT SAYS YOU WON'T SUFFER. I CAN'T FIND A PROMISE IN THE WORD THAT SAYS YOU WON'T SUFFER PERSECUTION. YOU WON'T WEEP. YOU WON'T SORROW. BUT I CAN SEE THAT HE'S PROMISED GOOD FROM IT. I can see that he's promised he'll never leave you in it. Trouble, suffering, difficulty, calamity, whatever it is, many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord deliverth him out of them all. Romans chapter 8 verse 28. And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called according to his purpose. How many have heard that voice that that verse before? Anybody ever heard that? Now, how many have quoted it before? I think even Jack's quoted it probably. Hey, funny story. Speaking of the donkey in the room, Jack walked up to someone visiting our house the other day and he said, "I'm Mike Kelly and I approve this message. [laughter] Oh boy. So the I I don't know if we have to plug Msali now since we're at church, but I thought that was funny. So he quotes all sorts of things. We know that all things work together for good. Now you ought to be certain that you are those that God loves. You are called according to his purpose. If you've accepted that, now that's the area devil will fight with you. To doubt whether or not he loves you, to doubt whether you're called, that's a different series alto together, right? But all it takes is a moment for that to be resolved. Doctrally, it's a series. You know, teaching wise, it's a series. But all it takes for a moment for you to resolve between you and God any doubt or any fear that he loves you. All it takes is a moment for him to resolve any question that you're the called. And if you're if you can rest in your calling and rest in his love, he says all things are working together for the good. A suffering is pregnant with the promise of glory. If you're suffering, glory is coming. Every trial, every difficulty has a promise because he says, "All things work together." All things work together for good. All things, no matter what it is, what things? All things. There's only one thing that doesn't work together for good. Nothing. BECAUSE GOD'S USING ALL THINGS. HE'S WORKING ALL THINGS TOGETHER FOR OUR GOOD. NOW, if you really want to scratch your head, the context of this, if you go back to Romans chapter 8, I wanted to read the whole chapter, but we're fast very quickly running out of time. The context OF WHAT PAUL IS SAYING IS SUFFERING, INFIRMITIES, TRIBULATION, DISTRESS, PERSECUTION, FAMINE, POVERTY, DANGER, DEATH. SO, he's not saying, you know, there's no more, you know, uh, quesadillas at Taco Bell, but all things work together for the good. There's no more, you know, hamburger meat at Freddy's or all these weird things that we've been suffering from this year because of the pandemic. What do you mean a a burger restaurant doesn't have burgers anymore? But that's not where it says ALL THINGS WORK TOGETHER FOR THE GOOD. YEAH, YOU KNOW, YOU COULD GO SOMEWHERE AND THE DOORS ARE CLOSED, SO YOU GO SOMEWHERE else and you run into somebody. That's God working all things together for the good. It's applicable on every level. But the context is suffering, infirmities, tribulation, distress, persecution, famine, nakedness, peril, SWORD. THOSE things work together for the good. CAN ANY OF YOU TESTIFY THAT GOD WORKS ALL THINGS TOGETHER FOR THE GOOD? DISTRESS, POVERTY, DEATH, WHATEVER IT MAY BE. MY TESTIMONY IS IN THIS THERE IS GOOD. Brother Brandham says in the church age book, he may commit you to death as he did Paul. He may commit you to suffering as he did Job. That is his prerogative. He is sovereign, but it is all with a purpose. If he did not have a purpose, then he would be the author of frustration and not of peace. His purpose is that after we have suffered a while, we would be made perfect, be established, strengthened, and settled. No matter what it is, this is a known known. We know this. No matter what happens, I know his purpose is that I be made perfect, be established, strengthened, and settled. If he if he didn't have a purpose, what we go through authors frustration and not peace. So, it's not what we go through that determines whether or not we have peace or frustration, but it's the understanding and revelation that if I'm going through it, he has a purpose. He says, "These things I've spoken to you that in me you might have peace. When these things happen, remember that I told you before so that he's the author of peace, not frustration." There's a part place in the scripture John 7:30 he says then they sought to take him but no man laid hands on him because his hour was not yet come. What governed the powers that be around Jesus? The prophecy, not the people, not the politics, not the rhetoric, not the hatred. They wanted to crucify him. They were looking to do it. and that they that sought to take him, they wanted to take him, but they couldn't because his hour was not yet come. That means prophecy is what determines your destiny. WHAT GOD HAS SPOKEN IS WHAT'S GOING TO TAKE UH going to rule the day in your life. THEREFORE, NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS, IF THERE'S A PURPOSE, GOD'S PURPOSE CANNOT BE THWARTED. GOD'S PURPOSE CANNOT BE UPSET. WE'RE NOT AFRAID OF WHAT MAN CAN DO TO US BECAUSE WHATEVER MAN DOES, GOD WILL ONLY ALLOW IT TO FULFILL HIS PURPOSE. He says it didn't happen. They couldn't take HOLD OF HIM BECAUSE HIS HOUR WAS NOT YET COME. OKAY. NOW, I want to blame you all for this service being so long. I I'll wait to blame you, but I'm just flat out running out of time here. So uh let me let me just try to um navigate this. If the bride faces persecution, specific persecution, because of the results of an election and certain powers being in the in the Senate and being in the House and and and governments changing and everything, if the bride's going to face it, if because of economic fallout, there's a global famine or this the diseases that are taking place in the world and even this global pandemic or there's some kind of trial, not the tribulation, but some kind of tribulation that's going to come and we're all as believers Even some of us being as part of economies or citizens of states or whatever it may be. If we suffer difficulty, the bride is either protected or perfected. Amen. You're either exempt from it or you're ordained to go through it in order for your protection. SO NO MATTER WHAT IT IS, I'M NOT AFRAID OF WHAT'S COMING. Fear is not going to do me any good. As a matter of fact, the scripture teaches us that the things we fear come upon us. And you go, "I told you there was going to be a persecution. I told you I was going to lose my house. I told you I was going to be robbed. I told you. I told you. You were so afraid of it. You just brought it to you." See, there was only one house in the entire valley that was looted on election night. And it WAS YOUR HOUSE. ONLY ONE HOUSE. [laughter] ONLY ONE PERSON HAD THEIR TIRES SLASHED. ONLY ONE PERSON WHO DOESN'T HAVE TOILET PAPER. ONLY ONE PERSON. I knew that was going to happen. I just knew it. I just knew it. That's just how much power you have. The things THAT JOB FEARED CAME UPON HIM. DON'T FEAR. PLEASE DON'T FEAR ANYTHING ABOUT ME. Don't fear. DON'T BE WORRISOME. DON'T BE UPSET. WHATEVER'S TO COME, GOD'S EITHER GOING TO ORDAIN US FOR IT, FOR OUR PERFECTION, OR HE'S GOING TO PROTECT US FROM IT. The Hebrew children were ordained to that fire, but he met them in it and protected them. DANIEL WAS ORDAINED FOR THE LION'S DEN, but he closed the LION'S MOUTH. THERE'S NO FIRE THAT WE'RE AFRAID TO WALK INTO. THERE'S NO DEN THAT WE'RE AFRAID OF BEING CAST INTO. THERE'S NO CIRCUMSTANCE THAT WE SHOULD BE AFRAID OF. In Acts chapter 11, it says that there was a prophecy by Agabus that signified by the spirit of the Lord that there would be a great darth. It'd be a great famine throughout all the world. And it says WHICH CAME TO PASS IN the days of Claudius Caesar. So here's a prophet that stands up to the church and HE SAYS THERE'S GOING TO BE A FAMINE ON THE LAND. THERE'S GOING TO BE A FAMINE THAT COMES INTO OUR REGION. AND IT SAYS, "And it came to pass." Now, was that prophecy meant to cause everyone to be afraid? Thus sayeth the Lord, there's going to be a famine that's going to afflict this region, going to afflict these people. Was it to cause everyone? Oh no. Oh no. Notice what happens. Then the disciples, every man according to his ability, determined to send relief unto the brethren which dwelt in Judea, which also they did, and sent it to the elders by the hands of Barnabas and Saul. SO ONE PROPHESIED OF A FAMINE AND another part of the body made provision in the midst of it. THERE'S NO PROPHECY OF CALAMITY, DESTRUCTION, DISEASE, FAMINE, TOLL, ECONOMIC CHAOS THAT SHOULD CAUSE US TO DESPAIR. BUT [screaming] GOD WILL USE THE RESOURCES THAT ARE NECESSARY TO UPHOLD YOU, TO CLOTHE YOU, TO FEED YOU, TO PROVIDE FOR YOU, EVEN IF IT COMES FROM THE BODY. AND BARNABAS AND SAUL ARE OUT PASSING IT OUT. AMEN. It speaks to even a time when it came to pass a great dirt, a famine came in the land. GOD USED THE body to provide for the body. In Matthew chapter 24, we read it in our text. We'll just leave it up there for you to read these events that take place where he says that the flee from Judea to the mountains and if you're on the housetop, don't come down. Don't take it with you. Just flee. Don't return back to get your clothes. Woe to them that is with child. Jesus describes this terrible, terrible scene. This is fulfilled in 70 AD. It's a prophecy of Jesus that's fulfilled when Titus besieged Jerusalem. And it was such a a horrible siege that it caused a famine within Jerusalem. There was no way to have uh there was no provision coming in. They besieged it. They they surrounded it and there was no food coming in. So, it caused a famine. The people resorted to cannibalism. And I wonder how Uber Eats was thriving in those days. They're resorting they were resorting to the most awful horrific things. And there was tremendous bloodshed. Josephus the the writer Jewish historian claims that 1.1 million people were killed. 1,100,000 people were killed in the siege. That's a terrible time. That's just in Jerusalem. We're not talking about the world. We're talking about one place, but notice Jesus told him it was going to happen. Now, it may seem to be cryptic. Well, when you see this desolation spoken of by Daniel, when this prophecy is brought to pass, you who are that see these things coming, FLEE. GET OUT OF JERUSALEM. WHY? They Jesus knew there was going to be a siege. Here's a prophecy in symbolic form still in many ways, but yet it's instructed to the believer. Notice what brother Brandham says. According to the history, there wasn't one of them that believed in Jesus and believed the word, but was watching for that to happen. And they escaped and went from Jerusalem into Judea and fled for their lives. And not one of them, BECAUSE THEY WERE WARNED BY THEIR SHEPHERD, WAS WATCHING for that hour to come. WHEN THEY HEARD TITUS WAS COMING, THEY TOOK OFF, RUN for their lives, AND GOT OUT OF THE CITY. SO EVEN THOUGH JESUS PROPHESIED OF SOMETHING TERRIBLE ABOUT TO HAPPEN, BROTHER BRANDHAM SAYS THAT ACCORDING TO HISTORY, NOT ONE BELIEVER WAS CAUGHT IN THE CITY BECAUSE THEY WERE WARNED BY THE WORD BEFOREHAND. THEY BELIEVED THE WORD AND THAT PROPHECY MOVED UPON THEM AND MOTIVATED THEM AND SENT THEM OUT OF THE CITY BEFORE THEY WOULD SUCCUMB TO THE THE SIEGE. AMEN. The word spoken beforehand was their protection. They didn't subscribe to a newsletter. They didn't have the best algorithm. THEY DIDN'T WATCH THIS NEWS STATION. They didn't get together and prognosticate about it. BUT THEY HAD A WORD BEFOREHAND THAT THE SPIRIT QUICKENED to them. THIS IS WHAT JESUS SAID. GET OUT, FLEE, RUN. AND NOT ONE OF THEM WAS TRAPPED INSIDE. AMEN. NOW, if we can look back in Acts 11 and Matthew chapter 24 and many other places in the Bible where God spoke of a calamity to come, but made provision to escape it. Even we could think of how Elijah a famine in the land. He was sustained by ravens for many days. And then what he says, I've commanded a widow woman to sustain you. God's word is always associated with provision and promise. So what has God spoken about today? Are you talk in the elephant in the room? I mean over the last several months there's been a lot of talk about germ warfare and plagues and I think a lot of that's kind of sorted itself out. A lot of people who said well if you get corona virus you don't have the Holy Ghost and then they test positive say you know I never really believe that anyways. So a lot of this stuff is just resolving itself on its own. But there's a lot of talk of persecution. There's a lot of talk talk talk of changing politics and and and we're we're so focused on oh no what's going to happen in America. America it's been prophesied of her and the things even Paul talks about it. The things that you don't worry about the things that are being accomplished are accomplished in your brethren and elsewhere. Just look around the world. The believer has suffered persecution in every decade. But it's the promise for the hour. That's what we're looking at. There's talk of diseases and economic distress. We see certain things taking place in the world and then we remember there's certain things that were said in the message and we start to wonder is this what brother man was talking about and what do we do? We take the rumor and we take the quote and we start trying to make it fit and what sometimes we create a monster and we just let that monster sit right there in our house. Oh my goodness gracious. Brother Man said this. CNN said this. Oh my goodness. Or worse, Alex Jones said this. Oh my goodness. OH MY GOODNESS. OH MY GOODNESS. OH MY GOODNESS. GET ALL YOUR CASH OUT OF THE [screaming] BANK. OH MY GOODNESS. Do you know what's going to happen? AND WE'RE A COMPLETE BASKET CASE. But you've created the monster. I want to challenge you. And I'm going to run out of time in in speaking on this. I'm certainly gonna run out of time this morning, but and maybe I'll pick this up on Wednesday night if we're all here. But what has God spoken for today? What has he said about today? And when we look at these things he said about today, are we taking the whole promise into consideration or have we already made it a monster by the way that we grabbed at it? Brother said this was going to happen and then he also said this was going to happen. But we only take this Lego piece and then we add it to this Lego piece and we're creating something that doesn't fit but yet IT LOOMS VERY LARGE IN OUR PSYCHE, VERY large in our lives and that way are we just presuming? Does your creation inspire fear or faith? IF IT HAS INSPIRED FEAR, TEAR IT DOWN, GET RID OF IT. GO HOME TODAY, TAKE THAT MONSTER AND JUST DESTROY IT. CAST OUT THAT IDOL. YOU KNOW, DON'T SUBSCRIBE TO THOSE THINGS. DON'T FEED ON THOSE THINGS. DON'T LISTEN TO THOSE THINGS. THEY'RE ONLY INSPIRING FEAR AND DOUBT. AND YOU'RE TRYING TO CREATE A HYBRID BY TAKING THE MESSAGE AND JOINING IT TO IT. AND IT'S NOT DOING FOR YOU WHAT THIS MESSAGE OUGHT TO DO. TAKE IT UNFILTERED THE MESSAGE. DON'T FILTER IT THROUGH REDDIT. DON'T FILTER IT THROUGH TWITTER. DON'T FILTER THROUGH SOCIAL MEDIA. DON'T LET THEM BE YOUR FILTER. Take it straight from the word of God. Now, I'm going to skip a few places here. Just going to mention this real quick. We can always come back and do this another time. In Look Away to Jesus, this is the sermon where brother Brandham talks about the third pull. And let me say this, our focus shouldn't be on the push. It should be on the pull. The world's going to push you around. Going to be a lot of shoving, a lot of squeezing, a lot of tightening. That's that's been prophesied. Now, it's not always the way we think it's going to be because it's prophecy. But our focus isn't on the push. It's on the pull. What is the attraction? Not the distraction. As a believer, you are attracted to the word and distracted by the world. The non-elect are attracted to the world. Therefore, the word is a distraction. But you, it's in you. You are attracted to the word. Everything else is a distraction. And a look away to Jesus. Brother talks about how the third pull's been vindicated, but he talks about how a counseling is tightening up. The Pentecostals can impersonate anything. When that time comes, when the squeeze comes down, then you'll see what you've seen temporarily be manifested in the fullness of its power. And this is where brother Brandham talks about this time coming and the the pressure that's coming. But in this he's saying the third pull's properly identified. The third pull is here. This is the thing that I believe will start rapturing faith for the going away. Then he says referring to Revelations 13, it's a coming time where this nation is going to exercise all the power that the beast had. And he calls it papal Rome. Talks about how the lamb represented religion. the Roman denomination, a marked Protestant denomination, an image under the beast, making a power that'll force all Protestants like a union. Who? Protestants, the force that works upon THE NON-ELECT, NATIONAL FORCE. He says, well, it's practically that way now. You can't go to church and preach preach unless you have a fellowship card or some identification on persons like ourselves. We're going to be cut out of all of that alto together. That's exactly because they won't be able to do it. That's exact That's exactly because they won't be able to do it. What? Force you into it. It's tightening. And when that time comes and the press comes to a place where YOU'RE PRESSED OUT, THEN WATCH WHAT I'm fixing to tell you in A FEW MINUTES. WATCH THE third pull. It'll be absolutely to the total loss, but it'll be for the bride and the church. Now, I this is my opinion. Most often we focus on the tightening, the squeeze, and even the squeeze. We call it the squeeze when I think he only referred to it one time as the squeeze, but he calls it the tightening, the press, the squeeze coming, all these pressures coming in. They're trying to force you, but they won't be able to for do it, BUT IT'S TIGHTEN. AND WHEN THAT TIME COMES, HE GOES, I I I want you to watch WHAT I'M FIXING TO TELL YOU IN A FEW MINUTES. Because he says this right at the beginning of THE SERMON HE'S PREACHING. WATCH THE THIRD PULL. Then now if I could say it THIS WAY, HE'S NOT SAYING WATCH THE THIRD PULL. WELL, look at IT THIS WAY. NOT WATCH THE THIRD pull then, but watch the third pull then. Why watch everything else? WHY GET CAUGHT UP and concerned with everything that's going on? They're going to tighten. THEY'RE GOING TO JOIN their organizations. They're going to do they're going to succumb TO NATIONAL FORCE. WHY should we be looking at everything else that's HAPPENED IN THE WORLD? HE SAYS, "THEN WATCH THE THIRD PULL." RIGHT? WATCH THE WORD OF GOD. But let me say this TO THE POINT THAT WE'VE MADE ALL ALONG. HE DIDN'T PROPHESY A TIGHTENING. HE DIDN'T PROPHESY A SQUEEZE. He didn't prophesy a persecution to cause despair. No. That we would be fearful of a squeeze. We'd be fearful of a tightening. That we'd be fearful of some kind OF PERSECUTION. BUT THE PROPHECY IS POINTING TO THE PROMISE of protection. Amen. because he connects the tightening, the persecution, the squeeze to THE SPIRIT OF PAPLE ROME. And he says this is a SPIRIT THAT WHAT? CRUCIFIES THE WORD. So it it's ALL UNDERCOVER TO CAUSE SPIRITUAL PERSECUTION, NOT STRIP away your rights, right? Because this is le oysia. You you're going to have your right to do whatever you want, marry whatever you want, live however you want. IT'S DEMOCRACY WITHOUT AN ANCHOR. It's just going to end up in all sorts of nonsense and fanaticism. BUT WHAT'S THE DRIVE OF THE ECUMENICAL MOVEMENT? WHAT'S THE DRIVE OF PAPAL ROME? BROTHER CALLS IT PAGAN ROME. WHAT'S THE DRIVE OF IT? TO SNUFF OUT THE REVEALED WORD. So he's saying when THE SQUEEZE COMES, THE TIGHTENING COMES, THE PERSECUTION COMES. IT'S NOT ON ALL CHRISTIANS AND THOSE NAMING WHO JESUS CHRIST IS. IT'S A DIRECT AFFRONT against the manifestation OF THE TRUTH IN HER ALONE. So it's A SPIRITUAL WARFARE AGAINST THE TRUTH. I'm I'm just going to stop. Uh I'm going to leave that. We'll get back to it. But Brandham says what he's preaching. He says, "Watch. It's all coming. the press, the squeeze, the tightening. Then watch what I'm fixing to tell you in the next few minutes. Look away to Jesus. Look away from the tightening to Jesus. Look away from persecution to Jesus. Look away from the squeeze to Jesus. We could spend the rest of our lives around a table full of good Mexican food talking about the squeeze, the persecution, the pressure, the the the destruction of America, morals, economies. But what good would that do? We've received We've seen the sign of Sodom. We've seen the sign of the days of Noah. I want to look at the Son of Man. Amen. Look away from all that to Jesus. He says, "And there is a man here who can turn on the light." It was that morning, same morning that he preached, "Look away to Jesus." He says, "When the persecution comes, don't get scared." There is a light said he would catch his people away. So, I'm not I'm not saying what it may look like, but he's saying whatever it may be, don't be afraid of it. There's disease, there's pestilence, there's suffering in the world today. Amen. There there all of us in some way have been all of us have been impacted by co 19. There's not one person who hasn't been. You never know what the next thing might be. There's regulations that can be put into place that severely restrict certain industries. There's there's failures of economies. There's fraud that could exist on a government level where you're going to find out that an entire country is absolutely bankrupt. It's been propped up by lies. There's nothing to it. An entire countries could collapse overnight. Economies could fail. It could start a domino effect that who knows what it's going to be. But we're not afraid of it. I don't even need to try to dig through quotes and say, "Well, Brother Brandham said here that this was going to happen and that this was going to happen and try to build a case that we better all get ready and stock up on canned beans or whatever to prepare for what's coming next." My message is to you, don't fear what's coming. There are going to be difficulties ahead. WHY? BECAUSE THERE'S ALWAYS BEEN DIFFICULTIES AHEAD. How many have been in this message more than 30 years? Raise your hand. How many have heard it preached for over 30 years? THERE'S TOUGH TIMES COMING. THERE'S DARK DAYS AHEAD. THIS IS GOING TO BE A DIFFICULT TIME. THINGS ARE GOING TO BE TROUBLESOME. AND WHAT HAPPENED? IT HAPPENED. BUT IT'S ALWAYS BEEN THAT WAY. BUT OUR FOCUS IS NOT ON THE DARKNESS. IT'S ON THE LIGHT. THE FOCUS ISN'T ON MAN AND WHAT HE CAN DO UNTO ME. BUT IT'S ON THE MAN WHO'S HERE WHO CAN TURN ON THE LIGHT AND RAPTURE THAT CHURCH. Brother Brandham says in the message third Exodus, he says, "Faith finds the word, its sanctuary of rest. It moves right up on the top of that eternal rock, Christ Jesus, the word, and lays down there in rest. Let the winds howl. Let the storm shake. She is safe ever more. She rest right there on that word. That's where faith, genuine Christian faith, rest. Resting place is the word. For it knows that God will ever prove himself superior over every one of his enemies. NO MATTER HOW BAD IT LOOKS and how the enemy has come in and how it looks like you are defeated, faith still knows. Let the winds howl. Let the storms shake. She is safe ever more. Do you believe that? No matter WHAT THE FUTURE HOLDS, THE BRIDE IS SECURE. HE SAID THE STABILIZERS HAVE BEEN PUT ON THE SHIP. SHE'LL CREST every wave. THERE'S nothing that we should be fearful of. AND I I LEFT OUT A LOT IN THIS. AND MAYBE if the Lord would lead us to do it, maybe we might just pick up on it on Wednesday night. But as I pondered all these THINGS AND I THOUGHT ABOUT these scriptures and these statements and all these prophecies that set before us and even our tendencies sometimes to join the things that brother Brandham said about persecution and oncoming trouble and calamity and say, "Oh, this is it. This is what he talked about." Because we're trying to create some climactic event that brings everything to a head. And I go back to the beginning. Uncertain things are not certain. Creating a hybrid of uncertainty with the word wherein it's your own creation will only inspire doubt. But if there's a promise of persecution or a prophecy of destruction or whatever it might be, don't miss out on the promise. And everywhere I look in the message of the hour, where I find there's persecution, there's a promise. Where I find there's destruction, there's a way of escape. There's no place IN THE MESSAGE OF THE HOUR, EVEN IF YOU WANT TO FABRICATE THIS IS WHAT IT IS OR SPECULATE THIS IS WHAT IT IS. THERE'S NOWHERE WHERE BROTHER BRANDHAM IS SAYING YOU BETTER GET READY BECAUSE YOU'RE GOING TO DIE. YOU BETTER GET READY BECAUSE YOU'RE GOING TO BE FORSAKEN. YOU BETTER GET READY BECAUSE YOU'RE GOING TO BE NAKED AND HUNTED DOWN AND CAST ASIDE AND PERSECUTED AND DIE. Because let me say this, the prevailing promise for this age is not the grave, but the promise for this hour is life and provision. GOD HAS NOT PROPHESIED that a bride will face death and be willing to give into it and have to give her life. He's prophesied that the bride as a collective if she faces persecution, if she faces disease, if she faces UH DESTRUCTION AND CHURCH DOORS CLOSE, WHATEVER PRESSURES POLITICAL, SOCIAL COME TO BEAR ON THE BODY OF CHRIST AS A WHOLE, IT CANNOT PRODUCE DEATH. WE ARE NOT AFRAID OF DEATH. WHY? BECAUSE THE PROMISE OF THIS AGE, THIS TIME IS LIFE AND PROVISION. AMEN. There's nothing you should be afraid of. Absolutely nothing. I see God gathering people together, even in local churches, for strength and hours like this. Could you imagine being on your own without fellowship, left to all your Frankensteines you've created in the message in your house on election night, but you'll have a body who's committed to be praying for one another. Amen. I'm not praying about an outcome out there. I'm praying about an income in here. Amen. That your faith will raise to a level to believe that all things are possible. That you're confident in him who made the promise. Because what one of the titles I thought about naming this was you got this. I don't know what the the future holds. I don't have an answer to all the questions. Say, well, brother Aaron, brother Bam said this. What does it mean? I I don't have the answers to all the questions. And any man that says he does, I'd be lerary of all his answers. But I know who holds the future. I know who's holding us. I know who's directing your steps. And I believe you got this. No matter what the future holds, you've got this. Brother Brandham says, "An anointed ones at the end time." He says, "An eagle is a special built bird. There's nothing like him on the earth. If a buzzard tried to follow him or any other bird, he'd disintegrate. His follys would be made manifest. Sure enough, he says he'd blow up. He'd disintegrate. And I skipped a little bit there. His body isn't put together with the structure to hold him up there. When he gets in them great spheres up yonder, he isn't made, ordained, predestinated, born an eagle, he will bust to pieces. The feathers would fly out of his wings and he'd fall to the earth. Sure. He can't follow the eagle in height. If he tries to, his folly will be made manifest. Let me put it to you this way. Whatever's coming, you're made for it. You're built for it. You're built for the pressure. You're built for the circumstances. You're built for the uniqueness of the time. Whatever it may be, you're built for it. So, there's nothing you have to be afraid of. He says the eagle is a special built bird. Others will go through the very same thing that the eagle's going through and they disintegrate. HE SAYS WHAT? THEIR FOLLY IS made manifest. But there is no folly to be made manifest. The only thing that'll prove in the end is that you believe that you stand sure that you're certain about him. Let's stand to our feet. You're made for this. the Lord would lead and you could just pray if God would direct us that way we can just pick up a lot of these things that we left off. But you're made for this. What key did you play? Uh magnify the Lord with me in Psalms 31. It was indeed we just could sing that again with our heads bowed and would you want to cast your cares on him? Just cast your cares on him. I certainly don't mean to make light of any [music] situation you may be going through to suggest at all that there's not those that know certain things are coming personally. But what I would want to encourage you in is confidence that he's made you for such a time as this. Amen. Let's have [music] just bow our heads and pray. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, I thank you for the attentiveness of the people, the sincerity with [music] which they pull on the word. And Lord, how that within their hearts they long, Lord, for more of you. And Lord, I can sense it as the word is going forth, their sincerity and their hunger pains, Lord, for more of you. And I pray, Father, that as you have shared your heart with us today [music] to remind us that in difficult times and times of trouble and great calamity, that the bride has nothing to fear. that the prophecies that lay within the word of God that speak of a squeeze, a tightening, a persecution is never meant to cause fear, but that we would know if it happens in the way that we're expecting it to. If it happens in a way that would cause us to be separated, if it happened in a way that would cause loss, then we remember that you spoke it beforehand that we would realize that these things are for our perfection. In other words, Lord, there's just no basis upon which we need to despair of life, that we need to despair of trouble or hardship, but just trust in you. And Father, we cast all our cares on you today. And I pray that you'd settle the people's nerves, Lord, and just relieve them of their stress. Sanctify our minds and hearts, Lord. If we've created any monsters, we pray that you'd break them and destroy them. Lord, if there be any any hybrid ideas where we've taken the message and joined it with rumor and speculation and conspiracy theory and what the news is telling us, Lord, may we divide those things again. And may we only see modern events that are made clear by [music] prophecy. We commit ourselves to you today, praying your blessing upon the people as we worship, as we're soon [music] dismissed. strengthen us we pray by your word in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen.
