################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2020-11-29 - 12 ...God Created - Aaron McGeary.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2020-11-29
Title:   12 ...God Created
Speaker: Aaron McGeary
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_PyOnZ505A
========================================

Description:
12 ...God Created
Bro. Aaron McGeary
Sunday Service: November 29,  2020
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Romans chapter 8. I'd like to read Romans chapter 8 verses 17-2. Romans chapter 8 and then verse 17 to verse 25. And if children then hes of God and joint hes with Christ, if so be that we suffer with him, that we may al be also glorified together. For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God. For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who hath subjected the same in hope. because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God. For we know that the whole creation groanth and travaleth in pain together until now. And not only they, but ourselves also, which have the first fruits of the spirit, even we ourselves grown within ourselves, waiting for the adoption to the redemption of our body. For we are saved by hope, but hope that is seen is not hope. For what doth For what a man seeth, why do he yet hope for? But if we hope for that we see not, then do we with patience wait for it. Amen. You may be seated. As I mentioned, we're continuing on the same subject of God created, which is just a further step in the subject we've been looking at on in the beginning. and taking it from Genesis chapter 1. And over the last few services, we've been trying to take together the first few chapters of the Bible and looking at how they form the basis for understanding God's relationship to man and the plan or the purpose or the program of what he had for creation. So in Genesis chapter 1 2 and 3 and you could even see it in chapter 4 how that God is establishing his relationship to man and then also unfolding what his plan is and he's God is showing patterns and and foreshadowing certain things. And so in the beginning of creation as God created he's foreshadowing what he desires. It's something that he wants to achieve something that he wants to bring to pass through creation. And we we're not just reading it historically. We're not just reading it to understand what God has done, but rather we're wanting to read it to understand the purpose of why God is doing it and what he's trying to accomplish through it. And we looked at last time in Genesis chapter 1 and verses 26 and 27 how go the Bible says, "And God made man in his own image." And so this was the we looked at as the original description of man. He is in the image of God. So his composition is something like unto God. And then it says, "And I'm going to give him dominion." So his dominion over creation and the government over creation was essential to that image that God gave him. I'm going to create man in my image and I'm going to give him dominion. To merely be in some kind of form that God was. If we say, well, God had two arms and he had legs and then you put a man in that form would not express the image of God. He had to give him dominion to bring him to this place of godlikeness. And we know also that he was a spirit first, which God is a spirit. And so man is first a supernatural being. He's a spiritual being. And he's given dominion over all the earth. And that's essential to the image of God. And then in Genesis 1 28, we need to look at this scripture as the blessing. This was a blessing upon Adam. And God blessed them upon Adam and the woman and said unto them. So the blessing is what he says. And when he says this, he's conferring or granting Adam power. He's empowering him. And he said unto them, "Be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth and subdue it." So this is God giving Adam a divine covenant. And we know according to the message that the the spoken word is the original seed. So this is the original spoken word seed as it relates to man. And he says, "I'm going to create man in my image." And the Bible says, "And in the image of God created he them." Uh, in his likeness he created them. Male and female created he them. And then it's given dominion. And then this is the blessing that is upon them. This is the original spoken word seed as it pertains to humankind, mankind or God's creation of man. He says, "Let the be fruitful, multiply, and replenish the earth and subdue it." This is the original spoken word seed. And this replenish and subdue. Now we see be fruitful and multiply. We see that would relate to the man and also this commission that the woman would have to be fruitful um to have to have seed uh to multiply to become many. But then to replenish the earth and subdue it. This is prophecy. And it being a promise as we know brother Ben Brandom called it an oncoming thing. A promise. This replenish and subdue. And I'm wanting to ponder this more deeply over the next couple services at least. replenish and subdue the earth. This is prophecy which is full of power. This is prophecy which is full of potential. It's a prophecy which is full of promise that once the revelation comes and once it's quickened to them, there's certain things that would come to pass. There's certain things that would take place and it relates to the earth. So whatever is in the earth, whatever is from the earth, whatever relates to the earth, Adam is now given power uh by by the spoken word of God to replenish the earth and subdue the earth. And we look at these things in total to be fruitful and multiply. This was power to reproduce the image of God. The the very saying the blessing upon creation, upon man and woman was the power to produce other sons and daughters of God who had godlikeness. And so some of this is reviewed from last time that it's just kind of necessary to take the next next step. And so this divine power laid within man. It's there by the blessing. It's there inside of him. He has power to impart life. He has he has power uh um to grant things. He has power to do things. He's going to impart life with power by this very saying that's pronounced over him. So this this divine power, this great power existed deep within Adam, but in a way it's dormant. In a way, it's hidden from him or that it's not something he's just out every day exercising these things, but there's a time, there's a season, there's a way that it must be made manifest. And so this these powers that are given to Adam, they had not been fully expressed or they had not been fully developed yet. So on day one, when man is is created and even when he's put into flesh, we don't see man operating fully everything he's commanded to do, there's yet to be a manifestation of it yet because it's in seed form by the spoken word, but it lays deep within him by a promise, by a blessing. Now, to see how that there's a further unfolding to man, we look at the the taking of the woman out of man, and we see here's man who's perfect in his creation. He's in the image of God. He has a godlikeness. But then there's another stage in Genesis chapter 2 where God will actually take the woman from the body and from the spirit and he'll form her out of man. So though man was perfect and it it evolved to this perfect expression, there was things that were in him that needed to be made manifest. So it doesn't take away from its perfection. It just shows that there's something that could be more excellent or more perfect, another unfolding of something. And then we saw how in Genesis chapter 3 that when Adam and the woman had partaken of the tree of life and committed the original sin, God says, "The man has become as one of us." Now, we go back to Genesis 1 and we think, well, he made man in his image and in the likeness of God made he him. Male and female created he them. think, well, he was already in the image of God, but now man developed to something more godlike. Though he was in his image and in his likeness, now there's a closer expression of that image or a manifestation of that image. Adam has it potentially. Adam has these powers deep within him. And now when he acts, it's another expression of that image. And in response to this, he says, 'Oh my man has become more like us or man has become as one of us to know good and evil. He says,"Now lest he" and he says that he just put forth his hand. And notice the ease with which God implies that Adam could just eat of the tree of life. He says, "Lest now he now lest he take also of the tree of life and what? Live forever." He hides him from that tree of life and he drives him from the garden in Eden. So by him by God saying this we're just taking these things not taking them out of context to lose their meaning but looking at them in this way that man is made perfect and then God himself says when man acts he says he's more like us and then he says let's keep him from the tree of life lest he put forth his hand and partake of it and live forever and become even more like us because God cannot die. So there was more development to unfold. There was another expression that wherein he could live forever. He would have a body that would never die. And so we started last week looking at how that all man has sinned and fallen short of the glory of God. And how sometimes when we read that we really can water down the plan of salvation and we look at it from the standpoint that every man's a sinner and and and they don't have praise of God, but rather there's something that speaks even to Adam that Adam fell short of a glory. And there was a glory that he did not attain to. there was a a great power these potentials that laid within him that he he could not yet manifest or that he did not manifest in his life and we could agree to that, right? And so, brother Brandham even says in this driving man out from the garden, he says, "Then man could not get to that tree of life in the garden." He says, "Certainly not. It wasn't time." So taking the Bible and the message together, which is the word of God, we could see that God blocked Adam's way to get to the tree of life, but it wasn't time for him to come to the tree of life. So it's it's somewhat of a paradox sometimes to read how this unfolds and we think, "Oh man, man messed up. Man made a big mistake and God has these contingencies or God knew he would make a big mistake, so he'd have to do this and he would have to do that." But nobody's forcing God's hand and making him do anything. There's things that he wants to express. There's things that he wants to do. So, Adam had divine powers. Adam had things that laid within him. There was things that he had the potential to do, but yet he could not express it or manifest it yet because it wasn't time for it to be manifested. And so, the message fundamental foundation for faith, brother Bam says, Adam was given these great powers. He was a secondary god on earth. He could control nature. He could speak to the the storms. He could do all sorts of things. He was given these great powers and then he had a power to what? Reproduce the image of God. Be fruitful, multiply. This is a power to to reproduce the image of God. And brother R says, but then the power that he was given to make himself is where he fell. That's a very awaity statement. The power that he had to make himself is where he fell. So Adam had a power to reproduce the image of God. And in using that power out of season, using that power in a way that was not in harmony with the word of God, he he did not uh he fell by using that power that way. So because he didn't use it God's way and because he didn't use it in God's time, the potential of that power or what that power stood for to reproduce the image or to make himself, it was never fully reached. He never fully manifested. We say, "Oh, well, he had a son named Abel, but that doesn't fulfill the promise." That did not fulfill the original spoken word seed. Now, we asked this question last time. Let's just consider this again today. Could have God been fully expressed if Adam only knew the Garden of Eden? If all Adam ever knew was the Garden of Eden, everything is perfect, everything's working wonderful, would have Adam been able to fully know and fully comprehend God, even though he was father God and he never had a fear and he never had to die and he never had to worry, he never had to doubt. All he had to do is crawl into the arms of Papa God. And it's a beautiful expression and it's something that we think, "Oh my, that would be wonderful. That'd be wonderful." But there's something there's more to God than just being this fatherly figure over a young child. There are things that were part of God. And so God could have never been fully known. Nor could have God been fully expressed if Adam had always stayed within the perfection of the garden. Now you say, "Well, brother, you're just maybe kind of being cute with this and and you're taking some liberty." It really is just scripturally. So it is the way that God intended it. So now that was that's just one one building block again. Now looking at Genesis chapter 2:7, he says, "And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the earth." Now this is different than the creation of the supernatural spirit being. But he says, "And the Lord God formed man of the dust of the ground, that would be the earth, the elements of the earth, and breathed into his nostrils the breath of life, and man became a living soul." Now, he's a little world. He's earth. But then you have a soul from God and a spirit from God. He's earthly and heavenly now in one body. He's a three-fold being, a triune being. God forms man of the dust of the ground, breathes into his nostrils the breath of life, and man becomes a living soul. This is a living creature, something that has breath. So what happens here is God takes the image that he creates in Genesis chapter 1 which is his own image or in his own likeness and he places it in a fleshly body from the earth phrasing as from the dust. And so now once this happens I want to just take a step back and we see a man who is now made from the earth. And if we look backwards at the scripture we see that before Adam was made flesh God had created the substance for sustaining Adam's flesh. said, 'I give you the herbs and I give you the fruit and I give you these these vegetables and things that are going to grow from the earth. He had already given Adam these things before he made the body that would rely upon it. The spiritual being, the supernatural being couldn't even eat it. That's what we understand in in Genesis when God create for creates a body and he steps into it so that he could have that that lamb sandwich a and some goats milk. He he had to have a body to do that. Supernatural being could not have done that. A spiritual being could not have done that. So even before the flesh comes, God in the in the in these days prior to creating Adam in the fifth day, he's creating the things that he would eat from or before that rather. So from the so for man, we see that God's providing for the flesh. God's providing for man. And then also we realize that for man to fulfill the prophecy of Genesis 1:28, he had to take on a body. He could not fulfill the the the commandment of be fruitful, multiply, and replenish the earth and subdue the earth as long as he was just a spiritual being or a a supernatural being. So God had to give him a body. Now once he gives him a body and he breathes breathes the breath of life into him and he becomes a living creature or a living soul, he now has an affinity to living creatures. He has an affinity to the animal life that he's going to rule over as a king, as a governor. And he also has an affinity to the earth that he's to kill. Now, this is beautiful when you think of it this way, and it might just it might click now, and it might click more later. Uh if it really clicks now, you can really just pull me through this a lot faster. But now, he's become kin to the earth as a supernatural being. There's no real relationship to the earth other than he has more relationship to heaven than he does earth. But now when he gives him a body from the earth and breathes the breath of life into him. Now he's a near kinsman. He's akin now to earth. His body came from the earth. He has a relationship to the earth. He has breath just like the animals do. So now there's an affinity and a connection to the creation that he's the god over or that he's the ruler over. And brother Brandham identified this many many many times that when he gave him the body, this earthly body was given to him with senses so that he could contact his earthly home. What were those five senses for? Not to contact God, but to contact his earthly home. These five senses were given to him to fully enjoy and appreciate the garden of perfection. They were given to him so that he could till the ground. They were given to him so that he could uh he could partake of the herbs and partake of the fruit. It was given to him that he might rule over the animal life and have a connection and affinity with them. So the earthly body was given to him to interact with and to govern and to control and fully live within creation to fully live within this garden of Eden or Eden in general. So one of the things that we looked at and that's just you say well that just kind of laying that out there again just refreshing our memory and one of the keys that we wanted to take from that was that God was not just providing for Adam in the garden though it was a perfect Eden. He was giving him these senses to contact his earthly home and it was going to be a strength to him and it was going to help him to govern all creation. God was not just providing for the life in the garden but he equipped him for toil. He equipped him actually for the struggles that were to come. He gave him the the the the title and the gifts and the character to till the ground before he cursed him and said, "For all the days of your life, you're going to have to work from the ground to get your bread." And he'd already given him that ab that ability. He had already put the things in the earth that he would rely on. You can say as a supernatural being he had certain gifts and certain qualities, but once he put them into the flesh that there had to be things that were provided for that flesh. And so God had actually made preparation for the fallen condition by placing everything in the earth already and everything within Adam, these great powers or these great abilities, these great characteristics. Everything was already in the earth and it was already within Adam before he fell. God didn't create something new after the fall. He had already put it in him. And what was one of the points we we we made that if God would do that for Adam, how much more has he done it for us? that he made him that and though it may be hard to say this, he wasn't made to die. He wasn't made to fend for himself. And we see that in one sense, but then in another sense, he was made, he was given the things he would need after the fall. God almost telling him, I made you for this. I made you a tiller of the ground. Now, I'm cursing the earth for your sake. I'm not cursing you. So, you still have the gift and ability to till the ground. It's going to be hard and you're going to sweat and it's going to be sorrowful, but you're going to be able to get bread and it's going to sustain you and your family and you're going to be able to live off the land. And Adam lived a very long life. So though Adam's flesh made way for the fall, we know through the woman, it was his flesh because she came from that flesh. Though it made way for the fall, God carefully thought out Adam's nature. Thought it carefully thought it out. God carefully designed him, carefully constructed him. And so we we we're leaving it at the place where despite what Adam lost, the title deed and the powers that he had, God made Adam knowing the trouble that was to come. He didn't make Adam where he could only exist within a perfect atmosphere and a perfect climate and he could only live as long as everything was perfect and everything obeyed him. But he made him in a way knowing that trouble was coming so that he could exist in that trouble so that God's plan of redemption could unfold. And it was in that that we we we we said that we we ought to rethink God's judgment because we look at Genesis chapter 3 and we say, "Oh my, there's so much judgment. It's so harsh and there's a curse and there's curse and there's curse." And so we look at Genesis 3, we get so focused on the sin and the debate around what the sin was. We get so focused on the curse or the judgments that are contained. The judgment against the woman, the judgment against the serpent, the judgment against the earth, and all the the the banishment that takes place in it. We go so we get so focused on the judgment that we miss God's plan of redemption for creation. Genesis 3:15 is God's plan of redemption for creation. So God is letting his story be told. God wants to tell his story. And my, he's the best storyteller there is. And it's all true. No fable to it, no lie, no embellishment. God is telling his story and he's wanting divine love to be expressed. So he begins in the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth. And he begins to tell his story. And he's wanting you to understand parts of his nature, his desires, the way he responds to the things, the way he acts. And so as this these things we read chapter 1, chapter 2, chapter 3, even chapter 4, what we're reading is not the accident of sin. Boy, Genesis chapter 1, everything's beautiful. Oh, Genesis chapter 2, it ends in this beautiful phrasing. Oh, it's just wonderful. Isn't this great? And then all a sudden, chapter 3 and the music changes and it becomes very eerie and foreboating and you're like, uhoh, the scene has changed. And we think now everything that happens from that moment on is the accident of sin. It's not the accident of sin, but it was necessary. As brother Brandham says in Ephesians the church age in chapter 3 of the church age book, thus what God worked out here in the garden. And you know what scripture he's referring to? Genesis chapter 3. Not chapter 1, not chapter 2, chapter 3. And who worked it out? God did. Amen. What God worked out here in the garden was his predestinated plan. So then he says, "And now who who lay who does the blame lay on?" When Satan had brought about that which was necessary to the purpose of God. So what Satan had did in the garden, Satan's over there going, "Yeah, he's dabbing. He's chest bumping. I mean, he's got it. He's got he's doing the championship belt, all his TD celebrations." And what is he doing? He's bragging. But what did he do? All what he did is he he brought that which of was necessary for God's purpose. His dog he's over there celebrating and doesn't realize he's been tricked. Then man could not get to the tree of life in the garden. Certainly not. It wasn't time. It wasn't yet time. So then we see then what God allowed to happen in Genesis chapter 3 is part of his predestinated plan. A plan that he had before creation before Genesis 1:1. Then Satan is used to bring about the plan and and allow things to happen in chapter 3 which was necessary. It had to happen for God's purpose. Then once it happens, brother Ramon says man could not get to the tree of life because it's not time for him to get to the tree of life. So, man may have wanted to get to the tree of life, but God said, "It's not time. There's got to be something happen. There's a I have a plan before man can get there." So, Satan does this in Acts and we think, "Oh, no. This is all an accident until we get back to this." God says, "No, there's got it's got to come a certain way. It has to happen at a certain time." So, Satan just worked out what was necessary for the purpose of God to work with God's timing. Had Adam remained in the Garden of Eden, he could have never known the full mystery of God. And we can say that for all mankind. Had Adam remained in the garden and we all came just the same way Adam, we would have never fully known the mystery of God. We would have known him as God, right? And in a lot of ways, we'd have a lot in common with angels, right? Who just worship him because he is God, because he created them. But we realize there's a difference between us and angels. And I won't even go there. You know what it is. And it's what makes your relationship greater to God than that of the angels. And so God had a plan. Had Adam remained in the garden. Had we all come direct from God as Adam had, the full manifestation of God would have been lost forever. Just imagine God sitting there thinking, "Man, they don't even really know who I am." And yeah, there would have been a perfection and it would have been beautiful and they would have known the love of God, that would have had a an understanding love of God, but there was things about God that would have laid dormant in the image. So, where we stopped last time, you think, "Oh my goodness, 30 minutes and you finally got to where we stopped last time." You're right. God's purpose could not be revealed without redemption. Satan had brought about that which is necessary to the purpose of God. God's purpose could not be revealed without redemption. So his full character could not be expressed unless there was an act of redemption. It's the very essence of his name to be a savior to be a deliverer. There has to be trouble to be delivered from. There has to be something to be rescued out of for him to his full character and for a full revelation of his name and all his redemptive names and all his he had to have scenarios and situations for him to be able to manifest himself so that you could know his character. Yes. And so we phrased it this way. His need to be a redeemer is at the center of God's character. God has a desire. He desires to be a redeemer. We say, "Oh, the heart purpose of God was to have a bride of his own choosing." This is something that was essential to his character. But it was a bride of his own choosing. And in that very phrasing, the very heart and the very center of it was his desire to be a redeemer of that bride. That he wanted to redeem her. and in redeeming her and doing something for her and expressing all those attributes to her. She would love him. If we were all angels, you know, we'd be in this situation. I was programmed this way. I was made this way and I'm just going to serve him and and we don't have any other rel relationship to him other than he's the master. He's the Lord. He's the one that's in power. A and there's this particular dynamic and relationship there. That's not what God wanted. Otherwise, he could have done that in the beginning. Yes, that's not the way that God had unfolded it. So, but it was absolutely necessary to God that this bride of his choosing was the product of redemption. So, not only did he forno of Adam's fall or the fall of mankind, but he arranged all things, God arranged all things according to the plan of redemption. He took took it all and arranged it. And then he seals it up. He seals the understanding of it because God now gives he empowers Adam with certain things. The blessing of Genesis 1:28, it's given to him. And so these blessings are there potentially, but they're hidden. They're dormant. They're sealed from him. And there's this wow at the right time or there's an unfolding. There's a there's a things that'll take place. There's next steps that can unfold. And so these things are there potentially. And we know now it's not just the book, but it was the whole plan of redemption because this was his plan in the beginning. Again, it's not an accident and God had to write another chapter. It's all part of it. So he arranged everything according to the plan of redemption. So when we say that Adam lost the title deed or Adam lost something, what did he lose? He lost the book of redemption. Brother man makes this statement from Genesis to Revelations. A complete plan of redemption is revealed in these seven seals. Now, if you could just take this as kind of surface as stone kind of skipping the surface. We're not going to go very deep on these things. We're just going kind of want to sew these things out there to come back later and pick up. He says that the entire book of the Bible is a complete plan of redemption that's revealed in the seven seals. In the sixth seal, he's talking about the seven seals, talking about them being wound together and scrolled together. says, "And unwinds the whole book of redemption." That's how the whole earth was redeemed. That's the reason John wept because if no one could get that book, all creation, everything was gone. So, there's something that's holding creation together. And it's the book of redemption. The title deed holds the book, holds the earth together. The whole earth is redeemed in that book. John weeps because if no one would get to that book, all creation, everything was gone. He said, "She just simply turned back to atoms and molecules and so forth and cosmic light and not even be creation person, nothing else. Could Adam because Adam lost the rights of that book." So when God creates Adam, if we could just imagine it and we do it in a literal sense and sometimes we take symbolic language in the Bible and we think that Adam literally had a book like on loan from God's library and he lost it so was a late fee and he's being charged every day. But there's just something that had been given, a blessing that had been given to Adam. And whenever he whenever he steps outside of God's order, and the divine order is interrupted, he can no longer use it. And he's symbolically sealed off from it whenever God drives him out of the garden of Eden and he blocks his way to the tree of life. And brother says he lost that. He lost that book and his rights to that book. And if this book is never redeemed, it's as if something has been bound into creation that unless that book comes back to its comes back to a particular place into a particular ownership, then eventually earth just unwinds itself. And you think about it, my goodness, look what man is going to ultimately do to the earth. And it just go back to molecules. maybe send shock waves throughout universes that cause things to collide and move and shift and all everything's breaking up and as it all came together one time by the spoken word once this book is lost brother described it in a very vivid way she would just turn back to atoms and molecules and there wouldn't even be a creation no people because Adam lost the rights of that book and unless that book comes back into a position creation is in a state awaiting judgment and the question will it all be unwound Will it lose its form? Will it lose its purpose? Brother Brown says, "And souls that are in prison now, and if it had been lost, excuse me, and it had been lost by the human race, Adam, the book now, and it went back where?" Satan couldn't take it. He just caused him to lose it. But where did the book go then? Didn't belong to the human race. And notice he says the blessings didn't belong here. So in it are the blessings. In it is Genesis 1:28. In it is is man's empowerment. In it is man's commission, isn't it? In it is adam and mankind's ability to fully express the image of God and all the power and potential of it. He says the blessings didn't belong here. Here the human race had lost it. So it went right on back to its original owner. That was God. So using a symbolism, we say Adam had it. Adam had it. He walked in the garden. He's using this power. He's using certain powers. He's naming creation. He's naming the animals and beautiful things are happening. He's and they're existing. Every seed bringing forth of its kind. But then Adam steps outside of the divine order in that book that he had is now taken away from him. Now Adam can't operate it. He can't use it that way. There's certain powers that he still has. There's certain gifts that he still has. But he cannot operate and utilize that power. But where does the book go? Satan doesn't take it. Satan wanted it. But when man lost it, what a what what Satan got in the in the hybriding, that power that he received was not the power of Genesis 1:28. The power that he received was it was a hybrid. It was a perverting. He didn't receive the power to create. He only received the power to pervert. And so, um, Cain, excuse me, Satan thought he could get it because it would still be in man, but now he'd have access to it, uh, through the fall, but it went back to God. So now the book of redemption is in the hands of God. And we see this in Revelations 5:1. And I saw on the right hand of him that sat on a throne a book written within and on the backside sealed with seven seals. Now, Brother Brandham even likens this to the Bible. He says the whole Bible speaks of redemption. He he talks about how it speaks of redemption. Maybe those are my words, but it speaks of redemption. It pertains to redemption and creation expresses it. We see it even in seasons and cycles and even the day when and when when God even in the beginning speaks of the the evening and the morning were the first day he's showing redemption showing the cycle. So Genesis chapter 1 uh and two all these things from the very beginning this is God expressing redemption even the first two verses of the Bible in the beginning God created the heaven and the earth and the earth was without form and void and then what the spirit of God moves upon it and brings order it all speaks of redemption and so heth this book that is in his hands it goes back to God and it's sealed with seven seals and brother Brandham in the breach referring to this sealed book in Revelations 5 he said here is the book of redemption here is the plan of redemption ion. Now, it wasn't renamed when Adam lost it. And I'll be honest with you, this is the revelation I just recently had because I found myself even while I was preaching here recently, I called it the book of redemption. I said, "Well, it when it was before the fall, we would have called it the book." But I realize now maybe that was the mysterious name of it, but it was always called the book of redemption. And as if if there was a literal book, Adam would look at and say, "Book of redemption? Redemption? What does redemption even mean? What does he even mean redemption? Because it was always the book of redemption. God didn't change the title that that man has the book. And after the fall, God says, "Okay, of" and he scratches it of redemption, you know, and kind of puts it in there and like tries to make it look just the same as the other. What font did I use? I can't figure this out. Is he It was already written. It was already called the book of redemption. So he says, "Here's the book of redemption. Here's the plan of redemption. Here's the only way you'll ever be redeemed. For here is the title deed to redemption of the whole heavens and earth. So God had already for the heavens and earth and everything that would come out of it. Everything that would be represented by it, everything that would have this affinity and likeness of it. He says this all written in this book, the redemption of it is written in this book. And the message why it had to be shepherds. He says, "Now here, now there he stands." Revelations 5:1 holding his right hand over his heart and and it is even referring to Revelations 10 I believe here he stands holding his right hand over his heart standing like this where the hidden secrets of redemption had been hid since the foundation of the world he goes here's why shepherds I believe the image is Revelations 5 but he described as holding his right hand over his heart why because it's sealed within himself here's the hidden secrets of redemption that have been hid since the foundation of the world. So there was a secret to creation and it was redemption. They wouldn't have even understood it. Just like angels, redemption. What does that even mean? We can't sing a song of redemption. Holy, holy, holy. There's certain things they could sing, but they couldn't sing redemption. And here's creation that man did couldn't sing that. He didn't know that. There was no way it could be expressed. But here he is standing with the hidden secrets of redemption that were in his heart before the foundation of the world. And he says this is why it had to be shepherds. Why? Because it's a lamb that is going to reveal the secrets. It's the lamb that holds the secret. That's why it had to be shepherds. Why? Because here in the beginning that man was given commandment. He was to shepherd animal life. It was man who received the revelation to take that lamb. And could you imagine I I was maybe going to save this for when we go verse by verse through Genesis chapter 2 and three that when Adam received this revelation to take the lamb Adam would have named that lamb wasn't just kind of some stranger some foreigner to him Adam saw these expressions and these images and he would have given a name to it and and maybe the mystery even of the name it unfolds and Adam realizes now I know why I named you I know why you're you were suited a certain way you were characterized a certain way because you had to be a sacrifice. But says here's why it was shepherds. So this book is sealed. It's the book of redemption. It's the plan of redemption for all of creation, for man. And in verse three says, no man in heaven nor in earth, neither under the sun was able to open the book, neither to look thereon. No living soul could do it. What is what is the expression? No man was found worthy. So there was something that had to take place or something had to transpire to give worth in order to be able to take the book. No living soul could do it. No living creature could do it. No man in earth or under the earth was able to take the book. Neither to look thereon. None was found worthy. Now we understand that it's the the lion of the tribe of Judah hath prevailed to take the book and loose the seals thereof. And John turns look and sees a lamb as it as it had been slain. So we know there was one the lamb Christ who was worthy to take the book and loose the seals thereof. So now I want to begin to look at this plan of redemption. Brother Bam takes his plan of redemption. It's what man lost in Genesis. He goes back to the rightful owner in Revelations 5. We see this book of redemption or this plan of redemption coming into the hands of Christ. And I want to look at this now for the remainder of the service that the plan of redemption held a great mystery. If Adam had even understood that what he had was the book of redemption, the mystery of redemption was that there's always a greater glory to come when God redeems. There's something greater with with God. So if there was a plan of redemption, it wasn't it wasn't just going to work it back to what it was. And I'm not just trying to be logical here. I'm just being uh rooted in the scripture. Had God redeemed man back to what he was in the garden, the potential for a fall would always be there, right? Amen. He just merely set him back on the same basis every time. Then it could be it could just be like, man, every time I make a covenant with man, he breaks it. So then, and this will maybe make more sense as we get more looking at the seed. So what kind of covenant does he make with Abraham? unconditional. In what language does he talk about? The stars of the sky, the dust of the earth. In blessing, I will bless thee. Multiply and I'll multiply. What is he speaking of? It's Genesis 1:28. But not to seeds as to many, but the seed which is Christ. And what was he given? He says, I am going to make a covenant with you, Abram. It's an unconditional covenant. I will. Not if you will, I will. I will. If I was a better preacher. So, the mystery of redemption is there's always a greater glory to come. Look at as it unfolds in Revelations 5:es 9 and 10. And they sung a new song. It's not a song that ever been sung before. So redemption wasn't, "Oh, remember remember that song." No, they sing a new song. Thou art worthy to take the book and to open the seals thereof. For thou was slain and hast redeemed us to God by the blood by thy blood out of every kindred, tongue, and people and nation in the earth. And he says, "And hast made us," now there's a making that takes place under our guard, kings and priests. And now they could say, "And we shall reign on the earth." So the very language of these redeemed ones in Revelations 5 connects it to creation out of every kindred, tongue, people, and nation. And it made us under our God and made us kings and priests, and we shall reign upon the earth. It's connected with Genesis chapter 1 and chapter 2. It is redemption of what God was laying out in the first few books of the Bible. He says they sing a new song and then he hath made us. It's another making. God, who had authored the faith finishes it in perfection. What is it? It's something greater. We're not just kings like Adam to govern the earth, but we've been made priests. And Hagi chapter 2:es 3-9. I I want to use this scripture to express how redemption carries with it a promise of something greater. And I'll try to read this quickly and not get slowed down on it too much. Haggi chapter 2:es 3-9. Who is left among you that saw this house in her first glory? Talking about the temple, the tabernacle. Who remembers what it looked like in her first glory? She had a glory. This this house. And how do you see it now? Is it not in your eyes in comparison of it as nothing? Think about creation in its original glory in Genesis 1 and2. Think about it now. He says, ' And how do ye see it now? He says, but verse four, yet now be strong, O Zerubbable, sayith the Lord. And be strong, oh Joshua, son of Jessedc, the high priest. And be strong, all ye people of the land, sayith the Lord, and work, for I am with you, sayeth the Lord of hosts, according to the word that I covenanted with you when you came out of Egypt. The Exodus represents redemption. He's talking about a covenant of redemption, a promise he made of redemption. So my spirit remainth on you, among you. It's a spirit of redemption. Now, as this pertains to Israel in the natural, there's a spiritual type for us. I made a promise with you in the Exodus to come out of. Remember, redemption is two parts. So, my spirit remainth among you. Fear not, for thus sayeth the Lord of hosts, yet once it is a little while, and I will shake the heavens. Paul even brings this into the New Testament. I will shake the heavens and the earth and the sea and the dry land. So now all creation and all the elements that were expressed in in these days of creation are brought before our eyes. And I will shake all nations and the desire of all nations shall come and I will fill this house with glory. Sayeth the Lord of hosts. The silver is mine and the gold is mine. All the elements of the earth, all the precious minerals and metals, sayeth the Lord of hosts. Now the glory of this latter house shall be greater than of the former, sayeth the Lord of hosts. And in this place will I give peace sayaith the Lord of hosts. Now I I need to go quickly in this. So as it says that the who remembers this house in her first glory. The first glory of the temple or house was great but it had been torn down. It left in rubble and ruins and and people mocked her dust and they made fun of her stones. Its glory had been diminished as he says as nothing. And what being what's being expressed in this we could see that this is a figure of our redemption even by bringing in the Exodus and all nations which speaks of the heathen and the Gentiles and they're going to come says and I will fill this house. This speaks of our redemption. It speaks of the very plan of God that was hidden in the beginning. These verses in Hagi though we may not have the time just to walk through it piece by piece. I'm wanting you just to kind of catch on the on the surface that there's a type and there's an image of the very redemption of heavens and earth. I'll shake the heavens and the earth and the sea and the dry land. It brings Revelations 10 into view. It brings that third day into view. It brings everything God created into view. It brings the book of redemption into view. So, it holds an image of even our redemption because God had a hidden purpose in his creation. Something that Adam did not walk into, right? Something that he did not walk into. And I I I say it this way and I hope it's the right way to say it, but by design because it wasn't time. So now this might seem like a little bit of a shift, but we're doing is just taking this and we're just zeroing in. We're just going to focus real tight now for a while. Our bodies are referred to as a house, as a tabernacle or a temple. Even the layout of the tabernacle is like our bodies, an outer court, right? A holy place, holy. And then, but there's still something greater, the holiest of holies. Amen. And we have for us triune being an outer court. We have the body, spirit, and soul. So even the tabernacle is expressed in a way to be representative of man. And even the lights that filled the the tabernacle speaks of lights that men walk in. And there are certain things that we can see a parallel between the houses. Haggi is saying, "Who remembers this house, the temple, the tabernacle in her first glory?" The temple of the tabernacle of the Lord. Who remembers it in the first glory? Now, our bodies are referred to as temples. As tabernacles in 1 Corinthians 69 19, what know ye not that your body is the temple of the Holy Ghost, which is in you, which you have of God? and ye are not your own. So our body is the temple of the Holy Ghost. 2 Corinthians chapter 5:es 1:5. Now really if you could just focus now a and I and I realize that these things are that I can I have a really complicated way of laying it out there. That's why you can you you know it's God when you understand it. So it's by design. And but I believe a minister should make things simple, not make it cloudy. Someone told me one time a a teacher or preacher had preached on the godhead and someone walked out of the service and said, "Well, I don't know if there's three, four or five now, but that was deep." Like, you're swimming in the wrong pool, sister. Should never come out like that. Where when you don't, oh wow, that must have been deep. It was so confusing. Must have been deep. Listen, if I ever confuse you, don't accuse me of being deep. Just say, "Brother Aaron, you just need to pray harder. Get yourself out of the way. There's something there. Keep trying, brother Aaron. We're with you. We're praying for you. Pat me on the back. Encourage me. Rub what little hair I have left. Say, "You can do it, son. You can do it. You're doing a good job." So if I if it's complicated, it's my fault. But now notice how beautiful this is. This symmetry now. And the point we're trying to drive home is the mystery of redemption is that when God redeems, he reveals something greater. And so now he does, he's showing the temple that the glory of the first house was beautiful. It was wonderful. But verse 9, the glory of this latter house shall be greater than of the former. It's the same temple, but the glory of it is greater than the original. Now our body is a temple. So notice how Paul writes this in 2 Corinthians 5:es 1:5. For we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle were dissolved. So we have an earthly tabernacle. We have a house. If it was dissolved, we have a building of God and a house not made with hands, eternal in the heavens. This is this is hard to swallow. It's always there. Hey, I've I've I've sat with ministers and talked for hours about could have it always been there, where was it? Maybe it doesn't mean what it's supposed to mean, and now it wasn't there. It's coming later. Otherwise, you'd be a four part B. And there's a lot of arguments. I'm thinking, you know what? It's just best to say what the Bible says, say what the message says. And brother Brandham takes this time and time again and says it's already there. So now if you could think about this, here you are in this body and God already had one coming that if this earthly tabernacle be dissolved. Now he says to be clothed. Now verse two, for in this we grown earnestly desiring, notice the language, to be clothed upon with our house which is from heaven. If so be that being clothed, we shall not be found naked. Now Paul is intentional in his language and being a student of the scripture just as he would later quote from Haggi and talk about once more I shake heavens and earth. And he's quoting from Haggi about Mount Zion. we've come to Mount Zion. And he brings a prophecy of the of the Old Testament into the New as one that it's going to happen in this Mount Zion. This bride, her showdown's coming and it's going to come in this last days that we're experiencing now. He's using purposeful language. We desire to be clothed upon with our house which is from heaven. If so, that being clothed we shall not be found naked. For we that are in this tabernacle, this body, do grown, be burdened. So though we are clothed with this body, we grown being burdened not that we would be unclothed but clothed upon that mortality might be swallowed up of life that we would never die but live forever. Amen. So I see something in Adam in the beginning and God says hey lest he reach forth his hand and take of the tree of life and live forever. Now Paul is going to be using a language of Genesis chapter 2 and he's saying look we in these bodies do grown desiring that we would not be found naked but be clothed upon with a house which is from heaven that mortality be swallow up in life. Now he that hath brought us the selfsame thing is God who also hath given us unto us the earnest of the spirit. God who has brought this to pass. God who has made it this way. God who hath taken this self-same thing. who has laid this out, made it part of his plan. It is God. And what has God done? He's given us the earnest of the spirit. Why? Because we grown not to be naked, to be clothed upon. We don't want this body to die only to end up in a in a in a condition that's naked, right? We don't want to just shed this body and go back to being a spirit being. What did Brother Brandon say? It was horror. It was spooky. I'm just going to be an apparition floating by brother Neville and I want to shake his hand and I can't do it. He there there was something to it that was forboding. It was a disconnect. There was something that lacked in the expression of man if that's what he would end up. Paul's saying no God who hath wrought this planned this is the one that's given us the earnest of the spirit. Now, what is the spirit and earnest of? Ephesians 1:14, the seal of God, which is the baptism of the Holy Ghost, which is the new birth, which seals you into the body of Christ, which is the earnest of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession unto the praise of his glory. So, he gives us the spirit as an earnest of what? Full redemption. Redemption of the purchased possession. So, redemption purchased something. He paid the price for something, but then there's got to be a full apprehension and enjoyment of what it's purchased. So, he gives you the earnest, the spirit as an earnest, and it stands for something. It's a down payment that the whole property is coming. It's yours. You can bank on it. The spirit is an earnest of redemption. So, he's saying we that are in this body do groan to be clothed upon that we would not be found naked. And the spirit within us groans and hungers for what? to be clothed that we not be found naked because the spirit is the earnest of full redemption. Redemption of the purchased possession because the God who planned the plan of redemption gives us the earnest of redemption. And it comforts us. So our body is a temple. It's an earthly house. It is a tabernacle. So Haggi 2 speaks in symmetry to that. Then in John 2 19 to 21, Jesus answered and said unto them, "Destroy this temple and in three days I'll raise it up." And what did they think? Then said the Jews, 40 and six years was this temple and building, and wilt thou rear it up in three days? Think about Haggi. Now, first glory is diminished, but the second glory is going to be greater than that of the former. Going to be a greater glory. Here's Jesus there here at the temple says, "Destroy this temple and I'll raise it up in three days." And he said, "It's taking us 46 years to get it to this point and you're going to do it in three days." But he spake of the temple of his body because they're always looking at the natural part of things. So, Haggi actually prophesies of Christ who held a greater glory that man had never fully realized. The glory of the first man is diminished, but now comes another man and in him it exceeds all other righteousness. In him, it excels beyond any other glory. In him comes the fullness of the potential and the promise that man had never fully realized. And so the Haggi chapter 2 is actually contains a prophecy of Christ. Remember the former glory. Well, when this house is rebuilt, when this one is raised, when this one comes forth, the glory of the latter house shall be greater than the former. It could even be said of Christ that he'll walk through these very steps, destroy this body, but in three days it's going to be raised up, and that body will be greater. Amen. And so, this story of redemption begins in Genesis. And I I I want to I want to really really go f fast. You can just play it later at a slower speed to get it all. The story of redemption begins in Genesis and the mysteries held within the story as God is telling it. And and I realized just trying to preach about it, how wise God was to not just stop and explain it all as he was going. He's like, it's just gonna it's just going to take me thousands of years because all these details just explode and amplify. And so now as I go through this, I'm just going to lay seeds because I want to go back over these scriptures later. So now watch this story of redemption as we've just read about the first house and the glory of it and the second house being greater and how we are typed as a house, a temple, and that Paul writes how that we desire to be clothed upon that we not be found naked. Genesis chapter 2 25 it says they were both naked. This is how Genesis 2 ends. This is how God's perfect description of of creation ends before the fall in chapter 3. And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed. Now, to be naked, it implies that they lacked something. They were aware. To be naked, it means they were conscious and aware of the fact that there was something that lacked. So, they were aware of a lack of a covering, but they were not disappointed. There was a consciousness that they were uh that they were uh they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed. To say naked, it means they were conscious. They were aware. And so when and I I I want to maybe say this now. I thought maybe I could just hold it off, but I'm just sensing that in Genesis chapter 3 when their eyes are open and they recognize they're naked and maybe I'll just come to it here in a moment that this is a different feeling towards their nakedness because it said they're both naked, the man's wife, and we're not ashamed. There was no fear. There's no worry. They were trusting in God's promises. If there's something that needs to be done about this, God's going to do it. We're not going to worry about it. So, they both were naked, but not ashamed. So, in Genesis 3:7, it says this, "And the eyes of them were both opened, and they knew that they were naked." Now, we can see there's a different awareness and a different feeling and a different understanding. This naked, they were both naked, and they sewed fig leaves together and made themselves aprons. So now when they know if there's a greater awareness or understanding of their nakedness, now they have to respond to it. So it says they were both naked and not ashamed. Now they could either we could either say they didn't know they were naked, so there's no shame. But now that they have shame associated with their nakedness because perhaps before they knew they were naked, but there's no fear. There's no shame in it. There's no reproach. They're trusting God. They're trusting God. But now through the fall, their minds now get the seed of fears creeps in. And now they look at their nakedness totally different. There's a shame there. And so immediately and their eyes are open and they knew they were naked. They sewed fig leaves together and they made themselves aprons. You know what that Hebrew word for apron means? Loin cloth. Now why in the world would they want to cover that up? I don't know. I mean after all maybe there was something in the apricot, right? speaks directly to now they're conscious of this and so they make aprons and what is it just a religious covering man's first response to what lacks man in fear says okay how do I remedy this situation how do I take care of this they're no longer trusting in God now they want to do their own thing but in verse 21 unto Adam also and to his wife did the Lord God make coats of skin and clothe them so and this they made aprons which is just a like a belt that just it girds them like a loin cloth which is how brother Brandham saw the leodysene church age going out in the end but then when the bride came in view she's what arrayed she's dressed so now he says and Adam also and his wife did the Lord make coats of skin and clothe them which means arrayed or dressed so when God does this man immediately just gets a loin cloth to cover his flesh but now God is speaking speaking something. He's hiding a mystery in this image. Very beautiful picture, though it would have been a very kind of grotesque picture, especially the way Brother Bram describes it. Here's a dead body draped around a living body. But somehow in that, it represents life. Somehow in this image of a dead body around a living body, God is expressing redemption. And now this man who was naked tried to remedy his nakedness, but it wasn't enough. So then God takes lamb skkins and he drapes his whole body and dresses him so that he would be arrayed. And then in verse chapter same chapter verse 22 he says and now lest he put forth his hand and take also of the tree of life and eat and live forever. So man had to be stopped from eating something that would allow him to always live. His body would have always lived. He just put forth his hand, eat, and live forever. Again, it's symbolism, right? It's it's an analogy. It would have been too easy. It wasn't God's plan. to share his glory without sacrifice. This is the just the real thrust I want you to catch. Now, it wasn't his plan to share his glory without sacrifice. So, notice what it says now in 1 Corinthians chapter 15 36-4. Paul talking about this body being clothed upon. When is it clothed upon? That mortality might be swallowed up of life. They were both naked in Genesis 2:25. They're eroded in Genesis 3, but held back from eating the tree of life, lest they live forever. Now, notice what Paul says, because I'm making I'm contending that God's plan was he couldn't share his glory without sacrifice. And notice what Paul says in very pretty heavy language. Thou fool, that which thou seest does not quicken except it die. And that which thou seest, thou seest not that body that shall be, but bear grain, it may chance of wheat or some other grain. But God giveth giveth it a body as it hath pleased him, and to every seed his own body. All flesh is not the same flesh, but there's one kind of flesh of men, another flesh of beast, another of fishes, and another of birds. There are also celestial bodies and bodies terrestrial. But the glory of the celestial one and the glory of the terrestrial is another. There is one glory of the sun, another glory of the moon, and another glory of the stars. For one star different from another star in glory. So also is the resurrection of the dead. It is sown in corruption, it is raised in incorruption. It is sown in dishonor, it is raised in glory. It is sown in weakness, it is raised in power. It is sown a natural body. It is raised a spiritual body. There is a natural body and there is a spiritual body. I'm running out of time, but let me just say this as I take this in total. Thou fool do you not know that that which is sws is not quickened except it die? And he says there's certain bodies, but God has given a seed. Every seed its own body and there's different glories to that. And so there may be one body that dies, but now when it quickens, he says in the resurrection, it's not raised in the same dishonor. It's not raised in the same corruption, but it's raised in glory. It's raised in power. And so God's plan of redemption required certain things that the garden alone could not have produced. And I know it's a paradox, but God's plan of redemption required in order for there to be a quickening, there had to be a death. In order for there to be the greater glory, there had to be a suffering. So God's plan of redemption required things that could not have happened in the Garden of Eden. I admit it's a paradox, but it's true. And so, Brother Brandham writes this in church age book chapter 3. Now, the word most definitely sets forth, and I have to just ask you to focus very diligently and purposefully with me now. Now, the word most definitely sets forth that from the before the foundation of the earth, the purpose of God was to share his eternal life with man. This was God's purpose. So then why did he stop Adam from doing it? So then he quotes Ephesians 1:4-11, Revelations 13:8. And now notice what he says. But that life could not and would not be shared in any other way than through the way of God manifest in the flesh. This was part of his eternal and predestinated purpose. This plan was to be to the praise of the glory of his grace. It was the plan of redemption. It was the plan of salvation. Now listen closely. God being a savior, it was necessary that he predestinate a man who would require salvation in order to give himself reason and purpose of being. Read it to you before. You've read it before. We've heard this before. But oh, may God make it fit, make it connect more perfectly with scripture. God wanted to share eternal life with man. But it had to come a certain way. So he had a plan, a predestinated plan and purpose for this to happen. He says God being a savior, it was necessary, absolutely required that he predestinated a man, let me just say, Adam, that would require salvation in order to give himself reason and purpose of being. Unless man needed redemption, God did not have purpose. Unless man needed saving, God would not have reason to exist. He said, "This is 100% correct, and multitudes of scriptures bear it out. I'm going to skip some of them as I have it represented here. Man could not directly come and partake of the tree of life in the midst of the garden." That eternal life of the tree had to become flesh first. But before God could raise and save a sinner, he had to have a sinner to raise and save. Man had to fall. The fall which would be caused by Satan had to have flesh to make fall. Satan had to come through flesh also. But Satan could not come through human flesh to make the fall as would Christ come in human flesh to restore the fallen. Amen. So the the the tree of your life had to become flesh first. There was a way that God had ordained it. Romans 5:14, "Nevertheless, death reigned from Adam to Moses, even over them that had not sinned after the similitude of Adam's transgression, who is the figure of him that was to come." So Adam, the man that needed saving, was a figure of him that was to come, the Savior. He is a figure. He is a form of Christ, but he's the man that would needed salvation in order to give God purpose and reason of being. Man could not just directly come and partake of the tree of life. The tree of life had to become flesh first and man had to fall. That seems like a paradox before he would have a right to it. So Adam is the figure of him that is to come. So think about this and we read it before in Romans chapter 5. Death came by Adam. He's the figure. He's the form. But death comes by him. His fallen image then holds the mystery that life would come by death. This is being bore out in Adam. It's being borne out when the lamb is slain and put over him. It it's it's it's being Adam is living it. He's a figure of him that is to come. In Adam, God was showing that the fullness of life cannot come without suffering. He's showing that the fullness of joy cannot come without sorrow. If you never knew sorrow, you wouldn't know what this was. Man, I feel so whatever this is. You wouldn't know what happy was if you didn't know what sad was. So, Adam had to leave the garden and be driven into the wilderness for God's love to be expressed. In order for there to be fullness of life, there had to be death. In order for there to be fullness of joy, there had to be sorrow. Brother Brandham says this now, and I'm reading three different places where he refers to this, and I I I want to do this to substantiate it over and over and over again so that you get this. Brother says, "I believe the Bible is the word and the whole truth. And Jesus is the word made manifest. And he is the one and the same." What was he? Now look, he was that seed. I got to hold back in order to get in there this evening. You see, it's hard. He was that seed that Eve should have produced. Do you get it? He was the seed that Eve was produced. But she hybridated by disbelieving God's word. He was that seed. And the only way that life could be in the reproduction of life, life had to come through that seed. And that seed had to die in order to spread out the life. Oh, can't you see it? That's why the water was given to water the seed. The Holy Spirit that was in the Garden of Eden was to water the seed. Man wasn't made to die. He was made to live, but hybriding brought death there. She hybrided. But what did it do? Satan worked out what was necessary to bring to pass Satan's plan or God's plan. Amen. Because God had to have a man who required saving in order for God to have a reason to exist. God had to ordain it that way. So he's saying that Eve should have produced that seed. But then he makes this curious statement. That seed had to die. Paragraph 161. To be born of the water and the spirit, what does it do? Then it brings you right back again unto the place where you should have been at the beginning. That's the reason of Christ's death brings us right back again to sons of God. If Eve would have brought forth that child, she would have finally done it. Did God not tell her multiply and replenish the earth? But she had to walk over here and play the part of a I know that's just kind of a real gut punch kind of language, but brother Badam said that man had to fall. Now she says she had to walk over here and played that part. But he's saying that Eve should have produced it. Eve would have brought forth that child. But had the woman brought it forth, where's the mystery of God then? Had there only been one Eden, who would God be to us? The woman could have, he even says should have, she would have brought forth this seed, but that would not have s served God's purpose. He said the eternal life of the tree had to become flesh first. But first, man had to fall and he had to drop God's image. Brother Bram says in oneness when Adam and Eve listened to the lie of the devil the holy image of God left them their fellowship was broken with God. So there's something that leaves we can say that tital deed of redemption this awareness this understand all this great continuity and harmony he had with God these channels become clogged in the holy image of God leaves him and their fellowship with God is broken and God seals away the power of life. Now Adam then was still in the same body. God didn't take the body that he had. where he says in the image of God left them. It wasn't that this natural body went it and was sucked away from him and then God gave him another body that could die. Adam remained in a body that obviously was made with the potential of death because now that he took of the tree of life in a conditional covenant because he took of the tree of knowledge of good and evil under a conditional covenant. He says the day you eat, the day you die. That means he had a body that could die. So now when the blessing is taken away from him, he's subject to death. And so now he had this body that could die. But that was part of God's predestinated plan called redemption. It was necessary in God's purpose. 2 Corinthians 5:21, "For he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin, that we might be made the righteousness of God in him." He made him to be sin that we might be made the righteousness of God in him. And brother B said, "The only way that you could spread out life is for the seed to die." So there could have been a replication, but there was something that would have been lacking in this replication. And so God knew there's a way that for me to be fully understood and a way for you to be fully expressed, it has to come a particular way. So I'm going to take him who knew no sin and make him sin that we might be made the very righteousness of God in him. Brother Brandham says and spoke the words of the original seed again he says it is the germ that come from the seed. He is he is the word of God made perfectly manifest. He is correctly the son from the first Adam was the son that was promised through Adam to continue on the human race. He's the seed to Abraham too. Right? And Eve hybrid to the serpent and brought forth a generation of bastard children born to death without life. And Jesus coming was that seed. He proved it. Brother, I said it was Genesis 1:28. Everything that Adam lost, Jesus was. Ponder this. He touches on it so often in his ministry. Everything that Adam lost in the fall, Jesus proved he restored back. He is the correct. He's talking about the correct son. Eve would have finally brought that child forth, but she hybrid it through the serpent, enlisting for wisdom, understanding, and knowledge. So there's a way that God arranged it to where this son would have come. But had he come, God would not have been satisfied and fulfilled in his purpose had he come that way. It do you I know it's kind of again I'm making it might be making it seem kind of complicated, but brother said everything was arranged to where this son could come forth, but God says stop there. It's not time. Stop there. That's not the way that I want this to happen. This is not the way that it should be. So the blessing of Genesis 1:28 was taken from mankind, sealed away from him. The great power then of that lays dormant. And Adam never fully walked in the glory of Genesis 1:28. The woman never fulfilled it. Mankind had never fulfilled it. But now Adam, who is a figure of him that is to come, he consciously and purposely misuses the power that been given to him. Right? So even though Adam may be acting out of order, out of God's time, but when he still acts, he's a figure of him that's to come. Because it's an act of saving. It's an act to save the woman. As the Bible says in 1 Timothy 2:13-14, first Adam is formed, then Eve, and Adam was not deceived, but the woman being deceived was in the transgression. The woman's deceived. Adam's not deceived. But he consciously acts in a way to join himself to the woman that could have been condemned. The woman that could have died. He becomes sin, who knew no sin that he might preserve her. So Adam of his own will used his power to save the woman. What is he foreshadowing? Redemption. It's just a small little glimpse. It's just a small little figure. Adam is acting, showing a foreshadowing of redemption. Adam was the prefigure. Adam was the shadow. Adam was the first glimpse. And so his pattern, his form held the mystery or the potential of what was there. But it would take death to develop it. It could not be fully expressed unless death would come to develop it. So Adam became sin. And in becoming sin, he couldn't make the woman righteous. something limited in his power now because of the timing of this. But he had power to preserve her. And so he doesn't use the power to make righteous. That is reserved in the seed. Brother Brandham, he says it this way. God wanted to share eternal life with man. But the only way that life could be in the reproduction of life, it had to come through that seed. And that seed had to die in order to spread out life. It's the way that God made it. The death of Christ was not the accident of sin. Redemption is not an accident. So in Adam, we see that Adam took life and turned it to death. He took innocence. Brother Ram says these things in the church book. Took innocent and turned it to guilt. Took the garden of Eden and turned Eden into a wilderness. Is that what he did? That's the first Adam. That's the first man. Him who is a living creature. Him who had the breath of life and an affinity to the earth. Him that came in this body that came from the earth. This is his testimony. This is his witness. But there's going to come another Adam. And notice what it says here in verse 45 of 1 Corinthians chapter 15. Now I want to point this out. In 1 Corinthians chapter 15, we read verses 36 to 44 where he says, "Thou fool, don't you know that that which is sowed is not quickened except it die." And he starts talking about celestial bodies and terrestrial bodies. And there's another glory of the sun, the moon, and the stars. And then this body, then there's a glory of the first body, but then there's a glory of the second body. And that's it ends in verse 44 saying it's raised. There's a spiritual body. He says, "And so it is written, go back and read it all together. The first man Adam was made a living soul. The last Adam was made a quickening a quickening spirit. Why quickening spirit? Thou full. That which thou seest is not quickened except it die. So the first man was made a living soul. That's glorious. That's wonderful. But the last Adam is different than the first. He is made a quickening spirit. He is made a lifegiver. He is made a redeemer. He's the one that holds the power of eternal life. Adam did not have it to give. God withheld that from Adam and waited to give it to Christ. And now Christ is the quickening spirit, not Adam. So in the redemption of Genesis 1:28, in the seed of Genesis 3:15, in the seed of Abraham, it is Christ who holds the mystery of redemption. It is something greater. Adam was not just Adam's creation patched up. It is a another creation. It is a new creation. That is why we sing a new song. Amen. Amen. He's made a lifegiver. Now, this is the glory that Adam stopped short of. This is the glory of the covenant of Genesis 1:28. This is what Adam lost. All these great powers. All right. Brother Brandham said that the seed had to become flesh first and it had to die. John 1:14. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. And we beheld his glory, the glory is of the only begotten of the father, full of grace and truth. Adam was not the begotten of the father. He was a created son. But now Christ is born of a woman just like everyone else in earth today creating this affinity becoming the near kinsman. He the word was made flesh and we beheld his glory. The glory is the only begotten of the father. There's a difference between Adam and Christ. He didn't just create another Adam and put him on the same basis of Adam. This is the mystery of redemption. Christ our redeemer brought forth a greater glory. This is not an accident. Everything God formed and everything God created had was fashioned with redemption in mind. Have you thought of it this way? that as Christ hung upon the cross in creation, God made the iron ore that one day would be beaten into the nails that would hang his son upon a cross. That in the beginning, God created the trees and allowed them to come forth with the law written in them. That one day all the elements that purchased your redemption laid within the earth. God couldn't just take a man and slay him supernaturally. There's a way, a process that had to come. And in Christ, he brings forth our redemption. And everything God that he created, he formed and fashioned with redemption in mind. The iron ore, the tree, all the elements for sacrifice laid within the earth to redeem earth. And the principles of redemption, the very principles, the meaning of it, the mystery of it would not allow Genesis 1:28 to be fulfilled without suffering. Would not allow Genesis 1:28 to come with ease. It says in Romans chapter 8 17 to23 and if children then heirs heirs of God and joint hes with Christ if so be that we suffer with him that we may also be glorified together for I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us. What are we taught? This is an absolute. It was true then. It's true now. It was true before the foundation of the world. Character simply is never made without suffering. And the garden lacked the suffering that was necessary so it couldn't produce the glory that was to come. Adam was created here. He's created. He knows perfect love. All these things are perfect. But yet there's something that lacks in Adam that because he lacked there couldn't be a full expression of all that God was. So he stops Adam at just the right place so that time could unfold. so that God could express himself and the seed could come and that through his suffering we likewise could also be brought to the same glory. He says we're joint hes if we suffer. And he says, I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared to the glory which shall be revealed in us. There's something to be revealed in you. And this was always God's plan. Life comes from death. Glory comes from suffering. It's not without a price. This is the mystery of the fall. This is the mystery. They were in the garden. They were naked and were not ashamed. And all of a sudden, Satan is in the garden and he's working these things out. But it's working out God's plan which was necessary for his purpose because he says if we suffer, we shall also reign with him. It's the only way to the throne. Says it about Christ. them. Philippians 2:6, who being in the form of God, thought it not robbery to be equal with God. This scripture, as brother Brandham interprets it, and I believe it's a proper interpretation, I take that back. He interpreted it. So, it's proper that he thought it not robbery that it wasn't a crime. It wasn't illegal. It was his right. But it also has with it the meaning just because he knew it was his privilege, it was not just something easily grasped. thought it not robbery, godlikeness, god equality. For the image of God to be perfectly expressed, you can't just take it. It's not something easily grasp. That's why God stopped Adam lest he put his hand forth and take of the tree of life. Says it's not something the image is not something that can speak that can be expressed unless there's depth of suffering. It cannot really come forth through ease. It can't come forth through through through no trial or no suffering. Do we have to suffer to reign? He hath made us kings and priests and we shall reign on the earth unlike Adam was able to Christ who being in the form of God thought it not robbery to be equal with God. And notice what it says in Matthew chapter 4:1. Then after the spirit descends upon Jesus, heaven and earth unite. Then was Jesus led up of the spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil. The spirit of God drove Adam out of the garden into the wilderness. Why? Because Adam's a prefigure. And now Jesus is led of the spirit into the wilderness just like Adam was. And in the description in Mark, he says there he was in the presence. He was there tempted of Satan and in the presence of the animals or the beasts. It's just like it would have been in the beginning. Here he is in the wilderness in creation. They're all around and they're looking at Christ and they're sensing something, something just deeply ingrained in creation wondering. There's some some nature inside of them that's intrigued by what's taking place. Why? Creation would have witnessed something thousands and thousands of years ago in the garden. And now Christ is unfolding the very same thing that creation witnessed in the beginning. Now Christ is led of the spirit into the wilderness to be tempted. And again, the devil offers to Christ what he offered to man and woman in the beginning. Verse eight, again the devil taketh him up into an exceeding high mountain, and showeth him all the kingdoms of the world, and the glory of them, and say them, all these things will I give thee, if thou wilt fall down and worship me. Then saith Jesus unto them, Get thee, hence, Satan, for it is written, Thou shalt not worship the Lord thy thou shalt worship the Lord thy God. In him only shalt thou serve. Then the devil leaveth him and behold angels came and ministered unto him. What was the beauty of this? Resisted the temptation. All those kingdoms were going to be his. All those kingdoms and the glory of it were rightfully his. As him being the correct son, him being the seed of Abraham. They were his. The whole world was his. It was all being given to him. It was his to rule. But what was the heir of the offering? He wanted him to take it without suffering. Amen. He wanted to bypass God's way and he could have bowed himself to worship and become what he was going to be. But it would have been contrary to the divine order because he couldn't rule without suffering. He couldn't bypass God's way. Hebrews chapter 2 verse 10. For it became him is speaking of God. It became him. In other words, this is an act fitting of his divine plan. This is becoming of God's nature. This is becoming of God's intent. It was becoming to God's plan. It was in line with his divine purpose. This was an act fitting of his divine plan. For whom are all things and by whom are all things? In bringing many sons to glory. Because you have to bring many sons to glory, not just one. To make the captain of their salvation perfect. You want to put a period there? Through suffering. The glory that Adam fell short of could only come through suffering. The next step could only unfold after their struggle, toil, trial. Even Christ the son of God. For it became him to make Christ our captain of salvation. Perfect. How? Through suffering. Hebrews 5:8-9. Though he were a son, yet learned he obedience by the things which he suffered. and being made perfect through what sufferings. He became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him. This was God's plan. It became the only way for the glory to be expressed. The seed had to come. It had to be born of a woman. It had to suffer. It had to die. But he had given him power to raise it up again. And then being raised up, he could share that life with you who had also only known sin. And now you too could become partakers of his righteousness. That's the only way that it could happen. We should not want to go back to the beginning. If we could somehow create a time machine and go back to the beginning and keep the woman from falling, that would not complement God's purpose. But living according to his plan and submitting ourselves to his will, that pleases him. Oh, have Christ was made perfect through suffering. If suffering things he was made perfect, then I understand for me then the glory that's to be revealed in me is going to come by suffering. Verse 19, for the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth. I I just going to attribute that to a supernatural act. I have a clock up here and it just paused for the last 11 minutes. I was like, it has been 10 11:43 forever. They're like, "This is really supernatural." And they're like, "Wait a minute. This is supernatural, but my my clock stopped. I'll have less time I thought I did. The sufferings of this present time are not worthy compared to the glory which you shall reveal." So verse 19, notice how beautiful this is. I'd like to amplify it more, but I'm just going to read through it and then get to verse 23. For the earnest expectation of the creature, the creation, creation now waits for the manifestation of the sons of God. All of creation, all of earth, its nature, its life, its purpose, its being, is longing for the manifestation of sons. For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willing, not by its own will. When man fell, all of a sudden earth is cursed. What did I do? What what did the earth what did the lamb do? Not willingly, but by reason of him who hath subjected the same by reason. God's purpose was to do it. who did it, subjected it to vanity in hope, not uh not for no reason. Because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God. is under bondage now and it longs to be under subjection to the glorious liberty of the children of God. That even though they're subject its liberty and it longs to be delivered to the glorious liberty of the children of God. For we know the whole creation groanth and travaleth like a woman in labor. It's pregnant. It's groaning and travailing in pain together until now. Yes. Oh, can you just God grant us the revelation that all creation travails not because man sinned, but because redemption is what all creation was made for. It was made for redemption. It expresses redemption. It says, "For 6,000 years, we've been telling the story of redemption. We were made for this. You were made for this all. One day, we're going to be loosed into the sons." the manifestation of sons and all creation is grown and in travailing not because of sin but because that's what all creation was made for. It was made for redemption and not only they but ourselves also which have the first fruits of the spirit which is the earnest of redemption. Even we grown within ourselves waiting for the adoption to it the redemption of our body. What does it say in Corinthians? The second the first man is earth earthy. The second man is the Lord of heaven. We've come in this earthly tabernacle. So we're earthy. As it is 1 Corinthians 15, as it is the heavenly and such are they also that are heavenly. And as we have borne the image of the earthly, we shall also bear the image of the heavenly. It's a promise. Why? Because the first Adam was made a living soul. The last Adam is made a quickening spirit. This is the promise of Genesis 1:28. I'm going to close with this here. Just two two more statements. one we're very quick to read and and we'll it's 11:59. This is the promise of Genesis 1:28. Please don't fail to miss this part. I I've been last service. This is where even now I wanted to come to this place just to provoke our thinking. Don't fail to miss this purpose of God. From the beginning, Adam and the woman were granted power to replenish and subdue the earth. Replenish, satisfy the earth. And here it says, all creation is growing in travailing together in pain until now. What are they waiting for? They're waiting. Creation is waiting for the manifestation of the sons of God. Christ proved that what Adam lost in the fall could be restored back to mankind. So Christ represents something. But he's not just a living soul. He's a quickening spirit. And so what Adam and the woman lost, the power to multiply, to be fruitful, and then to replenish and subdue the earth, that's brought back to man through Christ because he laid down his life and he was granted power to raise it up again. So the very body that died and it laid in a grave came up again. But now I want you to think so beautifully. Now it's there there's power in the seed to subdue the earth and our bodies come from the earth and all our bodies were laid out in the earth. So brother Brandham says in power of transformation there was Adam and Eve walking in the garden every seed bringing forth. He says there is where we're facing yet the completion of that word. We are not just to be fruitful, multiply, and replenish the earth, which is to satisfy the earth's purpose and get a bride out of it. But there must come a people that subdue the earth. Amen. There's a there's there's something you're taking under subjection. There must be a subduing of the flesh, a subduing of the dust. There's power then granted to the bride to subdue the flesh. Power for redemption, power for resurrection. Because brother Bam says there'll come a time when you'll not only have to have power to heal your body, but you will have to have power to what? Change it. Christ was given power to raise it up again, but then you have been given power to change it. It's subduing the earth. And this was always part of God's plan. Sister Elizabeth, if you'd come. Always part of God's plan. In the message, conflict between God and Satan. Now, try to just follow me. Don't get ahead of me because you'll steal my thunder. But God at the beginning gave his children the atomic weapon because he's the infinite God. Now, seeing there was going to be a conflict and there's going to be a battle, God equipped his children with the right kind of ammunition, the right kind of attack, the right kind of everything that they had need of. And notice his language that would sweep them all the way from Eden to the rapture. What was it? The word. So when God gave the man and the woman the word, he knew one day there would be a rapture, be fruitful, multiply, replenish the earth. But there's also power to subdue it, to subdue the earth. It was prophecy of an end time bride that would take a new body to it to be clothed upon a union of a theophony and a glorified body that we would have a body liken unto his own glorious body. The sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared to the glory which shall be revealed in us. He gave Adam power that would sweep him all the way from Eden to a rapture. The prophecy of Genesis 1:28 prophesied the rapture. So, is this the accident of sin? Is this the accident of the Antichrist church working against the church, making it lukewarm and powerless? Is this the accident? This is always an accident. Man, God had a great church in the day of Pentecost. What happened? Another accident. Oh, man. It went into the ground. Oh, what? It's always an accident. No, it's always his plan. So that there be a bride on the earth in the last day. That could put a period on Genesis 1:28. This body has been fruitful. It's multiplying. We're in the season of full replenishment and subduing the earth. It's the purpose that he's raised us up for in this last day. This is what we see in the beginning when God created our very purpose. Let's stand to our feet. [Music] Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. [Music] Our [Music] gracious heavenly father, we bow our hearts before you today and we express love and thanksgiving to you for your goodness and your kindness and your mercy. And Lord, as we have looked into your word, we see a beautiful theme unfolding. And Lord, I would not, it is not my purpose to be cute with scripture, to get fancy with quotations of brother Brandham, [Music] but I desire that your people be blessed, that they be edified and encouraged. And Lord, the opening of the seven seals is not some great pie in the sky mystery that produces something outside of scripture, but it brings us back to your original intent in the beginning. Let it become relevant to us in our everyday life. Let it have purpose and meaning to us as redeemed sinners. Let it have purpose and meaning to us as parents, as spouses, as loved ones, as laborers. Lord, may this word have meaning in every area of our life. And Lord, may it all be within this per this view that is this is the hour in which mortality shall be swallowed up of life. That there's a clothed upon that you foresaw in the beginning. that there's a body that was waiting and that we are granted in this hour power to subdue to take a body that has death in it and by the word of God transform it to where it'll never die. We're in partaking of this word we're feeding on the word and a new body is taking shape and forming us around the word that's inside of us. Lord, what a privilege in this hour. Lord, may we then by the word take your weapon that you gave us, this atomic bomb, which is the word that was to sweep Adam all the way from Eden to the rapture. May we now in this end time, take a hold of the original spoken word seed. And may we allow it to sweep us to a change. May we not fall short of any promise. Take you at your word and believe you with all of our hearts. I pray Lord that you bless your people through their diligence, their faithfulness to listen to lengthy sermons like this, Lord, and desire to catch your pulse, your heartbeat, not just the phrasings of man. And as they've been intent and been purposeful and diligent to listen, may you now, Father, reward them with revelation. Strengthen them, I pray, in the in man inner man, Lord. And may this be relevant to us this evening, tomorrow. We grant we just commit the people to you Lord and may you bless us father in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. [Music]
