################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2020-11-15 - 10 ...God Created - Aaron McGeary.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2020-11-15
Title:   10 ...God Created
Speaker: Aaron McGeary
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Dal_hcSEcs
========================================

Description:
10 ...God Created
Bro. Aaron McGeary
Sunday Service: November 15,  2020
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Genesis chapter 1:es 27-31. I am so excited to preach this today that I got one hour of sleep. So if I fall asleep, I've got a good excuse. Uh if you fall asleep, I I have no excuse. Uh but I'm just so thrilled and I'm trusting we have the time to be able to adequately approach this and cover this and um may God just be with us. Let's just focus now in our hearts um on this Genesis 1:es 27-31. So God created man in his own image. In the image of God created he him. Male and female created he them. And God blessed them. And God said unto them, "Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it, and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowls of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth." And God said, "Behold, I have given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of all the earth, and every tree in the which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed, tree yielding seed, to you it shall be for meat, and to every beast of the earth, and to every fowl of the air, and to every thing that creepeth upon the earth, wherein there is life. I have given every green herb for meat, and it was so." And God saw everything that he had made, and behold, it was very good. and the evening and the morning were the sixth day. God bless you. You may be seated. I'm continuing on the subject of God created and it's uh flowing forth from the subject we began when the church started on in the beginning. And we've kind of taken that phrase in Genesis 1:1 and we've gone from in the beginning now to God created. In the beginning, God created. And one of our points that we've been emphasizing in this is you cannot read creation uh really any scripture for that matter. You cannot read it as merely a historical record of what God did. So like reading the newspaper what happened yesterday and uh reading an encyclopedia or reading a Wikipedia entry and and just reading something historical but rather when we read the creation the story of creation there's real there's substance to it. There's life to it. There's meaning to it. And it's more than just history. Brother Brandham says in falling a part of this world, but the one who created the heaven and the earth expresses himself back through his creation what he is in his program. Now this could be said of the creation at any time at any point in time but especially so in the beginning of the creation him being the author of it him being the designer him being the architect uh him being the artist he's reflected in his work his character his attributes his desire and brother Brham says the one who created the heaven and earth is expressing himself back through that creation so God would be invisible you could know him if you could understand his creation Amen. And it could be like a work of art that could be abstract and you look at it and you don't understand it and you're not quite sure what it means, but then the artist could reveal to you this is what that means or give you a little bit of their background, their background and all of a sudden something can begin to take shape and he says what he is in his program. So what we want to know is God and then also his purpose. We want to know God not just that there is a God. The Bible says that uh that God without faith it is impossible to please God. So he that cometh to him must first believe that he is and that he's a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. So it's not just believing that he is but also an understanding of his desire and understanding of his promises. So we ought to know what he is in his program. And understanding what began in Genesis chapter 1 and chapters 2 helps us understand what's happening now. And I I had when I originally began just to to put the scriptures together. I was hoping to get through uh Genesis chapter 1 and Genesis chapter 2 uh today, but we may not even be able to get through Genesis chapter 1. But I I want to focus on this. If you want to just kind of begin reading through it, Genesis chapter 1, Genesis chapter 2, Genesis chapter 3, that encompasses in the beginning. It encompasses a period of time in which God is laying down a pattern. And it's important for us, I believe it's important for us to understand what transpires in the first three books of the Bible so that we can understand what God is doing right now. Brother Brandham says in the power of transformation there was Adam and Eve walking in the garden of Eden every seed bringing forth. So he kind of brings us to the silence between Genesis chapter 2 and Genesis chapter 3. Every seed is bringing forth. Everything is doing what God had ordained it to do. Something had been set into motion. Things are unfolding. And then he I'm skipping just a few phrases here to come to this. He says, "Oh, how I'd like to stop here for a moment to say there is where we are facing yet the completion of that word." So what is what what was set forth in Genesis chapter 1 and Genesis chapter 2, we today are finishing that. Amen. And I that's remarkable. It's remarkable to see it in that light that we are completing and we are fulfilling God's original spoken word. that the seed that was sown is going to come to its perfection in this hour. And that's what we are fulfilling and that's what we're accomplishing. And to me, that is such a necessary connection to God that goes beyond this belief that we all are just born as sinners and that we are pleading to the cross that we might be forgiven of our sins so that God as an angry God would no longer be mad at us and then take us as orphans a and adopt us as children. And now really technically we're orphans, but he's adopted us and so now he's let us into the family and somehow this becomes our relationship to God. He's not mad at us anymore. No, that's not so for the elect. The the the elect have a connection with God in the beginning. And so we've we were looking at through several services and and this will be the only review that I'd like to give even though those points were reviewed. We're seeing God's plan of a bride at the beginning and then his plan to bring her forth at the end in perfection. You may not see her in perfection at the beginning, but she's there. She's represented. And so God's plan in the beginning, he hid something. He held something back, but he allowed shadows and foreshadowing and types and different glimpses. And so we're looking at God's plan for a bride in the beginning and how that he brings her forth in the end in perfection. And we also were highlighting that by showing the beast at the beginning, what his ambition was, what his desire was, and also uh the the the beast at the end. So we see the beast at the beginning, the beast at the end, the trail of the serpent, and how that when the when Satan was in the garden of Eden, who did he attack? He attacked the woman. He he he looked right to where the woman was because his ambition was to dethrone God, to overturn God's plan. He opposed the plan of God. So, he went straight to the woman and and I and we don't have it explicitly laid out to where the devil says, "I know it's through the woman." But we can see Satan has always probed and tried to guess. What did he do to Jesus? If thou be. So, it's the very same question that's asked of the woman because we're taught that the temptation of the woman in the garden is the same temptation of Christ in the wilderness. And so, we read it as, "Ah, yay. Have God said you can eat of every tree in the garden? But then when it comes to Christ is if thou be the son of God. So the the vein the emphasis the the the questioning had a similar line and he wanted to uncover the same information. Are you that tree that brings forth eternal life? Are you the one through which this kingdom is going to be reproduced? Are are you that tree? And so Satan was in the garden of Eden looking for the seed of power, looking for a seed of life. And this message exposes Satan in the beginning all the way to the end. Amen. Brother Random desired to preach the 12 uh trail of the serpent. And he began to lay that trail out there in the end of his ministry even more distinctly and clearly. And in doing so, I believe it left to us a revelation to be able to see the wicked one be revealed, the wicked one exposed. We see him in the beginning and at the end because it's the bride that he's trying to dethrone. It's the bride he's trying to destroy. So, he was there in the beginning trying to find her and he's here in the end and he can't get to her. So, as we go forward in this, I want to take a comparison just to this is kind of just to get your your your script uh scriptural mind thinking and and pondering the Bible and and looking at the beginning and the end. And I want to take a comparison of the first three chapters of the Bible and the last three chapters of the Bible. So you have Genesis 1, you have Genesis uh chapters 1, 2, and 3. And and it begins in the beginning. And then you have Revelation chapter 21 uh 22 and 23. And the Bible ends with amen. So I'm wanting to look at these parallels as these things go forth. In Genesis chapter 1 verse one says, God created the heavens and the earth. And so this is what comes up in the very beginning of the Bible. The first thing that's mentioned is in the beginning God created the heavens and the earth. And then Revelations 21:1 John sees the new heaven and the new earth. So now it's a a totally renovated and brought forth in perfection. It served its purpose. Now it's glorified because it's an original spoken word attribute of God. And we see it in the beginning and we see it maybe in a chaotic form immediately following this. But then in the end, John sees the new heavens and the new earth. In Genesis 1:16, it speaks of two great lights, a sun to rule the day and a moon to rule the night. And so we see this coming up and being described in detail in Genesis 1. In Revelations 21 24, the Bible says that the city had no need for the sun or the moon. Amen. So we see it come up in the beginning. It fulfills a purpose. It expresses something. But then in the end in Revelations 21, the city has no need for it because the lamb is the light thereof. Amen. In Genesis 1:5, God creates darkness and he calls it night. He separates out light and darkness and therefore you have night. And God establishes this in the beginning. But in Revelations 21 25, there shall be no night there. So you you you begin to see something that God lays things out in the beginning in a certain way to accomplish his purpose, but then in the end everything's found its perfect place. Amen. Not that it wasn't perfectly positioned then, but it was placed to fulfill a purpose. Used to fulfill a purpose. Recall that brother Brandham said because the woman was cast over to that side. She was placed in the garden and she was used for the fall because she was used for the fall. In the end, she has a sacred charge for redemption. So, you have a woman represented in the beginning, but in the end, she doesn't make the same heir as the first. The one in the end restores and redeems the one in the beginning. Paul said, "They without us could not be made perfect." There's a perfection that takes place that redeems the whole image. Amen. So he says, "And there shall be no night there." In Genesis 3:1, we see that the devil is in the garden. What is he doing there? He's trying to deceive. Wants to defile creation. In Revelations 20:10, the devil is cast into the lake of fire. Amen. We see him in Genesis 3. In Gen Revelations 20, he's going to be no more. Genesis 3:16 is where sorrow is born. Speaking to the woman, in sorrow thou shalt conceive and bring forth children. It's the first time that sorrow is brought into view. Revelations 21:4, it says there should be no more sorrow. Amen. Notice what's happening. What's in the beginning, what's happening in Genesis 3:17, there's a curse upon the creation. There's a curse even upon uh the serpent. There's a curse upon creation. But in Revelations 22:3, it specifically says there shall be no more curse. So Genesis chapter 1, Genesis chapter 2, Genesis chapter 3, it's like God is setting up his bowling pins. Yeah. Right. He's setting up the targets. He's taking aim. He says, "These are the things I'm going to deal with." Hallelujah. These are the things I'm going to show you that we've got I got power over. I these are the things that are going to come. These are the things are going to be, but in the end, they shall be no more. There shall be no more night there. The devil is cast in a lake of fire. There shall be no more sorrow. There should be no more curse. Also in Genesis chapter 3, just kind of summarizing it. What does the devil do? He comes in speaking lies through the lie. It brings sin. Corruption enters. Defilement enters into creation. But in Revelations 21 27, there's there shall no lie, no abomination, no defilement enter into that city. Because this is what John is describing in Revelations 21. He saw that the city descending out of heaven from God adorned as a bride for her husband. And although lies and sin and defilement enter in Genesis chapter 3, but in Revelations chapter 21, it says, "In that city, no liar, no abomination, no defilement shall enter there into the city." Genesis chapter 3, we see that death enters. We know death was conceived even spiritually and that God said uh that he had prophesied it the day you partake that day you'll die and we see we know that death entered in and we'll get into this in greater detail uh in the future that that when that the skins were made death has entered the first thing has died and so Genesis chapter 3 death enters Revelations 21:4 there shall be no more death so you see the beginning of things, but then you see the end of things, the summation, the completion. In Genesis 3, 24 speaks of how that mankind is kept from the tree of life. He's barred from it. He He has no access to it. But in Revelations 22 verse two, the tree of life is in the midst of the city. It's restored back to mankind. Amen. And it says even in verse 14, they shall have a right to the tree of life. What is it that's represented there? Christ is the mystery of God revealed. He brings forth a bride which will be the tree of life restored back to him, husband and wife in the garden of Eden. And in Revelations 21 9 and 10, notice notice what it says here. And there came unto me one of the seven angels which had the seven vials full of the seven last plagues, and talked with me, saying, Come hither, I'll show thee the bride, the lamb's wife. And he carried me away in the spirit to a great and high mountain and showed me that great city, the holy Jerusalem, descending out of heaven from God. This is the climax of creation. Th this is now this is we're reading the last, right? In the beginning, God Genesis chapter 1, Genesis chapter 2, Genesis chapter 3. But now we're seeing God's program satisfied. Now we're reading in the end. And in the end, God is actually, if we could just use this phrase that may be familiar, but I'm not making it equal to that. But God is tying up a loose end or he's connecting dots. That might be a better way of saying it. He's saying, "In the beginning, there was death. Here, there'll be no death. In the beginning, there was sorrow that came. There'll be no sorrow. In the beginning, there was the devil. In the end, he's destroyed. In the beginning, the tree of life was hid from man. In the end, it's restored back." And notice everything that's being described is something that has to do with the city. And who is the city? you. So, you were represented. It's a Oh my goodness. It's in the beginning. He went ahead and set up all your challenges, all your enemies, all your weaknesses, everything that would come against you and attack you. And he set it up in the beginning and said, "I'm going to destroy these so that in the end you're perfect and free from them." He laid them all out ahead of time, protecting you, shielding you, hiding you from the beginning. And in the climax of creation, we see this parallel. Genesis 1 and Revelations 21, Genesis 1 and Revelations 22 and Genesis 3 and Revelations 22. And we see 20, 21, and 22 all coming to deal with in the beginning of God's creation. Now, I want to drop back if you just turn in the very beginning of your Bible. And I want to drop back now. And if a lot of maybe what we'll share today, you can say, "Well, we've we've kind of hit some of these points." But I just felt so overwhelmed to just take the time to go verse by verse through the first chapter of the Bible. I'd like to do the same with the second chapter. I'd like to do the same with the third chapter. It is it is so important to our understanding of even salvation. Right? Do we truly understand Christ if we don't understand the original sin? Right? Do we truly understand Calvary? If we don't understand the need for an atonement and even connecting it back to the promises in the being, do we even understand ourselves then? So there's so it's so important and I want to drop back to Genesis chapter 1 and start with verse one. And I want to go through the scripture with an understanding of two things and we've emphasized these through the first these first nine services on this subject. First, remember God's unfolding a mystery. Every detail has significance. Every verse has meaning. It all serves a purpose. And that's in God's part. We're seeing God's heart unfold. We're seeing God, the architect, the designer, the creator, expressing him now in the way he sets things and establish things. And he he's revealing to you something about his character, what he likes. If you were if you were at a at a a buffet, I don't know if we still have those anymore, uh, but if you're at a buffet and uh, and I don't really prefer those, but if you went to one and someone said, uh, I'll go I I'll get you a plate for you. They'd go up there and they just get a bunch of stuff and then you could give it to them and you could probably discern what they would like by what they pick at, what they try and everything that's finished. But if you really wanted to know what they liked, you would watch them go to the buffet and pick out what they want and create their plate. You're like, "Okay, I know they like this. I know they like that." And so what someone chooses, how someone does something, that's the way that they like it done. It expresses something about their character. God's the same way in this creation. When he does something a particular way, we could say, "Well, why? Why did he do that?" We may never know the why, but what's important is that's how he does it. Yes. how he does it is is important. Even if we can't understand the why, if it's the way God does it, that's the way we do it. You could you could very easily say, well, why do we have to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ? And we could provide a theological argument, give a scriptural basis for it. We could even give a lot of different examples just in the word of God to support why it's done that way. But if you want to come down to why God has made it an actual physical commandment, it's his prerogative. Amen. Yeah. And we can see the wisdom in it how that would it would be an outward sign to show that someone has truly understood that their sins have been remitted. And so it's like a litmus test. It's a it's an out it's a confession to others. And you realize by them being willing to take the name of Jesus Christ in water baptism by immersion a after the repentance of sin believing for the seal of God which is the baptism of the Holy Ghost which is the new birth. Then that's that's the way God has established it. We may never understand completely the why, but we know that's the his that's the what and the how he wants. And the second part that we want to be very to consider as we read through this is Satan's ambition. How that Satan was now as God's plan begins to unfold, Satan is very eager to disrupt it. And so he stands by at the ready to interrupt, to inject himself. In the parable of the sewer, the son of man goes forth seowing seed and then what does the wicked one do? He comes behind it seowing tears. And so had this had the son of man not swed first. He would have been waiting. He was waiting. He's he's always there. He's going to come next. He's going to come after. He's going to be the one that's going to come follow the word to do something to try to undermine the word to try to do something to hinder it. And so remember Satan had an ambition that is expressed even in Ezekiel and Isaiah how they had this desire. His desire was towards creating, procreating in life. He wanted that power because he was it was withheld from him in the beginning. And so remember, Satan has an ambition. So as these things are being laid out, Satan's watching. And so God is setting up his pieces. It's like the original Strateggo. And and Satan thinks he's figured it out. Oh, I know exactly what he's doing. But God is doing it all as a trap. Because it says in church age book chapter 3, it says, "Thus what God worked out here in the garden was his predestinated plan." And when Satan had brought about that which was necessary to the purpose of God, and it's a fragment, but I just want to catch this principle. Though it's a fragment, it's a principle that remains. Satan brought about that which was necessary for the purpose of God. So there's Satan acting to bring out God's purpose, interacting with the pieces, interacting with the scene, uh uh uh doing things to bring certain things out because in the end we read sorrow, defilement, abomination, lies, death, all those things are no more. They've been dealt with. And when they're no more, there is no seed by which they can ever be revived. Amen. And so God allows Satan to give life to those things. Did not God say, "I I the Lord create evil." Wait, he used it now to express his attribute. It's part of his great plan and program. So it says, "Thus what God worked out in the out here in the garden." What God allowed to happen in the garden is his predestinated plan. So there's a predestinated plan being laid out which holds a mystery. Holds a mystery of redemption. Holds a mystery of election and predestination. And Satan's right in there thinking he's messing it up, only allowing it to unfold to meet God's purpose. So now, Genesis chapter 1 verse one, and we'll see how long it takes for us to go through one chapter in the Bible. In Genesis 1 verse one, in the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth. We looked at this in great detail through a few services how God in the very beginning draws the image of the heavenly groom and the earthly bride and that there's something being expressed now in the word later in type with Christ and the Holy Spirit and heaven earth embracing and kissing and us being united with him. And they're laid out in the beginning and it shows in the very beginning the two things that are going to come together as the climax of creation. The the the groom and the bride. We know also in John 1:1 it says in the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. So in the beginning God who is the word. God is the word in the beginning. So in the beginning was the word in the beginning this word God created the heaven and the earth. Brother Brandham says in Christ is the mystery of God revealed. He is speaking of Christ the principal theme of the entire Bible. If you read the Bible and don't see Christ in every verse of it, go back and read it again. If you can't see Christ in every verse of the Bible, then you read it again because you've missed something. The Bible is Christ. He is the word. When you read in the beginning, God created there is Christ. And he says from that to the amen in Revelations is every word testifying of Jesus Christ. Now, I I I don't know if I'm just showing how poor of a planner I am, but I I didn't even notice the parallel to the slide. How it says in the beginning and the amen to this very statement here. See, it's God that has control of this. If anybody brags about their gift, then you question the gift because it's not theirs. It's yours. You can brag on it. Not mine. It's for you. But this is just how God lays these things out. So, you can see the parallel, the continuity. Here brother Brandham is saying there's Christ in the beginning there's Christ from that in the beginning to the amen in revelations every word is testifying of Jesus Christ. Now your relationship to Jesus Christ is not as an orphan or separate but you are embodied in that Christ. So there's a testimony that is of benefit to you. Yes there it will glorify Christ and edify you. There's something to be gained from scripture. So, as we read each one of these verses, we're not just reading them so that we can go back and and pull out our Bible uh planning app that we we read the whole Bible in the year and I can go in there and check the box that says Genesis 1 and like I've only got several thousand to go. But, uh we're doing it because there's something to be gained from it. Genesis 1:2, "And the earth was without form and void, and darkness was upon the face of the deep, and the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters." As we read through this, I'm going to stop to to bring in certain details or elements. And I thought of it this morning since I wasn't sleeping. And uh and I just thought of how my mind just kept going to these verses over and over and over again. I thought my it's what I'm doing is I'm just taking a stone and I'm just skipping it across the water and it's just going to skip 31 times. It's not even to get deep into it. It's just skipping across the surface. But I want to do just a few skips just to touch on a few things. And as we look at this, it says the earth, it now begins to describe the earth. You have the heavens and the earth. And it may have existed in some harmonious state. But then now this is the chaotic earth that God wants to describe. The earth was without form and void and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And so this chaotic uh earth we looked at in the very first service we preached here when this church was birthed. Arizona's believer's church. We preached in the beginning and we took Genesis chapter 1 and uh verses 1 and two and we identified ourselves with verse two. Amen. We realize I I can relate to chaos. I can relate to vanity. I can relate to nothing. And God wants us to even recognize that he brought your first ver your first birth into view. Born in sin, born with the fallen flesh, born with the fallen nature, he brings your first birth into view. He brings it right there into chaos, showing you that what he wants to do is he wants his spirit, which is the word, to move upon your chaos. He He uses this as the first image. So that this is the first way that we can begin to relate to God. That he's interested in your disorder. He's interested in your confusion. He's interested in your uh lack of feeling like you belong in your hurts and your pains. And he doesn't just meet it with this brute force, but in love and compassion. He begins to brood over your hurts, brood over your aches, brood over your brokenness. Why? With the spirit which is the word to bring harmony and order. Amen. I thank God that he places that in there. And the spirit which is the word, brother Brandham says, and spoken word is the original seed. Now, if you want to if you want to take a more upper level course on this, you could listen to spoken words of the original seed or study through it, read it, read it uh because it parallels so well with what we're reading here in Genesis chapter 1, 2, and 3. And he says, "Now this word of God is eternal. God being infinite cannot speak one thing and then later on change it to something else to a better decision." Right? He says, "Because every decision of God is perfect." Now, who's the judge of that? I ain't. Right? If you want to know what justice is in truth, whatever God says is true, whatever God does is justice. He is not subject to our standards of justice. When we say that's unfair, we're using some metric that we've come up with as humans to determine and arbitrate fairness, right? To and I've used this example before how that in a in a free market economy to a seller a fair price is a high price to a buyer a fair price is a low price. But the price that they meet at and be willing to transact at would be fair market value. When we try somebody with a a crime or we have a civil case to be adjudicated and decided, we bring a jury of peers and we believe that if we could get people who do not have skin in the game or a vested outcome or some vested interest in the outcome and nothing to do with the parties that 12 people or six people, the decision that they come to is justice. We have a judge who may arbitrate something, decide something. And we use these standards in order to come up with some way for us in the end to say it was fair. Even if you feel that you were wronged in the process, we had to come up with over thousands of years ways to determine justice. But when it comes to God, he's not subject to a jury. He's not subject to a judge. He's not subject to fair market value. God establishes value on his own. Amen. Whatever he says is worth 10,000 worlds, it's worth 10,000 worlds. Whatever he says is beautiful, it's beautiful. Whatever he says is great. Whatever he says is nonsense is nonsense. That's God's justice. It's wonderful. So he says God's decision is perfect. Once his word is once spoken, it can never die. Amen. It lives on and on and can never die because it is God. So remember, how can we be facing the completion of that word? Didn't that word just disseminate into the void? Hasn't it just broken up and lost its its waves? It's it's gone now, isn't it? No. If God has ever spoken something, it's alive. His word can never die. His word can no more die than he can die. That's the reason we we read in St. John chapter 1, the first chapter. In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God and the word was made flesh. The same word that was spoke in the beginning with his eternal purpose came on over and was made flesh and dwelt among us. God's word. So there was a word spoken in the beginning. And if you take notes, this is a good place spot to take a note and say there's a word spoken in the beginning that was made flesh and dwelt among us. Something that God said in the beginning that never died. Now you say, well, was it when he said uh let each uh uh let the cattle come forth? Was that the word that was made flesh? No. There's a word that pertained to Christ. There was something that was spoken that could never die and it came over and was made flesh. It's God's word. In the beginning was the word. Now as we get to verse three, from verse three to verse 31, creation is described over the course of six days. And uh that's I haven't revealed any mystery there. So don't quickly jot that down as if this is something I've just figured out. Uh even if it was something I just figured out. I'm sure you all knew that. But creation is described over the course of six days. And there's different ways that schools of theology and commentators have looked at this. There's no question that God is dividing time. There's some interval to this and that there's an evening and a morning and there's distinct junctures that identify some specific interval. But we recognize the day to be a 24-hour period. And if we just use that kind of loosely to describe some definite space of time, we we couldn't read this logically and it just be an indefinite period of time. In day one being an indefinite period of time and day two being an indefinite period of time because there'd be so much overlapping, it really wouldn't make much sense in the end. But the Bible says in second Peter 3:8, "But beloved, be not ignorant of this one thing." If the scripture says that then not only is it relevant in the context but it's probably something that we should hold on to to understand other things. So he says that one day is with the Lord as a thousand years and a thousand years as one day. So this is a very unique perspective that you could have one day with the Lord. So in the beginning there was six days of creation. So you could have one day with the Lord is as a thousand years. But then in the reverse a thousand years is one day. And and it's just it it it refers to the fact that this this interval, this time can be represented though it be a day, it could signify a thousand years. Though it might be referred to as a 24-hour period, it's actually in reality or in time a thousand years. And that's why this is and I I don't like uh uh just offering my opinion. So I don't know if I'm telling myself to stop at this point. You know, I actually tell myself no opinions. Yeah. And I I'll write it down. No opinions. Keep your opinions out of this. My opinions have no place. So, this is an opinion. This is a thought. Uh that when it comes to the millennium, man, we got a lot of things we talk about when it comes to the millennium. Could it be this way? Could it be that way? Could it be this way? It's a thousand years, but who knows if it just doesn't feel like a day to you, right? You're going to be in a glorified body, fully redeemed, nothing added to you for redemption. Here, fully glorified body. You are absolutely and completely an eternal being fully perfected and yet somehow interacting in in a thousand year thousand years of time on earth and it could be like what time is it? It's thousand years like man that went by fast, right? So it it even speaks to how the eternal relates to time. Doesn't relate it to it the same way that we would. So now the the the message of the hour gives validity to and establishes that the day was a thousand years. So though it may be in a 24-hour interval to a creature of time, what is unfolding would be a thousand years. And brother Brandham says this in power of transformation and this would be another sermon that you could go back and listen to along with spoken words of the original seed and see these parallels just perfectly lining up. He says 6,000 years God took to make this. And we see in Genesis 1 yet now we see that in this and I'm I'm taking my time on these things to to establish something and this is a very important critical part here. We see that in this in what the 6,000 years God had an objective that he wanted to bring to pass. So, do you can you just let that like lock in on that and try to get beyond just the wording and catch the thought behind it, the logos behind it that God allowed creation to come to pass over 6,000 years. And he had an objective in not only bringing creation to pass, but in how he did it and how long he took. God was not just well we'll see when we finish and whatever we get done in 6,000 years we'll just leave it that way. God was very purposeful, very diligent, very deliberate and how things were established and arranged. And watch this as we begin to read. You'll see that God's very specific, very particular. And so God is going to reflect his objective in creation. You'll see that God had an objective that he wanted to bring to pass. So he's going to reflect his objective in creation. And then he's going to utilize every part of this creation for the purpose for a purpose in his program. Every part, even the duration, there's meaning to it. In Hebrews chapter 8:5, I want to use this just to emphasize how that God has lays a pattern and signifies something so that it must be followed. He said, he's speaking of the priesthood. He says, "Who serve unto the example and shadow of heavenly things." So here's offices on earth, priests on earth who are actually serving an example of something supernatural in heavenly and a shadow of heavenly things. So what a priest does on earth, he's reflecting something that's already been manifested in heaven. As Moses was admonished of God when he was about to make the tabernacle, foresee saith he, God saying that thou make all things according to the pattern showed to thee in the mount. So there is a pattern that is first expressed and then when there's a manifestation of the pattern or when there's a manifestation, it's got to follow the pattern. That's right. Now, Moses is the one that wrote Genesis 1, 2, 3. He's the one that wrote the Pinto. He's the one that writes the first five books of the Bible by supernatural inspiration by the breath of God. So, Moses, when he would write, God would breathe these things. And Moses himself was put in a position where God showed him something and then built it according to the pattern. So when God had Moses build and create something, he was first given a pattern and the completion or the perfection of the tabernacle was fit fit the blueprint of what was already showed to him. So this shows God's nature and I use these scriptures because I want you to begin to identify that God's nature then is to establish a pattern first. So when we're reading Genesis chapter 1, we can't read it in a way that and I I want to be so respectful because I have so much reverence for this word. It's perfect. Amen. I and I have so much reverence for the message of the hour which is has has brought to us made this Bible a new book that that we have I want we should be careful to not misplace the truth that when we understand that we're going back to the garden or we understand that there was perfection in the garden. We understand that God laid out a perfect Eden. All that was perfect perfect understanding of love of God. There's no death there. There's no s there. But God when he did that was representing something or laying a pattern. We understand just by virtue of the fact that we're all here fully clothed eating meat like steak, red meat. If you ever overhear me say I smoke, I'm referring to meat. But we So we realize now that we're obviously not living according to what was there in the garden. And so God knew this wouldn't be the climax, right? He set it forth as a pattern. And even as the Bible says, as we read these next six days, God even uses the six days as a pattern. In Exodus 20:es 9 to 11, six days shalt thou labor. Okay? So now God's given the law to man. They have six days to work and do all thy work, but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord thy God. In it thou shalt not do any work. thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy man's servant, nor thy maidervant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gate. So you couldn't get the gentile to do your bidding for you either on the on the Sabbath. So he's telling the people, "Rest on the seventh day. You have six days to work. You, your son, your daughter, your manservant, maid servant, cattle, stranger, whoever it is, you got six days to work." And notice verse 11. For in six days the Lord made the heaven made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that is in them is and rested the seventh day. Now look at how that God set forth a pattern in Genesis 1 and two or Genesis 1. And now he revives it in Exodus chapter 20 and says, I only want you to work six days and rest on the seventh. For God, the Lord made the heaven, the earth, the sea, and all that is in them. And then he rested on the seventh. Therefore, the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and hollowed it. So when God did this, he had a deliberate purpose. And he actually set a foundation or a pattern that would be later followed. So was it arbitrary? No. God was setting forth a pattern. If we could look at it this way, this was a precedent. God is showing forth the precedent. And then even we realize for us that there's a that there's a Sabbath for us. So God is laying this precedent down of labor, work and work and labor. But then there being a day of rest and it was six days of labor, which would be the number of man. Seventh day, which represents completion, is a day of rest. And there's a shadow or a foreshadowing. I'm going to create the earth in six days. Then after six days, I'm going to rest. What did he foreshadow? That Israel would have a Sabbath day. So it's also a type. There's a shadow and a type. Is it the full and some substance and the whole of everything? Historically, 6 days to create the earth. Okay. Yeah, we get it. 24 hours is a thousand years. So, 6,000 years God created the earth. All right, let's move on. No, there's something being spoke in it. And notice what brother Brandham says. I'm going to read from three places. It might be uh it might be overkill, but I really want to make my case. He says, "Satan's eaten. He's made another Garden of Eden, and 6,000 years it's taken him to make it." Just like God did at the beginning, God made his Eden in 6,000 years. That's me adding that. And Satan corrupted it. Now, Satan's made his own Eden, and God's going to destroy it. I like how God could just uh one up Satan. Oh, Satan, isn't that nice? You corrupted it. Well, guess what I'm going to do to yours? It's not even exist anymore. That's why we know there's no eternal hell. It says, "You shall consider his place and it shall not be." It won't even be anymore. it won't even exist. So God isn't just going to merely uh corrupt uh the devil's abode and corrupt the devil's existence. He's not going to have one anymore. And power of transformation. Again, I read from this several times uh this morning. He'll say again later. And as God took 6,000 years, which the original with the original word, remember that to bring forth every word of its kind and everything that he made would be God's own word bringing forth of its kind. So, it's the word that brings forth. We we need to understand this part, this dynamic of what's being expressed in these several verses we're reading today. And now God took 6,000 years to express the original word, to express it in its seed form, to express it in a particular image. He says, "Now the deformer has taken 6,000 years to deform the word of God. And what has he done? He has brought himself to a new type of Eden, Satan's Eden. And that's where we are living today." Now, isn't that an interesting negative parallel that you see 6,000 years in a perfect Eden, man and woman in an Eden, living in perfection, but now here we are 6,000 years later, we're living in an Eden, but it's not God's delight. It's Satan's delight. Right? And Satan is just loving it. This is Satan's He's the God of this evil age. He's the God of this world. He's the prince of the power of the air. He He's ruling things and he's deceived. He's delusional. I was fellowshipping with a pastor in Tucson this week and he was sharing with me some personal things. Uh it was brother Doug Baker and and we were what he was expressing to me. It just showed me he was sharing this with me how someone could be under this delusion. This is just me kind of summarizing it. And you could think you look at the person, you think, man, they're really sincere. And yet, they're completely convinced uh they're sincere about a wrong so much that, you know, they really believe this. They're really convinced of this. But then you have others who are just slick and they don't believe what they're saying no more uh uh than than it is true. They don't believe it at all. In other words, but they want you to buy it as if it's truth. And and I and Satan to me is one who God even speaks of bringing a strong delusion. They're just delusional. They actually think he he still thinks he can win. That's why that wounded serpent when it went out into the waters became more volatile because it still was holding on to the hope that it could overcome the bride. It could overcome the elect. So now he says that's where we're living today. Very sobering. But yet remember the end these things are dealt with in leadership. One of brother Bram's very last last words he's going to be sharing with us. God, it taken you. He's praying. This is so beautiful. God, it took you 6,000 years according to the Bible to build in Eden. And you put your son and his wife in there, his bride to rule over it. Now, that's an image we're going to try to come to this morning. And Satan come around and perverted it. He's got 6,000 years and he's built his own intellectual eating through science and education and so-called intelligence. And he's built it into a mess of death. Amen. And what does he use? Science and education and so-called intelligence. And though we live by the tree of knowledge of good and evil, and though we are have benefited by science and education and intelligence, we need the wisdom of God and the leadership of the Holy Spirit to counteract all the poison and the leaven that's contained in these things. I I I I I believe in an education. I I believe in science. I actually as a matter of fact I would say that um in God we trust. Everyone else bring data. Right. Right. That's right. And so in God we trust but everyone else I want I want some scientific method applied to your theory. I want to I want to see this thing worked out. I want to know uh the margin of error. I want to know the controls that were put in the experiment. I want to know how big the test pool was. I want to know if if there was a control group. I I want to know everything about it. Did you know if you drink that it's going to cause cancer? What are you basing that on? I'm basing it on a study that was written in 1972. Can you give me the study? I want to read it. And I'll read the entire thing. I'll go to all the footnotes and I'll find the 460,000 articles that have been published since then that debunk it. And I'll say I I'll get my dolly with all my banker boxes full and I'll say, "Where do you want me to put this? I'm returning your study with my studies." That's how I am when it comes to natural things because that's what we live by and that's the that's what pervades in the carnal realm in the natural world. But then notice what God says. Oh God, take us back to Eden again, Lord, where there's no death, where there's no sorrow. His hunger and his desire as he begins to express it is not that we would remain intellectual, not that we would begin just to cope. That that may be one of the biggest problems with a lot of the things that are out there today. It's really just how to live here and get by. Yeah. It's really I mean, if you could just subtitle every single religious, every single doctrine and every single theology out there is how to get comfortable in Leodysa. How to get by in Satan's Eden. Right. And I'm so glad that the message we've received is how to get out of here. Someone asked me, "What does that mean going home? is was that about you coming back to Arizona? I said, "Well, I guess you could look at it that way, but it's it it just in the beginning, it's not necessarily going to be the by line to the church logo uh uh forever, but it speaks of what our purpose of gathering is." Amen. It's the for the purpose of leaving. And if we can have going in mind and that lost souls are part of that, evangelism is part of getting the message out. If it means supporting a a missionary work and supporting an endeavor, uh, Brother Barry Coffee has been trying to uh, uh, get a certain project done and there's some funds that are needed for that. And Lord willing, I want to take up a missionary offering the first Sunday in December. So maybe you could remember that, we could remind you of it as well. That there's things that we support, not because we want to be checking all the boxes of what a church does. There's no stations. Did you do your Our Fathers? Did you do Glory Bees? Did you do all No, we do these things because we have a result in mind. We're going home. He says, "Oh God, take us back to Eden again where there's no death, where there's no sorrow." In Genesis 1:es 3:5, "And God said, "Let there be light." So now we're now we're just going to pick up on these six days of creation. He says, "And God said, let there be light." And there was light. And God saw the light that it was good. And God divided the light from the darkness. And God called the light day, and the darkness he called night, and the evening and the morning were the first day. Now, I I was uh pondering this and and and meditating. And I say, "Lord, I I want to understand better the placing of these things." Because the sun by name does not come into view till later in the fourth day when there's two great lights. But yet something's being expressed here that is a a lightbringer and therefore a lifegiver, right? And it has the it is something that in being divided. There's a light that's shining that we could say at the very least represents is represented in the sun that we know today. And that there's a light then that was existing then as a sun which was divided between light and dark. And he says when he divided the light from the dark he called the light day in the darkness he called night. And it says in the evening and the morning were the first day. So now God has established the interval and by creating on the first day the result of the first day is a day. It's almost like circular reasoning on the first day God created the day and so he said let there be light. Now brother Brandham says and it is the rising of the sun and I want to this is your driver's test. How many can read this? Can anybody read this? Well those in the first three rows any brother Mike okay but you got binoculars that doesn't count. Anybody? Anybody in the back read that? You can read it, Gabriel. Awesome. Okay, that's great. So, then I'll keep that font. I just didn't want to have to keep cycling through all the slides. It just was easier on me. Uh, I ran out of time, I guess, maybe to break it up into several slides. But just try to follow this, those who can those who can read and interpret for the neighbor next to you if there's any ambiguity. But notice it is the rising of the sun. Abraham's preaching this not as a historical it was the rising of the sun but a declaration to the bride on April 18th 1965. It is the rising of the sun. Amen. The sen. He says and the first light was ever given in the earth was God's spoken word. There's the spoken word again. That's the first light that ever came as God's spoken word. The first light that ever struck the earth was God's spoken word. He said let there be light. So when we see let there be light and there's a light it is the it is Christ which is the sun which is God in the beginning the logos is like a sun that comes out of God and then we see it now embodied in a light and he says that's God's spoken word he says he said let there be light and there was light that turned darkness into light in order I love the poetry over these next several statements in order to bring forth a creation of joy and life upon the earth. Then the spirit of God as it moved with love and compassion at that great day, the first day of the dawn of creation upon the earth, the sun rose and swept across its rays and dried up the waters from the earth and made an atmosphere above. And he's describing these things that begin to happen as the sun begins to beat upon upon this chaos and this darkness. And he says, he describes it, isn't this beautiful? He says, and all for its first time it was to bring joy and life to the earth by seed. That was a great hour. Could we pause and just frame that for a moment? A creation of joy and life, compassion. A and he says, "Oh, a great day of dawn of creation rays beaming out bringing joy and life." He says, "That was a great hour." So now, as Genesis chapter 1 3:5 is framed, we look at the now that is an amazing, beautiful picture. That has to be the most glorious sunrise ever. That's the one we want on our Instagram. No filter. It's perfect, right? Notice what he says. But oh, it wasn't nothing. That sunrise, like the sunrise on that Easter morning. The first time with the sun leaping into the skies, it brought forth a greater sunrise than ever because it came greater news with this sunrise than it did with the sunrise at the beginning. So we say, "In the beginning, God said, "Let there be light." Oh, that's amazing. That's fantastic. That's powerful. That's God's spoken word. But then one day, the sun rose. The su n rose with the s o and that rising of the sun was greater. Oh, what a resurrection that was. What a resurrection this is. It just keeps getting goodter and goodter. Oh, that's so beautiful. He says, "Because it came greater news. This sunrise brought a news that he is risen. He's quickened from the dead as he promised. He's risen from the dead. Now, as you study the message, as you go and listen to his rising sun, he's bringing a pillow to our day. So, we can look back and say, "Oh, if I could have just been there in Genesis 1:3, if I could have just been there, maybe, oh, if I could just be there when he come out of the tomb, but you're here witnessing a beautiful sunrise." That's right. He said the first time the sun rose in Genesis 1, it was bringing a message that there will be a life. There will be life upon the earth, mortal life. But this time when the sun rose, there was a dual sun rising, another sen rising. Sunrising, it was not only an su rising, it was an s had risen to bring eternal life to all God's promised seat. Now notice the connection that by fornowledge he had seen laying upon the earth. So there's something expressed now as the sunlight comes forth and it's going to be beaming through these six days of creation. God is foreshadowing that one day the sun's going to rise and it may unfold over a couple thousand years and through several church ages, but the light's going to find the seed because it was laying there in the beginning and came forth through several thousand years and it's coming forth now. You could even say through 6,000 years, right? Humanity will reign upon this earth and there'll be souls that are saved in one and there in etern through 6,000 years and then we'll have our millennial honeymoon rest the seventh day. He says no more could the botney life live back there at the beginning without the su to bring it to life. No more than today when sons of God is upon the earth. It takes the sen light to bring them to eternal life. His chosen ones that he knew before the foundation of the world. He had chosen them in himself before the foundation of the world. And on Easter morning, then in this dirt somewhere laid our bodies at that time. For we are the dust of the earth. Somewhere in the dirt. Somewhere in the earth, which we'll point out in greater detail when we get to Genesis chap chapter 2, this flesh represents it. He says, "And in heaven," so now this is two two important elements I want you to see because once we get to the next uh the next two days these elements begin to take shape. He says on Easter morning our bodies laid in the dust of the earth represented there in the dust earth represented in earth in some way. He's saying when that sun rose and then the so rose that we were represented somewhere and he says and in heaven. So as a representation on earth and in heaven there was a book of memory and his attributes was in him knowing that because this son of God raised it would also raise the life every son that was for ordained to this great time. He knew it would be and what a more glorious sunrise that was ever than it was at the beginning at at time when it first dawned. Amen. It was a more glorious sunrise then on Easter morning than it was at the beginning when it first dawned. So the first d awning glorious, glorious, glorious, very good, very good, perfect, perfect. But then there's another one which is even more glorious, even more perfect, even more beautiful. That gives Genesis chapter 1:es 3-5 more weight, more significance. Now he said in this the the rising of the sun there being a day and a night and brother Brandham likens the sun rising. He says it's going to there's the the earth there there's a representation in earth the body there's something representing earth but then there's a book in heaven but they're they're not completely disconnected because he says he knew that the life of every son for ordained to this time he had a book of memory in heaven of the life that was going to be in the earth right and and a special record called the lamb's book of life that that's connected to so there's something in the heaven, but it has to be reflected here upon the earth. Genesis chapter 1 6 to8. See, we're doing this verse by verse. And he says, God said, "Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters." Now, the the language here is is intriguing. And let it divide the waters from the waters. And God made the firmament and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament. And it was so. So if we go in the beginning, it begins to describe the earth without form and void and chaos. It actually speaks of some kind of fluid mass without any discernable shape. And so there was some some waters there's waters now that are being divided and there's going to be waters that are above and there's waters that are below. And God called the firmament heaven. So now once he's divided the waters and there's a firmament above, there's waters above the firmament and there's waters under the firmament. There's now a dimension called heaven or a space called heaven. Not the supernatural realm of heaven, but the an atmosphere. And the evening and the morning were the second day. So as God created light in the first day and the evening and the morning were the first day. Now God has brought a division and it's the second day. To try to summarize this uh without the benefit of any animation or slides, but God is dividing atmospheres. When it says he brings forth the heavens, it it's like a it's a medium of light and life. It's a it's a dimension. It's an atmosphere. It's a realm. It's the air we breathe. And as it begins to speak of waters below and waters above, there's this vapor. There was a vapor that it describes the clouds and there's mist. There's water. Because you realize that um H2O, it can be in solid form, it could be in vapor form, it could be in a liquid form. It's still the same thing. It's water. So there's there's different ways that the water is represented. You have vapors, you have clouds, and with the vapor and the light, what do you have? You have rainbows. And these things are expressed and and made manifest in these heavens. As God would begin to create, there's waters that would then be represented upon the earth that we'll see here in a moment. But then as God creates these heavens, you have God dividing the atmosphere. God is actually stretching out the sky with mist of clouds and vapors and and and and light shining in the mist creating rainbows and different things or different reflections. And in Psalm or the the elements that would make the rainbow, the things that would be in the sky to be able to declare signs and express things. And in Psalms 104:2, he says, "Who cover thyself with light as with a garment." I think that that's a beautiful warm scripture. He covers you with light as a garment. And then it speaks of God, how who stretcheth out the heavens like a curtain. And that's that's how the language is used when it talks about how God made the firmament. And you look at this scripture in other places. It was as if God was expanding something. He's expanding the skies. He's expanding the heavens. As the Bible even speaks in Amos, the stories of heaven. And it's not like a story, but it's it's speaks of some kind of order, some kind of junction and and spacing that God is creating and dividing. The waters above the firmament now are creating the perfect atmospheric conditions for life. God is creating an atmosphere above, a buffer of protection. Uh there's ways that it could be described where God had created this perfect greenhouse because now you have the a buffer of water around the entire earth and it would create where everything was the same temperature, everything had the same ability. We say, "Well, what zone am I in? plants can I plant this time of year? Is it dry? Is it humid? Am I upside down? Am I right side up? You know, it it was just one climate. And God is establishing this by not only where he placed the earth in relation uh uh to the other planets and the sun, but by the atmosphere that surrounds it. There would be a lower atmosphere which would be thicker and that's the air that we breathe. But we know as we go higher in the higher atmosphere, the air gets thinner and we're not able to breathe that air or it becomes harder to breathe. But yet it's a realm where birds can fly. So there's life upon earth. There's going to be life in the air. And then there's a higher atmosphere which would be the thinnest. And it's in that atmosphere in those heavens uh where the sun and the moon and the stars are going to be placed and find their final fixed position. So what is God doing as we read further and read through it? God is establishing the elements for life and God is placing the elements for life. That oxygen maybe is coming into view when God begins to stretch out the heavens and create firmaments above and firmaments below. Because if there's water and we know that it's made of hydrogen and oxygen, we realize that there had to be something then that's being separated out that provides an atmosphere where we could breathe oxygen and not water. And he's bringing not only establishing and placing the elements for life, but he's putting them in order. He's establishing order. How that there there may have been, this is just as I've pondered, this may have been gravity that now is being put into place. That where you had a fluid mass that maybe was able to run freely and and there was really uh just different forces that were holding it together. But now when God begins to divide, there's a pressure, there's a gravity that's going to begin to hold things. And God is actually in the beginning instituting the laws of nature that science itself breaks into and discovers. When they discover the laws of the law of gravity, when they discover the laws of nature, they're breaking into God's laboratory. Genesis 1 and two, that they're just discovering what God has already laid out, what God has already instituted, what God has already put into place, and it's time perfectly. And they can predict this, and they can predict that. And they have all these different scientific laws and rules of nature. They even call it mother nature. They call it laws of nature, things that are immutable. This is what happens. We know this is what's going to happen. God is already establishing them in Genesis 1:es 6 to8. Then in verse 9, and God said, "Let the waters under the heaven," because he's divided them. Then in verse 9, he says, "Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together under one place, and let the dry land appear." And it was so. Oh, this is so beautiful. So now there's waters under the heaven, but they have to be opened up. There's waters covering up the land. And now think of what God does. He parts the water so that there's dry land. And we see this image come up at the Red Sea, at the Jordan River, in Elijah, in Elisha. Why? because it's something that God does in the beginning and establishes a pattern that when the the waters are open up, there's dry, there's transition, there's moving into position that there's there's an unfolding of the supernatural. It's it's the third pull. It's the open of the word. There's different things that we can begin to show. This is what takes place. It's the power of the spoken word. It's the vindication of God's prophets. And here is the beginning. There's waters that cover up. And as long as the waters covering up, there's not going to be able life be able to come forth. There's not going to be able deliverance of what's in the earth. But God divides the waters under the heaven. They're gathered in place to let dry land appear. And it was so. And then now that it's manifested, God begins to name and begins to call. And God called the dry land earth. In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth. But now it is being placed positionally. Now it's be given a set identity. Now it's the earth capital. Now we have something of identity, something of purpose. And God called the dry land earth. And gathering together the waters, he called the seas and God saw that it was good. Oh, praise God. I'm just so moved. What happens now when there's just a mass before with their light coming with the firmaments being there as God comes to the first day and the second day and now something very supernatural is happening in the third day. Amen. And he begins to place things here and the earth and the seas are coming into view. And there's a special designation that's being separated out. And God is framing something, right? God has actually taken the waters to frame the dry land. He He's making it. He's going to weave them together. He's going to work them together. But now the land comes forth. And now notice these things that Brother Adam says because when this dry land appears, it's foreshadowing something very, very beautiful. If I promised you if you just really really got into this and pulled really hard and it really struck home and you could amen from your heart like you've always wanted to that I would stop, would that would that free you up to do it? Sometimes they say put your seatelt on, take it off. Amen. We don't need airbags. We don't need a seat belt. Lace up your shoes. This is fun stuff right here spiritually. And I I personally when the word is good, I giggle. I chuckle. I laugh. So if you just want to laugh, go for it. Brother Paul Levall is a kindreded spirit in that regards. So if you even want to give me a amen, just encourage me through this. In the beginning, if we come from the dust of the earth, our bodies laid on this earth at the beginning. That's right. So when the earth when the waters are covering it up and you think about brother using the analogy of that pond lily down under the muck of the waters and darkness and everything, light's got to get to it some. He says you got to come to victory somehow. So all the seeds that may have been laying in the earth by God's spoken word, they're never going to come forth unless God parts the seas. Unless God parts the waters, parts the Red Sea. They're never going to get to the promised land unless he parts the Red Sea. They're never going to cross Jordan unless he parts the Jordan. You're never going to make it till God parts the waters. And so now in the beginning it if we came from the dust earth, our bodies laid on the earth in the beginning. So our bodies are sealed in the earth. Our names are also sealed in the lamb's book of life. So, Brother Bam says on Easter morning, our bodies laid in the dirt somewhere, but in heaven, there's a book which represents us. And so, now this is just so so wonderful. Here in the message, turn on the light. He says, "Our bodies were on the earth before there was any life here or anything. The calcium, potass, petroleum, cosmic light, whatever it was, was here when God created the earth." So he's saying your bodies, your natural body, your human flesh right now has representation under the muddy waters, under the dark waters in Genesis 1:9. But then the spoken word of God causes the waters to gather to one place in dry land appears. So you it's it's a parallel of how you come to view. Even if by by view of being washed by the water of the word, it washes something away and separates you out as a Christian. When you go to water baptism, you go down in that water as a burial. But what comes back up? A new creature. Amen. Oh, hallelujah. Can you see how God establishes a pattern in Genesis 1 that we as every believer are walking in? That's right. God is unfolding the book. Now, we use a phrase often, the title deed to redemption. But at this point, it's not to redemption. It's just the title deed. God is actually giving God is actually giving the description that would be contained in a deed. He's describing all of it said in the bounds. It's the it's the description part that which the title deed pertain to. God's unfolding it. Is it just this mass of water? No. Let's divide the waters. It's this land. It's what's represented this land. And he's setting the anchors of redemption. He's actually setting he's setting the the the anchoring stones for pillars because it's going to be the title deed of redemption, but he's got to lay the bedrock. He's got to he's got to dig deep and lay the foundation. So, brother, now catch this here because he says now as we've seen the firmament above and he creates the heavens. So now that he's created the heavens, now he separates out water as seas and the earth as land and something's being embodied here. Brother says your your bodies in the dirt, but your me your life is represented in a book. Brother says remember these are hidden mysteries, the six seals. And he's referring to the seven. The seven altogether is one great big book. Just six scrolls rolled together and it unwinds the whole book of redemption. That's how the earth was redeemed. So it's redemption of what? The earth. That's the reason John wept. Because if no one could get that book. Now what I want you to see is the earth is that book or the earth is embodied in the book. What the earth has become is a reflection of what's in that book. And if that book is lost, it loses its identity. It loses its shape. It loses its purpose. Because he says all creation, everything was gone. She'd just simply turn back to atoms and molecules and so forth and cosmic life light and not even be creation person nothing else. Does it strike you to realize then why that book was so important? John realized everything that's happened to this point if that book is not taken then everything we see disintegrates back into chaos again. Right? Everything that's happened. He says because Adam lost the rights of that book. What did he forfeit? The earth. He forfeited the creation. He forfeited everything that was contained in in Genesis 1, Genesis 2. He forfeited the p the the promise of it, the purpose of it, the potential of it. And brother Bam saying that book represents it and it's Revelations chapter 5. There's a book sealed. And the Bible says, "No, no, no man in heaven, nor in earth, neither under the earth. There's no man that that that is existing within these atmospheres that exists within the realm of creation." Do you realize how he described it? I even pointed it says in the earth. And we might say, "Are you in Texas or are you in North Carolina? Are you in Phoenix? Are you in Poria?" And we kind of just kind of mean, are we on on the earth? But it's something that's in it, represented in it. Now I see why the son of God had to descend from glory. Amen. For the redemption of it. That's right. Because no man in heaven nor in earth, neither under the earth, was able to open the book, neither to look thereon. But what takes place? There's one worthy. That's right. There was one found worthy. And we'll find as we continue, we've even mentioned it before. It's the one that God hid from the work of Satan. It's the one that God preserved, the original spoken word, seed, son, Christ in the breach. Brother Brandham was talking about that sealed book in Revelations 5. Here's the book of redemption. Here's the plan of redemption. Here's the only way you'll ever be redeemed. For here is the title deed to the redemption of the whole heavens and earth. Amen. So the book is the redemption of heavens and earth and God in the second day brings forth the heavens and God in the third day is now bringing forth the earth and the seas or the earth represented as dry land called earth and the seas. So what happens? What happens when the book is opened in Revelations 10:es 1-2? And I saw another mighty angel come down from heaven clothed with a cloud and a rainbow was upon his head. God laid those elements in day two out there. And now he comes down from heaven clothed with his head clothed with the cloud of rainbow upon his head. His face as it were the sun and his feet as pillars of fire. And what do these pillars need to find? The foundation, the bedrock. And it says, and he says this, and he had in his hand a little book open, which is what the title deed to heavens and earth. And what does he do with the book open? It says he comes down with a little book open and he set his right foot upon the seas and his left foot upon the earth. The very anchoring points for the pillars of redemption. God lays them out in the third day. I'm going to cause dry land to appear. I'm going to place the seas there because one day his feet are going to come down as pillars and going to redeem the seas and the dry land and it's going to be the redemption of the whole thing. And God set the place for his feet in the beginning. Amen. The foundation of the pillars are laid in the third day. What is it? The third day represents resurrection, perfection. He signified one day there's going to be a rising of the sun. And the clouds that come in day two and the vapor and the light, the light from day one and the vapor from day two that'll be able to create rainbows one day. I'm going to bring all these elements of the first three days and I'm gonna express them on earth in the deed the book of redemption of the entire heavens and earth come down and anchor on sea and land. Wow. We're not even done with the third day because in Genesis chapter 1 11-13 and God said, "Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is in itself upon the earth, and it was so." Verse 11, Genesis 1:11 is a critical scripture. Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit. So it would flowers and grass, green grass and flowering plants. And it's after his kind whose seed is going to be in itself. And they yielded after their kind in their channel. He says, "And it was so." And watch what happens. And the earth brought forth grass. God speaks now. The earth is doing it. grass, the herb yielding seed after his kind, the tree yielding fruit whose seed was in itself after his kind. And now all these elements in place and God saw that it was good. Now if all these elements are not in place, it's not good. But God sees something as good when it's in its place fulfilling his purpose. So God sees the fruit bring forth fruit after its kind. He sees the grass bringing forth of its kind. everything in its place in its position and God see that it's good and the evening and the morning were the third day. So the this phrasing now let the earth this ends the third day. My the morning the the first part was amazing and then this next part is so critical to this redemption. So critical to why there needed to be redemption. Redemption was necessary. a resurrection was necessary because the violation of this very scripture. And the spoken word is the original seed. He says he's given his title to his sermon. The spoken word is the original seed. Now, if you'll notice, God said, "Let it bring forth in his kind. Whatever it was, it must be brought forth of its kind. It must be just a little legal tip for you that in in legal language in a statute if it says uh u you shall do something it's actually implies that it's voluntary. But if it says you must do it, it's compulsory. So I don't know if it says you shall wear a mask, it's actually trying to say well it's recommended and suggested that you do. If it says you must, then it's mandatory. And here it says that it must he's saying it must bring forth whatever it was it must bring forth of it brought forth of its kind. Brother writes in one place the law of reproduction is emphatically that each brings forth after its likeness. So if if this is God's law of reproduction, if you look a particular way, then as a plant, as a fruit, as a flower, even as we get later in animal life and kind, then if it looks a particular way, then it's progeny should look that way. No offense to all the doodles we got out there now, the labberoodle and the beagle doodle and all the other doodles where we have dogs that don't shed, which is wonderful. It's marvelous, but that's not God's original way. If you look like if you're a poodle, which that could be hybrid, I don't know. But if you look like a poodle, a poodle should have poodles, oodles of poodles, right? That's how it should look. And it it speak God's order. That's God's way. Now, I'm not going to trifold with this. I'm not going to argue with this. God said this that basically when he says it that he's saying each bring after its kind is in an image that God ordained, it had a characteristics, DNA, a certain life, a certain way that it should be. And if it ever brings forth again, it must look like itself. Let that revelation strike deep within your heart. Brother Bram says in paragraph 4:13, this is in the evening of spoken words of the original seed. Here is where the spirit said, "Pick up the pen." So now this is God's word. This is God speaking. Brother Brandham even as one like a Samuel uh who never wrote a book, but yet God spoke to him. And here he is never wrote a book of the Bible, but yet these dynamics, these powers are working upon brother Brandham. He says, "Pick up the pen. Now this is God's words here. Now, here's what I'm trying to say to you. This is what God's trying to say to us. He says, "The law of reproduction bring forth of its kind." Genesis 1:11. Now, in the you'll find in the church age book, Brother Brandham amplifies it more and he's able to uh uh lay it out in writing what what the Lord said to uh pick up your pen and write. But God says Genesis 1:11 is my law of reproduction. You must bring forth of its kind. And the very next thing God says, the very next words out of God's mouth, the last days, the true church bride comes to the headstone will be a super church, a super race. So when he when Genesis 1:11 is placed in there, what God has in his mind is not so much that the flower the purple flower produces a purple flower and that the green grass brings forth green grass and that all these the the orange brings forth an orange and apple and apple and these things and you don't eat grapes that taste like cotton candy. He's just saying all these things. It's not just for that. It's because in his mind, there's an original spoken word which is Christ. And the bride is going to be that. Oh, hallelujah. So, he says, "That's my law of reproduction." Reproducing what, God? My law of me reproducing myself is got to be by the same word. No wonder you're him. It's the same seed. God is expression is character. The original must not be changed, must not be defiled. It's why Paul preached against another Jesus, another gospel. And he says, "Which there's not." And then notice how God ends the book. Revelations 22 18 to 19. These are ones that we could have put in that original slide. He says, "For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book. If any man shall add unto these things. Now remember, think of this book. Even the Bible being representing the book of what? The earth. It tells the whole record from beginning to end. The earth. The heavens and earth are represented in this book. The heavens earth are represented in the sealed book, the book of redemption. It's all represented and there's and they're connected together in type and they're they're expressed in the same thing. He says, "If any man add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book. And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life and out of the holy city and from the pro and from the things which are written in this book. So God opens creation with the law of reproduction in the law against hybriding, the law against mixing, a law against crossing the seeds. So God opens creation with this law and then he seals his Bible with this warning. Don't add to the word. Don't take away from the word because you won't get the original. Amen. You'll get something but it won't be the original. Brother Bram says, "Today is a great day of hybriding animals, corn, wheat, making a better looking product, but it's no good." Because in the beginning, God saw that it was good. But now that it's hybrid, it's no good. It's rotten. No life in it. It dies. It can't reproduce itself. It's dead. That's why things hybrid today don't have a lot of them don't have seeds or if they do there's nothing to them because they're hybrid. It's outside the proper channel of life. Because everything that we have on earth, now this is a statement that holds a lot of weight. Everything that we have on earth today in its original form is a spoken word of God. If it's in its original form, oh man, hunt for those things. Try to find those things. Therefore, I'll skip God. Therefore, God's spoken word is original and everything that God created, spoke into existence is original and it must stay that way. Right? Now, remember, every spoken word of God is the original seed. God planted everything in the earth by his word. And as long as you stay with the original seed, it will breed itself right back and reproduce itself again. If you hybrid it, it dies. As long as you stay with the original, it reproduces. And that was what God wanted. Whose seed is in itself after his kind. Now, I happen to know that we're that you're you're not eating till around one o'clock. So, it's going to take you about 15 minutes to get where you're eating anyway. So, I I don't want us just milling around wondering what we're going to do for the next hour. So, here we go. Verse 14 to 19. Genesis 1 14 to 19. And God said, "Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night, and let them be for signs, for seasons, for days, and years." So now we have stars and things that are going to be put in the heavens. And he says, "And let them be for lights in the firmament of heaven to give light upon the earth." So many great beautiful things being expressed. And it was so. And God made two great lights. So now these these placing of these great lights. The greater light to rule the day, which is the sun. And the lesser light to rule the night, which is the moon. The sun represents groom, a husband. The moon represents wife or bride. And now they're together ruling the entire day. day and night and the earth. We've already looked at in great detail, so we won't have to spend much time on this. And God set them and it says in stars also. So all these things are being placed in the heavens. God has order for them, purpose. And God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth. So now they only have purpose as it relates to the earth. The sun, the moon, the moon exists for the earth's benefit, right? The the sun exist for the earth's benefit. And then you'll find that every single one of these elements that are being placed are being placed so that life can come forth for man's benefit. Amen. Because that's what the earth was for. That's right. And he says, "And he set the firmament of heaven to give light upon the earth and to rule over the day and over the night and to divide the light from the darkness. And God saw that it was good. And the evening and the morning were the fourth day." And we we've spent time on that before. So I want to just we see God's representing something right in the moon in the sun in the ruling how in the end even in the very end you'll have no need for the sun and the moon because the lamb is going to be the light. Genesis 1:es 20 to 23 we're coming to the fifth day now this fourth day these first four days establish something in place it now the fifth day. Now notice now that all now that the herbs, the the flowers, the fruits, the grass, the waters, the light, now that everything's there, if I could just use this word, it's like the aquarium or the pen, the field, the fence has been put in, the hay bells are out, everything's out, right? It's all there. And God said, "Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving creature that hath life and the foul that may fly above the earth and the open firmament of heaven." So now we see that what he created on the second day is going to be a abode and habitation for birds to fly through. So now these things he's doing in the prior days he's g he had them for a purpose. So now there's going to be the the waters that come forth on that day that are divided out that we see and come forth in the third day he's going to put fish in it. The heavens that were made in the second day he's going to put birds in it and the earth and above the earth. And God created great whales, and every living creature that moveth, which the waters bringeth forth abundantly after his kind, and every winged foul after his kind. And God saw that it was good. So God is doing this very orderly. He goes from great fish in the waters to even smaller fish and smaller to even those that might crawl along the banks and be in and out of the water. This is God doing things in a very orderly way. Brother Bram says in power of transformation it come like by evolution like he was learning more all the time making something greater and greater but see he was above it all and just let it evolute up like that. See everything he be to bring upon the earth from botney life and fish and so forth it came on into birds and the animals. Now I'm going to back up here because I want you to notice this in verse 22. Now does this sound familiar? And God blessed them the fish and the fowl and say saying he blessed them saying. So the blessing is the saying be fruitful multiply and fill. The word fill is replenish. Be fruitful multiply and fill the waters in the sea and let the foul multiply in the earth. And the evening and the morning were the fifth day. So in this fifth day, you could pro you could get into numerology. You could get into different types. Remember, I'm just skipping a stone across the waters. Now, God says for the first God is expressing this now of living things, things that uh that are have sustaining life, not like just a fruit or a plant that has a seed that it's going to bring forth. Now, you have life that's going it's going to be a different way of sustaining life, a different way of feeding, a different way of growing, a different way of of reproducing. And it says, "God blessed them." This blessing is a divine order for their continuation. Catch this. Hold hold fast to this. This when it says God bless them, power is granted. A as living beings, the fish and the fowl are now empowered through this blessing, through this saying to be fruitful, multiply, and then to fill up, come to completion. And so the word of blessing, you could just take this into your bosom now. This word of blessing was the actual communication of the ability to procreate and to increase. Had God not spoken it, they could not have been fruitful. Had God just said, "Be fruitful," then they would have just been fruitful. But he said, "Be fruitful and multiply and fill." And so the word spoken actually communicates to them or empowers them with the ability to reproduce and increase. God blessed them by virtue of his word. He gave power to procreate and further and continue the species. Otherwise, there would have been a great well and maybe it lives forever, but there wouldn't be many. But notice the blessing. God blessed them. And it's by the spoken word that the fowl and the fish become empowered to reproduce the original. Verse 24. We've made it to the sixth day before noon. And God said, "Let there let the earth," now verses 24 and 25, God said, "Let the earth bring forth the living creature after his kind. cattle and creeping thing and beast of the earth after his kind. And it was so. And God made the beast of the earth after his kind. And and notice the language is now he speaks to the earth. God said, "Let the earth bring forth." So when it says God made, it's his spoken word becoming active upon the earth wherein these things already existed in seed form. So it's God bringing them forth by the spoken word. And as they come forth, it's the beast of the earth after his kind, according to the seed that was sown. The cattle after his kind, and everything that creepeth upon the earth after his kind. And God saw that it was good. Why? Because it's after his kind. It's according to the seed, the species. Let the earth bring forth. By the power of God's word, the creatures are produced from the earth. And the creation reveals God's nature after his kind. Each species with its unique characteristics with a unique seed and unique DNA ingrained in it. God wants them to bring forth and he describes them in different capacities. Cattle, creepy things and beast. You could almost separate these different parts of the animal kingdom. You have fish, you have foul, you have creeping things, you have cattle, you have beast, all these reptiles, different classes, and science categorizes them today, right? And they could come to a species and genus and distill it down and say, "Well, you have this kind and you have that kind." And they all branch out and they all go back to these these originals. And God lays out the original and says this is the channel. This is the channel. This is the channel. Brother Ram says in the masterpiece he began to work upon creeping things upon little animals upon the earth and begin to bring that from that into something higher. And then finally he brought into the larger animals such as a lion, a tiger, a bear. Then he brought into the life maybe of monkeys and apes and so forth. Not an evolution as we think one came from. That was a complete creation. God working in a pattern. I've got to hurry. As God in his great evolution, question and answers began to make fish. Then he made birds and then he made other things, animals, and they kept coming on up till one come out to a chimpanzeee and to a monkey and on down to a gorilla and then in the form of a serpent. God is so orderly that science today can actually determine which one God created first. And God does it with such detail that they can say, "See this. This is the next one that followed and this is how they connect." And then they get a missing link. They don't know how that connect. They don't know exactly how it connects, right, man? Oh my. If they could only just accept the Bible. Do me a favor. Stand on your feet. Stand on your feet. An exceeding great army. I love it. You're all standing except some people. Look at this. I'm getting you. Don't worry. You can just stay seated there if you want. Oh, God bless him. You can be seated. If I created the expectation of a close, I apologize, but we're getting there. We're in the middle of the sixth day. We don't have any more days after that. God is working in a pattern. And the pattern is so lined up, so connected in invisible union. And so was God manifest in the beginning. Now notice finally he was appeared as Jehovah, God the Father. Then he appeared as the son in Jesus Christ. Now he appears as God the Holy Ghost. The same God all the time. Three manifestations of the same God. Now he says now we find that each generation God has lauded his word from the beginning. So in each generation of creation there's an allotted word that's being expressed. All have a position. All have a place. All have a purpose. And he says just like evolution came just like the first thing God created probably. Let's say he created botney life. Then he created animal life next. Then he created human life. Next kind of an evolution rising higher. So as God is created from the smallest detail through the living things, it gets higher and higher, greater and greater and greater. And now we're we're just stopping for a moment. We're pausing. And before we close, I want us to stand here in the middle of the sixth day, in the middle of the six-hour sermon and ponder. Just think now for a moment. The first four days, I'm not going to go back and start reading them again. God brings light in order out of darkness and confusion. Day one, light. Day two, atmospheres and heavens, skies. Day three, he divides the water from the land and springs forth grass and flowers and fruit. Notice how beautiful this would have been to witness if God if he had like an iPhone 12 with time lapse. Think of how amazing this would be. He formed in this day four. He sets the sun in its place. He puts the moon in its place. It's symbols of power and position. They're visibly placed over the earth. What does it do? It gives light. And he's giving all the dimensions of life. This is this is the territory. This is the realm. This is the greenhouse for grass and flowers and plants. This is the oxygen for for plant. This is the water for fish. This is the air for birds. And he's putting all these things and he's actually as he brings these things forth these things in the first four days, he forms the setting for man's existence. And he's setting forth his kingdom. But man doesn't exist yet. And on day five and six, God creates every kind of living thing in sea and air upon the land. And now it's the evidence of God's life. These are things that are animated, not just a fruit tree, not just grass, but now these things are, it even speaks of the ne where they would have a living, they're living creatures. They have a desire, they have appetites, and and they actually are given a commandment. So there'd be an impulse for creation. There'd be an impulse for feeding. There's instincts that are placed within them. So now the scene is set. In your mind's eye, if you could just imagine this, the scene is set. It's the domain in days 1 to4. Now it's the subjects, the dominion, the creatures to be ruled by a higher power are all placed in the respective places. As we would read in verses 29 and 30, notice what it says. Genesis chapter 1:es 29 and 30. And God said, "Behold, I've given you every herb bearing seed, which is upon the face of the earth, and every tree in the which is the fruit of the tree yielding seed, to you it shall be for meat." Everything in the first four days, everything in the first three days had to be there for the herb yielding trees to be there, for the fruit to be there. And now God has actually taken man and see all this, I've given it to you. All this was for you. And then he says now in the next verse and the to the every beast of the earth and every foul of the air and to everything that creepeth upon the earth wherein there is life I have given every green herb for meat and it was so. And he points the animals and he says see I did this for you. No wonder the Bible says if he cares for a sparrow, if he would watch out over those things, if he knows those things, how much more has he thought of you? Think of like brother Ram says God knew you'd love mountains. a new you'd like to bass fish all these different things. He said, "God, in the beginning when he did all this, if you could just come under the arm of God right now, as he points to his creation, he says, "See all this, I did it for you. I've laid all these things out there. I've put them in their place." But in that very moment as God describes it in verse 29 and 30, it could be said at the moment before he says this next thing because it's into this perfection into this evolution of an orderly creation. Do you understand what it means when he says I go to prepare a place for you? Just as God comes to the precipice of creating man in chap Genesis chapter 1 verse 25. It is a evolution of an orderly creation. It is a perfection. But now as he comes to this God can say I have done all this for my son and his bride to be. every detail, every seed, every life, every light, every order, every dimension, every molecule, I've arranged it for his perfection, for his benefit, for his success. And so when it comes time for God to bring forth man, he does not merely speak to the earth to bring forth, but it says in Genesis 1:26, "And God said, let us make man in our image, after our likeness, and let them have dominion." And now notice what he begins to say. Over the fish of the sea, over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth, God has now said, "Everything I've done from Genesis 1:1 to Genesis 25, I'm now going to hand to my son. I'm now turning it over to you. I did all this for you." not necessarily for himself, but he's placed it into the care of his son. And God describes every single created thing. He says, "And let them have let them have it as their domain. Let them have it to rule over." I'm entrusting it to them. And notice the very language it says. He doesn't say, "Let the earth bring forth," but he says, "Let us make." He's not springing forth of the same matter which the animals came from. Not springing forth in the same way that the plants came from. He's not springing forth. You got to catch this first expression now that God wants the man to come and he comes forward not as the animals did, not as the plants did, but now he comes forth from the very spoken breath of God, through the very heart of God. Let us make man in our own image. It had to be something in God that pours forth as the logos came out of God. It was represented in the supernatural. Now God's bringing something in the spiritual realm, a body, a man called Adam. In Genesis 1:27, God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him. Male and female created he them. Oh, hallelujah. He did not come the same way as the plants, as the animals. He didn't come the same way as the fish and the fowl, but the creation of man was on this wise. That's why when Jesus comes upon the earth and so and so begat so and so and so and so begat so and so and these are the generations of Christ. But then when it comes to his birth and the birth of Jesus was on this wise when Mary was of yet had not known a man, she conceived Christ of the Holy Ghost. Amen. What did God do? It was all He he he kind of put it out there. Could the devil decipher this? Could he figure this out? You think you're going to run a muck with the children of Israel? You think you're going to defeat promises? You think you're going to do all this and and and and scuttle what I'm trying to do, but oh, just wait. Just wait. After 2,000 years, there'll be a flood come. And after 2,000 years, a messiah will come. And that Messiah is going to be the one you've been trying to hunt down all along. And then you'll think, "I got him. The word is made flesh. And now I've got him. And I've crucified him." And the devil didn't know there was another 2,000 years because there's another one to come forth. He came by the power that calls things that are not as though they are. And what happens? They become. Man was not seen to this very moment. Man was not even conceived. As a matter of fact, serpent was over there going, "Man, I'm cunning. I can talk." And upright, animated. He would look at everyone else and he'd feel like, "I'm the pinnacle of creation. And notice God still had one more step. And they were born. They come forth from God. And in John chapter 1 verse one, it says, "In the beginning was the word." And what verse does brother Brandham always skip to? Verse 14. But notice what precedes verse 14. But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God. What a blessing. Even to them that believe on his name, which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God. Amen. What a beautiful image. Not born between a man and a woman. Not born from the flesh of this earth. Not coming forth originally in God's conception in his mind is just from the tree of life. But now this is the lamb's book of life. I give power to those to become, to express, and to manifest. What a blessing. He's communicating a blessing. And God's blessing you, giving you power to become. And he says, "And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. And we beheld his glory." The glory is the only begotten of the father, full of grace and truth. Do you realize the sons and daughters of God who are blessed and given power to become or put in quickly before the word which was in the beginning is made flesh. He wants you to come in view. Yes. Amen. To them that receive him, I've blessed and I've given power to become the very word of God. Not by the will of man, not by blood, not by flesh, but by the original spoken word seed. And that he flows so naturally. And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. And now the word is made flesh and dwells in you. Praise be to God for his great work that he has done. Do you feel it in your heart to offer him thanksgiving? Amen. What a beautiful picture that has unfolded. I know I may have taken great liberty with you and advantage of you here just with our local assembly here, but oh my my heart is so burning, so on fire. I I I'm experiencing just a renewal of energy to serve him, to serve his purpose, to do his will, to lay aside nonsense, to be wrapped into his purpose, to achieve his purpose, yield to his design, the beautiful continuity. Verse 28, and God blessed them. Remember the blessing of verse 22. What did it do? The blessing empowered. The blessing was God's conveying and empowering the creation to create. And God bless them. the man with the woman represented the male and female. God blessed them and said unto them, "Be fruitful and multiply and replenish," which he said to the fowls and the fish, "Be fruitful, multiply, and fill. But now with the highest of creation, one more, and subdue it." Could you ponder this just for a few more moments? Man comes forth and now God blesses them and he gives them power to what? Become. To them gave he power to become. He gives power to reproduce another son of God. This is prophecy. Can you recognize that? Then this is prophecy. I was telling Sister Elizabeth last night, I'm beginning to I I I'm feeling that Genesis 1:28 may be the most significant verse in creation because everything God was doing from verse one was getting to man to the point where brother Brandham said after he brought man forth, you couldn't create anymore. He got into the eyes. He come to the reflection of heaven. There wasn't another step except to bring out a mystery that was still hidden God. So when God gives this commandment, just read from here. Read chapter 2, read chapter 3, read chapter 1, 2, and three. Read it. Ponder it. Pray. Let the Holy Spirit quicken these things to you. Dig into the message. Say, "God, I want to see Christ, and in seeing Christ, I want to see myself, but this is a blessing to mankind." And God blessed them. And if this blessing then was never fulfilled by Adam and the woman. But that blessing became embodied in Jesus Christ. Then you are under this prophecy. This is the bride's blessing. God blessed them. It's not just a blessing upon groom. It's a blessing upon bride. It's not just blessing upon husband. It's blessing upon wife. This is your blessing. This is the bride's blessing. God bless them. Be fruitful, multiply, replenish the earth, and subdue it. This is the prophecy you're under. This is the promise we are under. This is my blessing. Oh, we can have our prayer of JZ. We can have our our our in our our incidental things. Listen, I don't mean any disrespect to the promise of divine healing, but that only reflects and manifests that there will be a resurrection. It is only a type that there will be death swallowed up in victory. And we can enjoy those things, but listen, the blessing that the bride is under is a blessing to subdue. Verse 31. And God saw everything that he had made. And behold, it was very good. And the evening and the morning were the first day, the sixth day. You can stand on your feet for real this time. Please stand. If we could sing that, have that song playing. Holy words long preserved. It means more to me. Means more to me in this moment than it ever has because now could you could you come under his arm for a moment? If God said, could we bring back the PowerPoint there? If God said to Adam after he blessed them, if he said, "See this. See this Adam, I did this for you." [Music] Then after another 6,000 years, the end of the in the end of the Satan's Eden, could you come under his arm for a moment and you look back at 6,000 years of creation, he could begin to walk through you, walk you through every day and say, "See that I did that for you." Why? Well, so that you'd know I'm a healer. See that? I did that for you. Why? How's that attitude? So that you would know the barren woman could bring forth a child. See that lost son come back. I did that for you. Why? So you can have faith to believe your son will come back. And we have the benefit as Adam did on the sixth day to see it all. And we stand today with all the momentum from Genesis 1, building to this very hour. And in his presence, I implore you to yield to him. If you've never given your heart to him, young child, teenager, if God's pulling on your heart as a young boy, a young girl, if God's pulling on your heart as a young man, as a young lady, if God's pulling on your heart, someone's streaming, whoever it might be, let him put his arm around you now. and with the benefit of 6,000 years of creation of God's Eden and 6,000 years of defilement of Satan's Eden, still see that God let him do it to bring forth God's purpose and predestinated plan and yield to him. Could you do that? Let's bow our heads. [Music] Surrender to him. [Music] Just yield to him. If you need prayer, we pray with you. If you desire to be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, we'll baptize you. Let me let me let me offer this. I know we've probably said it a dozen of times and done it over and over again. But your faith's been raised right now to a place maybe it's never been before. If you want to claim a promise, claim it. Right now in his presence, you claim that promise. I'm not just a son of this earth, a product of this earth. I'm a different material altogether. And now I stand as Adam could have on that day and had dominion. I now stand before you now, God. and I claim my redemptive rights as a son or daughter of God for my family, for my health. We bow our heads in prayer. You desire to lift a hand. Our gracious heavenly father, I pray now for the hearts that are lifted up before you. Hands have been raised. Confessions are being made. And Lord, may we feel and sense and know what Adam may have felt on that day. And I pray that we would fully yield to Genesis 1:28. that we would so give ourselves over to verses 29 to 30 that we could come to understand what Romans 8 meant when it said all of creation was groaning for the manifestation of the sons of God. And Lord, as in the beginning, you begin to place things, bring things forth in a seed and life begin to come forth and then eventually even in other days, you positionally place them and set their where they might be. I ask now, Father, that you would bring a seed to life. I want to see a soul come to to you, Lord. I want to see life come forth. What a great miracle, the miracle of salvation to see one go be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord, I want to see children come to the Lord. But I want to see wayward ones come back. Lost sheep come back. Scattered ones, wounded ones healed. May they come to this light, Lord. May they come home. And Lord, us who have been birthed by this beautiful word. May it continue to positionally place us in the promises that we could partake in the divine promises. I commit the people to you now, Father. Commit this service to you. I've delivered my burden. I seal it. and conceal it with an amen, Lord. And we'll worship and be dismissed. So I pray that you bless your people, through their intentiveness and their diligence, their patience, perseverance, Lord. Though weary, they have not slumbered, Lord. Though tired, they have not yielded to it. They focused. They've been just right there, Lord, as it were, on the edge of their seats. I pray that you would bless them, Father. Give them the desires of their heart. And as they've stood upon a divine promise right now, Lord, with their faith raised to a level now, and they've claimed it, Father, I join my faith with theirs, believing that they have received it in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And may it be manifested, Father. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, I pray. Amen. Amen. Amen.
