################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2020-09-27 - 05 In The Beginning... - Aaron McGeary.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2020-09-27
Title:   05 In The Beginning...
Speaker: Aaron McGeary
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D_imbnha7Kw
========================================

Description:
05 In The Beginning...
Bro. Aaron McGeary
Sunday Service: September 27,  2020
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I trust you're happy to be in the house of the Lord today. It's nice to see so many of you out uh for fellowship and to sit at the Lord's table and to feast upon his word. And we appreciate your patience as we uh work out certain kinks with different parts of a service. We realize that uh church is for the preaching of the word as our prophet taught us. Then it's not only for the preaching of the word because there's so many different uh ways that we're edified by gathering together and so many different parts that we play ministries that we have within the body of Christ that don't relate solely to preaching. And so we know there's a lot more to it. But then there's so many other things that just are natural logistical um pieces and parts that uh are necessary. And so as we work through some of those as we uh start a church, we appreciate your patience and also just the many of you who've uh supported in different ways and offered to help. We greatly appreciate it. And I'd like to have a meeting this uh afternoon uh or just after service this morning rather um immediately after service once this room has uh emptied out of those who'd like to pray. For the brothers uh who consider themselves to be part of this church uh and who've made the decision to uh to come and to fellowship together. We'd like to just meet briefly um after service uh to discuss one specific subject and that's uh a future space for the church to be on a temporary perhaps permanent basis. So if you could uh just remember that at the end of service, we'd like to meet with some of the brothers and we just want to welcome all those who've come uh to show support from other churches in the valley in Arizona. We appreciate you coming and showing the support. It certainly means a lot to us and it really speaks well of of your churches, your pastors, and even yourself uh to come out and just show the support. And we know that there's many churches that haven't been able to gather at full capacity, even some churches that are streaming only. But we encourage you as your church is able to gather back together uh at full capacity or resumes having church services, we encourage you to to attend those services and show your support. uh you know how hard it is to be away from the body and as the body starts coming back together it would be nice uh for for all of us to be able to assemble where we feel led to be. So we just encourage you to do that but at the same time we're saying thank you for coming and visiting and showing the support. It has meant a lot to us. Matthew chapter 5 start with verse 13 and read to verse 16. And I'm wanting to read this as my text to give you some uh indication as to what the burden is on my heart as we're continuing to look at the first chapter of Genesis, the first few verses there. And it it says this in Matthew 5:13, "Ye are the salt of the earth. But if the salt hath lost its savor, wherewith shall it be salted? It is thenforth good for nothing, but to be cast out, and to be trodden under foot of men." And so he is specifically characterizing the believer as having certain attributes and certain a particular ministry. And if you are the salt of the earth and you lose and you're not serving your purpose, then the earth can't be salted. And then he and then he brings it into another characterization. You are the light of the world. A city that is set on a hill cannot be hid. So now he's designated as not only a salt but also as light. And then he describes it in a different capacity, a different way of expressing. You have a city set on a hill, but now he characterizes as neither do men light a candle and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick, and it giveth light unto all that are in the house. Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven. If we could bow our heads in a word of prayer. Our gracious heavenly father, as we have gathered together today, we have done so in your name. And doing so, Lord, we believe that you're in our midst according to a promise. And Lord, if you're here, then we believe you come with intent. You come with purpose. And we recognize that your spirit can be poured out upon all flesh, that the rain can fall upon the just and the unjust. But Lord, today we recognize that the rain is for the wheat. That rain has a specific purpose when it falls and it's to bring that seed to maturity. Lord, we believe that your power can move in a service, but we believe that it has a specific intent and a specific purpose. So Lord, as you have moved in the song service, it has increased our faith to believe that you're going to speak to us today. And as you open up this word and rightly divide it to our hearts and your the power of God comes behind it. Lord, we believe it's for the purpose of positioning our faith in this hour that we might overcome all the obstacles set before us. That we might be proved to be your word, that we might be proven to be not like Eve, for this great showdown that is coming, this triumph over death. So each one of us, we yield ourselves to you today, thanking you for your blessings, thanking you for your love and the peace that reigns in our hearts. We love you. We ask that you bless this part of the service. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. Amen. and you may be seated. I continue on the subject of in the beginning and uh I'm gonna I want to just jump right into the subject matter and maybe here in just uh uh at some point maybe partway through this uh recap some of the things that we had looked at last Sunday and uh and I don't think anybody who hasn't been here has hasn't heard uh these services I think you'll be able just to fellowship immediately with it as message believers as being students of the Bible not going to be anything uh out of the ordinary, out of the way, just things you're very familiar with. And if you want to look at Genesis 1, I want to begin reading from there again. Genesis 1:es 1 and 2 and begin just to focus on a particular phrase that is used here. Uh Genesis 1 verse one, in the beginning, God created the heaven and the earth. We realize that there's um this is a tremendous statement and God is beginning his Bible. He's beginning his record, his testimony as man would read it uh by declaring that he has created the heaven and the earth. It says, "And the earth was without form and void, and darkness was upon the face of the deep." Now, we've taken some time to look at the heaven and the earth and what that represents. We've to taken some time to even look out what it means to be without form and void. But now, it says darkness was upon the face of the deep. And last Sunday, we were looking at God dividing light from darkness. and the two great lights that he positioned in the heavens. And I want to just back up and start looking at this darkness because it means obscurity. It means something that is dim or confusing. Uh we could even be used to represent something that is black. And it's suggesting not suggesting it's just telling us that there was nothing distinct. That if you were to look upon the earth, you would see that it would be dark and dismal. It' be a gloomy atmosphere and it wouldn't not you wouldn't be able to discern any particular features or recognize even what substance you were looking at because the entire earth was just a a mixture maybe of mud and water or dirt and water just a a turbid chaos very dark very black without any light any motion and you just see this blob or this mass and it would be gloomy it would be dismal it would be a a dark atmosphere as brother Brandham described it and then it says the spirit Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters and that word is suggest a a brooding and brother Bannam used that term very often when he referred to this particular passage and some of the commentators actually do the same. They said the spirit of God brooded upon the face of the waters as to impregnate it as a hen upon a an egg to hatch it. That's what the Lord was doing upon the darkness and it was it was and it moved upon the face of the waters. And the Hebrew word that's used for waters is actually translated differently uh than maybe always thinking of the substance of water, but it actually is used uh figuratively as danger or violence or anything that may be transitory. So it's something that's dangerous, something that's violent, something that's transitory, and it moved upon the face of the waters. And it's very interesting in ancient philosophy, beginning with Thales, and I know you're all students of Thales, so this is very common. You're going to finish the quote before I even get there. But they actually believed and Aristotle actually espoused it as well and explained it to some degree how that water was the primary principle of all nature that it would that everything we have today originates from this single substance of water. And so you realize they're on to something but they've missed it because they place it upon water but we know that it was the word of God. And so there's something uh that's being expressed in these passages and something that the word of God is trying to express. And I want to look at how it says there was darkness upon the face of the deep. And that means the oceans or even these waters. And we're living in uh very difficult times. I'd like to say maybe unprecedented times and uh and there could be some ages that might want to take exception to that. But just in terms of the the global chaos and the global darkness, I as I just search it in my mind and it would be something wonderful to fellowship with you on as I think about what is the world is facing today. There may be times when there was a a more deadly pandemic that struck the earth. And there may be times when there was a greater political chaos, but now the the world is flat as it is. I'm not espousing a flat earth. It's just it's used by Freriedman that the world is is is just so small now. shrunk down to where we can ma have access to information and uh you could have a business based out of Mesa a and getting materials from China and you don't have to be a big huge conglomeration or great big you may not even be uh incorporated or an LLC you're just ordering materials or making it and you sell around the world because the world is just shrunk down and we're living in a time where uh if some country is going through something you can know all about it and that um that the the the failure of economies or the the change in political systems just reverberates around the world. So, we're looking at a time right now, whether it be economical or political or even social, even uh physical or medical, uh the whole world is tuned into what everyone else is going through. And we're all being impacted by it at the same time. And if you look into the scripture, we're living in an age that is characterized as the evening time, which itself is gloomy and dark and melancholy, but it's also an age that is characterized by darkness. And even recently, and I wish I I would have noted the date, but we have what is called the doomsday clock. And it's interesting to note that it began in 1947. And the doomsday clock was a way of measuring how close to a total apocalypse and catastrophe the world was to where the world order would just collapse, whether it be by a number of different factors, but primarily because of a nuclear threat. And for it is now inched to a 100 seconds to midnight is the way they characterize it. uh a 100 seconds to midnight. It's the closest that we've ever been uh to midnight according to the doomsday clock since they started it. And that's the time that we're living in, the doomsday clock. It's very descriptive. How close are we to doomsday when everything begins to fall apart and uh and there's a a world wars and there's collapse of economies and just this is natural people, natural scientists are saying, "All right, move it up, boys. Uh take 40 seconds off the clock or take 20 seconds off the clock. We're a minute 40." uh um um from midnight. That that's incredible that the world recognizes that. In Isaiah 60:2 it says, "For behold, the darkness shall cover the earth and gross darkness the people." It's a darkness of ignorance. It's a darkness of superstition. It's a darkness of of idolatry and false doctrine, false worship. It's a darkness uh uh because of man leaning to his own understanding. It's a darkness that pervades everything. uh let's not deceive ourselves and and rec when we see that science is based upon what's called fact and science has a way of going through a very rigorous discipline to achieve a particular result where it's no longer a hypothesis but it's something that can be proven maybe it's becomes a theory and then we come to conclude well this is a fact and facts are stubborn things and we can accept facts but we don't let facts interpret truth uh truth is greater than fact and if fact seems to oppose truth And we just say, well, until I can see the dovetail, until I can see how these fit things fit together, I do not need to deny facts, but I certainly will not devalue truth. And so, it's a darkness that pervades everything. It's even a darkness within science, a darkness within education, a darkness within academics, and all around the world. There's a darkness because the Bible prophesied that darkness shall cover the earth and gross darkness to people. Just as there was darkness upon the face of the deep in Genesis 1:2, now it's darkness that covers the whole earth and it's a gross darkness now upon the people. So this is the the spirits of mankind. These are the the minds of the people. And Paul in 2 Corinthians 4:es 3-4 says, "But if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them that are lost." Now that seems to be a very uh rough thing to say, brother Paul, and I don't even know if we could get away with that ourselves anymore. So, I'm glad we can just quote the scripture. Paul is basically saying, "Well, if you don't believe this, you're lost." Right? I mean, isn't that what the Amplified would say or the today's Bible and just put it in plain language? If you're not picking up what I'm laying down, you're not elect. And that's what Paul is saying. But if our gospel be hid, it is hid to them that are lost. In whom the God of this world, so there is a God of this evil age. There is a God of this world. There is a Satan who's been building in Eden through 6,000 years. And I want you to ponder that as we look at these characteristics of the end time that this is Satan's achievement that in in one sense for these next several minutes as we begin to lay out just how dark the world is. Satan's over there going right on. This is what I wanted all along. This is what I set out to achieve. This is his Eden. This is the climax of his Eden. And Satan is characterized as the god of this world. He's the prince of the power of the air. And he says, "The God of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not." So now this is gross darkness upon the people. It's a blind mind. It's a blind spirituality. It's a lack of discernment. It's a lack of common sense. It's a lack of recognizing right from wrong. He says, "Lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ who is the image of God should shine unto them." And so they're blinded. So that even though light would be shining, they're unable to apprehend it. They're unable to comprehend it because Satan has blinded their minds, blinded their ears, blind uh their doled their hearing, dulled their sight to be able to receive the light. And that's what's being expressed where it says, "Gross darkness is upon the people and darkness is covering the earth." In Revelations 16:es 10 to 11, it says, "And the fifth angel poured out his vial upon the seat of the beast." And now I'm not not getting into this uh fifth angel and this vial that's poured out, but notice how it characterizes the beast. And his kingdom was full of darkness. And they gnawed their tongues for pain. So Satan's kingdom is a king kingdom of darkness. Satan's kingdom is a kingdom of death. And now it's describing his kingdom is full of darkness. And they nod their tongues for pain. Now notice it says verse 11, and blasphemed the God of heaven because of their pains and their sores and repented not of their deeds. So now you have a people that are so blinded and so dull in their spiritual perception that instead of just repenting, they actually blame God. And so the Satan's kingdom is full of darkness. And because there's darkness, there's pain and and there's sores. And instead of repenting, they shake their fist at God. This is just describing how pitiful mankind has become in the end. The very characterization of the age that we're living in, the Leodysian church age in Revelations 3:1 17 is described as not knowing that we are wretched, miserable, poor, blind, and naked. They believe they're rich and increase with goods and have need of nothing. But it says, "And you don't know that you're wretched, miserable, poor, blind, and naked." don't realize they're enduring toils and troubles. They're afflicted. The scriptur is actually saying they're very unhappy. They're very uncomfortable. But through cognitive dissonance or whatever psychological process, they're trying to convince themselves everything is great, right? Everything is wonderful. And never underestimate the capacity of delusion to cause people who are absolutely miserable to convince themselves that everything's great, everything's fine, I've never been happier. Right. The Bible says in Luke 21 25 and 26 and brother Brandham identifies this scripture for the time this time that we're living in right now says and there shall be signs in the sun and in the moon and in the stars. Now think of that as there's the the the sun the moon and the stars were given for signs given for seasons. Now he's saying there's going to be signs again in the sun and the moon and the stars. It brings us back to Genesis chapter 1 in that very verse where these things come to uh come to be explained. says, "And upon the earth distress of nations with perplexity, the sea and the waves roaring." So now the sea waves ponder this as it said the darkness was upon the face of the deep and these waters were turbid and they're turultuous and everything was chaotic. Now again it's distress among nations, perplexity, sea and waves roaring. Men's hearts failing them for fear and for looking after those things which are coming on the earth. for the powers of heaven shall be shaken. There's such a dreadful expectation. There's such a hopelessness that it's actually causing human beings hearts to just quit. Such a fear coming upon the earth looking at economics and politics and everything that's taking place and it's wearing down the resolve of man. It's weakening their emotions. It's breaking their spirits. Distress among nations, perplexity, a tumultuous societies and and regions and countries and men's hearts. and failing for fear for all the things that are coming upon the earth. It's a darkness that covers the earth, a gross darkness upon the people. The very language that's used to describe the darkness of the end time is a darkness so thick it can be felt. It's a darkness so thick it begins to describe one as their spirit is being bowed down. As it begins to say people's hearts are failing them for fear, people's spirits are becoming affected just by the darkness. Not not by engaging the darkness. not even succumbing maybe to the signs and the things that are going on around us, but just by the mere thought of it. A a and I say this very pointedly. Uh we do not have to have ever been infected by COVID 19 to have felt its impact. And and I'm not just saying economically or socially, but the fear that goes with it to me is greater than the disease. And God bless you if you have allergies because you wake up every morning thinking I got every symptom of COVID 19. A and and if it sounds suspiciously specific, I'm describing my routine sometimes. Honey, do I feel hot? Taking my temperature. It's allergies. It's the way you felt your whole life. But now there's a there's a there's something out there because you you're always suspicious. You're always wondering. And now when everybody some someone sneezes, you don't say bless you. You say COVID 19, right? That's exactly what you do now. You just you step back and you say COVID 19. And they're supposed to say excuse me, thank you. And uh I saw a video one time of somebody who was so nervous they were on TV they sneezed and they said bless you and then they said thank you. So they blessed themselves and thank themselves. That's how nervous they were. But that's this is such a fear in the world today. And if all we did is track co 19, if all you did was looking at the polls of who's leading for the presidential election. If all of you spent your time the last 5 days researching who's a possible uh nomination for the Supreme Court vacancy and then looked at the responses to what the Democrats could do in the next time the Senate gathers together, then you'd just be driving yourself crazy. Republican, Democrat, Libertarian, Green Party, Tea Party, doesn't matter. You would be driving yourself crazy because those things have a weight. There's a fear that's associated with it. It's this is an age that is characterized by fear. in Exodus 10:es 21-23. Uh, does anybody anybody believe we're in the third Exodus? We're in a third Exodus. We see the very types and signs and shadows, the very things repeating themselves. It says this in the third exodus, "And the Lord said unto Moses, stretch out thy hand toward heaven, that there may be darkness over the land of Egypt, even darkness which may be felt." Now, in the first Exodus, this was a physical darkness that was so dark it could be felt. That's heavy. Now, we've got to look at it in this sense. This is a spiritual darkness. And it's a spiritual darkness to the same degree and intensity that it was physically dark then. Now, it's spiritually just as dark. And then they would not have even been able to see their hand in front of their face. It was so dark that it was pervasive. It it it exuded everywhere. It saturated everything. It was a darkness that could be felt. That's what the Bible is saying. Now, in this third Exodus, the spiritual darkness is at the same intensity and degree to the same extent that people did not have physical eyesight to see beyond their themselves and did not have physical eyesight to discern anything around them. Now, today spiritually, there's gross darkness upon the people, and they're just as blind spiritually. And Moses stretched forth his hand toward heaven, and there was a thick darkness in all the land of Egypt. Three days they saw not one another. They couldn't see one another. It was so dark. It says, "And neither rose any from his place for three days." It was so dark they were paralyzed seated wherever they rem. They couldn't get up. And then it says, "But," and I love what the scripture says, "but." But all the children of Israel had light in their dwellings. Amen. Now, this is often referred to in the message as goan, and we could use that type of goan. What's beautiful here is it wasn't just relegated to a particular physical location in Egypt. It was related to the children of Israel. Do you catch that? Didn't just say there was light in Gan, but rather there was light wherever a child of Israel was gathered. Wherever their dwelling was, there was light. Amen. If you were a servant in in an Egyptian's house and you were a slave in Egyptian's house and maybe you were just right next door uh uh uh uh to Pharaoh and you were in that house, all the Egyptians sat in gross darkness, paralyzed by fear, unable to move, but you had light in your dwelling. You could go about and maybe just uh dramatize it, maybe you could walk around the house to go make a bologn sandwich and there's your master just sitting there on the couch staring straight and you walk by like is there someone here? And you're walking by, hey, you know, why are you darkness world groping in darkness, a dark time, a chaotic time? But yet to the children of Israel, they had light in their dwellings. So just remember if if it seems really dark what I'm preaching you're you're you're perceptive because I'm preaching on darkness. If if it seems very negative and very gloomy and very chaotic it's because those are the very words that I'm using. But also remember this I'm this is not the message is not a negative message. The preaching of the gospel is neg never negative. It is always positive. We preach a positive gospel. Men of God today are not wielding a sword to cut you and to hurt you, to bring harm and to bring loss. But the sword is wielded for a positive benefit, a positive effect. We have a positive gospel. The best way to be against something is to be for something. And so I don't want to preach against a lie. I just want to preach truth. And so if we if it seems like we're emphasizing the darkness of Leodysa a little bit too much, just look at where I'm headed now. All the children of Israel had light. So there is light. Despite the darkness, there is light. And once again, the world is in a chaotic darkness. What we're living in right now is chaos, darkness, depravity, disease, a darkness so thick it can be felt, a fulfillment of Isaiah 60:2, darkness covering the earth, gross darkness, the people. in Revelations 17:es 1 and verse1 15 as we've already used chapter 16 to look at how the kingdom of this beast was full of darkness. Now it says in Revelation 17:1 and there came one of the seven angels which had the seven vials and talked with me saying unto me come hither I will show thee unto thee the judgment of the great that sitth upon many waters. Now, we've been uh you've been taught well uh from the message of the hour, your pastors, different ones, the men of God who've been teaching on these things for decades. We understand who the great is. We understand her position in scripture. But now it says, "She siteth upon many waters. She's placed in a position of rule and authority over many waters." Then in verse 15, it says, "And he said unto me, the waters which thou sawest where the sitth are peoples and multitudes and nations and tongues." So when the Bible tells us that the world has come that this is an age of darkness the world is full of darkness that darkness shall cover the earth and gross darkness the people then once again we could say that darkness is upon the face of the deep once again there's gross darkness upon the waters as waters represents people multitudes nations and tongues the world is once again overwhelmed with darkness overcome with distress it's it's bound down by confusion there is complete and total spiritual darkness in the world. There is no light in Leodysia. There is no light in the world today. We can't. In other words, you say, "Well, brother Aaron, I I'm trying to understand what your point is and without me maybe giving away which direction I'm going." You can't go to the world to get light. Brother Brandham writes this in the church age book. It's chapter nine where he's described in Leodysia. He says God says this church of the Leodysian age is wretched. The word comes from two Greek words which means endure in trial. It has nothing to do with the trials that come to a true Christian. For God describes a Christian in trial as blessed and his attitude one of joy. Whereas this description is phrased as wretched and miserable. That's instructive. Then as a child of God and I I'll just I'll admit this. It's maybe not good to be per too personal as a minister, but uh I I look back with regret as to how I've endured trials. I've generally tried to signal that I'm miserable in some way. But the Christian ought to endure it with an attitude of joy. That that this is what pleases God. How can I prove my love to him? by conducting myself with joy amidst the trials that he in his wisdom allows to come to pass. And over the last couple years, it dawned on me, I don't have to engage in a guessing game and trying to figure out which trial was in his wisdom. If you're going through it in his wisdom, he has allowed it to come to pass. I don't need to say, "Oh no, this is happening with my child. Oh no, this is happening with my job." Lord, is this in your wisdom? Is or is this out of your wisdom? Is this something else? No. If you're going through it, he has in his wisdom allowed it to come to pass. Therefore, there's only one option. If you try to keep it open that, well, maybe God didn't allow this in his wisdom. Maybe this is God allowing it in his own unwisdom. Then it gives yourself the option of to be sad and to be wretched and to be miserable, but rather every trial that you endure, God has allowed it in his wisdom. Therefore, you only have one option as to how to conduct yourself. I must conduct myself with joy in the midst of this trial. I will conduct myself with joy. Well, how can you do it? This is the wisdom of God. Amen. God must have something he's trying to accomplish. God must have something he's trying to bring out of me. God must have something bigger than just the picture I'm looking at. Therefore, I will have a joy set before me. Maybe it's not joyous for the moment. Maybe you're unable to find a joy in the difficulty. But do as Christ did for the joy which is set before me. God in his wisdom has allowed this to take place. Therefore, I'll conduct myself with joy even if it's set before me, even if it's future. So, this is instructive. We've got to conduct ourselves with joy, an attitude of joy. But now, the Bible's describing Leodysia as wretched, miserable, poor, blind, and naked. So, this cannot be an enduring or a toiling of of the righteous. He says, "How strange in this age of plenty, this age of progress, in this age of abundance, how can there be trials?" Well, now it is strange. But in this age of plenty and opportunity, when everyone has so much and there's so much more to be had, what with all the inventions to do our work and so many things to give us pleasure, suddenly you would not think this was written in ' 61 or ' 62. Right? If you apply that to the time we're living in now, it's even more astounding and more applicable and we we can all testify that. Yeah. I I I bought that as for convenience. I bought that to save time. And what did it do? It freed you up to get something else to take your time. Suddenly we find now with all these things to do or work and things to give us pleasure. Suddenly we find mental illness taking such a toll as to alarm the nation. We're more alarmed than ever when everybody ought to be happy with really nothing to be unhappy about. Millions are taking sedatives at night, pet pills in the morning. I would really love to go back and find out what the data was then because he's characterizing the age then. This is even more so now, exponentially more so. You have to take something to go to sleep at night. Something to pepp you up in the morning a and to get you through the day. He says rushing to doctors enter entering institutions and trying to drown out unknown fears by alcohol and you name it any other kind of stimulant. Yes, this age boasts of its tremendous stores of worldly goods. But the people are less happy than ever. Amen. And and and and scientists certainly the uh uh those in behavioral economics have determined this have shown these the heristics and the human behavior and the biases that they're subject to how that the more choices you have the less happy you are when you make a choice. If I just said what do you want roast beef or turkey? Whatever you got you'd be happy with. But if I gave you just a whole gamut of meats to choose from, you you choose, well, I I guess I'll have the turkey. And then you're like, I just don't know if I should have got the turkey. I should have got the vegan turkey. The the Impossible Duck. That's what I should have. I should have tried the Impossible Duck. And you wouldn't be happy. But if you only had two choices, you'd walk away saying, "This is Yeah, I'm happy with it." Right? So now we have so many choices. They actually have places that are dedicated just to tea. 32 different flavors of tea and and I think they're getting coffee shops now where all they're dedicated just to coffee and things like that. I know some of you thinking, "Really, Brother Aaron?" I just say to make a point, you just don't go in and ask for a pair of Levis's anymore. And they say, "What size?" They do you do you want it washed, unwashed, broken in, unbroken in, tapered, untapered? You know, you you got 80 different choices. You're like, "I just want a pair of jeans." This age boasts of its spiritual attainments, but the people are less sure of themselves than ever. This age boasts of better moral values, right? Think how moral everyone is, how ethical a how people's rights and we don't want to offend and we don't want to do this and we don't want to do that and and it's become completely chaotic. So they boast about better morals and it's more corrupt than any age since the flood. Talks about its knowledge and science, but it's fighting a losing battle in all fields. For the human mind and soul and spirit cannot comprehend or keep a breast with all the changes that have come upon the earth. In one generation, we've gone all the way from the horse and buggy age to the space age. And we are proud and boastful about it. But inside is a dark void cavern. Amen. Darkness, void, obscurity, without form. Notice how brother Bram is describing Leodysia with Genesis 1:2 terms. A void cavern that is crying out in torment. And without a known reason, men's hearts are failing for fear. And the world is so darkened that this age could well be called the age of neurotics. It's the only way to describe the way people are acting. It boasts but it cannot back it up. It cries peace and there is no peace. It cries it has a great amplitude of all things but it keeps burning with desire like an unsatisfied fire. There is no peace sayith my God to the wicked. They are miserable. Amen. This is the time that we're living in. This is the age that we exist within. Leodysia. The earth. Genesis 1:2. The earth was without form and void. Brother is saying it's a dark void cavern. Darkness upon the age. Gross darkness upon the people. It says and darkness was upon the face of the deep and the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. signifying that on in a time when the world returned to the very same condition, there's still a God that can move upon the darkness. There's still a God that can move upon people. And what began to happen in Genesis 1:2, God began to separate the mixed parts by his quickening power. And God was transforming the void. God was transforming the chaos. And God was transforming the confusion. And only God could take a void and bring something. Only God could take darkness and separate it and bring forth light. Only God could take something without without form and make it beautiful. Brother Bram says in God's power to transform. At the very beginning of the one he preached on September 11th, 1965, he says in Genesis chapter 1, this world was without form and it was void. Darkness was upon the earth, nothing but complete chaos. And when this world was in that condition, the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters and the entire picture was changed from a total chaos to a garden of Eden. God's still going to do it to this earth. God's still going to do it to this very earth, this very world. And one thing I've been studying in parallel to these things and I would love to be able to share it uh maybe soon is what Burbam in future home is showing that there's a parallel. What God does to the earth, he does to the individual. And here this entire picture is changed from a total chaos to a garden of Eden. This world is going to be brought back under possession again. This atmosphere is going to be purged. All the sin is going to be burned out of it. And the same God that can take the chaos of this world and turn it into an Eden is the same God that can move upon your life, your family, your home, whatever your situation may be, and bring a beautiful Eden. Amen. He said, "That's the transforming power of God that can take something that's nothing and make something wonderful out of it." There might be somebody sitting here today who has just recently confessed, "I'm just nothing. I'm just a nobody." Well, you're in a perfect condition for a God that can take something out of nothing. Can take something that's nothing and make something wonderful out of it. So, as the spirit of God began to move upon the face of the waters in verse three, Genesis chapter 1:3, we'll read to verse 5. And God said, now this is as he's moving, this is the the power of God, this transforming power. Now, there's a voice that speaks, let there be light. And there was light. And God saw the light that it was good. And God divided the light from the darkness and called the light day. And the darkness he called night, and the evening and the morning were the first day. Now, this is where I just want to review for a few moments some of the principles that we expressed last Sunday. Brother Bam goes to great lengths in the sermons he's preaching in shalom. There's a man here who can turn on the light. uh uh several services at the end of 63 and the beginning of 64 where he's showing that light came by the word and that without light nothing can live. So there's light and life are associated together. So you have to look at these three principles. There's word there's light and there's life. Where there's life it had to come by the word. Where there's life it had to come by the light. The light came by the word. These are ways even describe the word. The word is life. The word is light. So these are manifestations or expression. The word speaks and there's light and because there's light it brings the life out of the seed. And brother Brandon El goes to great uh lengths to explain that principle in great detail. And then the Bible characterizes the light as good. So it's not just light but the Bible says that the light was good. God saw the light and now God is actually characterizing his creation for the first time. There was without form and void and darkness. But now once the spirit of God begins to move upon something and his word goes forth and it manifests, God says that's good. So what's good? The manifestation of the word. That's good. That's what we think is good. That's what we enjoy. That's what we relate to is the manifestation of the word of God. And once it's revealed to you, that's the vindication. If anybody ever asks you for the vindication of the message, you could clarify. Are you asking for my personal personally what has vindicated the message to me? If they say yes, then you say, "It's my revelation of the word that is the vindication." And if you want vindication, you're going to have to ask God for revelation. Because the only thing I can give you is an education. If you want an education, I can give you one. But if you want a revelation, you're going to have to ask God for one. And your revelation is your vindication. You're tied to it. You're anchored to it. You can't be separated from it. And that's what we stand upon is revelation. And that's what we desire others to receive is a revelation. We don't offer legislation. We want revelation. Amen. So then there is this is characterized as good and then God immediately divides light from darkness. And what has he done in that very statement? God saw the light that was good. And as soon as he has good, he divides light from darkness because light is good. Darkness is bad. That's right. Darkness represents death. It represents all these uh uh you could use an alliteration to come all sorts of dwords to describe what death is and what darkness is and depravity and disease and depression. Brother Bam says in oneness, what is Satan? Anything contrary to the word. He doesn't have salvation. He doesn't have light. His kingdom is darkness and the end thereof is death. Darkness and death are Satan's kingdom. Remember what the Bible said the beast the kingdom of the beast was? It was full of darkness and what followed was pain. What followed was blasphemy. What followed was sores and a lack of repentance. That's what is in Satan's kingdom. So God is wanting us to realize at the very beginning he raises into view that there's light and there's darkness. The light is good and the darkness is bad. So then he repeats a similar image in Genesis 1 16 to18. Says and God made and again this is just kind of review of some things. It says God made two great lights. Now recognize there's two and they're both great. Says the greater light to rule the day and the lesser light to rule the night. He made the stars also. And God set them in the firmament of the heaven to give light upon the earth and to rule over the day and over the night and to divide the light from the darkness. And God saw that it was good. So again, whenever God is dividing light from darkness, there's a it's characterized as good because it's separating and distinguishing. And what we see in these two great lights, one to rule over the day, which is the sun, one to rule over the night, which is the moon. And brother Bam called that just like bride and bridegroom. So the the the the sun and the moon being positioned in the very beginning, God was once again foreshadowing that there are two great lights. You have groom and bride. Amen. And he set the sun to rule over the day. And that is called the greater light in the scripture. We know Christ is the son of God. He is that greater light. It's represented as the sun. And then the lesser light is the moon which represents the bride. But remember, she's still great. Amen. Amen. Because it's called two great lights. Amen. In Isaiah chapter 9:2, speaking about Christ, the people that walked in darkness have seen a great light. They that dwell in the land of the shadow of death. Upon them hath the light shined. And so John came testifying. He wasn't the light. He came testifying of the light. So this is great light had come to the people of Israel. Great light had sprung up to those who sat in the regions of darkness under the shadow of death. And this is Christ the son of God as this great light. But there was another light and that is the moon. Amen. And that moon is represented as the bride. Brother Bam says, "And speak to the rock in Genesis when God made the sun and made the moon." Now the moon is the wife of the sun. Now when the sun goes away, the moon reflects the light of the sun on the earth. So there's a representation. We realize that there's different ways that you can type things. Uh brother Adam even goes back and talks about how the Eve is a type of the of the of the foolish of the in this end time. There's different ways that you can type different things, but there's often this other side where says, "On one hand, she's filthy. On the other hand, she's pure." So, there's a woman can represent different things. We'll see that the moon can represent different things, but the moon is the wife to the sun. And what's beautiful when you go back and you look at how God with intent arranged it in the beginning, he used the sun, the greater light. And you might say, "Brother, this is just pure logic. This is just physics. The greater light to rule over the day." But then he had a characterization that he wanted to give the moon as the wife or or the bride. She is to rule over the night. So the bride's calling, the prophecy from the beginning is that she would be positioned to rule over darkness. That she would be positioned to rule over death. That she would not be chained. She would not be oppressed. She would not succumb to the darkness. But God in the beginning said, "I am one day." Before Satan had actually caused death to come, God hung a moon in the sky that said, "One day death is going to be defeated by her. One day darkness is going to be placed under her her feet." Even in Genesis 3:15 when he said and and he shall crush your head, he was thinking she cuz I hung her in the moon. I hung the moon in the sky to represent she will rule over darkness. She will rule over death. She will rule over everything that is bad and foul. Be made subject to her. So from the beginning, that's been her position. And then we read how in Isaiah 30 26. Now this is where you realize my only God could hide something like this. Says, "Moreover, the light of the moon shall be as the light of the sun." And then it says, "The light of the sun shall be sevenfold as the light of seven days." We've come up through seven church ages now. Now, now it's the full full radiance. It it's using a language that we can begin to understand. There's something being expressed. And it's not just the light of the moon reflecting the light of the sun to a lesser degree. Now, the Bible's actually saying the moon is going to be as the sun. Amen. And now it's not just the light of an age, but it's sevenfold. Why? Because it's a seven seals have been released from the book. Christ who's been bound by creeds and dogmas has been unloosed. So the light of the sun is sevenfold. Who are the seals? It is Christ. Who opened them? It is Christ. What does it reveal? It reveals Christ. So now the light of the moon, she's been loosed. She's been set free. She's no longer bound. She's no longer reflecting. Now she can shine in the radiance of her groom. In that day the Lord bindeth up the breach of his people, which is a capstone message, and health the stroke of their wound. That's defeating death. The wound was sin. The stroke is death. So this language that's being used, it's it's used to represent a dramatic shift in something. For someone to say the moon is out and it's shining with the same intensity as the sun immediately you should say that's never happened before right and you'd be like well how do you know it's just not the sun? It's a good question because it says the light of the moon shall be as the light of the sun. Isaiah is prophesying of a change, a new thing, a greater glory for the moon, an exaltation. Taking the moon, who at one time reflected at one time had a particular place, now God's wanting to exalt it to the highest place. Now God's wanting to restore it back to its original condition wherein there was a desire. Even if you look at the woman, she was made co-equal to Adam. She wasn't inferior. She wasn't superior. She was co-equal with him. What was it that God desired to have in the beginning? to have a bride of equality, to have a wife likened unto himself, not one inferior, not one superior, but one that would be just as he was. And now he says, the light of the moon who reflected the wife, who reflected the bride, she is as the son. She is him. That's right. It's an exaltation. It's a raising up. It's a climax of what's been raising since the birth of the church. So, with this now in in view and and I hope that you've been able to follow me through this, if we can look at the what Jesus says in Matthew 5 13-16, I I'd like to be able to um emphasize this through this parable or excuse me, not this parable through these words that he's expressing these principles. He says, "You are the salt of the earth, but the salt have lost its savor. Wherewith shall it be salted? It is then forth good for nothing but to be cast out and to be trotten under foot of men." So when he designates us or uses this characteristic as salt, we should understand primarily that we have a purpose, that we have a use, we have a utility. All of us do. So it doesn't mean if if you're not a deacon or a trustee, a song leader, a musician, if you don't have some kind of part in a local body that that you don't have a that you don't have a purpose. Now that could be further from the truth. Do you realize those who do not have a position realize that the positions were granted for you? Listen, the only reason I'm here is because of you. None of you are here for me. I'm here for you. There's no pretense on my part thinking, "Oh, isn't this wonderful? Everyone showed up for me and my family." No, I showed up in Phoenix for you. So, I realized that I was given an opportunity to preach because there's people who need the word and doesn't exist the other way around. So, not that you would want to get arrogant with it, but if there's a deacon, he exists for you. If there's a trustee, he exists for you. If there's a piano player, it's because there's people that need to sing. And so we don't it's not that we aspire to be in position so that we can have a purpose but those who are in the positions are for your purpose for your benefit to encourage you to inspire you because you have a purpose and church is for the has a purpose to encourage you to inspire you not that we would be able to have good church services so that but that you could have good Mondays to me that would be a better testimony better than you saying brother Aaron that was a great service I'd want to hear a text message on a Monday evening said, "I've had the best Monday I've had in years." That's a greater testimony. So, you have a purpose. You have a utility. You have a calling. And listen, we aren't getting out of here until you individually as housewives, as sons, daughters, students, whatever it might be till you find your purpose and your happiness in it. Amen. That's what's expressed in you are the salt of the earth. You have a purpose. And if you don't fulfill your purpose, then there's something that's lacking even to the world. So then he says, "Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on a hill cannot be hid." So now he's using ways to amplify how this light works. He says, "You are the light of the world." And he says, "A city set on a hill, you're going to see it. You can't hide that." You know, there's there there's just not a way of of deadening that light. You set a city on a hill, you can see it for miles. And then he says, "Neither do men light a candle." Again, he's amplifying, expounding upon what it would mean to be the light of the world. There's a city set on a hill that cannot be hid. Then there's a there's an obvious recognition of this city. Then he says to the the effect of a candle, you don't put a candle in a house and just hide it. He says, "But you put it on a candlestick. You position it. Doesn't go under a bushel. It goes on a candlestick so it can give light to all that are in the house. So, as long as it's on a candlestick in a house, it's for those who are in the house. So, there's a light for a house, there's a light for a room. Then he says there's a city on a hill, and obviously that's giving more light than just the candle that's in the room. Then he says, "Let your light so shine before men." In the same way that a city set on a hill shines, in the same way that a light is placed upon a candlestick to give light to a house, let your light so shine. Let it just reverberate in your spirits today. Let it just uh uh resound and just wash over you. Let your light so shine before men. Maybe maybe uh uh uh the downside to uh this little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine as we've relegated to the Sunday school room. We've let it become the kids choir song. But I believe every single one of us, youngest to oldest, should walk out of here today, say, "This little light of mine." And so, I'm going to let it shine. This little light of mine, and just sing it. I'm going to if you have to do this while you're singing it and hide it under a bushel. No, don't let Satan blow it out. What? That's my song. That's the bride's song. That's husband songs, wife song, grandpa song, grandma song. We all can sing that song. This little light of mine. Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works. It's light so it's good. And then they don't glorify you. They glorify your father which is in heaven. That's who we want the glory to go to. Now when Jesus expresses it this way, he has taken his word and expressed something beautiful that's going to unfold in the body of Christ. He says, "Ye are the light of the world." And then he gives these different characteristics. We could say that we individually have a light that we shine before men. But then he represents a candle in a house that would shine to a household and then a city that would shine to the world. So we can see that there's actually maybe three different ways that he's expressing this or using two different ways to inspire us to be the candles that we are. In Revelation 1:12, then we'll read the interpretation of verse 20. John says, "I turned to see the voice that spake with me and being turned I saw seven golden candlesticks." Now Jesus says, "You are the light of the world." and then says, "You don't take a candle." Man does not light a candle and put it under a bushel, but he puts it on a candlestick. God then would not light a candle and put it under a bushel. He puts it on a candlestick. So now we have seven golden candlesticks. And in verse 20, we get the interpretation of this symbol. And the seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches. So the light of the candle positioned in these seven golden candlesticks represents the church in each age. And we could show you by the unfolding of the church ages and the messenger and to where it was sent that there's an eastward to westward movement of the light. as the light shining from the east to the west. We see that the light of the church ages moved from east to west and and they're arranged as candlesticks. And this is God lighting a candle, placing a candlestick to give light to a house. So there was a light to an age and you'll find that these ages were characterized even by the region. Even if you look at at Paul and as these messengers unfold and we see Luther and Wesley, you see they're they're they're identified even with the region moving westwardly and and I would would like to I would have liked maybe to take more time on that, but I realize that these are things that you understand principles you understand. So now instead of laying the foundation and maybe even using visual aids to recognize those things, I want to recall again to you how brother Brandham had in the summer of 1964 and I always thought that would make a good ballad for the message the summer of 64 because there's so many profound there's just a dramatic shift now when brother Bram comes to the summer of 64 and the things he's preaching and all you need to do is listen to feast of the trumpets and realize okay something's happened and so brother Brandham has a vision vision and he uses the language he says the bride is going to come in view and we call it maybe the preview of the bride and the bride comes in view but then brother bam uses this language he show me each church as they have come up out of the ages and it was announced this way when he tells it in another place the the announcement the modern church will come into preview he says and here come the Asian church up so the bride's already come now he says the Asian church comes up I've never seen such a filthy bunch. Here come the other churches up of the different nations. They looked horrible. So, Brother Brandham, as he's describing this, he has the Asian church come up. And why was it the first one that come up? Because it was the first church age. And then as it moved from the east, the first church age there in in Asia, it moved west. Each nation represented an age. And brother Brandham identified this because when he saw MissUSA and he saw her, he said it was the worst. It was the most filthy. And then he mentions it later on that summer in the summer of 64. He mentions I didn't recognize it then, but that was Leodysia. So you have the first church come up from Asia, which represents the Ephesians church age. Then you have a secession of churches. Then MissUSA comes up moving from east to west. And now in the west again you have loud dea miss USA and brother says that was the most filthy god awful they were naked dancing to the beat of rock and roll. So then as you have the the preview now of of the church ages. What is it? You could see in each one of those ages there had to have been a candlestick. Seven church ages. Seven candlesticks. A preview of the bride. In each one of those ages, there would have been a message to that age to rebuke that church and to set that church straight. But then at the end of the less church age, we've read already revelations 3:17. In Revelations 3:20, he says, "Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come in to him and will s with him and he with me." Amen. So it's not a church thing. It's not a regional thing. It it is it is an individual thing. If any man hear my voice there there is not there there is not a church in the world today, no matter what beautiful names they come up with that can claim to be pure bride and only bride within the church. That's right. But you should never be able to tell by the way the pastor preaches. In other words, you really don't want the pastor always reminding you that there's three kinds of believers here today, and I'm really going to wear the unbeliever out today. And so, it's not it's not a church designation. You can't come up with a a real weighty, heavy, beautiful name of a church and somehow change everybody who attends the church and say, "Well, we're all bride. We're all bride. We're all bride." Because it's an individual thing. It it's it's such an individual thing that that ought to always be respected. That's right. It always it should always be watched out over should never be taken away. Don't ever let anyone take away from you the individual leadership of the Holy Spirit in your life. No matter how many quotes they wave in your face, no matter how many scriptures they want to use, never let the leadership of the Holy Spirit be taken out of your life. It's the most precious thing we have. It's what makes us Christians. They that are the sons of God are led by the spirit of God. If somebody tries to take that away from you, they're trying to turn you into bastard child. It's the worst thing that could be taken away from you. Never be deprived of the individual leadership of the Holy Spirit. But now he stands and if any man hear my voice, it's not let him hear what he saith unto the churches. If any man hear my voice and open the door, you got to hear the voice, not just the knocking. That's right. I will come into him and s with him and he with me. At that day you shall know that I and you and you and me. Amen. At that day when the revelation is made known. That's right. Now the reason why this scripture I take that back. I won't say the reason why. I'm not going to pretend to know all the reasons why the scriptures are where they are. But the scripture is describing the condition of Leodysia. It becomes like the final pronouncement and judgment on Leodysia. If it wasn't already apparent to us that something was really wrong with Leodysia when the spirit didn't give any compliments to it, Right. Because every other age's got a compliment. He gets to lay out the sin and God's like, "You're just going to get rebuked." That's right. It's almost as if he hid the mystery of the compliment. He hid the most beautiful thing. I'll just reveal to her my thoughts. I can't write it now because it's in the back part of my mind. My favor to her, my compliments to her will be given personally to her. Now notice how brother Brandon begins to describe this leodian church age. He says the seventh church age all smothered out with Christ on the outside. That's in the message shalom January 12th in the winter of 64. Then brother Bam says two weeks later and turn on the light January 25th he goes remember that's Jack's birthday he says remember this is the seventh church age the leodyian church age according to revelations 3 they reject Christ said he's a fugitive in his own church get get the image now Christ is no longer in the church the church that we've read about Revelations chapter 2 Revelations chapter 3 you get to chapter verse 20 And now Christ is no longer in the midst of the church. He's on the outside of the church. That this is so profound. This is so staggering. This is such a tremendous revelation that brother says, "You won't find him in there anymore." They reject Christ. Of every church age that was mentioned in the Bible, the Leodysian age was the worst of them all. He calls it the most ridiculous church age. It turned him out, rejected him, put him on the outside. And then he says, "Did you see the moon blacked out the other night before the pope went to Rome?" from Rome to Jerusalem rather. He says, "Jerusalem, the oldest church. The moon is a type of the church always reflecting the light of the sun in the absence of the sun and it blacked out." Now, I'm going to continue reading some statements here. This is going back to Shalom, January 12th. We're taught in the New Testament, he says, 'D don't fail to get this. And this is where you see brother Brandham's wanting to show this other type of the moon in the New Testament that we're not of this city Jerusalem on earth, but we are from New Jerusalem above. So this must be the moon Jerusalem, not the new Jerusalem above. So this moon, now we catch this, this moon. So the moon represents the church earthly. And isn't it strange that just before the pope took his journey to Jerusalem that the moon in the heavens was made a total blackout just a few days before he took his journey. Then he says, "What does it show?" And he's talking about how it's fellow how they're coming together. This economical economical movement. He says, "And what does that reflect? Fellowship. They're wanting Protestant and Cathol Catholicism joining together." When they're doing that and what will completely do, God. Notice who did it. God reflected this to us in the moon of a total blackout. So now catch he's saying it's a total blackout of the church. Did any of you see the paper where they took the pictures of the moon? I have it here. And so this is where it's it's from the Tucson Daily Citizen. And I believe this is the very paper that Brother Bram's referring to. He said, "Did you see the paper took the pictures of the moon?" I have it here. If it ain't a perfect image, leaving out the seventh age, now follow this because I want to read a couple more statements. He says, "Leaving out the seventh age, which is not yet exactly the way I draw by the Holy Spirit, the church ages." So when brother Brandham drew it out himself, there was a a seventh phase with a little sliver of light. Correct? Then he said the Holy Spirit drew it out supernaturally on the wall at the back of the tabernacle. Now he's saying God has put it in the heavens. He said, 'But there's only six frames that were published. But then he go he makes this statement. He goes to these links to emphasize this. The moon represents the church. Then he amplifies. I'll skip a little bit. The shadow of the world crosses the moon. So now he's telling us what this eclipse means. The shadow of worldlyism, the shadow of worldliness, worldly church has swept across to black out the entire light of the Bible. The world got in the light of the reflection. The world crossed in the light of the moon and blinded out the sun and the reflection of the moon that's supposed to be living light to the giving light to the earth it was blacked out. The very next week he says this in the message shalom January 19th he says this about what was represented in the heavens that he himself he came down himself and made his vindication of it as the moon and the light going out going out and to this ledian age going into total darkness again. And here he comes down and vindicates it on the moon just at the time that all the churches are going together in a consolidation of the Federation of Churches. Now I I'll skip some and listen to how he starts using the language like this. God is a jealous God. He's jealous and he wants his wife pure. Now while he's talking about a blackout of the moon which should have been a wife, he starts talking about God's wife. He wants her a virgin chasteed. nothing in the world into her at all. Altogether his word, part of him. We must be a part of the word, not a part of the creed, a part of the word. Not part of the church, a part of the bride. So he says the church is condemned. We know that she goes to outer darkness, but the bride goes up. So while the moon's being blacked out, the bride's got to be going up. So that was paragraph 41. Paragraph 46. Blackness blacked out. The world got in line with the reflection of the sun to the moon and it blacked out. It blacked out what? The church, not the wife. Amen. That's exactly what happened in the natural in the spiritual. It happened in the natural foreshadowed and told us that exactly what's taking place. Now, you see how that comes out at the end. He says, "Many of you young people, you won't have to get too old until you'll see it anyhow. If you live three or four more years, the moon now we're in the Leodysian church age. In the Leodysian church age of all other churches, the Leodysia last lukewarm church age, Christ was on the outside of the church. Any Bible reader knows that. Revelations 3, he's on the outside of the church trying to get his way back in again and never did say he got in. That's right. So, we don't have this hope that he somehow gets back in. He's left that. That's right. So, Brother Bram's bringing us to a distinct the the Well, boy, this is a mouthful. So, the restoration isn't trying to get Christ back in the church. That's right. But a bride out of it. Amen. Not trying to get us to go back in and worship under something under the ages, worship a truth from another age, because he's not trying to get us back into that mode or that same, but he's trying to bring us out further. Amen. He says he was on the outside and he never did say he got in, but as many as I he loved, he rebuked and chasened. The message would rebuke and chasen those he loved. Now was knocking trying to get in. Darkness shut it off. Exactly what's come to pass. The light that has been shining soon will absolutely be shut completely out. That's January 19th, 1964. And remember that that beautiful ballad, the summer of 64. Catch how this goes forward now. Because brother Bram's looking at this. He's just preached at the end of 63. We now know what the third pull is and what it does. It's fully identified, fully vindicated. From then on, look away to Jesus. He tells to look away from every thing else. Look to Jesus. Now, keep your eyes on him. It's the third pull. Amen. Thoroughly identified, thoroughly vindicated. He says, "I'm sure you know what it is." And everybody's like, "Yeah, sure, brother Brandham. Yeah, we we know exactly what it is." But then now we realize Brother Brandham's recognizing there's a man here who can turn on the light. Yes. And so, Brother Brandham is is seeing the the setting of the sun in one sense, but it is the rising of the sun in another. So, he's using this language of the seventh church age, it's if that ain't a perfect image of those of those what was in the newspaper. He's saying if that ain't a perfect image, these these six panels, he goes leaving out the seventh church age because in his mind he thought there'd be a seventh panel that they left out because the seventh church age isn't over yet. So he says the light that's been shining will soon absolutely be shut out completely. Now watch the transition unfold in recognizing your day and its message. July 26, 1964, he says, "I don't know. I didn't know there'd be a mysterious blackout in the moon to represent this Leodysian church age. So now he's realizing there's not a seventh panel. The seventh panel was the total eclipse. So the reason why there was only six phases is the seventh would have looked just like this. And he's identifying this now. He says, "I didn't know there was going to be a mysterious blackout on the moon to represent this leotardian age." Now on the papers you only get six pages. It's because the Lord is in church age was blacked out completely. So now he's saying it's been shut out completely. That's why he goes to shreport he's saying flee for your lives. Run for your lives. The very live tabernacle. That's why his message anymore is you can't remain as you are. You can't stay in Pentecost. This has gone further up the road. My message isn't to restore us back to these things that are Pentecostal. is to take these things into the promised land. He says because the Leodysian church was blacked out completely. And if you notice the spiritual application as God said it in the heaven when I said it here on earth I left a little bitty space just a tiny little bit of light. That was just before the very elected was to be called from the earth. This is brother Brandham's thought process. And if if you feel there's any weakness in identifying this as brother as brother Brandham's thought process, I'd refer to you to Jesus in the garden offering his thought process. Let this cup pass. Nevertheless, let thy will be done. And so now, brother Brandham is just being vulnerable saying, you know, I wrote it because I was thinking that there would be a representation of light before the elect are called from the earth. The reason I placed it on there for the seventh age, I put it there to represent the elect at the end of the age. But when God put it in the heavens, it was totally blacked out. And then he now still holding to what he thought, he said it means maybe the last one is called from that leosene age. We don't know. There could be a sermon on it. And he preaches it. You mean there could be a sermon on Burban? Just preaches it. That's what the message is. You can say there could be a message on it. And brother Ben, even in recognizing your day and its message is bringing us to this very thought that what I thought would be a sliver of light in Leodysia, it doesn't exist within Leodysia. But she's raptured spiritually resurrected out of dark denominationalism. What a resurrection that was. What a resurrection this is. When you heard from your theophony, when you heard the eagle scream, he called you out of the barnyard. Listen, the barnyard still exists cuz we can still hear the chickens, but there's more eagles to get out of there. We want them to be quickened from the barnyard. He put in the heavens. It was totally blacked out. He says, "Maybe the last one is called from that Leodysian age." He said, "There could be a sermon on it." But how are you called then? You are you staying with me? Oh my goodness gracious. Well, maybe it just be me and you. I'll just turn this thing around and we'll preach to brother John. Remember Revelations 3:20. Christ is no longer in the church. That's why the church is blacked out. That's why there's total darkness. It had to be. Amen. Otherwise, we couldn't have Revelations 3:20. So then with this church in this condition, notice how beautifully this unfolds because brother Brandham identified himself as the voice of Revelations 18:4. I heard another voice from heaven after it describes and I've run out of time so I can't read the first three verses. Mystery Babylon. She's become the cage of everything filthy and foul and vulgar. So then there's another voice from heaven saying, "Come out of her, my people." What? Come out of the church systems. Come out of Leosa. come out of her mystery Babylon, my people, that you be not partakers of her sins, and that you receive not of her plagues, that you receive not of her, that you partake not of her ignorance, cuz ignorance is no more an excuse because the full word has been opened up. Now, the spirit of truth directs us to the word. Don't stay in ignorance. Don't stay in a glare. Don't stay in what glitters, but come into the gospel. Come out of her, my people, that you not be a partaker of unbelief, because if you do, you'll receive of her plagues. So there's a voice that calls the bride out of the fallen cursed Leodysia. This is separating light from darkness. Once again, there's a voice that says, "Let there be light and there was light." And God separates the light from the darkness. We read it last time. God is doing it the same as he did in the beginning. God separating light from darkness. It's Revelations 18:4. Come out of her, my people. Amen. So if you don't have a revelation of what brother Brandham meant when he said the church goes up in Revelations 4 and you don't see again to Revelations 19. If you don't have a revelation of it, then you can never hear the voice of Revelations 18:4. Because if you go in Revelations 4 and don't come back to 19, you never hear the voice of 18. And that's the reason why some are still right where they are. That's right. They've never heard the voice of Revelation 18:4. They're still doing it by church system. They're doing it by legislation. They're doing it by car charisma, sensation. All they need to do is hear the voice. Amen. And they will. Amen. So then notice this then. If we look at Revelations chapter 3, I love I love how the bride can sit hour after hour drinking in these things. I meant to tell you at the beginning, I'm just fishing this morning. Brother Bram said, "Time's not allotted to a man while he's fishing." And I know somebody's getting nervous. I don't mean to make you nervous. I'm I'll run out of notes here in a minute. We have Christ standing at the door knocking. If any man hear my voice and open the door, read Revelations 4:1. After this, I looked and behold, a door was opened in heaven. Yeah. So, we can't lose sight of the door that's being introduced in Revelations 3:20. Why? Because now an entrance has been ministered unto us. Not a door back into Leodysia. Behold, I stand at the door and knock. It's a door. Then the very next door that opens is a door in heaven. So John as a type of the believer, he doesn't remain in Leodysia. He has to go through this open door of Revelations 3:20. And he comes to this door that's opened in heaven. And the first voice which I heard were was as it were a trumpet talking with me, which said, "Come up hither." Amen. And I'll show thee things which must be hereafter. What is hereafter? That's the church ages in Revelations 2 and three. What's here? Oh, hallelujah. Revelations chapter 5. the ram coming to take the book. And the only way you can see that is to come up higher. If you're still in Revelations 3:19, you can't see it. But a door is opened in heaven and the voice says, "Come up higher and I'll show you the things which must be hereafter, the opening of the seven seals." And so the invitation of Revelations 18:4 and Revelations 4:1, it's what brings the bride to Revelations 19:7. So come out of her, my people, calling you out of Babylon. Answers to Revelations 3:20. If any man hear my voice, then a door is opened up into heaven. And then that separates the bride from Leodysia. separates the seed from the shuck. And that brings union time. That brings marriage time. Revelations 19:7, "Let us be glad and rejoice and give honor to him for the marriage of the lamb is come and his wife." Now there's another moon and his wife hath made herself ready. The sun and moon again, a new heavens. And what is it? It's in the midst of the darkness, in the midst of the confusion, in the midst of mystery Babylon, going into chaos. Come out of her, my people. Come up a little bit higher. And we enter into this union, into this presence. An entrance has been ministered unto us into a union with him. The marriage of the lamb has come. I'm not getting newagy. I didn't spend the weekend in Sedona, but there's a new moon. No longer just a dim reflection, but she's come to the same light as the son. Yes. Because his wife hath made herself ready. So then in the very next chapter, Revelations 21:2, in the very next chapter, I John saw the holy city, New Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven. And the revelation he immediately gets prepared as a bride adorned for her husband. Why? Brother Brandham said, "We're not from the Jerusalem of the earth. We're from the new Jerusalem above." So the moon that's blacked out is the earthly Jerusalem. But there must be a new Jerusalem. And there's got to be a representation. She has to be raised up. When the door is shut, I led to see her. When she's completely blacked out, when she's completely dark, there must be a rising. There must be a light that comes at the end. I, John, saw the new Jerusalem coming down from God out of heaven, prepared as a bride adorned for her husband. Then in verse 9, and there came unto one of me one of the seven angels, which had the seven vials full of the seven last plagues, and talking with me, saying, Come here, I'll show you the bride, the lamb's wife. the the wife of the son. Let me show her to you. So when he sees the city, he's struck with the revelation of a wife. Now he's being told he's going to see the wife. And he carried me away in the spirit to a great and high mountain and showed me that great city, the holy Jerusalem descending out of heaven from God, having the glory of God. The splendor, the brightness, the radiance, and her light was like a stone most precious, even like a jasper stone, clear as crystal. No shadow of turning, no darkness, no dimness. Her light was as the light of the sun glory. Hallelujah. It's the bride, the glory of the son of man. Expressing his character, expressing his life. John sees a holy city, a new Jerusalem. He thinks of the bride. He's going to be shown the bride. He sees the city. Why? Because the bride is the mystery revealed of the new Jerusalem. That's right. Brother Bam taught us when a man chooses a wife, he's telling you what his future home's going to be like. Exactly. So, we know what the future home's going to be like. And you know, you're a bride. You're his bride, right? The devil's trying to keep you from just accepting it. We know the new Jerusalem's perfect. We know it shines perfectly. We know it's made perfectly. We know there's no death. There's no sin. There's no weakness. There's no fault. That's what the new Jerusalem is. And we know that he chose you. Amen. And we know that you're his wife. So we've already seen the future home. So then we know we must reveal that. Why? Because in use the mystery of the future home. You are the first expression of the new Jerusalem. You're the first expression of its glory. You're the first expression of its holiness. We can accept that. So then, all right, fine. I'll accept it. But I'm longwinded. So then Matthew 5:14. Listen to this. We recognize in Matthew chapter 5 that the candle he when he refers to you are the light of the world that he placed seven candlesticks in seven church ages that lit up the house for each age. And those in that age as the light moved from the east to the west. You see where that light impacted them in those in those regions even to the point where God characterizes those age by the national garb of the people as the preview of the the the worldly the church ages went forward. But he said ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on a hill cannot be hidden. Hallelujah. We've had seven candles placed giving light through seven church ages. But my bride will not just be a candle in a house. She's going to be a city set on a hill. So in the last days, I will not just have a bride in Asia and just have a bride later in Europe, but I will have a bride from around the world with a voice that goes from the circuits of the entire heavens. a city set on a hill that lights up the world. So in the preview of the bride, brother Bam saw the bride. Then he saw a procession of churches representing the church ages. And he says they went off to the left. They went left because they weren't right. I think that's what brother George Martin from South Africa says. I found the way to heaven. First turn right, then stay straight and you won't be left. He says they went off to the left and disappeared in chaos. Can we see the chaos? But the bride came back. I'm just taking different statements now because she was she was alpha and omega. Okay, now he's using language that pertains to Christ. She is alpha. That's with the capital A. And omega. Amen. And he says instead of going down, they started going up. Wow. Revelations 3, the church ends in total blackout, but there's a knock on a door. And there's a revelations 4:1. Come up higher. As Leodysia goes into chaos, they says they started leaving. Hallelujah. We've already started leaving. Well, I'm believing, right? And if I'm believing, I'm going to be leaving. Abraham says in choosing of a bride, he picks this back up, coming up on the one side come the same bride that went around this way. Here come them little ladies again. Now notice how he begins to describe them. Each one of them was dressed in their national garb from where they came from. Now before he saw them individually, now he sees them as one group dressed in their national garb. He says like Switzerland, Germany, so forth. each one wearing that kind of garb all along hair just exactly like the one at the first. And here they come walking onward Christian soldiers marching as to war. And when they passed by the preview stand where we were standing just all at once, every eye went that way. And when they turned back and on they went marching and just as they started to going right up into the skies. This other one went right up to the brink of a hill and went down like that. Just think about that. Leodysa descending into chaos and darkness. The bride is ascending. These started marching right up into the sky. This is a masterpiece. The first time he tells it, that represented the bride coming out of all nations. A city set on a hill. That's how you're the light of the world. Not just the light to an age, light to a house. You are the light of the world. A city that is set on a hill cannot be hid. That bride represented coming out of all nations. She each one represented a nation as they march perfectly in line with the word. And I have to watch her. She'll get out of step with that word if I don't watch. When she's passing by, if she gets by, maybe it'll be in my time when I'm over, when I'm finished or whatever it is, they was getting back, trying their best and getting back. Just get in line because they was looking out somewhere else, watching about that church that just went into chaos. That's the reason why we get out of step is we've got our eyes on the chaotic church. We got our eyes on the chaotic age. Listen, lose all ties to Leodysia. Don't look at the church. That's how they got out of step. He says in feast of trumpets two weeks later and that little bride of every nation, each one of them dressed like their nation they come from just perfectly walking before the Lord. Why? You are the light of the world. You are the new Jerusalem, a city set on a hill that cannot be hid. You are raised up for this purpose. These started marching right up into the sky. And they met marching. I noticed a couple little girls in the back. Looked like they might get some kind of foreign girl like Sweden or Switzerland. And it's one place he says or Germany or somewhere. He never said America. It looked American though probably. Sweden or Switzerland or somewhere. They started to look around. I said, "Don't do that. Don't get out of that step. Don't look at what's going down. Don't look at the chaos. Don't look at the darkness. If I need to apologize for spending the first 30 minutes on the darkness, I will. Don't look at that. It's only to bring the contrast. Brother Abraham says there's a man here who could turn a light and he separated the light from the darkness and the light he called day and the darkness he called night. And God's word always separates light from darkness. It's the word that does the separating light from darkness. God ever does the same thing. When he gets ready to use anything like he got ready to use this world, he had to separate the light from the darkness. When he gets ready to use a group of people, he has to separate the light from the darkness. When he gets ready to use an individual, he separates the light from the darkness. Oh God, use me. Use me, Lord. Let this word once again separate light from darkness. Amen. I'm not worried about what I can call darkness out there, Lord. Any darkness in me, separate me from it. Light comes by God. The light comes by his spoken word. The word of God said, "Let there be light." When there was no light, he sent the light to separate the darkness from the night light. This word of command cleared the sky so the sun could shine in. And his word today is what clears back all the atmospheres of unbelief. I challenge you if you have a need today to just claim it. As this word is driven back complex, driven back fears, driven back memory, imagination, conscience, and reason. As it's driving it back, and you feel the rays of his sunlight bathe in your soul, just accept him now. Receive him in the light of his presence. Because the word of command cleared the sky so the sun could shine in the beginning. Right now, let it word. Let the word go forth as thus sayeth the Lord. Clouds, you roll back. Son, you shine. It's all right under this word that's been opened to us in this house. This is what the third pull is. The opening of the word. It's not a moment in time where you'll stand before a withered plant and speak to it. The third pull is the opening of the word. The third pull is Christ. Amen. Amen. It's a union and a position with him where we recognize I am a daughter of God. I am a son of God. I've been raised up for this. I've been hung in the heavens as a testimony that I will rule over darkness. Let the word shine and cast away. Clear back all the atmospheres of unbelief. The Bible says in Isaiah 60:es 1-3, "Arise, shine, for thy light has come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee. This is where verse two that we read in the beginning comes. For behold, the darkness shall cover the earth and gross darkness the people. That that's we see that plainly. This day this scriptur is fulfilled in our eyes. Amen. But what about arise shine for thy light is come right and the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee. says, "Gross darkness is on the people, but the Lord shall arise upon thee, and his glory shall be seen upon thee, and the Gentiles shall come to thy light, and the kings to the brightness of thy rising." It is the rising of the sun. In what? In the bride coming of Christ. In her is all his glory, is all his wisdom, is all his radiance. Oh, it is the brightness of his coming. And what does it do? It destroys the strength of Satan's kingdom. Cast down all lies. Cast downs all complexes. It casts down all def. There is no defeat in her. Hallelujah. If he's the alltime undefeated, undisputed undefeated champion, then so are you. Hallelujah. Brother Luke shared with me a song that I just shared and God inspired it to me here recently. There'll be no pain wasted. None of it. Every heartache, every sorrow, every loss, every restless night, there's not one pain that will be wasted. God uses all of it. Every tear, every agony, every hurt, every harm, every lie, every loss was pregnant with glory. and he will bring glory out of it. There'll be none wasted. And brother Luke shared a song with me. God's never lost a battle and he never will. It says, "And he never wasted a battle." Even when you thought you lost it, that was actually victory because God knows how to bring something out of nothing. Oh, hallelujah. Rise, shine, for thy light has come. Why don't we stand to our feet? Amen. Brother Brandham said the difference is just like it was in the beginning when there was gross darkness upon the earth and the spirit of God moved upon the face of the water and said let there be light and God separated the light from the darkness. He says, "And I believe that we are now living in that hour again that when God is separating light from darkness and he's pressing it to the other side of the world, that the light might be made manifest." The reason he's talking to the church, he says, "The reason I say shalom is because that it's God's peace." That's what I want to bring to you this morning for the New Year's. not looking back, but we're looking forward to the breaking of a new day. Now, he gets very specific. There's something great laying ahead of us where the years has been the joy that we've looked forward to the pressing coming of the great light. And now he uses this definitive language and now we can see it breaking over the horizon, the horizontal realm. It's breaking between mortal immortal and immortality. We see it breaking between heavens and earth. From an earthbound sickness and troubled world into a bright shining day of an immortal life and an immortal body and an immortal earth that shall never pass away. It's shalom unto the church. Now it's light coming for the believer. It's not up ahead now. It's here. Now light is come. Arise, shine. It is the rising of the sun. We don't have to wait for a joy that's coming. Joy has come in the morning. Oh, let us come and rejoice your heart. Let this be the joy in our spirits. Let this be the joy that we fellowship around. It's light time coming for the believers, but gross darkness for the people. Between mortal and immortality, between heavens and earth, earth bound sickness and troubled world and a bright shining day of immortal life and immortal body and an immortal earth. Oh, do you feel it? You're between two Edens. This that's just what's unfolded. From the very moment that God pronounced the curse upon the earth, it's been moving towards the kingdom for it to all to be restored again. And now we're living we're living in the most remarkable glorious time. And the reason why this age is as nasty and filthy as it is for God to prove just how glorious you are. That's the purpose of all of it. Let's bow our heads. Such a good son. I I I I want to express this to you now. Let him let him separate the darkness and let your light shine. I say it to you today. Let your light shine. Don't let anything stand in between. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it be expressed. Let it live out. Cuz God lit that fire for a purpose. And no reason breezes of hell can ever blow it out. I I I challenge No, I don't challenge. I I encourage you today if you've never received him to receive him. You see, I I don't even know where to begin. The light today has exposed darkness. If there's any sin in your lives, repent of it. Anything that's you've done wrong, any harm, just ask God to forgive you and say, "Lord, I'm coming home today with a repentant heart and say, Lord, breathe on me like you did this earth in the beginning. Lord, separate the darkness that is in me like you did in the beginning. Lord, let me be a light in that city on the hill. Let me take my place of this new Jerusalem that I could be a bearer of your righteousness. [Music] Lord, just say, Lord, I'm laying aside all unbelief. I'm laying aside my past and I'm coming not to a man, not to a church, not even to a physical altar. I there's not even an altar in this room, but to him I come to him tonight and I say, "Lord, I'm yours. I'm giving myself away to you." Do you know that song? I give myself away. Can you play in the key of G? I think. Let's just pray in our hearts. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, we're in awe of this word. And what's so beautiful when we stand in awe of you, there's a there's a message that comes back to us that says you're part of this very word that you stand in awe of. We're part of it. Lord, may we never think of ourselves anymore as orphans or outcasts. May we never think of ourselves as aliens. May we never have a worldly conception of adoption, Lord, to where somehow you've taken someone who's not your own and made them your own. We always were. And I I I rest in that, Lord. Lord, maybe it's hard for some of us to accept election and predestination because we've been placed on the basis of free moral agency. Father, may we have the same revelation that Adam had that he was able to choose, but he never had a choice that he was a son. That's right. He came forth as a son. These have come forth as your daughters and your sons. They had no choice in that. And Lord, I take my place as a son. And I yield my rights as a human to choose. And I say, "Let your light shine. Let it shine. Let your voice be heard, oh God. Let my hands be your hands. Let my ears be your ears. Let my eyes be your eyes, oh God. Let these feet be your feet. Let this body be your body. Let your light shine, oh God. Let the sun broadcast its rays to that soul left in Leodysia. I long Lord to see the manifestation of salvation in my family in my associates and wadeward ones. We believe Lord. We look at the fallen and we call them brother. We look at the weak and we call him sister. We humble ourselves as light to lift them up. And I pray for those who stood today with a longing in their heart to let their light shine. May the word of God break away any chain. Break away any barrier. Break away any image, any wall, any veil. May it be torn down right now. Let your wife shine. Lord, we commit the people to you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
