################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2021-01-31 - The End of The Beginning Now It's Complicated Pt. 1 - Aaron McGeary.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2021-01-31
Title:   The End of The Beginning: Now It's Complicated Pt. 1
Speaker: Aaron McGeary
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuLf8MMnV3s
========================================

Description:
The End of The Beginning: Now It's Complicated Pt. 1
Bro. Aaron McGeary
Sunday Service: January 31,  2021
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
guards. 2 Corinthians chapter 11:es 1 to4 says, "Would to God you could bear with me a little in my folly and indeed bear with me for I am jealous over you with godly jealousy jealousy for I have espoused you to one husband that I may present you as a chasteed virgin to Christ." It's very uh weighty words that Paul is using. uh you've been uh committed to, promised to your a husband, which is Christ. And he uses the image of a chased virgin being presented to her bridegroom. He says, "But I fear lest by any means as the serpent begal Eve through his subtlety, so your mind should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ. For if he that cometh preacheth another Jesus whom we have not preached, or if you receive another spirit which you have not received, or another gospel which you have not accepted, you might well bear with him. Amen. You may be seated. I want to title this the end of the beginning. And uh part of that title or subtitle you could call is now it's complicated. And um I think I think what we're ministering on today will be a relatable for all of us. But we've been ministering on in the beginning. We started that in July and then we just were walking through that subject. In the beginning, God created and we were in the last several services looking how that God the climax of that we read in Genesis chapter 2 on how that God brought forth a family, a man and a woman. In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth. that even foreshadowed uh a husband and wife. We know in spiritual type and ultimate fulfillment, not just spiritual type, but even in the full type that represents Christ and his bride and the eighth day and the eternity that we'll be living in. And I feel in my heart that we have we're transitioning for a little bit to a different subject. And Wednesday night, I there was just a a burden that was delivered, I think, to maybe seal off that thought of in the beginning, uh God created a family. And now I want to God's been dealing with my heart on a subject matter and I'd like to begin uh to open it up and just use this title the end of the beginning and then now it's complicated and when we've um we still have this burden to minister on the subject of family and we'll probably be going in that direction and as we've been ministering on it and looking into it uh myself personally and even I noticed in the things that God was uh burdening me with to minister the things that were ministered we kept bumping into the complexities of the time that we're now living in. And we can honestly say, and I think we could all agree, that nothing seems simple. That every situation we hear of and each scenario that um we find out people are in or the circumstances that they're in, uh things don't really seem as cut and dry as maybe we might initially think they should be in our minds. And everything is not just complex. And as we could say that in terms of the complexities of this life, the age that we're living in, everything's not just complex, but it's complicated. And I'm I'm going to make a difference. And you might say, well, that's just semantics, so they could be used interchangeably. Just to be able to uh make a point and do it succinctly. I want to I don't want to use them interchangeably. I want to say that things are things are complex, but they're not just complex, they're complicated. And in looking at that, I think that if things are simple, they're clear and they're understandable. Something's simple, maybe it's very it has some very basic components. It's relatable. And if something's complex, you can say, "Well, it requires special skill." But it doesn't necessarily mean it's complicated. And an example you might think of is if uh if you if you step into a cockpit and you look at a cockpit, to you, you say, "Well, that's very complicated." Uh uh or this is this is something that it doesn't make any sense to but to brother John or brother James who are captains, they would look at it and be like, "Oh, no. It makes sense. Everything's right where it needs to be. We're trained for this. It's not complicated, but it is a complex system. And so things can be simple and even being simple, they can be complex. And there's a difference between being complex which might have uh many different parts or interconnected parts or something that's very intricate and complicated. So if I say complex, I'm not saying complicated. I mean it just may have different layers to it, different components, different parts. And maybe it takes more understanding to to know it and and to be able to comprehend it. But if it's complicated, it's confusing. If it's complicated, it's difficult. If it's complicated, maybe things don't fit. If it's complicated, maybe these things don't belong together. And so, we're looking at how that we live in a complex time. And not only is it complex, but it's complicated. And this is my my burden. Through the word of God, we can find simplicity in the midst of a complex life. Just the complexities of life. It's through the word of God that we can find the simplicity. And it's only through the word of God that we could really understand or resolve or work through complications. And so that's uh that's kind of the basis that we're wanting to look at. It's only through the word of God that we can face things that seem very complex or things that we know are complicated and be able to navigate that. In Isaiah 33:6, it says, "And wisdom and knowledge shall be the stability of thy times and the strength of salvation. The fear of the Lord is his treasure." Just even that statement alone, the fear of the Lord is your storehouse. The fear of the Lord is your supply. All that pertains to life, all that pertains to health and happiness, the fear of the Lord is your storehouse for that. It's the very beginning. It's the very basis upon which we we start our days. It's the very basis upon which we serve God. We say, "The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. The fear of the Lord is my storehouse. It is my treasure. It's what's going to sustain me. It's going to be what leads me and guides me." And it says, "And wisdom and knowledge shall be the stability of thy times and strength of salvation." And so that wisdom is prudence. It's skill. It's to be shrewd. Could simply just say to be wise. To be wise shall be the stability of that times. And knowledge. It speaks of perception and dist discernment. Wisdom and knowledge shall be uh this discernment. The shrewdness, this prudent, the skill shall be the stability. That's your firmness, your steadfastness. Even your trust or your confidence. What's going to be your support? What are you going to rely on? Are you going to rely on the price of GameStop stock? All right. you know, are you going to are you going to be able to hold? Are you going to are you going to be able to just leave all your money in that? What are you relying in? What are you trusting in? What is it you're looking at as the benchmark for whether or not life is successful? What's your trust? And that's what it says, wisdom and knowledge shall be the support or trust of our times. And this means anytime shall be the stability of our times. Not just a particular time, maybe sometime in the future, but for your experiences, for your situation, for your circumstance. Wisdom and knowledge shall be the stability of thy times, of your season that you're in, the circumstance you're in, your experience, whatever you're experiencing, whatever your occasion might be. Wisdom and knowledge are the stability of that. And not only is it the stability of that times, but it's the strength of your salvation, the treasure or wealth speaks of something being stored up. You want to have something stored up. You want to have something laid up. the riches and treasures and wealth, something stored up of salvation, of your deliverance. Wisdom and knowledge is the storehouse for your deliverance. Wisdom and knowledge are the storehouse uh for your prosperity, for for your welfare. And this might seem something that I want to be able to put my hands on. I want to be able to look at it and look at a bank statement. I want to be able to look at provision. I want to see a car. I want to see a house. I want to see a job offer. And uh that that's not what's going to be your stability. Wisdom and knowledge can give you steadfastness, give you confidence, and give you support and nourishment in the absence of those things. You could actually look at a bank statement, be like, "Man, there's not much in there." You could look at a pink slip, you get de dismissed from your job, but wisdom and knowledge, I will give you uh something that will uh uh lead you and guide you and help you to navigate from that difficulty or that loss and come through on the other side and realize God has preserved you. God has taken care of you. And when you ponder the where we're living and and the age we're living in, we're living in a chaotic time, very confusing time. It's a time that's uncertain. There's always uh there's anymore now it seems to be that there's a a large movement that is uh believes that there's going to be uh rioting and there's going to be um you're not going to have any more coins in our pocket and you need to stockpile things and you need to prep for uh riots in the street and uh Russian tanks driving down uh down our city blocks and and and this is something that you think, oh well that just that just seems some kind of wild conspiracy theory, but it's starting to take root in millions of people's minds. uh these things can gain such traction through social media and especially the context that it comes in. You're just a you're just a stay-at-home mom and you're just a homeschool mom and all of a sudden somebody you really like starts saying, "Did you hear this and did you hear that?" And without any need to check it or verify, you go, "I can't believe that. That's absolutely insane. They're really going to do that. That's really going to happen." And then it just kind of starts spreading because it comes from a confident source. And people are people are are fearful of things coming and fearful of things happening. And I'm not saying that it's not going to happen. I'm just saying these things are gripping the nation and gripping the world. And it's a very uncertain time. And then even outside of maybe those realms of fearful things that might happen and suspicions of collapses and economic chaos or political chaos or a divided United States uh between a corporation and and a country or whatever the the theories might be. Uh even if you just took issues that we try to personally uh uh um uh handle in our individual lives, issues are so polarized where people are just entrenched on one side and others are entrenched on another side and they seem so polarized that when you hear of it, well some people believe this and some people believe that and you don't know anything about it. So you say, well, I'm well then what side should I be on? And you start looking at it and you realize people are polarized but this isn't cut and dry. People have built their camps and put their period on and built their walls, but you start looking at go, man, I don't I don't really know. I mean, both sides make a very good point. Where do you come down on this and how should we approach this? That's the kind of time that we're living in. Where there was a I'll say it this way. There was a time where maybe you didn't have to have an opinion and maybe you didn't have an opinion, but it's getting to the place where it's almost like you're going to be forced to give your opinion, right? Or you're going to be forced, well, you can't be on the sidelines. You got to say something. Which way? Which side do you stand on? Why is it you're not flying this flag? Or why is it you're not doing that? Why don't you have this avatar? Why aren't you doing this? Why aren't you doing? And there's going to be increased pressure on us whereas at one time you could just exist. But now it seems like it's becoming so wretched up the pressure, the uncertainty, the confusion that exists. And brother Brandham when he's writing about the Thoturan church age and he's saying I'll get it's using the scripture about I won't place upon you any more burden. Brother Brandham says each age had its pressures. And so he's not just looking at um that age, but now he says, for example, a great burden. And now he says burden. This is a singular burden. So that's very simple. One burden. It's a singular burden. But notice how complex it is because it has different parts. A great burden of the last age is the pressure of riches, soft living, and nervous tensions. So this is one burden. It's all kind of mixed in together. It has so much different ways that you could approach this. the pressure of riches, soft living, and nervous tensions. That's the burden of this age. I can give an amen to that. The pressures of of of possessions, the pressures of increase, the pressures of soft living, the pressure of nervous tensions, these are all things that characterize the age that we're living in. Now, this could be said about the church or the the the Leodysian church, the nominal church world, the professing church. But this characterizes the entire world. This characterizes the entire uh uh the entire cosmos and everyone that lives in every system and every political structure in all human beings upon the earth. These are things that are pressing in upon them. The pressure of riches, soft living and nervous tensions. And if that wasn't bad enough, he says in a complex age, right? So we have the pressure of riches. We have the pressure of soft living. We have nervous tensions. We have all these things that are a burden and a weight to us. And it's not just that we're navigating that in an age that's very simple, very straightforward, and an atmosphere that's very that's conducive to change and can enable us to to deal with these pressures. He says it's a complex age. He says that we seem unfitted to live in. We're not fit to live in this complex age. Man doesn't even seem like they're handling this very well, but yet this is the age that we live in. And so, how do we live under this burden of a complex age without it being complicated? How is it that we as Christians can look at all the issues that we face, the decisions that we have to make and then make h make those decisions fit within the context of making a living? Those decisions fit within the context of of social pressures and the context of family and extended family and all these pressures and all these things that we're trying to navigate. How do we make these decisions and not just get by, but actually have a full life and thrive? We want to navigate it. We want to be able to make our way through these decisions. We want to make the right decisions, but I don't want to just kind of escape on the other side, just kind of barely hanging on. I want to live a full life. I I want to be successful in a godly way. So, how do we go through these things and navigate these complexities as family, as husband, as wife, as children, as a family of God? How is it that we go forward and are able to live a life pleasing to the Lord in an age of so much pressure and complicated burdens and nervous tensions that exist that brother Van we've acknowledged you're not really fit to live in this complex age and I believe the answer is found in the ending of the beginning that as we've been looking at Genesis chapter 1 2 and 3 we can go right back to these very same chapters and look at the end of the beginning at the very time when humanity descended into confusion it descended descended into hardship and chaos. It's right at that juncture in that time where you can find the key to navigating the complexities of life. In Genesis chapter 2 25, we'll start here and just kind of make our way through the next several verses into chapter 3. in Genesis chapter 2 verse 25. So that was that's kind of my foundation on the how we've led to this point and and there's so there's this overlap and a blending in with the the series on the family and then and looking at this the end of the beginning now it's complicated. We're looking at how the the ending of the beginning here into Genesis chapter 3. So, Genesis chapter 2 verse 25 says, "And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed." So, here's the masterpiece family, Adam and the woman, dwelling in the garden. Every seed is bringing forth of its kind. Uh it nothing else could happen because God said it would be that way. They had perfect love, a perfect understanding of the love of God. They had perfect love for one another. And and these are all the ways that Brother Abraham described this beautiful Eden. And they were both naked, the man and his wife. That's the family. The man and his wife were both naked and they were not ashamed. It's a very simple statement yet it's very elegant and extremely deep. Uh it's multifaceted. There's so many different things that are contained in this. God's trying to convey an image or a picture by this verse. And so it's something that we could read and say the man and the woman were naked and they were not ashamed. It seems very simple but yet there's a lot of meaning to it. So it's complex. And this simple sentence is the only sentence we have to describe the existence of the man and the woman before the fall. If you want to if you want to read in the other passages, we see God is describing moments and instances and certain events and general commandments that he's given them. But in terms of describing them, you say, "Well, he placed the man in the garden to dress it and keep it." He's describing an instance. We can draw man's duties and obligations from that. He talks about how man was naming all the animals and all the creatures. We could draw an image of man living. But when God says, "It's all done. It's all finished." And he's trying to tell us what it looked like and what was happening. This is the only phrase he uses. This is the only glimpse that we have of the man and the woman in a perfect eating in a perfect garden. It says they were both naked and were not ashamed. Now, this description means something entirely different today. So, if you say somebody is naked, uh that would mean that it has a very distinct meaning to us. It mean they didn't have any clothes on. And the word naked is means bare. It actually comes from the root in the Hebrew uh to be per uh perceptive and to have some sort of awareness. But yet it means that they were bare. Now this definitely has a physical application because it wasn't that they even had need to be protected from elements or the sun and it wasn't cold so that they needed a sweater and it wasn't um hot so they needed uh they needed to cover their skin to avoid skin cancer. They they didn't have the need to cover the skin. They were covered with skin and they didn't have need of clothing. And there's a so there's an application that God is not describing them as of wearing physical material or natural material, but it's more descriptive of their spirits, more descriptive of their mindset and their emotions. They were naked and not ashamed. That means to be disconcerted or disappointed. They weren't uncomfortable. They were naked. And I really want you to enter into this because we uh we all know that we're living in a chaotic time, a confusing time. We know the world that we're living in and we're we're posing the question, how is it that I can live in such an uncertain, ungodly time where there's so much pressure and there's so many choices and there's so many things that we're trying to figure out and ways to go and what to do. Uh we're looking back at the beginning to see here's this beautiful Eden and then how it transforms. And in there, I believe we can get an answer. But I want you to ponder it right now. At the very end of Genesis chapter 2, the man and the woman are in the garden. They're living in perfect harmony, in perfect peace. There's no confusion that they're they're not waking up. They don't have that feeling where they woke up in the morning. Where am I? You know, what hotel am I in now? And you know, and there was no confusion. There was no disorientation. There was no stress. Neither woke up in the morning and thought to themselves, "Oh, I've got to get this done and I've got to get that done and I I wonder whether or not we're going to be able to do this and is there going to be enough time in the day." There was no stress involved with their labor. And the man and the woman, they there was not it wasn't they had to make a lot of choices throughout the day of in terms of wow, we got to do this and which one should we do and which way should we go and how should we handle this and how we should handle that. Those things just came naturally to them. And in that that lack of confusion and lack of stress, there was no anxiety for the things they lacked. You can say, "Well, they didn't have children." They didn't worry about it. They weren't trying to figure out, "I wonder if we're able to have children, and I wonder if we should have children, and if we have children, what should we name them?" Adam would be like, "You see who you're talking to? I'm the namer. I got this. This is what I do. I name things." It was there was there was no stress uh involved. And then the things that they may have lacked. You say, "Well, how did they lack?" Well, we know there was promises that needed to be fulfilled. But yet there was no anxiety for those things. And the Bible saying they were not ashamed. They didn't know what shame was. They were in this. And I want you to ponder this very deeply. Put kind of put yourselves in their shoes if you could. They were unconscious of evil. And not and since there was no sin and no consciousness of evil, there was nothing to hide from. There was nothing to worry about. There was nothing lurking around the corner to them. All was very innocent. Everything was friendly. The man and the woman could be walking through creation through the expanse of it. Not if we want to just say not just even in the garden, through the expanse of the creation and they could encounter any beast and it wouldn't be like, "Oh no, it's a lion." And they they they knew that this was something they there was a familiarity. There was nothing strange. There was nothing out of place. Everything was friendly. Everything was innocent. And despite how complex and beautiful and intricate God's creation was, it was simple. All things were honest. Everything was pure. They had they had an understanding of the nature of the plan of God. There was this continuity between them and the creator. There was continuity between them and the creation. They'd been set as those who would have dominion over it. And it wasn't like ruthless dictatorship. There was harmony and continuity. And everything was working together, perfectly harmonious between each other. The man and the woman working in harmony. They were in harmony with creation, the beautiful uh headship of God over them. They were in harmony with God. And I'm wanting you just to think more. You say, "Brother," and you just keep describing it a different ways. Well, I I want to kind of just paint this picture. You know how when you're you're setting up a new device, all you who went out and got the iPhone 12 and uh and and you want and it wants to set the facial recognition, what do you have to do? You have to keep kind of turning it different ways. I don't know if that's how it works on iPhone 12. I don't have one. Uh but I said one time somewhere that I I was enjoying my iPhone 14 and afterwards everyone's like, "Where did you get it? How did this happen? Is this something you can do in America? What's taking place here?" And so you you have to move it different ways to get the full image in order to unlock the phone. So if I if I say it just a little bit different, we're wanting to complete the picture. I want you to fully grasp and understand what's transpiring. Think about this. Enter into it. begin to ponder it because it's so easy just to read through it and you're just kind of you're just kind of skipping over it and you're not creating this image in your mind. You're not really entering into the fellowship of the state of existence that they would have been in in the garden. Nothing was out of place. There was no surprises. There was nothing that was sinful. There was nothing that was fallen. There was nothing that was defective. So there was no competition among the species. There was no competition among creation. There was no uh uh there was nothing that would would be defective or something that would be ugly or uncumbly. It was all in God's creation. It all had a part and it all had a purpose. The Bible's saying they were naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed. It was a just a very simple ignorance of the nature of evil. Like the innocence of childhood, a child doesn't feel any shame when they're naked. I say a child, let me moderate this, maybe a an infant, a very young toddler, right? They only develop a sense of shame because there's a certain age where like you put your clothes on and like, oh, well, this was good not too long ago and you laughed and you thought it was cute. You're like, let me get my camera, but now it's not cool anymore. All right, I just need to know that. And they develop a sense of shame because of our shock and horror when they stop abiding by, you know, the this is the now's the time to put pants on, honey. Uh, and so there's no there's no guilt or shame to kids even about their nakedness. Why? Everything's pure. Everything's innocent. It's amazing just how even as they grow, there's certain things that you can read in the Bible and you read it and you're like, you want to read a lot faster, but they don't they're just listening. Wow. And they want to ask a question. So, how did they get that back? And you're like, oh, good. They want to ask a question. and you just want to keep reading, but they're innocent. There's no guile. There's no evil. There's no association. There's no way for them to go that's in the Bible because that's the innocent of ch innocence of childhood. There's no sense of shame. There's no sense of guilt. There's no knowledge of evil. That doesn't mean there's not the instinct to do evil and instincts to lie. It talks about the consciousness. Their their minds they were naked and not ashamed. And on this innocence of childhood, Paul writes it this way in Romans chapter 16 verses 18 to 19. And in this it's uh it helps us to understand even how the man and the woman would have been. He says, "For they that are are such serve not our Lord Jesus Christ but their own belly, these ungodly defilers, and by good words and fair speeches deceive the hearts of the simple." Now Paul is actually using a language to describe how that people were being deceived by good words and fair speeches. And he says it's the hearts which is the thinking the the sincerity of the simple. It's the harmless. So here they're just harmless. They're unsuspecting. They're innocent. They don't think any evil. They're not really even aware of any evil. So they're not they're not on guard because they're going to be conned. They're very trusting. But people use good words and fair speeches and they deceive the heart of the simple because they're just trusting. They're not harmful themselves. So they just perceive you as not being harmful. They're very trusting and and and open. But then he says, "For your obedience has come abroad unto all men. I am glad therefore on your behalf, but yet I would have you wise unto that which is good and simple concerning evil." So now there's the hearts of the simp. The hearts of the simple were uh uh were deceived with good words and fair speeches. So he says, "Then I want you to be wise unto that which is good." The wisdom of that which is good. Your knowledge of that which is good is going to be a discernment to you. It's going to be a strength to you. I want to have this maturity and this growth of your knowledge and understanding. So that good words and fair speeches, you have a filter to be like, uh, that doesn't seem right. But then it's not just the matter of being wise under that which is good, but simple, pure, and innocent concerning that which is evil. pure and innocent without evil, not experiencing evil, not being uh coming into a knowledge of evil because of your discernment and your wisdom. I want you to be wise concerning that which is good because that you might be simple, not mixed, not joined to, not wrestling with, not having it swn into your spirits and in your minds and your thought process of any kind of evil. And that's exactly how the man and his wife were. They they didn't have thoughts of evil. They didn't they didn't have anything to where they're trying to to get over this and trying to figure that out and like I wonder what they meant by this and I wonder what this situation means and it was just they were pure. It was innocent. And the image of God that was upon the man and his wife was a robe of purity. They had a holy image. It was draped over them. It was a robe of innocence. It was a robe of righteousness. It was something that they bore in their person. And so the holy image of God clothed them. And with this holy image of God and this perfect connection with God, the only knowledge they had of evil was the knowledge given to them by the word. So you say, well, they were they completely and wholly ignorant of evil. No, they had a knowledge of evil, but their knowledge of evil was only informed by what God had said about it. In other words, whatever God said that apprised them of its existence or apprised them of its danger. And whatever his word said was enough. In other words, if God says, you know, don't eat that, it's poison. You go, hm, poison. Oh, God, you're right. Oh, that's nasty, right? And that's almost the way we relate to our children. Don't touch that. It's hot. They're like hot and they just want to do it. But Adam and the woman, they had this simplicity to them to where if God said something, they accepted it. They believed it. That was the knowledge that they had. That's the only channel through which they had received knowledge. And so the only way that they knew of evil was through what God had already said. Genesis chapter 2 16 and 17. And the Lord God commanded the man saying of every tree of the garden of that of the garden thou mayest freely eat. So it says every tree of the garden thou mayest freely eat. So now every tree and it supposes that even the tree of life would be um suggested in this. Every tree in the garden thou mayest freely eat. But verse 17, but of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it, for in the day that thou eatest thereof, thou shalt surely die. So in this perfect Eden, Genesis chapter 2 16 to1 17. So we're now now we're everything's being fully developed of the things that were created in those six days and we're getting very specific glimpses into the things that they would have been told and the things that they would have known. He's saying, "Look, you can eat of everything that's in the garden, but there's one thing you can't eat of." And it uses this language, the tree of knowledge of good and evil. Don't eat that because if you eat it, you'll die. And so, the knowledge and understanding that they had of good came from God. The knowledge that they had of evil was framed by God. They didn't have to know exactly what evil was. They just had to know not to partake of this tree of the knowledge of good and evil. That they could not partake of this mixed tree. don't don't eat of its fruit. Don't go in that direction. And that was enough to them. And so I and I think this is how I pondered and I began to think about it in the sense of he's telling them here of every tree you can eat and of the tree of knowledge of good and evil you can't eat of eat of. There was something represented in that that God is conveying and the language he's using that the tree of knowledge of good and evil, it represented something distressful. It represented something disagreeable. It represented something unhappy. But they didn't have to know what those emotions were. God just used a language and gave them understanding that what that is is something you don't want because if you eat it, you're going to die. And it represented something in congruent to them. It could have been that even as he described it to them, they were like, "Well, that doesn't even make sense, so we don't want it." A tree of knowledge of good and evil. What is evil? What does that even mean? And it wasn't that they had to probe and figure it out and and try, "Well, what does God mean by that?" I mean it's what they say that if you tell someone not to do something what do they do right like don't look at that right and everyone woo don't look now but there's someone where it's the way it works every time but because it's almost like the very prohibition the very rais but there wasn't that instinct in the man and the woman it was they were told of something and they held that in their hearts according to the word of God and so they only saw through the understanding that God had given them they didn't have another filter God didn't say, "Hey, listen. You can eat of every tree in the garden and then of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, if you eat it, you're going to die." Okay. Well, let me Google that. Let me just really see what what have they said about whether or not if you eat this, you're going to die. There wasn't somebody else you could ask. Well, what's your take on this? Every tree. What does every tree mean? What does the lexicon say? Does does Haley have this in his his book? And does this commentator what did what did Matthew Henry have to say about it? There was nothing else to filter it through. has the pope weighed in on this tree? It was just God, the understanding they gave him. There was no other filter. There was no other paradigm that there wasn't a saber metrics that existed in the garden. Well, what's the right decision? How should we do this? Or what are the market inefficiencies we can capitalize on? They were just living. No other filter, no other view, no other paradigm to try to make sense of the world that we're living in other than what God said. God said we could eat all these. He said not to eat that. That makes sense. we accept it. They didn't have to come up with some kind of structure or some kind of mode or way of thinking or some kind of overarching theme to be able to explain why they were existing in the world that they were existing and why they could eat these but they couldn't eat that one. God said it, they accepted it and that's what they live by. Man, it's just so powerful to think of it in that way. Brother Brandham says in the in the message, God's power to transform. And he makes this statement in a couple other places in this similar subject matter that he was ministering on. In the Garden of Eden was God's economy of innocence. It's a a wonderful phrase. God's economy of innocence. And that was one of the dispensations. The first dispensation was innocence. That's the beginning. In the beginning was innocence. In the beginning was purity. In the beginning was this uh this knowledge of the will of God and the word of God and this caution against evil. And that was enough. He said the first dispensation was innocence. The people knew no sin. They didn't know anything about sin. Both Adam and Eve were naked. He says now to amplify this, but they were hid from their naked nakedness by a spirit veil over their face. So there was something that in their knowledge and understanding. When we think of nakedness, we would cover up and we would think there was some kind of shame. And so I would almost say that brother Brandham's not saying that they didn't know they had they didn't have any clothes on. They weren't ignorant that they lack clothes. Clothes didn't mean anything to them. If someone were to say, "Well, why aren't you wearing a shirt?" He'd say, "Shirt? I haven't named that. What is that?" And so they were there was a veil that covered them. They didn't feel any lack. They didn't feel any need. They had a veil that spirit veil over their face that gave them a way of interacting with creation, interacting with their person, interacting with one another. Everything was pure and harmonious. A spirit veil over their face. They never knew that they were naked at all because they were hid for God's veil in their minds. He says they didn't know what was right and and what right and wrong was. And them both standing there naked showed that the knowledge had not yet come to them to see that they were naked. This is not something it would have it was a condition that didn't have meaning until later even. They had knowledge. They had wisdom. They had understanding. But it was innocent. It was very simple. It was very pure. And as we're trying to use these scriptures and these quote quotations to understand what life would have been like in that garden, the life they were living in Genesis 2:25. They're both naked, the man and his wife, and we're not ashamed. This is a life without shame. It's a life without guilt. It's a life without stress. It's a life without anxiety. It's a life that's just free. They would they would get up to do their work. And there was no knots in the stomach. There was no foroding. There was no I just feel like I I know I've got stuff to do, but I can't get I can't get up to do it. Well, this is important. You got to get this done. I don't know why I don't have that gear. I'm missing it in my mind. I can't figure this out. I don't understand what's going on. They didn't have any of that. In the beginning, life was simple. Male, female. That was it. Man and wife with what? the word to live by. It was there all in all. That was it. Life was simple. The will of God had been clearly expressed. It was perfectly understood. It was very straightforward. It wasn't complicated. They were living by the word that God had given them. And Genesis 1:28, as we've read it a number of times, he commanded them, blessed them, saying, "Be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth." Be. This is what you're to do. Be fruitful and multiply. This is what you're to do. Replenish the earth and subdue it. have dominion over the fish, over the foul, over every living thing that moveth upon the earth. This is what they were to do. Every day they would wake up and they would say, "This is our job. This is our duty. This is our calling. This is what we're living in." And you could look at this say, "This is complex." Yet to the man and the woman, they were very simple towards it. They were trying to figure out everything that it meant. Well, now Lord, what will it mean when it replenishes? What does it mean to subdue? They just were simple towards the commandment. This is what we must do. Then this is what we must do. The man and the wife. I want I want to put it this way. When you read Genesis 1:28, even as we could read Genesis 21:16-1 17 again, they were given two commandments in Genesis 1:28 and Genesis 21:16-1 17. Be fruitful, multiply, replenish, and subdue the earth. Have dominion, and don't and eat of every tree, but don't eat of this tree. That's it. That's very simple. There wasn't. You look at the Old Testament and the laws given to Israel. Just start comparing the two. This is the law that the man and the wife were under and they were naked and not ashamed. So what is it you're supposed to do every day? And so now you have, you know, Jethro is talking to Adam. So what did you guys have to do? Well, just had to be fruitful, multiply, plench the earth, subdue it, and and we could we could eat of every tree but not one tree. And he's going, "Wow, see my beard? I had to cut it this way." You notice how I'm not mixing linen with cotton. We had to have sinks for some dishes and sinks for another dish. You know, we could eat some things, but you had to ask, "How was it prepared?" And there was things that we couldn't. And it was it's Listen, start thinking about the life, the law that God gave Israel and the law that he gave Adam and the woman. Their life was simple, right? A very simple life. And all they had to do was believe it and obey it. That's what it came down to. There was nothing they had to figure out on their own. God said it. I believe it. It was in the word of God. They accepted it. They didn't have to fend for themselves. They didn't have to figure it out. All they had to do is just believe it and obey it. Now, again, it was obviously very complex. It was a vast creation. As you read in Genesis chapter 1 and Genesis chapter 2, God takes a creation which is very multifaceted with layers of complexity and relationships between and among different species and an evolution. A and a way that God did it. It's a vast creation with an orderly arrangement and from a single cell organism as it God moved up and up and up. You see the thought and the planning and how things were connected and related to one another to where God achieves man and man as himself is a very complex organism. You look at how man moves, you say, "Well, look, this seems to be a very simple movement and and the way man thinks and he's a singular entity and he's a singular man." But that man was comprised of body, spirit, and soul. And even in that that body, it's more than just one single unit. But all the the tendons and all the muscles and all the everything that works together to produce the movement of the body. You say to raise your hand seems very simple, but it's a complex process. Everything from the firing of the neuron neurons to triggering the very muscles and the instincts and the articulation of those tendons and those muscles to make the arm move. It's a very complex but it's a very simple motion. And so man was a complex organism. There was a lot of different species and a lot of different creatures and creations and there was a job to do. It was obviously complex but it wasn't complicated. It wasn't complicated to them. They didn't stress. And the woman looked over at Adam and what's wrong, honey? Just began to rub his back. He's like, "Subdue? What does it even mean? I don't even know what it means to subdue. There was no stress. How are we going to do it, Eve? Look at this this world. We don't have any children." And God said that we've got to fill it up. Look at how many animals there are. Look at how they're procreated. Look at all these things happening. And somehow we're going to do this. How is this even going to work? Never had that conversation. I mean, just think they didn't have to budget. They didn't get bills, right? They didn't compare paychecks. They weren't wondering, should I go to school? Should I not go to school? This was this was awesome, right? It was the life. What happened to the simple life? What did it become? There was perfect love. There was harmony. They had a single objective. Now, I'll just say this because I think it bears uh more attention and I don't want to just kind of gloss over it. Talk about a paradox. Everything was perfect, but yet still somehow a mistake was made. Now, instead of resolving the paradox, just be comforted by that, right? Instead of trying to figure out why that worked, just say, "You know what? If everything in God's perfect Eden, they still made a mistake, then I believe God can have grace for me. Look at Genesis 1:31. I want to read to uh Genesis chapter 2:3. There's a lot here that I'd like to save for just a separate service. Some of the the distinctions here we want to point out. But now after the sixth day, man is created. Everything um everything God is not going to create again. And he says, "And God saw everything that he had made and behold it was very good." So this is something he has not said yet. It was very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day. This is a phrase that is used for the fifth day. The evening and the morning were the fifth day. For the fourth day in verse 19, for the third day in verse 13, for the second day, and uh um it he keeps going through each one of these turns. And the evening and the morning were the first day, the second day, the third day, the fourth day. And he says, "Now the evening and the morning were the sixth day." Then chapter two. Now we could we could say that this arrangement of chapter and verse does not confine God or even the narrative, but we could just continue reading. Thus the heavens and the earth were finished and all the host of them. The end of the sixth day. All this is done. God is finished working. And on the seventh day God ended his work which he had made. And he rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And God blessed the seventh day and sanctified it because that in it he had rested from all his work which God created and made. Now you'll notice when you read about the seventh day, every other day had an evening and a morning and evening and the morning were that day. But now there's no evening and morning to the seventh day in Genesis 2. It's it's indicating that now God has entered into a particular dispensation. Brother B called it a dispensation of innocence. It's now it's not a season of labor for God. It's not a season of positionally placing a a and laying everything out and getting it ready and fit for the man and the woman. Now God is done and now it's it's going to signify a perpetual rest for God. God said, "I've done it. I've prepared everything. I've set everything in order. I've made it perfect. You don't have to figure everything out." And he places man and woman in. He says here, everything you need is already in this. There's nothing to figure out. There's nothing you need to try to uh um uh do on your own. Just believe God. Believe my word. Walk in my commandments and you'll walk the watch the seeds come forth. And he turned it over to them. He ceased from his work. And now it was man's turn. He given it to the man and the woman to fulfill to further the work to further the commission. And so now it's in that day and in that time that the man and the woman are living in. God is resting to his creation. It's perfect. Everything's in order. Everything is just exactly how he wanted it to be. Perfect love, harmony, a single objective, singleness of heart, singleness of motive, a and everything coming forth, bringing forth of its kind. And it's in that time, you could literally just look at it this way. And God rested from all his work which God had created and made. And then read verse 25. And they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed. That's the picture you get in the seventh day. That's the picture you get is man and the woman's been positionally placed living the simple life there in the Garden of Eden. But now, let's just skip to Genesis 3:7. And I want I want to skip because I want these two verses to stand in contrast to one another. Chapter 2 ends, they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed. naked without shame. But Genesis chapter 3:7, it says, "And the eyes of them both were opened." And so this this represents something completely different. Their eyes were opened and they knew that they were naked. This is completely different. Now, there's been a a tremendous change from how man and woman were in the garden. They both were naked and not ashamed, but now their eyes are open. And they knew that they were naked, and they sewed fig leaves together and made themselves aprons. If we say that your eyes are open today, if we were to use that phrasing and say, "Well, my eyes are opened." It would mean something different because opened eyes today would actually mean now I understand and now I get it or I was being deceived and you know I went into this deal and we were trying to work this thing out. But then all of a sudden my eyes got came open. I realized this is more than what we wanted. And we would use it to signify some understanding, some liberty or some deliverance. It would be a cause for joy. It would be a a development that would be positive. As even Paul says in Ephesians 1:18, and there's other scriptures we could use of uh your eyes being opened to see in a positive light. He said, "The eyes of your understanding being enlightened that you may know what is the hope of his calling and what the riches of the glory of his inheritance in the saints." This is how we think of opened eyes today with eyes wide open and and awake to see. It speaks of knowledge and wisdom and discernment to have your eyes open when you're on guard. You're not being lulled to sleep. and it would have a very positive connotation. But here when the eyes of man were opened, the opening of their eyes and the eyes of them were opened, it represented them being awakened to an evil they never knew before. This is a this is a different kind of alertness and awakening. You say, "Oh, and their eyes were open." The devil even presented, as we'll come to in a moment, in such a way to where that happening would be something like, "Yeah, woo, it worked." But this was a horrible moment to them because they never knew evil. They were innocent of it. Evil had never been mixed into their thoughts. They were told there was a tree that they should never eat of. So that formed the only basis that they needed to know about evil. You don't want it. But now when their eyes were open, they're awakened to something they never knew before. They felt a disorder in their spirit for the first time. And in this very moment, I know it's just a phrase, and they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed, but just think of how long we could spend describing what that meant. And now when it says, "And their eyes of them were opened and they knew that they were naked," we have this sense of just saying, well, they looked down and were like, "Uh, why don't we have clothes on?" It meant so much more than that. That that's not what's being conveyed that it was just simple like, "Is it breezy in here?" It was it was a horror because now they felt a disorder in their spirits like, "Wait a minute, what is this?" And they looked around at creation and everything looked different to them. Now, I mean, just imagine the horror now because now they realize that they've been be beguiled and that this beast, this serpent, this upright being that could talk, one that would have labored with him, one that they would have named and had this connection to. Oh, now what have you done? What is this? And then they begin to look at everything in creation. What's happening? This was perfect. I don't even know what this is. I'm so confused. What are these feelings? And they looked at creation different. They looked at the whole world. They look at the creatures differently. Now they're suspicious. Now they don't even know what these feelings are. And they looked at themselves differently. The happiness, the joy, the peace, the order, everything that they had was gone. And what comes rushing in? Misery and fear. Confusion was born. Shame was born. And then when we say confusion, we immediately relate, right? The feeling of being lost. We can immediately relate. Even if we want to talk in a spiritual sense, when we begin to hear about the Lord dealing with somebody's heart and they're and and they're and the Lord's bringing them out of certain things and we can relate like, "Oh, I remember what that's like, the wrestling. I remember overcoming this. I remember that." So, it says, "Oh, I just feel so confused." We immediately relate to what it's being confused. But they would have had a feeling and an emotion and they would have had no idea how to make sense of it. for people who suffer with anxiety, maybe melancholy or depression that that you'll have a feeling or a sense of something and you have no idea really even what it is and why you have it. You just begin to become aware of it because even the physiological pain it begins to have. And it's almost as if you have this feeling that you left the garage door open, the iron on, the crockpot on, and high, and the fireplace on, and everything at home is on, and you just left for vacation, and it's too late to turn back, and you've got no one that you could call, and you're like, "Did I leave the iron on? Is the garage door open? Did we turn the water off?" And and you all of a sudden just feel like this anxiety, this forboding, this fear, and and you don't even know why. You don't know why you're feeling. That's the state that this man and this woman immediately begin to feel. Their eyes were open. The opening of their eyes just brought this feeling emotionally. And it says, "And they knew they were naked. They instantly felt change." What did happen? The veil of God's glory was taken away. Under Now, this is this is and I I wanted to preface this earlier and I just forgot to mention it. I I'm doing this in order to lay a foundation if God would lead us to continue to speak about families and just how it's complicated in the time that we're living and the different things that we need to uh navigate through the decisions and the challenges that we face. I just wanted to kind of tell the story of this fall from this vantage point of the simple life becoming very complicated. And so I'm wanting to I'm going very slowly in these through these instances just to develop a a fuller relationship for us with the scripture. We can enter into the very things that are happening. We see the simple life of Genesis 2. Now we see where it gets complicated. We're looking at how things fell. Now we could relate to this very uniquely because the man and the woman, this had never been sensed or experienced before by creation. But it says, "And the eyes of them were both opened and they knew that they were naked." Now this is there's some unfolding of these events for the moment the woman be to listen the when the moment she be to act and the moment that she went and acted with Adam and so while they were under the temptation while they were under the deception and under the pull the temptation they were not fully conscious of the moment that God's glory left them what they say temptation is the night and guilt is the morning you know while you're under the temptation you're under There's that lust, there's this desire, and there's this feeling a and you're not even maybe there might be a smaller voice. Why are you this is crazy. What are you doing? But you're so overwhelmed with it. But then once that lust is satisfied, or once that feeling leaves, all of a sudden, oh my goodness, what have I done? And or or that was wrong. I shouldn't have done that. This is exactly what they felt for the first time. This is the very first moment that a human being ever experienced these emotions. While under the influence of temptation, in walking in this deception, this begilement and doing these acts, they were not conscious that in that moment the very veil of God had left them. But then afterwards, once they had been accomplished, they became conscious that God's power no longer covered them. Now after they had acted and after they had done the things that they had been beguiled to do and Adam did the things that he felt the uncction to do they realized there's no holy image anymore. This power this strength this understanding that we had before that we were not wearing we did not have hair like the beast did or we did not have this like others and here we didn't have scales but we just had this skin and and we existed and we were fine. And that wasn't naked to us. There was no shame. There's no guilt. But now all of a sudden they realized there's no holy image anymore. And they had lost the innocence. The ignorance of innocence. They had lost it. The ignorance of innocence that knew no shame in nakedness. Things were no longer simple. Things no longer made sense. In that very moment that this they became conscious that the veil had left them. It convoluted all their faculties of mind and body. Those channels were perfect. the all the senses of the body, all the senses of the mind in perfect harmony with the soul. But now all of a sudden that place from which God dealt with the man in his soul realm, that place that was tethered to this holy image that draped over them, now all of a sudden that holy image is gone and there's darkness that falls into the soul and all the channels of man become clogged and he doesn't even really know how to relate to God anymore. He doesn't even understand him. Can't can't have that fellowship with him. The spirit becomes clouded. judgment becomes confused. Why? Because that soul immediately is disconnected from the oneness it had with God. And now in this very passage, Genesis 3:7, man is naked and he knows it. Man is in a horrible sinful condition and he's fully aware of it. This is what happens when God's Eden is disturbed. This is what happens when God's order is disturbed. There's guilt. There's shame. There's acknowledgment that something's wrong. There's something we can take from this and learn from it. And let me just quickly express it that if we are desiring to be restored back to a garden of Eden condition, then we must step into the paradigm of the word of God and the channel the word of God that when you make a mistake and there's guilt, you apologize. You don't try to fix it yourself. You go to the atonement that God has for it. This is what happens immediately when the order is disturbed in God's Eden. But turn to Revelations 3 17 and 18. And look at how it looks in the pinnacle of Satan's Eden. Because thou sayest, I am riched and increase with goods and have need of nothing. And knowest not that thou art wretched and miserable and poor and blind and naked. What a contrast. What an absolute stunning contrast. completely antipotal to where one on one end men and women make this mistake and they're immediately conscious. We're naked. We've sinned. This is horrible. We must be covered. But at the end of Satan's Eden, they're miserable. They're wretched. They're poor. They're blind and naked. But they feel like they're rich. They feel like they're clothed. They feel like they have everything they need. They're blind. Naked and don't know it. Why? Now the lust veil holds. Now the veil of science and the veil of religion and the veil of education. It's so powerful upon the minds of the people at the end of Satan's Eden to where there's not this instinctive guilt when they lack. There's not this instinctive recognition that they need more from God. When they say something, when they do something, when they have a way of treating people or building religious systems or even denying God and falling headlong into science and the unknown, there's no part of them that checks them and says, "Hold on, wait a minute. This isn't right." And they experience this shame and this guilt. like, "Oh, this isn't this is in congruent with what's right. This is in congruent with truth. I feel disharmony. I feel disjuncted. I feel disconcerted. I feel dissatisfied. Something's wrong somewhere. How do we rectify this?" They don't have that in them. And instead of God saying, "Hey, since you're naked, go get some clothes. Since you can't see, go get some contacts." God has the solution. Once again, I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire that thou mayest be truly rich and white raignment that thou mayest be clothed. Can I just inject this? In other words, God doesn't trust those that are blind and naked to figure out what they need to see and be dressed that you they don't have the capacity to do it. And he says in white raignment thou mayest be closed and the shame of thy nakedness do not appear and anoint thine eyes with Isav that thou mayest see. This is the whole this is the whole picture of God that is now or this I want to do these two contrasting images. The man and the woman are in the garden. They're naked and they're not ashamed. Everything's great. Everything's wonderful. Everything's good. The moment that the they they're inspired with this lust. There comes this moment where all of a sudden now they awaken. Oh no, something's changed. Something's wrong. And then in the pinnacle of Satan's Eden under a lust veil, a science veil, an education veil, all the different ways that Brother Brandham describes it, they're blind. They're poor and don't know it. They're blind and naked don't know it. And so God says, "You need to be clothed. That just shame of thy nakedness." Do you notice the contrast in conditions? They were immediately shamed. The eyes of them were open and they knew that they were naked. They were shamed associated with their present state. And now in the end, God is saying, "Let's remedy that. Not just through ignorance, not through the simplicity that just doesn't want to know anymore and acts like nothing matters. That's the wrong kind of simple. There's definitely the wrong kind of simple to be on the wrong side of simple. But now on the other side of complexity, God is saying, I want you to be clothed that the shame of your ne nakedness do not appear that your eyes be anointed that you may see. Because when their eyes were opened and they knew that they were naked, Paul deals with this very instance as we read in our in our text. 2 Corinthians 11:es 1-4. I'm going to try to giddy up a little bit here. 2 Corinthians 11:es 1-4. Let me just we we let me skip to uh to verse three because he's saying that he wants to present them as a chasted virgin. The woman in the beginning would have been just that. the church in the beginning of the church being inaugurated it was a chased virgin. So now Paul desires that this happens but I fear less by any means as the serpent beguiled Eve through his subtlety. So this begilement this deception was through subtlety. He fears that so your mind should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ. And I want to take this image that he's saying. In other words, Satan begiled the woman away from the simplicity that was in the word of God. Begiled her from the simplicity of the garden of Eden, the simplicity of God's command, the simplicity of the life that God had established for the woman. And he says, I fear that as the serpent beguiled Eve through his subtlety, so our minds would be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ. And this is how he says it could happen. If he come cometh preaching another Jesus whom we have not preached or you receive another spirit which you have not received or another gospel which you have not accepted, you might well bear with him. Paul is making a direct connection and parallel to what happened in Genesis chapter 3. And when he says that your minds would be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ, there there's a the the language that is used there. I think this will help you to understand what is being meant. It's not the simplicity that is in Christ in that Christ is very very simple but he's speaking about us towards him. It's the simplicity that is to or towards Christ from the singleness of mind. The simplicity we have towards him. The state of our hearts to him. It means simplicity means unmixed or pure singleness of mind. The sincerity to the word that your minds would be corrupted from the singleness to the word. Your sincerity towards the word. He says that nothing would be added to it or taken from it. corrupted from the simplicity that we believe. This is Christ. This is his word. This is what he asked and I believe it. But then our minds get corrupted from it. How does he say it happens? Another Jesus, another spirit, another gospel. And what does that become? The complication of the word only. How is it you can believe in Jesus when the Jesus you've been taught is another one? How is it you could ever be comfortable with the spirit because the when the spirit you received is another one? How is it you could walk and and and satisfy and be successful in a gospel in the gospel you receive is another one. This is a complication of something that yes is complex but we must be simple towards it. Nothing added to it's Christ alone. So the sing the simplicity means singleness of mind. It's an undivided heart in terms of affections and and and and attitude for Christ the word in that seventh day as we looked at it. It was very simple for the man and the woman. The Bible says the man and his wife live by the word of God. Fulfill Genesis 1:28. Fulfill Genesis 2:16 to17. He gave him something to sustain the natural flesh and a caution to what would destroy it. And then they had a spiritual supernatural objective according to Genesis 1:28. A word to live by, fulfill his commands. And this was an act of trust to walk in it. It was an act of faith. only believing in God, only depending upon him, entirely depending upon him and his word. That was their only dependency. There was no other measures. There was no other contingencies. There was nothing else that they reached for. Man and woman were tasked with trusting God, believing God, being obedient to God. And Paul is saying that this is what I'm afraid of. The serpent took Eve and complicated it for her. brought her outside of that protection, outside of the very simple commands of God that were given to them, regardless of the layers of complexity, regardless of the things that had not yet been manifested, they just needed to stay behind that word and walk within that pattern of that word of God. And it was an act of faith for them to do it. Just trust God. Just believe them. But Genesis 3:es 1-6, now the serpent was more subtle than any beast of the field which the Lord God had made. as the serpent beguiled Eve through his subtlety. Now the scripture begins to introduce us to this enchantment. And he said unto the woman, "Yay, hath God said, you shall not eat of every tree of the garden?" Now remember before we said, "We got to be very mature about this." Satan was not tempting the woman to natural fruit. It's a conversation that was meant to bring up life. It was a conversation meant to steer her into error to corrupt the commandments of God. So he's trying to corrupt the woman's simplicity that she had towards the word, the singleness of mind she had, the trust and confidence. So just think of this. She's there. She has no reason to worry. She has no reason to doubt God. There's no mechanism within her to distrust him. He said it. She he she believes it. She's trusting to him. She has this simplicity towards the word of God. She has a simple approach to life every day. And she's like, "What am I doing?" I'm just living the word of God. We have a commandment. We have a life to live. Everything's provided for. There's no worries. There's no harm. Well, are you working? Yes, we work. But it's all in the soil. It's all there. Everything's just coming forth just beautifully. And naturally, Satan was trying to corrupt her from the things that were simple. And the woman said unto the serpent, now inspired by this conversation, and though I believe through the translations and everything and the way that it was inspired, it's conveying the reality of the conversation, if not the exact words that were used. We know there's symbolism that's being represented. She says, "We may eat of the fruit of the trees of the garden, but of the tree of but of the tree which is in the midst of the garden, God had said." So she has this she has a specific knowledge and knows exactly where to point to and makes the connection when he says you shall not eat of every tree of the garden. And she says oh we can eat of every tree but there's one in particular we can't. So it's she knows these things. She has this understanding and she says God has said you shall not eat of it neither shall you touch it lest ye die. And the serpent said unto the woman you shall not surely die. Now many Jewish writers actually write about this scenario this way that the woman said, "You shall not eat of it, neither shall you touch it." And that what the serpent did is he said, "You shall not die." And he pressed the woman up against the tree just to touch it. There was there was contact. This is what the Jewish writers write. I just think about this that he pushed her up against the tree and he said, "See, you haven't died." And in that moment, what did what begin to create maybe some kind of dissonance like wait a minute created some kind of misunderstanding some kind of confusion trying to teach it in such a way say oh you're going to die the very moment you do you're supposed to die look what happened you didn't immediately die and now he's planting seeds in her in her mind because she would have said well I never I never thought about what it meant to die I never thought that it would be in some kind of breath or some kind of moment she never tried to figure all that out but now what has he done he's painted the picture for her He's he's he's offered that paradigm for her to step into. And now when the contact is made, see, you didn't die. And then it just becomes so much more aggravated. And it's interesting that she adds, "Neither shall you touch it." Some suggest that this is where there was error that was born because it's absent in Genesis chapter 2, but I don't know that I would make too much of it right now to be distracted. But she says it, there could have been some interaction where the devil capitalized on that. And then this is where it really gets heavy. For God doth know that in the day you eat thereof, then your eyes shall be opened and you shall be as gods, knowing good and evil. Now, the lie was, "You shall not surely die." But there was more to the lie. It'd be one thing if this was all that was awakened to Eve. Be like, "Well, man, I thought the moment I touched it, I was going to die. I thought that was going to be when breath would expire and and I would disappear whatever that means the unknown or the this fear of death and he says and when this but now it's not just the matter that you won't die but it's something that God was hiding from her. God doth know that in the day you eat thereof your eyes shall be open you shall be as gods knowing good and evil. There was an assertion that there'd be no death but then a supposed greater knowledge that God was hiding from her. And the woman saw that the tree was good for food and that was pleasant to the eyes and a tree to be desired to make one wise. Where did that come from? God said if you eat it, you're going to die. But now she sees it completely different than what the word of God had said. God had framed her understanding of that tree in the beginning. Now through fair words and through enticement and begama. Now she's no longer viewing that in the way that God intended her to view it. She views it completely different through a paradigm introduced to her through Satan. Desire to make her own wise. She took of the fruit thereof and did eat and gave also unto her husband with her and he did eat. Where did that come from? The very fact that you would not die. That was so uncertain. That was so untrustworthy. This supposing that there would be a greater knowledge. You'll be as gods, knowing good and evil. Your eyes will be opened. This was so uncertain. There was no reason to trust it. She had begun to look through the wrong lens because she should have said, "Wait a minute. Who are you? Why should I believe you? Why should I trust you? Where are you getting that from? God hath said, God hath said. And you go to the temptation of Christ and the wilderness. And you notice that Jesus doesn't necessarily try to figure out everything Satan's thrown at him. But he goes back to what God had already said at his foundation. And Satan says, "Well, you shall surely die." Says, "But it is written." He said, "The day we eat it, we'll die." Well, why aren't you dying right now? I don't know, but his word's true. Amen. Doesn't say you can command stones to be raised up. says, "Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeded out of the mouth of God." That's kind of the climax to me when you think about it. It's like whatever paradigm, whatever view, whatever lens, whatever belief system, whatever modality to try to make sense of everything that's happening or some kind of prism that they want you to look through, you have to look at it this way. Oh, if you can see it from this standpoint, you can see it through this doctrine. If you can see it through my ministry, listen, just to come back to the word of God is what Jesus taught us to do. But Satan took advantage of her unsuspecting innocence to begile her away from what? Belief and obedience. That was it. He begiled her away from belief and obedience. The woman had been naked. That meant without shame. They both were, which was a symbol symbol of simplicity and innocence. They were ignorant of evil. All they knew was the word of God. And no matter how complex it was, it wasn't complicated. But Satan's lie corrupted everything. And in a moment, it complicated her perception. She lost the innocence. The very moment she considered the thought that Satan was positioning to her, that God did not have her best in mind in what he had already told her. that there was something nefarious on God's part. She the woman accepted that God's word had not already provided the best way. That moment of doubt is all that it took. But as we want to wrap this up and bring it to a close, what was ponder this, what was the transgression? Now we know the act. We know the truth of it. But in its most basic form, it was disobedience to the word that God had already expressed. It was disobedience to God's expressed word. And I would say understood. Brother says perfectly understood. She understood. When Satan asked, she had the answer. She brought it back to the word. But Satan complicated man's simple reliance on the word. What do you mean by reliance? What was simple? They just trusted it. Well, what if God's hiding from the some of you? Well, maybe he knows it's best. Well, how come you don't know how many it takes to replenish the earth? Because maybe he doesn't want me to know. It was don't create any distrust to God. Don't create any breach in your spirit or harmony towards the word of God. It was man simply relying upon the word of God, depending on God, surrendered to his word. That was the state and the condition that was breached in the beginning. The act that it produced is awful. It's filthy. It's ungodly. It's the original sin. But we can say with very clarity and very certainty, what Satan was able to do is begile the woman away from her trust in God. Begile the woman away from her confidence that God had her best in mind. Begile her away from the simple life. Satan asked the question. She had the answer. But it's like, well, there's more to it. And the eyes of them were both opened, and they knew that they were naked. and they sewed fig leaves together and made themselves aprons. Do you realize what has happened now? Their eyes of them are opened and they knew that they were naked. Satan's promise is fulfilled because Satan said, "God doth know that the day you eat, your eyes shall be opened." Satan's promise is fulfilled. Their eyes are open, but not to joy, not to happiness, not to a greater depth of joy. Like, I was happy yesterday, but now I'm happy. Now, this is real joy. This is real living. This is more perfect. this is awesome. It didn't awaken them to some kind of higher uh uh level of of harmony with everything. There wasn't a greater power that they awoke to. But now their awakening was a consciousness of sin. Now their awakening was immediately a conflict with God. They had never had conflict before. They lost the innocence that the nakedness symbolized. Now they're in disharmony with God. Their disharmony with fellowship. Now they're daring with one another. And in that very moment, it fulfilled the statement, "The day you eat, thou shalt surely die." How? That very moment they died a terrible spiritual death. All spiritual powers vanted. In that moment, they deeply felt a present death. Death had anchored in the soul. Darkness, blackness. There's just hardly any way that we could describe and you could understand just how awful that must have felt. You take a man who lives a life and he comes to a place where he has been so pressed out of measure and he's having such a difficult time in his life and something happens or maybe just through mental illness and things and they commit some kind of murder or some atrocity and they come back in their right mind. There's a way that they begin to artic relate to a just an accumulation of anxieties and fear, anger, jealousy, and there's a guilt and there's a shame and there's a horror that man has to deal with in his sins and his failures and his backslidings and even the awful acts that they can commit. But none of it will compare to that very moment that all perfection was breached and a soul felt death for the first time. We're born into this world with darkness in our soul. But this was a people who gen a man and a woman Genesis 2:25 walking in the garden living life everything's perfect but now they felt a deep presence of death but then impending death was feared now there's a forboding they know they're dead but they also know they're dying they know death is coming in verse nine of Genesis 3 and the Lord God called to Adam and said unto him where art thou and he said I heard thy voice in the garden and I was afraid because I was naked. Compare that to Genesis 2:25. Just do it in your minds real quick. Compared. Great. This is completely different. I I heard your voice and I was afraid because I was naked and I hid myself. Nothing's changed, Adam. Right? You were naked before and my presence came through my voice, but I I you never hid before. And he said, "Who told you? God now knows there's only one way you could be afraid. There's only one way shame could have entered it. There's only one way from this paradoxical mix and tree of good and evil. Who told thou that thou was naked? Hast thou eaten of the tree whereof I commanded thee that thou shouldest not eat? And the man said, now immediate, notice, notice the disharmony. Notice the brokenness. The woman thou gave me. She gave me of the tree and I did eat. She did it. Now you want to know why marriage is complicated or can be complicated? Look at it. Genesis chapter 3. He did it too. He should have known just as better. But now there never was blame before. Now there's blame. There never was guilt. There never was suspicion. There never was a breach of a promise. There was no no there wasn't a lack of trust. It was never this way. The voice of God was a comfort to them. The voice of God was confirmation. The voice of God was a source of inspiration. His presence was welcome and looked forward to. Even as brother Brandham would describe in the cool of the evening they would go walking in the garden of Eden. This is something that they would have looked forward to. This is something that they were a part of. It was who they were. It was something they rejoiced in. But man, now all of a sudden, he never knew fear. He never knew sin. He never knew what these feelings were like. And God knew only the tree of knowledge of good and evil could have done this. I want to try to close it with this line of thought. If confusion and complication came by the tree of knowledge of good and evil, how can it take it away? If everything we know today, whether it be a sickness, a malady, a a hurt or harm, whatever it might be, if it came from that, how can the perfecting of it come from it? The healing, the the the men, the the mending, the taking away disobedience, the broadening of the mind, the open up of her mind to a new knowledge, a science and education, a better way of thinking. That's what caused the fall. And therefore, the open of our minds and disobedience to the word can never bring fulfillment. can never bring happiness, can never bring joy, can never bring things back together that are broken. Just looking at the things here to wind this down, bring it to just a the close now in a few moments. Why is there chaos today? Why is there confusion today? Why are things so complicated? Why can't they be neat? The world itself is chaotic but even ourselves is cha we're chaotic. We wrestle with emotions and scars and complexes. We despair for answers in certain situations. We feel hopeless about certain things. And this is this is us as a person. And this person who's full of knots and inconsistencies and insecurities and past fears and shadows in our spirits. This is me. This is who I am. But now I exist within a world that's got no answers for it. that only triggers things and makes things worse and only clouds things and the whole world's in chaos. The whole world is having emotions and birth pains and knots and problems. Why is it this way? Why do we hurt one another? Why do we even have misunderstandings? Why is it we have communication failures? Why does it why do things seem so hard? Why can't it just be easy? Why why is nothing simple anymore? Even we just try to compare it to past decades. We think now why can it not be simple? Why is just even truth seem so elusive? It's a complex story. But the simple answer is the fall. Genesis 3 tells us the whole story. We have a fallen nature that has completely detached itself from faith in God. As a as a society, as a world, and as individuals detached from faith in God and reliance upon him, it complicates a complex life. And with complicated lives, it complicates our relationships. It leads to frustration. It leads to worry, leads to jealousy. It leads to fear. These all these things just came together with to me when I'm pondering relationships in a church and in a family. The complexities of it all. It's complex. It's not very simple. You can't just teach a few services on it and be like, "All right, you guys got it. Excellent. Perfect. We all know have good marriages and we have good relationships." No, it's complex. But it's not even just complex anymore. It's complicated. the relationships, the scars, the woundings, the battles that people face and all the frustrations. And let me just express this is maybe we'll just invite the musicians to come to hasten this this this close. There's no other paradigm. There's no other view. There's no other way that we can try to make sense of everything, whether it be in our hearts or in the world. And there's nothing that can bring clarity to our hearts or to our minds other than God's word. It's the only way that we can truly look at any issue and say, "What does God's word say about it?" Says, "Well, he doesn't say much." Well, then I'm not going to say much. Not going to tie myself to it. What does God say about this? Well, this is what the word says. Well, I'm going to take what God says. There's no other way to make sense. There's no other way to have peace. There's no other way to make your stand except through the word of God. Because we cannot fix our chaos. We cannot do it. We can't make sense of it. We can't try to rearrange the parts and make everything fit. Satan brought confusion. And Satan complicated the complexity of the simplicity of life. Satan did that. And trust me, you can't make sense of the complications. You have to come back to being simple to the word. And God will navigate you through the complexity. And oh, the simplicity that is on the other side of that. That's where to live. Right now, you may just think everything's complicated. Then just simply believe him. Simply trust him. Do what his word says. If his word says repent, repent. If it says to be baptized, be baptized. If the word says to do something, just do it. Trust him. Depend upon him. Take his word. Feed on his word. Have a greater appetite for the Bible. Have a greater appetite for the message of the hour. Feed on it. Feed on it. Pray. C. Search his heart. Search with your whole heart. Seek his face. Be simple to him. And then watch him just we bring you right into the complexities. And then you start making sense of it. Oh, well, now that we're in it, now I begin to see how these things fit. and you'll arrive back at simplicity again. And that's where we want to live. We want to we don't want to be the ones, well, it's just I don't want to understand. I don't want to know. I just want to figure it doesn't matter. This no no God take me now in my simplicity towards you. I believe you. I trust you now. God, I'm relying upon you to bring me through these complexities. What did Adam and Eve do? They sewed fig leaves together and made themselves aprons. It was their human response to the complexity. What did they just do? They complicated it. Nah, no, you don't need those. Could you imagine now the panic, the stress, and the utter chaos? I really, really want you to I would even love it if you gasped as you thought about the very moment that they both woke to the horror that they had destroyed everything that's perfect. You don't have to raise your hands, but have any of you ever dreamed you killed somebody? And in your dream, your life's over. Like, how do you know, brother Aaron? I've had this weird dream before. Might as well. I didn't do it alone. And my dad was with me. How's that, brother David? You have this dream and your life is over. I And I It was just the knowledge. I just had this sense of guilt and feeling that it had happened. I didn't actually get to, you know, do it in my dream. So, I I missed out on that part. But the feeling I felt in my sleep, your life's over. You be like, I'm going to I'm going to jail. I can't live with this guilt. What happened that that family and this and I remember the experiences, the feelings you have in your in your dreams. Even if you do something in your dream you know you're not supposed to do, you're so overwhelmed with guilt. You begin to articulate it in your subconscious. Everything's changed. Everything's ordered over. Your marriage is destroyed. Your life is upside down. Can you imagine multiply it by a Brazilian? That's how they felt. That's how they felt in that moment. That's how they felt in that instance. And as they felt this guilt and this shame and this panic and this stress and other chaos, it was a guilt stricken fear induced panic that caused them to reach for fig leaves and cover themselves. And that still resides within man. That in the knowledge of their shame and their guilt, they still want to reach for a solution themselves. When what we ought to do is in our brokenness, in our shame, say, "God, you fix me. Yes, I'm not good enough. I'm not able enough. I'm not smart enough. I'm not wise enough. I'm naked. I'm ashamed. God, fix me. God made it very, very simple in the beginning. And when he did so, he took the burden of complexity away from the man and the woman. But then this life which was simple yet complex was taken away from them. They had work. They had responsibility. They had a vast expanse full of life, things to fulfill. There was all these things that they had to do. It was complex, but it was simple. But the fall complicated complicated all of it. This advanced knowledge, this wisdom, this knowledge that Satan had given them, their eyes being open, what it brings, distress, sorrow, discomfort. In Genesis 3 16-19, let me just go through it very quickly. The woman was to bring forth children and even in that it could have it was complex. There's things we even now today we still even through the word of God aren't exactly sure how that would have happened. Brother Bam just says by mixing themselves together. So it would have they have been a complex process but what would they have done? Just trusted them. They could have partaken of the tree of life. it seems anytime they wanted to. There was something that they could have done. There was something that could have been brought to pass and it was just simple no matter how complex it was. But now it says, "I'm going to greatly multiply your sorrow and your conception and when you bring forth children, it's going to be in sorrow." She has to be told your desires to your husband and that he will rule over thee. It's complicated. Now I say complicated, now it's even more complex. But now things are different. It's comp. Now they're trying to relate to things. Adam who at one time would have had power over all the earth to eat anything that he would of. The ground is cursed and sorrow. He's going to eat of it. The field is gonna bring forth weeds and thistles and thorns and he can still eat but it's going to be in the sweat of his face that he's going to eat bread until what? Till you return into the ground. So now he's very conscious and as a daily reminder, I'm headed back to dust again. This is the reality that is born in Genesis chapter 3. Brother Brandham makes the statement, I believe, in marriage and divorce. And when he reads Genesis 3:15, he says, "Now that ends the beginning." Why? There's no way to make sense and reconcile the two. It's something completely different. Now, it's not even well, there was just kind of this blending. If there was any blending from the moment that Eve felt this down in her soul and then came under this anointing to not perceive that the image of God had left them. If there was any blending, we read it all in Genesis chapter 3 that God establishes this separation. And now man is thrust into a world and this is the world we know. The Genesis 3:16-19 world. That's the world we know. But the man and the woman entered into that world having left a perfect one. It's beautiful to think that we're going to leave an imperfect one, step right into a perfect one. I love the symmetry of God. And the concerns and the considerations that the man and the wife would now have to carry were more than they originally had to bear. And the reality is you're bearing them right now. That's the reality. Every single one of you bears in some manner some way the pain, the shame, the guilt, the pressures, and the weight that that man and woman must have felt. So Christ says in Matthew 11:es 28 to30, "Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavilen and I will give you rest." It's beautiful. He just takes all the chaos of Genesis 3 and he gives us a little bridge that we can take to come back to the beginning of Genesis chapter 2 where the man and the woman, the man and his wife were both naked and not ashamed. And what was God doing? He was resting and he says, "Why don't you just rest again?" He said, "Well, thy take come unto me who are burdened and heavy laden, come and I'll give you rest." And he says, "Take my yoke, the yoke that Adam and his wife had to bear." They had a yoke, but he said, "I'm meek and lowly in heart, and ye shall find rest unto your souls, for my yoke is easy, and my burden is light." But they had rest in their souls. They had harmony within their spirits. And I I believe he's still calling out to you today, wherever situation you're in. I to the most mature believer today, he's saying, "Come unto me. I'll give you rest." We're trying. We're we're we're far too divided anymore. We've diversified not only our our stock portfolio and our investment portfolio when it comes to finances, but it's almost as if we've diversified our entire lives. I've got this for finances. I got this for health. I've got this for nutrition. I've got this for for for fashion. And we're just divided among all these things instead of just coming right back at the foot of the Lord and saying there's one thing that's needful. I want to rest in you seeking first him. Come back to the simplicity towards Christ. You are my all and all. He says, "You that labor heavy laden, you that are bound with guilt and shame, all the wrestling, all the emotions." He says, "Come unto me. I will give you rest. Take my yoke. Yes, I have a yoke, but it's easy and it's light. And in that bearing that you'll find rest unto your souls. Only one refuge, Christ. Only one hope, Christ. Only one rest for soul, the soul of man. It's the only rest. As I thought about this last week, the man and his wife were restless in their soul when their eyes were opened. And the soul of man could never find rest until Christ said, "Come unto me." The soul of man through thousands of years could never find rest. But now, even after 6,000 years, the restless souls of men can find rest in Christ. I want to leave this thought in your mind. I was waiting for brother Loyal to come and play bass, but he's not here. So that's my excuse for going for so long. But let me leave this thought with you. The gospel is simple, but it's also deep, very complex, I would say, using the word in a qualified way. But to appreciate its simplicity, you must desire its depth. To truly appreciate just how simple and beautiful it is, you must desire to know it and to know it completely and desire wisdom and knowledge and understanding. Don't be simple that says, "Well, I don't need to know. I don't need to have understanding." It's that simple one that's deceived. But be simple towards it. Say, "Lord, I believe it. Now give me understanding." Come unto him. Let's stand to our feet. Come unto him, ye that are labor, that labor and are heavy laden, and you'll find rest in your soul. You'll find the rest that Adam forfeited. You'll find the rest that the woman walked away from. You'll find rest in your soul. Let's bow our heads. [Music] We don't have an altar. And I believe the Lord still I believe God uses the altar. It's where people are born and sealed with the Holy Ghost. It's a place that people's faith can find a resting a spot to seek his face. But I I I would place before you the altar as it were of your heart today and say, "Lord, I'm I've come to this altar today. I've come to you and I cast my cares upon you. I'm I'm unburdening myself. Come to him." If you'd like to do it, just by lifting your hands and saying, "Lord, this is my sign of surrender. coming to your feet today. I'm not kneeling at an altar because this room doesn't have one. But thank God there's one in my heart. And what I do in this moment is I surrender. I surrender to you, Lord. Let's bow our heads. Our gracious heavenly father, as we've lifted our hands in a sign of surrender, we're coming to you to find rest in our souls. Lord, it's a rest that we find as sinners and it's a rest that we find as believers that we get so spread out and so worn and so weary and so battle torn and sometimes Lord we're just thinking about the logistics of battle and the wounds and scars and the ferocity of the fighting and we forget that we won. [Music] We forget the victories. We forget what was conquered. We forget the the joy that soon followed when the the answer came and the sickness was healed or the problem was solved. Lord, we just seem to carry within us instincts and reflexes and wounds from the battles in this terrible war of attrition. In this end time, we find ourselves failing for strength and in the weariness of our minds and being taxed and pressed. Lord, so easy begin to lose focus and ponder this and wonder that and even question one another's love and commitment and begin to look at relationships and people through the wrong kind of view. And we despair of connectedness. We despair of communion. We despair of continuity and harmony. And we're worried that we're going to be alone. And we're worried that things are falling apart. And it's only because we've allowed Satan to paint a picture. [Music] allowed him to frame a scenario. Lord, may we just cast that image down today. May we just take the frame and throw it into the fire. Take that picture and tear it up into a million pieces. Lord, burn it up. Lord, we look at you and say, "Lord, I only want to see evil through your eyes. Lord, I only want to see the picture as you have framed it. I only want to see Leodysia as you would want me to see it. I only want to see my wife as you would want me to see her. I only want to see my brother as you would want me to see her." Lord, it's complicated in my mind. It's complicated in my heart. It's complicated in my life. But Lord, I know complication is only rooted in the confusion that sin brings. So Lord, I come to you and to be unbburdened and to be forgiven that I might find rest for my soul. And not that life would all of a sudden become so simple. It's not complex, but that I could be simple towards your word. That it would lead me through the complexities. I pray that you touch us today. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, we pray.
