################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2021-08-25 - Bro. Daniel Evans - Christ's Prayer for the Church - Daniel Evans.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2021-08-25
Title:   Bro. Daniel Evans - Christ's Prayer for the Church
Speaker: Daniel Evans
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vi5N3QqMzJw
========================================

Description:
Christ's Prayer for the Church
Bro. Daniel Evans
Wednesday Service: August 25,  2021
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] First, uh, Brother Aaron called me this morning and he said, "Make sure you greet the congregation for me." He said he's got some rest, but if I know Brother Aaron, he wants to be right here, right among you, and and doing the work that the Lord's ordained him to work to do. I appreciate Brother Aaron. um he and I met just a few months ago and we struck up a a nice friendship. If you don't know who I am, um brother said my name is Daniel Evans. I am actually from Arizona originally. I moved to Jeffersonville, Indiana about 17 years ago. I worked for Voice of God Recordings for 14 years. And my role there is I was director of public relations. And my job was among other things of course to lift up brother Bram's message to the people. And one of the things that I did was anytime that someone would call Voice of God and they would want to talk to a minister or they would they would have questions, those phone calls would usually come to me. And it was everything from that uh we believe I believe brother Bram's a false prophet. He said this this and this and this to a husband and wife's in a tiff to to many many things. You can imagine how many how many different things that came in. But I was honored to do it. Um, and uh, the Lord led me to move back home to Arizona. And it's been almost exactly one year that I resigned my position at Voice of God. And I've moved here to Arizona. And uh, I was speaking at a minister's meeting not too long ago. And I was talking about the subject was how can we get in one mind and one accord? and and I was chosen to speak and I was talking about that the way to get in one mind and one accord is to have one purpose. So as I ministered on that afterwards there was a break and and brother Aaron came up to me and he introduced himself and he said that he said I think the Lord wants us to fellowship and so so um we started talking and we struck up a friendship and uh if if you know my background and you know brother Aaron's background there's probably no two more different people that come from different areas of the message than brother Aaron McGary and brother Daniel Evans. But the Lord brought us together because I believe that we have a common purpose. And that common purpose is not to promote a narrative or not to promote a doctrine, not to not to take one side or take the other side. I think many of us don't fit in this box or in this box or in this box. And I think that this room probably has quite a few of those people that don't fit in those boxes. And that's what the enemy tries to to do. He tries to he tries to force us into these boxes. And in doing that, it separates the brethren. And with brother Aaron and and me and talking, I thought, man, this brother has has the same vision that I do. And that vision is to create or to foster a relationship, a personal relationship between the believer and the Lord. And that's the that's the mission. That should be the focus of every minister. Not just every minister, every parent. Every Christian, every deacon, every trustee, every lay person, every Christian in this world should have that focus and that is to help people have that relationship between God and man. There's a there's a Chinese proverb that says, "If you give a man a fish, you feed him today. But if you teach a man to fish, you feed him the rest of his life. And friends, we can give a little bit of advice. Say, "Don't do this or do this." And parents, as parents, we can point our kids in the right direction and tell them, "No, stay away from this group of kids over here and, you know, fellowship with this group of kids." But until that child or until that person has that relationship with Christ, that person will be reliant on that minister or on that parent or on that husband or on that wife. And that is the role of a true minister to build that relationship and then step back. Always be there for the person, but step back and let that that person have that relationship with Christ. So often though, and we see it, we separate ourselves on doctrinal lines. And brother Brandham came and and his message was come out of that. Don't do that. Come out of that. And he and he did a wonderful job. He brought this message. And then friends, what happens is human nature, we have fallen into that same trap. and it becomes if you're not part of my group, if you don't believe it like I believe it, then you're out. There's a um there's a book that Brother Brandham wrote, the only book he ever wrote and it's a masterpiece. He finished it and it got printed just before he passed away in 1965. That book is called an exposition of the seven church ages. It's beautiful. It's got all the big doctrines in brother Brandham's message from serpent seed to baptism to the godhead to to these these beautiful messages that brother Brandham preached he condensed them into a book called an exposition of the seven church ages and it builds starts with with Ephesus and it goes all the way up to Leodysa and it goes all the way up and he builds this beautiful masterpiece of this book and then friends He closes the book. This is his masterpiece. And and he he he has it here and he wants people to read it. And he closes the book with with this statement. And I'm going to read it off of my phone. And brother, if you could give me that um church age book quote. I uh I turned on my my phone and and there's a text from brother Aaron and he says, "I'm praying for you." Thank you, brother Aaron. If you're if you're um tuned in, the end of an exposition of the seven church ages. Brother Brandham says this, "Not for one moment do I bring a message to the people that they may follow me or join my church or start some fellowship and organization. I have never done that and will not do that now." Amen. Now remember this is a very very important man talking. This is if we believe brother Brandham to be what he made us made it out for him to be. This is that seventh angel that was to come. This is that prophet of Malachi 4 that was to come to turn the hearts of the children back to that of the Pentecostal fathers. Amen. And he says this. I have no He says this. I have never done that and will not do that now. I have no interest in those things. But I do have an interest in the things of God and people. And if I can accomplish just one thing, I will be satisfied. That's a very, very important statement. If I can accomplish just one thing, I will be satisfied. In all of this ministry that God has given me, if I can accomplish one thing, I will be satisfied. That one thing is to see established a true spiritual relationship between God and men wherein men become new creations in Christ filled with his spirit and live according to his word. I would invite and plead and warn all to hear his voice at this time and yield their lives completely to him even as I trust in my heart that I have given my all to him. God bless you and may his coming rejoice in your heart. What a beautiful thing that brother Brandham can close out his ministry. Like I said, this got printed right before his death that he can close out his ministry with those beautiful words that if he can see established a relationship between God and men, then he would be satisfied. I um I have some friends dear friends of mine that uh few years ago they decided that they didn't believe Brother Bram's message anymore. They saw they saw they they went to the websites and we know what they are. They went to the websites and they started reading these things and and it really it polluted their mind and they decided that no that this was false. So, and and like I said, they're they're dear friends of mine. So, not too long ago, I felt it on my heart to go visit them. And so, it was a long drive. And on my way there, my thoughts were, Lord, do you have something that you want me to tell them that will bring them them back? Or maybe you have something for me. And and I thought, you know, we always get so arrogant. Lord, Lord, I'm going to go there and I'm going to tell them this, this, this, and this, and that's going to change their mind through my knowledge. And and friends, it never works that way. So, so I go there and it was such a nice time of fellowship and such a a nice time of love. And then it got late at night and uh they were ready to go back home to their house and they were we were fellowshipping the place and I I opened the door and I said, "Y'all know me. You know what my job's been for all these years? I could be a resource to you. What questions do you have about Brother Brandham's message?" I said, 'We know each other. We've known each other for a long time. Ask me what these qu ask me these questions that you have on your heart. And there was a little bit of a wall that went up, but because of that spirit that was present, that sweetness of the Holy Spirit, wall came down and they started asking questions. Now, some of these questions I was able to answer answer easily. Some of the questions I wasn't able to answer. That's not the point of the story. So, right before they left and we talked for maybe an hour about these things. The kids uh they put the kids in the other room. They were watching a movie and it was just me and the husband and the wife. And they made this statement. The wife, the sister made this statement. She said, "You know, we've asked a family." She said, "We've asked a pastor about these questions and ask other believers." And the answer was always the same. It was always defensive and just believe it. Well, that didn't work for them. They said they were always afraid. The people we asked were always afraid that brother Brandham was wrong. So they they wouldn't go there. They said, "But but you you go there." And if you don't know, you just say you don't know. Why aren't you afraid? And I said, "I don't know, but I'm not. I'm not afraid at all." So they left and and uh I got on my knees and I started praying and I said, "Lord, that question that you asked, I'm not afraid. I'm not worried about those things." I said, "Lord, I don't care if he was right or or wrong in these things that he was saying. I don't care." And and and as I was praying, I I prayed and I got tired and then I crawled into bed and I kept praying and I just prayed myself to sleep. And then I woke up the next morning and I was still praying and I was I was like, "Lord, have I backsliden? I quit Voice of God recordings. I resigned. I want to I want away from them. Have Have I backsliden? I don't feel like I have. I feel good. And you know that little when you sometimes when you say something, you get that little that little check in there where where it's like, oh, I'm I'm wrong about that or I was wrong about this. You know what I'm talking about? There's that little check. Well, I didn't have that. I hope I don't have it tonight, by the way. But I didn't I didn't have that check. And then as as the sun was coming up and the and the morning light was entering the room where I was, I got my answer from the Lord. And I was asking the Lord, "What about Brother Brandham's message? Have I strayed?" And the Lord answered me. He said his message was a success in your life because he introduced you to me. Amen. And friends, never did I have ever question it since then. That's right. It doesn't matter. And so often we see that these people, they they they see these things and then they start they start to stray, but they didn't go all the way. they didn't do what brother Brandham said is go all the way to Christ. When we don't when we do it when we just get caught up in the individual then we're just part of a denomination again and it's not right. But we need to go all the way to Christ. And if we don't do that then we're easily pulled away. And we see that in these people. They're easily pulled away because you didn't do what brother Brandham said. You didn't do what your pastor said. and it pulls him away from Christ. But brother Brandham, if you look, his job was to give us to Christ. Amen. And I ask you, is is his message of success in your life today? Do you know Jesus Christ not because of brother Brandham, not because of your pastor, but do you know Christ? Have you come to that place? I think you have. I think that this group is is a special group. It may not be like may not fit into the box if you know what I mean. But we don't have to fit into the box. Some people might fit into the box and that's okay. That's good. But you don't have to fit in to these different boxes that were set forth. I um with brother Brandham, the message helps us and we listen to the tapes and and we study his word. Now, we can just say, "I don't want it." Will we be saved? I don't know. If you know Christ, you will be. But when we put our hand up and say, "I don't want your gifts." They make things harder on ourselves. These things, this Bible was given to us for a help to us to guide us through. Brother Bram's message was given to us for a help. But the ultimate destination is of course our Lord Jesus. And and Jesus wanted something very special for his people. He wanted to have fellowship with us. He wanted to be with us forever. And there's a really nice and and friends, I'm trying to as I'm talking, I'm I'm trying to maybe calm nerves a little bit. I want to be ready to read his word. I want you all to be ready and and I want to be ready. May the anointing be there as we get close to reading his word. And Jesus wanted a church. He wanted a body. He wanted a body that was unified. Now, unity does not mean uniformity. We're all different. In First Corinthians chapter 12, we read that you have hands and you have feet and you have you have different you have different members of the body. They all operate independently, but they operate collectively for the body in unison and in one. And that's what Jesus wanted. And Jesus right at the end of his earthly ministry. He gave us some very, very special instructions, which is what I want to go through today and talk about some of these things that he said. And if you would turn, we can start in St. John chapter 14. My brother, I'm gonna I'm gonna give you some scriptures, but um I'll go Yeah, that's fine. We'll go through them. We'll go through them quickly. Now, the setting here, this is one of the saddest settings in the entire Bible. And what happened is Jesus just has that communion supper in chapter 13. And that's that's the verses that we read in communion. And Jesus he he was sad and his and his people his his little group was there and it was such a diverse group and and you see how God is a God of variety. You have Matthew there who lived his whole life cheating his friends. And then you have you have Simon the zealot over here who is everything that he wanted was to turn overturn the government. And then you have you have Nathaniel here who was a a good brother, you know, an Israelite in whom was no there's no guile. And then you have Peter and John probably just normal folks. You have Mary Magdalene who had a mental probably a mental illness. And then you just you have this this group of people that weren't part of that didn't fit in with the Pharisees and the Sadducees and all their doctrines. and he has them here and he's telling them he's telling them he's giving them instructions and we have the communion. He sends Judas off and here he is. and he has his disciples and they're sitting around the table and he starts telling them things and he tells them he says he says I'm going to I'm going to go away and and he starts saying these very strange things and in u we'll start with uh in 148-9 he's Philip asks him I'll read it there's a very important scripture Philip asks Philip says says, "Lord, show us the father." And it suffice suffices us. And Jesus said unto him, "Have I been so long with you, Philillip? Have I been so long with you and yet you have not known me?" And he says, "He that has seen me has seen the father." What a strange thing. Now, this is going to come in a little bit later in the scriptures that I'm going to read. So, so Jesus says, he says, "Hey, if you if you see me, you're seeing the father and and he says, look how close that Christ is to the father." And that's going to come in a little bit later as Jesus prayed. But with the godhead, the father and the son are so close that we as believers, we can't even separate them. They're just right as one. And then he goes on and I'll I'll go ahead and read it. He says he says uh verse 10 he says believest not thou not that I am in the father and the father in me. The words that I speak speak unto you I speak not of myself but the father that dwelleth in me. He doeth the works. Believe me that I am in the Father and the Father in me, or else believe me for the very works sake. Verily I say unto you, he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also. And greater works than these shall he do, because I go unto the Father. Now, I'm sure that the disciples didn't understand what he was talking about. Greater. How can he do greater? But at this time, Jesus was one man. He was flesh. was one man to do a miracle. He had to be there most of the time. He had to be there. And now Jesus is saying, "Hey, something's going to happen. Things are going to change. More more works are going to be done." And he goes on and and he mentions in verse 16. He says this. He says, "And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another comforter that he may abide with you forever, even the Spirit of truth, whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him, but you shall know him. For he dwelleth with you and shall be in you." That word comforter in other translations it's advocate. And he's saying he's he's speaking these things and they're not understanding. And he's he's talking at the at the table here. And then he he goes on and then in verse 31 he says, "Let's get up and let's go." He said, "Let's go hence." So they get up. Now where they were is they were in in the city of Jerusalem and they walked down the side of the hill. It's not a very far trip. It's it's from the city of Jerusalem down to their destination was maybe 15 to 30 minutes. And on this little trip that they were going, they're all walking along and he's he's telling them he's giving them these instructions and they're walking and their destination was the Garden of Eden. So they're walking along and he's telling them he's saying in in he's saying things like he's saying in things like 15:11 he says he says these things have I spoken unto you that my joy may remain in you and that your joy may be full. And in verse 12 he says this is my commandment that you love one another as I have loved you. Jesus, it's his commandment. And he's he's he's showing them these things. And in verse 26, he says this. He says, "But when the comforter is come, whom I will send you from the father, even the spirit of truth which proceeds from the mouth, he shall testify of me." And he's going along and he's he's talking. It's it's a very sad time. And I can only imagine Jesus only 33 years old and he's going down and and these disciples they're not really understanding what he's saying. And then in verse 16 he says he says now I'm or in chapter 16 he says now I'm going to go away but he says but be of good cheer. In 16:33 he says these things I have spoken unto you that in me you might have peace. In the world you shall have tribulation, but be of good cheer because I've overcome the world. Then Jesus gets down to the bottom of the hill and he's like many of us when we have service. He says, "Let's close in prayer." And now we have all the disciples around. Jesus is about to go to the garden of Gethsemane. He's about to die. And we we can only imagine the pressure that he was under. And he prays this prayer in verse 17 or in chapter 17. I won't go through the whole thing. Let's start with verse 20. Start with verse 19. And he says, "And for their sakes I sanctify myself that they also may be sanctified through the truth." And then he says this, "Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word." What a wonderful statement, friends. What an absolutely wonderful statement that Jesus said, "I'm not just praying for these here, these disciples that I have. I'm praying for those all of those that will hear the word that will believe on me through their word. And I say that he was talking about the people in this room right now. Amen. Here we are reading the words of the Apostle John. He wrote these words down. And here we are reading his words. So we here can see ourselves in the scripture. And it's and here we are now. And I want to point out here is what we are to do. Now remember Jesus is praying. This is what he wants more than anything in the world. Remember brother Brandham at the end of his message when he in the church age book he says if I could just see established that relationship. Well here's Jesus. And here's what Jesus says at the end. He says this. That they all may be one. as thou Father art in me and I in thee that they also may be one in us. Now this next statement that the world may believe that thou hast sent me. What a statement. He says that they will be so one that these people will be so together. They will love each other so much. They will be so in one accord that the world will see that I am the Messiah because of how they treat each other and how they are together. How they are one. Now friends, we are not there yet, but we can be there. I don't believe that Jesus would have said it if it couldn't be so. I don't believe he would have prayed it. Let me read it again. That the world may believe that thou hast sent me. And the glory which thou gavest me, I have given them that they may be one even as we are one. Remember what I said about Philillip and Jesus said you look at the father and Philip have I you want to see the father have I been with you so long and you don't know me and we as believers we read our church age book we listen to brother Brandham we receive this revelation of how close the father and the son are we can't even tell the difference it's very difficult for even us to distinguish between them. And Jesus says this. He says, he says that that they may be one even as we are one. So Jesus and the father are one. How close are they? How close should we be to each other? How close, friends? you know, a husband and a wife and and a mother and children and and in in the fellowship and even across these message boundaries that we have set in front of us. How much should we be one with each other? It's right here. Jesus prayed it and then we go and do what we've done throughout history. We separate ourselves. But here Jesus is, he's not talking about all of our little doctrines that separate us. He says he wants us to be one. He says that the world that they may be one even as we are one. I in them and thou in me that they may be perfect. They may be made perfect in one. and that the world may know that thou hast sent me and hast loved me and has loved them even as thou has loved me. Once again, that the world may know that I am the Messiah by their love one for another. Father, I will that they also whom thou hast given me be with me where I am, that they may behold my glory which thou hast given me for thou lovest me before the foundation of the world. Then Jesus prays that's those sweet words. He loves us so much. And he says, "Lord, and I want them to be with me. I want them to be together. I want them to love one another. The world's going to see that I am the Messiah through this bond that they have. And then Lord, I want them to be with me. Oh righteous father, the world has not known thee, but I have known and these things and these have known that thou hast sent me. And I have declared unto them thy name, and will declare it, that the love wherewith thou hast loved me may be in them, and I in them. And then here is Jesus and and Jesus sets out this church. And then friends, not too long afterwards, there's a room maybe this size. They go in there and this comforter that was prophesied to come comes down and fills each one. And then they go out and they preach the gospel. The first day Peter goes out and baptizes 3,000 people and and it's it's a beautiful time. And this these promises are made manifest and here goes the gospel on display as brother Brandham said and they're out and they're healing the sick and they're they're they're doing miracles and they're leading lost souls to Christ and they're in God's perfect will and they are united. Acts chapter 2 says they were in one accord. They had one purpose there. Acts chapter 4, they were all together in one room. And the Bible says they were of one heart and one soul. The Holy Spirit was so powerful they came into the room that all the walls in the whole room shook because they were together. Why would it say they're of one heart, one soul? It's because it was important. And then they're out and they're doing these things. They're leading people to Christ. You know, we have we have the body operating independently. Like I said, you have you have Philip Philip out here having evangelistic services, going out meeting the unic in the out in the desert. You have Peter over here with with Cornelius. You have you have the the different ones. You have Steven out here doing miracles. And you have all these things going on all in one accord and in love. You Paul comes on the scene a little bit later and he starts doing the same thing. And then friends remember in this Bible these things are not written to be a history book. You know you ever you ever look at Google maps where you can you can like grab the guy and you can drop him and he wiggles his arm and he lands on the street you know and he looks and then you can see you can see the street you can look around. That's how we should be with this Bible. take yourself and drop yourself in. And there we and then look around and see what's going on here. And then we look and we look at some of Paul's writings. And we look at 1 Corinthians chapter 1. Let me read it really fast. I'm sorry, brother. I didn't give you that scripture, but uh like to read it. 1 Corinthians chapter 1. Start at verse 9. Paul says here, now remember things were going good. But let's place oursel in the scripture and ask ourselves, why would Paul say something like this? He says, "God is faithful by whom you were called unto the fellowship of his son Jesus Christ our Lord. Now I beseech you, brethren, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that you all speak the same thing, and that there be no divisions among you, but that you be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment. Sounds like what Jesus said, doesn't it? Now, look what Paul's trying to do. Something's going on here. Paul's like, "No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Get back. Get back here. Get back here. Next verse. For it have been declared unto me of you, my brethren, by them which are the house of Khloe, that there are contentions among you. Now this I say that every one of you that doesn't leave very many people out. Now this I say that every one of you says I am of Paul. Notice he put himself in there. That's important. See see we would say oh well we're we're of brother Brham. But Paul puts himself right in there. The first church age measure, he was a messenger. He was the original. And he puts himself right in there. He says, "Now, now this, every one of you says that I am of Paul and I have of Apollos and I of Cphus and I of Christ." Paul's looking and he's saying, "Stop. Don't do it. We're going in the wrong direction. And he asks this, "Is Christ divided?" He says, "Was Paul crucified for you?" And he says, "Were you baptized in the name of Paul?" And friends, my my little testimony of my friends there, how brother Brandham introduced me to Christ. There's another place that Paul says, "I have planted, Apollos watered, but God gave the increase." And how we so easily get away from that. And we look at Paul and Paul's saying, "No, no, no, no, no. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't go back there. We came out of that. Don't go back there." But then all of a sudden, we now we have the Catholic Church not too long after that. And we have we have these then we get the Lutheran church then we get the Methodist church and we get all these divisions. We went right back to where we started. Then 1946 around in there another man came on the scene a prophet the great prophet. He said come out of there and we did. But the human nature here we go right back into where we started. right back where he said don't do it. And we look at Paul here. Paul was concerned. Don't do it. Don't go back to this. We came out of the Pharisees and the Sadducees. We We came out of that stuff. Don't go back. But friends, one wonderful thing about this, it was not Paul's job to turn the hearts of the children back to that of the Pentecostal fathers. It wasn't his job. He didn't want it to happen. He wanted to go back but he couldn't do it. That was not his job. But there came a man in our day that it was his job. And it comes at the end time. And here we are now with a group of people that our hearts are moving back in that direction. But it's important that each one of us has our individual parts. We can't just let let it to brother Aaron. We can't just let it to brother Brandham. We have to do something ourselves. One experience I had and it was is really special and I think that you'll appreciate it. The power went out. a voice of God records. So all of us kind of we couldn't do anything. Our computers were off and all of us kind of went into the mail room and it's a big area about this size and we were all we were all sitting in there fellowshipping. Brother Joseph was in there, brother Billy Paul. Brother Joseph asked Brother Billy Paul, he says he says, "Billy," he says, "Tell us about something. Tell us something about Brother Brand. What was like the most special thing about it, brother Billy? He didn't waver when he answered. Now, it wasn't that, oh, he did great miracles. He did do great miracles. It wasn't that he had such an understanding of the scripture. He did have an understanding, a wonderful understanding of the scripture. Brother Billy didn't say that. Brother Billy's answer was this. And it was such a beautiful answer for brother Brandham. But brother Billy's answer was this. He said, "I was the closest person to brother Brandon in the world. I traveled everywhere with him. I I saw him I saw him in the pull pit. I saw him tired. I went hunting with him. I was always with my dad." Now, this is a good example to all of us. But Billy said, "Even me, even I did not know daddy's friends from his enemies." Oh, what a what a wonderful thing. And look at us and we're so quick to fight and argue. But brother Brandham had that beautiful spirit of Christ that the Lord Jesus prayed for us to have and he was our example. And friends, I want that. I want it. I want to see it in the body of Christ in my flesh. I want to see it. If we continue the way we're going, we won't see it, brother. It'll be maybe for another generation to see it. But I want to see it. It's the desire of my heart to see that. But it can't come from us just giving into the enemy. All of us feel things against each other. It's normal. We can't open our mouth. Just let positive things come out. And I I know I'm preaching to the choir, to this group, and I know that that brother Aaron sets a good example, but it's important, friends. It's important that we represent the Lord Jesus Christ, just as brother Brandham did. Didn't know his friends from his enemies, his own son. and how Jesus prayed that that would come. And I believe that it will. But I just want it to be me. I want to see it. I want to be there, brother West. I want to I want to be there when when that rapture happens. There's there's a quote um that I want to read to you, brother. That second quote, do you have that one about um the uh a month or so? Uh I think it's uh let me see here. Um it's the second one I gave you. Nope, it's the one before that. Yeah. Here we go. So, how many of us in closing I want to say this. How many of us have heard the quote that uh when the rapture happens there'll be 30 or 40 days and and then that we'll be with our loved ones and then we'll go on the rapture. Have you heard that? Have you heard that said many times? Yeah. Yeah. So have I. The only problem is you never heard brother Brandham say it. That's such an odd thing. We quote it. We quote it. We quote it. But brother Brandham that I know of didn't actually say that. He said this. He said, "See where we're living, friends. What's the matter with people? Can you see that we're at the end time? It's all over. The next thing will be a sweep that'll grab the group together. In a month or so, she'll be gone. As soon as she's gathered together, we're at the end. There's no hopes left. Nowhere. Run to Christ, people." There's the quote. It's when they come together. And how beautiful is that that will bring the rapture I believe when we get that love that Jesus prayed. Let me close with a quote here and then brother if uh song leader I don't know who the song leader is but if um let me close with a quote here brother. So it's the thirsting for life quote if you will. And when the Holy Spirit came in the upper room, it said there came a sound as Russian mighty wind. Now nothing was blowing. It was just like the sound it was and it filled all the house where they were setting and then clo and tongues set up upon them like fire. And how did this great pillar of fire, the angel of God, the logos that went out of God that led the children of Israel through the wilderness, when it come among the people, it separated itself and great licks of fire begin to come upon each one as the fire began to break up and to God dividing himself among his people. Oh, that ought to tear the h the heart out of anybody. God tearing himself apart that he might divide himself a little bit with each one of us. That's all together. You see what I mean? How beautiful. Can you see now why I'm standing for unity of every church, every full gospel church, every believer, we ought to be one heart, one mind, and one accord. No matter how much we differ in the scriptures, that might be one might see it this way or that has nothing to do with it. But in principle, we ought to stand. one great mighty army of God marching on because each one of you in your peculiarity, God has proved that he's ignoring your doctrine because he gave you the Holy Ghost. And the Bible said he gave them the Holy Ghost that obeyed him. Now if I obeyed in my peculiar way and you obeyed in in you obeyed him in your peculiar way, he'd give us both the Holy Ghost. So we ought to be Christian brethren and sister enough to arm up together and to march on for one great purpose, the gospel. Oh, how I think of God separating himself that he might dip down into his big soul and pour out a little spoonful in me and reach over and pour out a spoonful in you and in you and in you and in you and in you, dividing himself the fire, the cleansing power of God. Then if you have a spoonful and I have a spoonful and we both get together, we got two spoonfuls. And if 50 of us are together, we got 50 spoonfuls. And where there is unity, where there is gathering, there is safety. And what more? It's just twice as hard as in the prophet's hands the sticks to break. Two sticks are harder to break than one. And when we can come together to that place, brother, if I can see that happen, I'd walk out here on top of Camelback Mountain, raise up my hands, and say, "Even so, come. Lord Jesus, take me now. It's all over." See, I'd be ready to go right then. Brethren, I don't think this church has a problem with the vision. I think this church has open arms. I love your website. It says come home. And I think it can spread. And I think the love that you all have can move forward, can move this this work forward and let us see this coming of Christ in our own flesh. And I want to encourage you all to be those pillars in the church and reach out across those lines and to bring God's wayward children back into the fold. Let's pray. Our heavenly father, how great it is to read your word, Lord, to love you and and to love your word that you gave to us and knowing, Father, that you went to the cross that that you might have fellowship with us for all eternity. That mean we might be where you are. Lord God, I ask that you would anoint us, Father, with this love that we talked about that we might reach out across and and bring people into the fold that may have been, Lord, set aside by the world, set aside by the church, that may they feel welcome among us. I pray, Father, we love you. We ask that, Lord, that you'd go before us always. May your perfect will be done, Father. And Lord, as the bride said, come quickly, Lord. Come and and we say the same. We want to see you, Lord, in our flesh. We pray that we can have a part in this great work that's happening. Father, that's we believe that's maybe overdue because of our own our own father missteps. Lord, help us. We pray. May you be glorified in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. God bless you my friends.
