################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2021-02-25 - Revelation Resolves Complication Pt. 3 (Wisdom from Above) - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2021-02-25
Title:   Revelation Resolves Complication Pt. 3 (Wisdom from Above)
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=66LZyzeh6V4
========================================

Description:
Revelation Resolves Complication Pt. 3 (Wisdom from Above)
Wednesday Service: February 24 ,  2021
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I'm going to be reading from First Kings chapter 3. First Kings chapter 3. And then uh I'd like to read verses 5 to 28. So it's little bit of a lengthy reading, but um it'll help us save time maybe a little bit later um in terms of not having to go back and read through some of this. And I know it's scriptures you're familiar with. So it'll just get us right on track. So first uh Kings chapter 3, we'll start with verse 5. In Gibian, the Lord appeared to Solomon in a dream by night. And God said, "Ask what I shall give thee." Wow. Wouldn't it be wonderful to have that dream? God says, "Whatever you want, you just ask." And Solomon said, "Thou hast showed unto thy servant David, my father, great mercy, according as he walked before thee in truth, and in righteousness, and an uprightness of heart with thee. and thou hast kept for him this great kindness that thou hast given him a son to sit on his throne as it is this day. And now, oh Lord my God, thou hast made thy servant king instead of David my father. And I am but a little child, and I know not how to go out or come in. And thy servant is in the midst of thy people, which thou hast chosen, a great people that cannot be numbered, nor counted for multitude. Give therefore thy servant an understanding heart to judge thy people that I may discern between good and bad. For who is able to judge this thy so great a people? And the speech pleased the Lord that Solomon had asked for this thing? And God said unto him, Because thou hast asked this thing, and hast not asked for thyself long life, neither hast asked riches for thyself, nor hast asked the life of thine enemies, but hast asked for thy thyself understanding to discern judgment. Behold, I have done according to thy words. Lo, I have given thee a wise and an understanding heart, so that there is none like thee before thee, neither after thee shall any arise like unto thee. And I have also given thee that which thou hast not asked, both riches and honor, so that there shall not be any among the kings like unto thee all thy days. And if thou wilt walk in my ways, to keep my statutes and my commandments, as thy father David did walk, then I will lengthen thy days." And Solomon awoke, and behold, it was a dream. And he came to Jerusalem and stood before the ark of the covenant of the Lord, and offered up burnt offerings, and offered peace offerings, and made a feast to all his servants. And this is the immediately after this experience of this dream, and God ending him with this great wisdom, and promising this blessing upon him, this gives us insight to this wisdom. Then came there two women that were harlots unto the king, and stood before him. And one woman said,"Oh my Lord, I and this woman dwell in one house, and I was delivered of a child with her in the house. It came to pass the third day after that I was delivered that this woman was delivered also, and we were together. And there was no no stranger with us in the house, save we two in the house. And this woman's child died in the night, because she overlaid it." And she rose at midnight, and took my son from beside me, while thy handmade slept, and laid it in her bosom, and laid her dead child in my bosom. And when I rose in the morning to give my child suck, behold, it was dead. But when I had considered it in the morning, behold, it was not my son, which I did bear. And the other woman said, "Nay, but the living is my son, and the dead is is thy son." And this thing said, "And this said, no, but the dead is thy son, and the living is my son." Thus they spake before the king. Then said the king, "The one saith, this is my son that liveth, and thy son is dead." and the other saith, nay, but thy son is dead, and my son is living. And the king said, "Bring me a sword." And they brought a sword before the king. And the king said, "Divide the living child in two, and give half to the one, and half to the other." Then spake the woman whose the living child was unto the king. For her bowels yearned upon her son, and said, "Oh my lord, give her the living child, and no wise slay it." But the other said, Let it neither be mine nor thine, but divide it. Then the king answered and said, "Give her the living child and in no wise slay it. She is the mother thereof." And all Israel heard of the judgment which the king had judged, and they feared the king, for they saw that the wisdom of God was in him to do judgment, to do justice, to do right. You can be seated. My title is it's represented on the slide is uh part three on revelation resolves complication. So, I'm wanting our thoughts to be centered upon um the some of these principles that we've been sharing over the last few services building on now it's complicated and now how do we address complication? How are we going to navigate the chaos in the labyrinth that is natural life? And I want to give this subtitle, wisdom from above. And that this revelation that's resolving complication in our lives is a wisdom that comes from God. And so we're acknowledging that the Lord is the one that's going to give us what we need uh to resolve any complication that's in our life. We may speak it in the sense of just generally the complicated uh you know chaos that is le oysia but it's also for whatever individual experiences uh you're going through whatever trials you're facing or circumstances you find yourself in I believe that God can give you the revelation that you need to make the right decisions in whatever it is you're going through. And so we've been using Revelations chapter 3 to look at the spirit of Leodysia and how it's the lust for the wrong kind of knowledge and this desire for wealth for things to accumulate material possessions and that the spirit of Leodysia is only overcome by Christ. And so it's counsel to buy of me gold tried in the fire and have this spiritual revelation of the word. And then it even arrives at verse 20 that says behold I stand at the door and knock. So if there's an escape out of the labyrinth of Leodysia, ultimately it's for you to hear his voice and open up and for him to come into you and you into him and to s with him. And at the end of this Leodysian church age, that's what God has opened up to his elect is the privilege and opportunity of being in his divine presence uh feeding on the word of God to give us strength uh day by day to fly above the challenges and temptations of the flesh a and to uh and to ultimately triumph even over death. And that's the that's the vision that God gave the church in his address to Leodysia. And I'm wanting I I would like to impress this at the very beginning that as a believer you there there's something that God has empowered you with that we can rely upon and desire that it becomes first nature, first instinct. Uh we all have our reflexes and our knee-jerk reactions and the ways that we respond to things and that's generally the nature that we've received after our natural parents and the nurture we've received from our parents or the environment we're raised in and that's our first instinct. But the life that is quickened inside of you by the new birth, we want to yield to that more and more so that that becomes first nature. So that when you get sick, your first nature is say, "Well, I believe that by his stripes I'm healed." And though we are taught that your duty is to first go to your doctor and go to your doctor if you're sick, we're not doing that to abandon our faith, but we do it as an uh as an uh expression of our confidence that God uses doctors, he uses medicine, but yet we still have this belief that God is looking out after me. My my first nature is to trust God. And Paul says in Philippians chapter 2:5, "Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus." This mind Paul begins to describe in its humility. He thought it not robbery to be equal with God. That would suggest that it was not unlawful or something that was forbidden for him to be equal with God. And it also says that to be equal with God was not something easily grasped or swiped at or taken uh fraudulently or by advantage. But it begins to speak about the humility of Christ. But it wasn't just alone the humility. He's saying, "Let this mind be in you that was also in Christ Jesus." So, this is a letting or yielding. We want to have his mind. And wouldn't it be wonderful to look at every single situation, everything you go through, and you begin to compute it like Christ would. And every scenario, you're looking at it and and you have your voice in your head. I don't know about this, but all of a sudden, you just have this thought. You're like, Christ is thinking. Christ is rising up and kind of telling me how to approach this situation. I I believe we could take that promise literally to say, "Well, I want this mind to be in me as he humbled himself and he expressed God. I I want to do the same thing." Paul says in 1 Corinthians chapter 2:1 16, he's talking about the nature of man and we understand man because we have the spirit of man in us. But the spirit of God searches all things, yay, the deep things of God. And the natural man cannot know the things of God. But the man who's spiritual because he has the spirit of God he can know the things that are freely given by God. And he so he says for who hath the mind of the Lord that he may instruct him. So he's saying that you know who can judge God and who has the mind of the Lord to give God instruction to give God uh wisdom. But he says but we have the mind of Christ. And so we may not uh be in the position to advise God and we're not ones that would think we're more wise than God and we have a better idea than he does, but we have the mind of Christ. So it's a it's a letting this mind be in you. If you've been baptized into Christ, then you have put on Christ. There's an old way of thinking. There's a new way of thinking. There's a power that's available to us. Quickening power has come to us. You have quickening power that gives you discernment. You have quickening power that snatches you from death to life. You have quickening power that lets you see the promises of God coming to pass. And so the new birth brings the teacher on the inside. And having the teacher on the inside, it gives us power to live by this quickening power to live by. So I emphasize that just to uh have at the very beginning that when we begin to speak about wisdom, we're not talking about our own, but we're talking about the wisdom of God. As we read in Ephesians chapter 1:1 17, that the Lord of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him. That this is something that uh uh grows inside of you that it increases and it accumulates the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him going growing in greater depths of understanding of the nature of Christ and his mind. We have his mind. We know what he wants done with his word. We we know what his promises are. We know what his teachings are. We know what uh his nature. And we we can begin to identify it. And and let me say this just as the pool is so beautiful this evening and and you're very attentive. Many of our disappointments in our Christian walk with other people is because we want to see Christ and we don't see it. And it causes confusion. They think, "Well, I wanted to see Christ in this situation. I wanted to see Christ in leadership. and I I wanted to see Christ in my parents. I wanted to see Christ in my pastor. And yet, we're not getting Christ being reflected back at us. And we begin to wrestle and rationalize with it. And sometimes the worst thing we do is we actually think, well, I guess that just must be the nature of Christ. But that's what we're hungry to see is to see Christ, to know him, to know his nature, to know uh how he acts and how he responds. And that's really the hunger that we have. We desire to see Christ in others. And when we when we experience disappointments, when we look to leadership or those are whether it be a father figure, whether it be a particular ministry that you've been offended by or hurt by or abused by or even in your own family, if there's been a disappointment, don't place that on Christ. If you're not seeing Christ being reflected, it's wonderful that you recognize that. But then also remember that man will disappoint you. And it's important to not have a bitterness in your heart towards man and to not uh and not allow some root to defile your conscience. But realize man is man. He'll make mistakes. He'll disappoint. Uh but that's where a lot of our disappointments come from is we want to see Christ. We want to become more acquainted with him. We expect to be treated in a Christlike manner. And yet we're not. And it causes a lot of hurt or offense. And so that we don't make that mistake of treating others uncristlike. We need to grow grow in the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him. And this is not religious fervor. This is not to become more religious or or more fanatical about a particular belief. This is not theological conviction. But this is power to live. This is the ability to really thrive. This is not becoming a Pharisee about the word of God. This is not becoming more strict about a particular code of conduct, but this is about Christ having preeminence in your heart and and a life being lived out inside of your heart. And we ended with James chapter 1 verse 5 on Sunday. And it says, "If any of you lack wisdom, is that what what we were arriving at? The spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him." That revelation imparts to us knowledge, wisdom, understanding. And so if we ask, if we lack wisdom, he says, "Let them ask of God." And and so in this sense, none of us should ever make the excuse, well, I just don't have wisdom. Because he says, if you lack it, ask for it. And he'll give it to all men. Not just not stingily, but liberally. So he said, God, I really need I need wisdom times two. He says, you know what? I'll do better than that. I'll give it to you times three. Just as Solomon, he asked for wisdom. And God said, not only will I make you wise, but there won't be anyone ever wiser than you. You'll be the wisest man on earth. because you asked that, I will bless you uh with it it in in possessions and in wealth and in in glory of your your natural kingdom because it pleased God that Solomon asked. And so if you lack wisdom, he says, ask God. He'll give it to you liberally. He will not upgrade you. He He won't chide you. He won't rebuke you. He won't say that you're asking a miss. This is this is an ask that God will grant. And he says, "And it shall be given him." And this wisdom can apply to say, 'Lord, I just want to generally have more wisdom. I want to have more understanding. But this is wisdom for the moment you're in. This is wisdom for a decision. If you're facing decision, it's it's good to say, "Lord, I I need wisdom in this." Brother Tom Donaldson was just sharing with me that uh uh with just a decision that he had to make, he just said, "Lord, what's the right thing for me to do? How should I go about this?" And God gave him this wisdom on how to do it. And when he purposed in his heart to do that, everything else just began to line up because God gives the wisdom and then he stands behind that. The Bible says wisdom is justified of your children. In other words, that there's the proof of wisdom. There's the fruit of wisdom and it's the fruit of wisdom that justifies the wisdom. And you know when you have behaved wisely. You know when you have done the right thing. And so if you lack wisdom even for the moment, even for a decision that you're facing, ask God for it. Because as we've been saying, life is complex. Even without the complications, it's complex. So, we need God's wisdom to live life well. And life is complicated. And because it's complicated, it takes God's wisdom, a revelation to thrive in the midst of the chaos. And so, we need this wisdom. And this is what I want to begin to emphasize tonight, uh, is wisdom. And I am still looking at our relationships. And there's a lot of ways that you could just take this these this subject matter right here and apply it to love thy neighbor and who is my neighbor and how that we treat our fellow brethren and how we treat one another. But this we've been looking at simplicity versus not just complexity but complication and in looking at things being simple and finding simplicity through revelation and and how that uh revelation kind of gives us this wisdom to make sense of complication and chaos. I want to for a few moments deal with what I kind of in my heart in calling the wrong side of simple or the wrong kind of simple. And there's a simple that we find in the scripture that's not referring to a singleness of heart or a a simplicity uh uh towards Christ or a singular faith, but rather it's something that speaks of being naive to be simple. It speaks of a foolishness. And the word that's used in the Old Testament for uh for simple is to be open-minded. And I know that there's a phrase of being open-minded that the world really wants to push on us these days, but the world pushes a dangerous concept of open-mindedness. And so it says, "Well, you should just be open-minded and you should be willing to do this and willing to try that or be open to these other ideas and other thoughts." And and there's a real dangerous open-mindedness that the world lifts up because you you should be open to new experiences and you should be open to new ideas. And this open-mindedness that the world promotes is the simple simple mind that the Bible warns us about. This naeness, this foolishness to be open-minded. And the world will take their idea of open-mindedness as a as an answer to being closed-minded. And the uh and even the dangers of being closed-minded because there's a danger of even a closed mind and how that if you're close-minded and you you develop certain ideas and a very rigid thought process and you begin to have a stereotypes or or prejudices towards other people or you begin to develop hatred or bitterness. And there's a lot of things that could develop from being closed-minded. But the remedy to a closed mind is not the open-mindedness that the world promotes, but rather a true sensitivity and real wisdom. If somebody's closed-minded, if somebody lacks the ability uh uh to to uh think uh sens uh you know, think about other things and think about other people. As Paul is even lifting up this mind of Christ, he says, "Look on the things of others more than you do the things of yourself. Let the mind of Christ be in you." It's really attacking that self-centered, close-minded uh um brutish way of thinking that harms, that offends a and and is kind of that sticky nature that we need to overcome. So, the remedy for being close-minded, the remedy to being a bigot, the remedy to be in something that the world would hate is not to be open-minded and let's just experience things and let's become more liberal in our thought process, but it would be to be truly sensitive and to have real wisdom. And so there's it's not open-mindedness in the scripture is a negative thing that is wanting you to promote this reckless experience, this blind trust because it talks about being naive or foolish. And a lot of the conflict that we experience in relationships and the things that uh maybe cause confrontations or difficulty or strife is not the result of being close-minded, but it's the result of a lack of understanding and sensitivity. So we're talk we're going to be using this ter we're thinking about terms of being sensitive to something and having understanding. Now I know there's a way that the world wants to begin to describe that the world's going to say well we need to be more sensitive. We need more understanding. Those would be better terms than say let's be open-minded because open-minded is inviting experience a and perhaps asking you to compromise when in reality a lot of compromise isn't always compromise isn't always good. There's a lot of things that you can compromise on and think, "Oh, we've achieved agreement. We've achieved satisfaction. We're we're going to go ahead and baptize in the name of the Father and the Son and of Christ. We've compromised. We still have Christ in there. We're going to do both. We're going to baptize in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost and in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Or we're going to sprinkle in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ." We compromised, right? You say, "Well, maybe there's not all compromise is good compromise." I can't remember. Um I think it was uh oh, I'm trying to remember who. I think it might have been um Einstein who said uh there's a such a concept as a rotten compromise to beware of it. There's some compromise that is rotten. It's spoiling. And so there we need to have if there's conflict, if there if there's difficulty, a lot of times it arrives from a lack of understanding or sensitivity really just on one party's part. Because if somebody doesn't understand and somebody's very entrenched in their ideas and somebody's abrasive and somebody's really reluctant to to bend or to yield, if the other party could just understand that person and be more sensitive to that person's ideology or the way they're thinking or the way they're feeling, it can diffuse a lot of things that escalate. And so the I I I just kind of I wanted to sew some of those seeds in there as the Lord is dealing with my heart on a particular subject that I don't want to explore very deeply right now, but I want that to be a part of the Holy Spirit challenging us uh in this how revelation and the mind of Christ is to aid us and to help us. And so the scriptures warn against being simpleminded. And the simple mind is to be naive, to be dull, or I want to use this phrase, to lack discernment, to lack understanding or sensitivity. So when I say be sensitive, it doesn't mean it's easy for you to get your feelings hurt, but you're sensitive to how someone else is feeling. Not because they're crying or because they're telling you how you feel, but you can sense something. When somebody says something, you have this sensitivity be like, "Well, I'm not so sure about that." Or, "Oh, I I see now what what they're saying or where they're coming from." There's a sensitivity and understanding. The Bible says in Proverbs 1:es 22 to 23 and this is wisdom crying in the streets in the first the verses preceding this and this is wisdom's cry. How long ye simple ones will you love simplicity. Now we could be caught off guard that after teaching on a particular belief of your simplicity in Christ and a and the singleness of heart and the singleness of eye if your eye be single and these different things that we could things that you could draw out of the scripture you could say ye simple ones how long will you love simplicity you'd be like forever right because you're thinking this is a good thing well this is the other side of it this is the wrong side of simple it says and the scorners delight in their scorning and fools hate knowledge the naivveness the dullness the open-mindedness. How long are you going to love this mindset? Turn you at my rep pro reproof. Behold, I will pour out my spirit, the spirit of wisdom unto you, and I will make known my words unto you. So, the wrong side of simple lacks knowledge. The wrong side of simple lacks understanding. The understanding of depth, the understanding that things are complex, the understanding of complications. And there's a way that we can want to be simple and we want to have simplicity, but really what we're doing is we're denying understanding. There's a danger in saying, "Well, you know, I I just believe it and that settles it and not but do it as a defense against understanding it." If you don't understand it, that's fine. But God wouldn't want you to say, "I don't have to ever understand it. I don't want to have understanding. I don't want to learn. I don't want to grow. I don't want to I don't want my wisdom uh to increase." And so there's a danger in just saying, "Well, it doesn't really matter and I don't really need to know and I really don't care." And this naivveness, this dullness, this lack of discernment, it's the wrong side of simple that lacks understanding that things are deep, things are multifaceted, things can be complex, and denies even the complication of the world that we're in today. So it says, "Ye simple ones, will you, how long will you love simplicity and scorn and hate knowledge?" And in Proverbs chapter 8:5, it says, 'Oh ye simple, understand wisdom. Oh ye fools, be ye of an understanding heart. If there's an open-mindedness, it's to be open to truth. Be open to correctness. Be willing to say, I'm wrong. Be willing to recognize that you to to the reproof that he even mentions. Turn ye at my reproof. You simple understand wisdom and be ye of an understanding heart. In other words, don't be simple in that you're naive. Don't be simple in that you're dull or foolish or you lack discernment. Don't be susceptible to any influence or whim. But be sensitive to real truth. Be sensitive to genuine correction. Oh, ye simple, you dull, you open-minded, you foolish. And the scripture in the Proverbs is often talking about the simple and how easily they are led astray. And it's remarkable. They're easily led astray, but they're not easily corrected. It's easy to bait them into the that into the house of illreute. It's easy to bait them into sin and entice the sinner and to make them do this and then make them do that. But then when you try to correct them, they don't receive it. It's that dullness. It's that lack of understanding, that lack of knowledge. Proverbs chapter 9:13, it says, "A foolish woman is clamorous. She is simple and knoweth nothing." I appreciate the wisdom of no man amening that too loud. But a foolish woman is clamorous. She is simple and knoweth nothing. The Bible's pointing out that a foolish w woman will often be very loud, be very vocal, get a lot of attention. But saying she is simple, not simple in a positive way. She's simple because she knows nothing. She's simple because she lacks wisdom. She lacks knowledge. She lacks understanding and she's naive. She's dolled. They pray. This type of person, man or woman, prays on the simpleness or the dullness of others for their own advantage and for their own gain. Proverbs 14:15, we're looking at just the wrong side of simple. And this will I think right here when we begin to use this scripture, it's going to start looking at this wisdom that we're wanting to promote this wisdom from above. The simple believeth every word. Now, we could use that phrase in the context that to if we're simple towards Christ, we believe all his word. the simple toward the simplicity that is in Christ is our singleness of faith towards him. We believe what he says. We believe the word of God to be true. But it's talking about someone who has an open mind who's uh naive or foolish. They believe everything they're told. And so they don't have a sensitivity for error. They don't have a sensitivity for something that's not the right course of conduct. They're not aware of danger easily. And and maybe you've noticed this with uh your children as you raised them. Uh in in my family, there was uh one of our my boys just had this sense of if you were in kind of a difficult spot or a dangerous spot, they got uncomfortable. And then another one is kind of like, hey, I don't really sense that the fact that you're setting me up on this mantle right now in front of this fireplace doesn't make me feel uncomfortable. You could leave me here and this would be perfectly normal. But the other one, as soon as you'd start to do like, eh, eh, this doesn't seem right. And it could just even be a sense of this seems dangerous. this isn't normal. And it's it's talking about this a simple person who believes every word and cannot sense right or wrong. And it it joins it to this. But the prudent man lookth well to his going. So it's talking about naivveness. It's talking about a lack of sensitivity to where the fool cannot perceive danger or harm. They believe every word. They think everything's innocent. They're not really concerned about consequence. They're not able to kind of project into the future and see where this path is going to take them or what the what the consequence may be for doing this. They just kind of live in the moment and there's no real thought of is this right? Is this wrong? Is this dangerous? Is this correct? But it says a prudent man, a man who has wisdom is considered and looking to how he's living and how he's acting and where he's going. And it seems to me like this verse, Proverbs 22:3 just spells it out so perfectly. A prudent man, this is a wise man, a discreet, a a man of discretion, a man of discernment. A prudent man foreseeth the evil and hideth himself, but the simple pass on are punished. So when we speak of wisdom, it's the ability to foresee. It's the ability to understand, to appreciate danger, to recognize right or wrong. A prudent man can see that something bad is going to happen. Can see that something of ill effect is coming. And he prepares himself. He hides himself. He doesn't welcome the the danger. It would be in in maybe in this analogy that if you're walking down the road and up ahead you see that there's a giant hole in the ground that a prudent man changes alters his direction to get far enough away from the hole as to not put himself in danger. But it says the the simple just kind of passes on and is like ah look at that hole and gets close enough to it and fiddles around with it to where are kind of just messing with it. They end up in it not appreciating the danger of it, not recognizing, oh, this is a dangerous situation. And and I guess the the web is full of all the viral videos of people not appreciating the danger of the activity. And we've all appreciated the fact that they didn't because we got some some good laughs at it. But it's clear it's like, hey, this uh wait a minute, guy, I wouldn't be so close to that bridge. I wouldn't drive across that. That thing's flooding, right? What are you doing? Right? They just kind of Oh, they don't perceive the danger in it. And so a prudent man sees the evil. He sees that there there's something coming. He's able to use wisdom to say I I prepare for something and and to hide himself to avoid it. But the simple pass on it says and are punished. And this is a principle that revelation, when you have revelation, when you have wisdom and understanding, it equips you and gives you the ability to make decisions, to forecast, to respond to certain things, and to prepare and to make ready. And and it's not just in the context that a prudent man sees the evil and hides himself, but a prudent man sees the good and avails himself to it. So if something negative is going to happen, if you have wisdom, then you can avoid the ca the the ramifications of a negative event. Oh, you shouldn't do that. This is what happens. You prepare yourself. But then wisdom can also apprise you of an opportunity, of a blessing, of something that's right, the right kind of course of conduct, and then you can yield to that and avail yourself to that by wisdom and then benefit from it. Brother Bam says, "Every man that has ever had the spiritual revealed truth of the will of God makes preparation for the fulfilling." So whenever God reveals something to you, it causes you to act through the revelation of the word of God. Anyone who's ever received the revelation of the will of God has made ready for God's will to be fulfilled despite circumstance besid despite symptoms. If if you didn't have a limb and you were missing a limb and God gave you the revelation that that limb was going to grow back, you'd either go buy a shoe or go buy a glove because you knew it was coming. Right. Right. If you were only born with one foot and God gave you a revelation that you're going to grow another one, you wouldn't throw the other one out the next time you bought a pair of shoes. You say, "I need that one." Why? Because you would make ready for the fulfillment. You would be preparing yourself. That's what revelation does. Revelation produces positive action. Positive action. Even if it is, as it says, the prudent foresees evil and hides himself. But revelation produces positive action. It produces responsiveness. Right? It gives us the ability to act be by way of foreseeing things and understanding that something may happen, something may be coming. And let me just sew this seed and hear a little bit and and I'll just join my amen with that. It's chilly in this up here. I don't know how you feel at the back of the house, but the front of the house is chilly tonight. And uh I hope that doesn't put you to sleep. If you fall asleep, I'll take the responsibility for it and I'll wake you up. How's that? I'll just assume I did it. Hey, I'm sorry I put you to sleep. So, I'm just going to wake you up. But this is a this is a concept that's very very important as believers and I think the scripture teaches it teaches it perfectly. There's a difference in responding to something and reacting to something. That's right. And we need to be responsive to things, but our in responding, we want to do it in wisdom instead of just being knee-jerk. Many times when we react to something, we're not acting out of wisdom. It's more knee-jerk. It's more instinct. It's more reflex. But when you respond to something, it's a thoughtful consideration that you thought, well, if I if I act this way because of this action, as we could be say in science, every action produces an equal and opposite reaction. We say, well, this is the force with which I've been met with. If we just react, we can react scientifically and just bring the same intensity back at somebody. Somebody gets in your face and we just get right back in their fa face. But if we pause for a moment and we want to respond to it and we respond instead of react, we can diffuse the situation very quickly. But if we just kind of knee-jerk uh react to it, we can actually escalate it and before you know it, all we're dealing with is the fallout of the confrontation instead of addressing the real issue. And so if you have wisdom, you have the ability to be proactive instead of reactive. That's what godly wisdom will give you the ability to do to be more proactive instead of just reactive in the moment. And what wisdom, proactive wisdom affords you the opportunity is having used wisdom and being proactive. Then when the time comes and you need to be responsive, you're able to do that instead of just be reactive. And again, those are just some seeds I'm wanting to sew about principles that can be very very beneficial to us in our relationships because I'm I'm speaking even about family still. These are things that are excellent for our relationships. So, revelation produces a positive action, not a a knee-jerk reaction in the moment, but something that has responsiveness. There's wisdom attached to it. So, Proverbs is bringing it even to this conclusion. Proverbs 4:7, wisdom is the principal thing. Therefore, get wisdom. It's the principle thing. Therefore, get it. Get wisdom. And with all thy getting, get understanding. So, this is something that God says, if you lack it, ask for it. And if you ask for it, it'll make him happy that you ask and he'll give it to you liberally. Will not chide you for asking it. He will answer. And the Bible says it's the principle thing. What wisdom is the principal thing? Divine wisdom. What is what is it you should get? Not human understanding, not carnal knowledge, not things that relate to the flesh, but get divine wisdom. Wisdom is the principal thing. I I I would even liken it to this that the wisdom that's being lifted up in the scripture is even a natural wisdom that is harnessed by spiritual discernment. That we have a wisdom to even understand human nature. You have a wisdom to understand people and to uh an integrity and a decency of human uh a human integrity and an honesty and just even an uprightness of the of a of a man's mind and the way that he treats people and a wisdom that you can have in business affairs and wisdom you can have in natural things and I'm envious of people who can build stuff and and guy says, "Man, I really I really want to have a fireplace." And they don't go get bids. They just go go to buy and they get all the materials and they get all the tools and they build themselves a fireplace. I I really wanted a shed. Also, who built it for you? Somebody build me something? I just built it. And that what is that? That's a wisdom. That's an ability. That's a skill. And so those things are wonderful. But the wisdom the scriptur is talking about is when we can actually even have a natural wisdom that is harnessed by spiritual discernment. I'm not just wise in business affairs. I'm not just wise in the things of the world. I'm not just in tune with human nature. But there's a spiritual discernment and understanding that comes behind it and harnesses it and can really use it for good. Right? Not mind games and manipulation and not just how to win friends and influence people, but a real spiritual discernment that comes with it to take even natural wisdom and make it beneficial. And and conventional wisdom, as you hear conventional wisdom and things of that nature that speak of of just what prevails conventionally, if it's contrary to Christ, it's a false hope. Amen. even said this is conventional wisdom and this is what this is what man thinks and this is what man does. If it's contrary to Christ, it's a false hope. And that's where we need the spiritual discernment and understanding and knowledge and say this may be the wisdom that prevails and this may be what everyone else would do in this situation, but this is what the word says to do. Amen. And so we need wisdom. We need understanding. We're coming right back to a scripture we used when we began this whole thought of it's complicated. Isaiah 33:6. It says, "And wisdom and knowledge shall be the stability of thy times and strength of salvation. The fear of the Lord is his treasure." I hope it begins just to strike you a little bit differently this evening of just how applicable the scripture is. In the moment that you're living in, wisdom and knowledge is your stability. that if you lack it, that's what reco that's what causes the lack of rest is you don't have the wisdom and understanding. The fact that you don't have knowledge and understanding, the fact that you don't have wisdom of the situation is what makes you uneasy about it. That's just human nature. What's one of the greatest fears? The fears of the unknown, right? The fear of missing out because you think it could be this way. You're afraid it might be that way. But if you have knowledge and wisdom, you have wisdom and knowledge, it can be your strength of salvation. It can be your stability in whatever time you're living in. It's, as I mentioned last time, a contented mind is a continual feast. When your mind's at rest, you can feed on that. You can live on that. You can thrive on that. How are you going to have that? Through wisdom. Wisdom and knowledge is a stability. It's a strength. It's a guiding force. In Proverbs 24:es 3 and 4, scripture after scripture after scripture, we're not only highlighting the negative side of the word simple and to be simple minded, to be naive, to be foolish and open-minded. Now, we're contrasting it with real wisdom. And wisdom is the principal thing. And to get understanding with all you're getting and and now it says through wisdom, I'd love to amplify this more and more through multiple services. Through wisdom is a house builded and by understanding it is established and by knowledge shall all shall the chambers be filled with all precious and pleasant riches. How do you build a house? Through wisdom. How do you make sure it's secure? Through understanding. How do you fill it up? You fill it up with understanding. with knowledge. This is this is a scriptural principle that we can put into application by wisdom is a house built. A built house is a house that is uh um it the house is more than it's not the physical structure that's even being referred to here. But it speaks of a household or a family or even a life. So a house built is a to establish a family to build a household. It's a life. It's a home. It's a family. This is instructive to us whether it be our own lives as single people or lives as as just a a couple or as a family. We don't want to just have houses. We want to have homes because there's a difference. There's a difference between being having a house and having a home. I believe as men we can call ourselves home builders and as women we can be call ourselves homemakers that we want to achieve not just having a dwelling place but having a place of safety and comfort and rest and nourishment spiritually and naturally. And so there's a sense of belonging, a place wherein you know these are treasures that are being developed and cultivated. So a house is established and built and made firm. That speaks of your life. It speaks of a home. It speaks of a family. And so it's it says a house established. That means prepared or arranged to be made firm, stable, secure, something that's ordered. And I speaking of a house filled. So you have a house built, you have a house established, and a house filled to be satisfied, filled, complete. And what does it? Wisdom builds it. Understanding establishes it. And knowledge fills it. This is what builds a family. This is what establishes a life. This is what makes it fulfilling. Wisdom, understanding, and knowledge. I know it may seem a little bit cliche, but this is a reality. If you sense something lacking in your life, Lord, give me wisdom to properly build something. Give me this understanding to properly establish it. and give me knowledge to really make it fruitful and beneficial a and and full and make me feel like I I've achieved something a real genuine success and a spiritual accomplishment. It's by wisdom that's built. It's understanding that establish it and knowledge that fills it. And the words that are used in this proverbs is wisdom is skill or prudent. It means to be wise. Understanding speaks of intelligence and insight. Knowledge directly speaks of discernment and perception. You have to use discretion when filling this house. You want to use discernment. You want to have perception. If we even use the the analogy of what's kind of being pointed to here, that when someone builds a house, you use an architect to design it, an engineer to design it, you use a builder to build it, and then when you go to fill it, you get a home a designer, someone who can fill it up with all precious things and make everything right. And you want someone who has a particular taste and a and can be very sensitive to your style and what you want to do and they know just how to furnish it. So, however you want to think of that process in the natural of an architect, a builder and a and a home decor a person who comes in and can design a home, these are things that spiritually can be effective in your life. Wisdom will build it. Understanding will establish it. Knowledge will fill it. Amen. these very things of uh to use wisdom and knowledge that the wisdom and understanding. You could really say that understanding and wisdom in practice is the knowledge that's being talked about because it's perception. It's discernment. It's understanding and wisdom being used or exercised. And this is what's required for household management. This would be the number one uh requirement for managing a household for building a family. It's the number one uh uh requirement. It's what's required for marriage enrichment. In in two verses, we have a marriage enrichment seminar. And we could humble ourselves to it and say, "Well, if anything's going to be fixed, it's going to be through wisdom, understanding, and knowledge." A and before you make it too generic and too cliche, these things can be so literal and so practical to where if there's a if there's a way that we can begin to understand someone else and have a wisdom about someone else to where it can begin to change the dynamics and how you interact and relate to someone, even if they don't even pick up what's going on, but you do. And think of how beneficial that is even in raising children to be able just to understand where they're coming from to know what they're going through to get a sense of their frustration and how they're perceiving things. And I realized it myself many times when you ask your children to do something or or you you are making a request or you even tell them you need to do this and they and they don't do it and you think well just keep repeating it, right? Just keep repeating to them what you want them to do. But sometimes we need to take a step back and realize, well, that really was an ambiguous request. Please put this over there. You know exactly what this is and you know where over there is. But to somebody else, they might be like, "What are these? Where where's here and where's there?" But we just expect it. We demand it. We get very legalistic about it. When in reality, what we really need is an understanding of what this is and where over there is. And to take time to slow down enough to understand, oh, well, this is what they're seeing. This is how they're interacting. And so it's not really a moment to to uh dispense uh discipline and to spank somebody and ground them and take things away from, but it's a moment for you to change your approach and begin to think, you know what, I need to be more clear. I need to be more patient. I need to explain myself better. Not because they I'm giving in to them and making them the center of the discipline, but rather I'm understanding where they're coming from. Right. Kind of getting a little bit lost in a rabbit trail there, but this is what's required. Wisdom, understanding, and knowledge in relationships. And to build a home, to build a family, to raise children, to have uh to have relationships and marriages that are strengthened, we need wisdom, we need understanding, and we need knowledge. And in first kings chapter 3, God gave Solomon, and this is where we'll just go very quickly through this. God gave Solomon the opportunity to ask for anything. Verse five, he comes to him in a dream, says, "What do you want?" And in verses seven and 8, he acknowledges just how vast and great the kingdom is. This is your people. It's a great people. It's a wonderful people. And you've given me responsibility over them. And he's saying, "This is a vast kingdom. This is a precious people. These are your chosen. These are the greatest people on all the earth. And you've made me the leader and ruler over him and over them. And he says, "I am but a little child. I know not how to go out or come in." Solomon is saying, "I don't have the wisdom to rule these people correctly. I I I don't have the knowledge that these people require. I don't have the wisdom that these people need. I don't have the understanding of your people to be a good king. He's actually recognizing either deficiencies in his heart and things that lacked in his own heart and lacked in his own experience and say, "Lord, if I'm ever going to be a king worthy of this throne, I need the ability to govern properly." And we could feel that way about our marriages, about our responsibility in raising children, about the relationships we have with people. We can just be honest with ourselves. This is an awesome responsibility. And some of us have probably said even very recently, "I don't know if I'm up to the task. I feel like a failure. I don't know if I'm really called to this." Get those thoughts out of your mind. You've got this. God did not put you in that relationship because you're going to be a failure in that relationship. He did not give you children because you're not able to raise them. He trusts you. He's going to equip you. He's going to give you the things that you need. So, we do not despair. We do not get frustrated. We do not abandon our calling and and give over to this hopelessness. But we can't acknowledge, Lord, this is a great task. I don't feel up to it. Says, I'm but a little child. I don't have the wisdom. I don't have the discernment. I don't know how to go out or to come in. I don't know how to judge correctly. I don't know if this is the right thing, if that's the right thing to do. So, he asked in verse 9, give therefore thy servant an understanding heart to judge thy people, that I may discern between good and bad. For who is able to judge this thy so great a people? These people are worthy of the best. These people are worthy of righteousness. They're worth worthy of justice. So Lord, give me an understanding heart to judge thy people that I may discern between good and bad. It wasn't, Lord, make me right on everything. Make everybody believe what I say and let everybody do what I ask them to do. And Lord, just when I tell them to do something, may they do it. Lord, give me the respect of the people so that what I says goes. He didn't create this benevolent dictatorship. He didn't create this authoritarian figure that everyone would just do it. says, "Give me an understanding heart to do justice for your people." What did he become? He did not become egotistical about his role. He realized as a king, I'm a servant. Right? Therefore, your people deserve justice. Your people deserve to be treated fairly, and they deserve equity. So, give me an understanding heart to know your people to be sensitive to what they need. And therefore, I can judge them correctly. I can discern between good and ga bad because Lord, who who can rightly dispense justice to a great people as precious and noble as these. And as you continue to read, you see that Solomon, as God refers to it, he asked for understanding to discern judgment. This is what he wanted. Understanding to discern justice and what is right. He asks for knowledge to know the right thing to do. Isn't that a phrase that can pretty much sum up all of our conundrums? What's the right thing to do? Should I buy a Ford or a Chevy? Should I drink Pepsi or Coke? Right? Which diet should I go on? You You're asking yourself over and over and over again, what's the right thing to do? Which way should I go? And the Bible says that God gave him already in this dream. He's saying, I've given you, it's been given to you. I gave him a wise and understanding heart. This is what he was given, a wise and understand heart to faithfully fulfill his responsibility. And this is what we need to ask for. It's that simple. We can ask for this this spiritual insight, this God godly intuition, this discernment. Lord, give me wisdom. Give me discernment. Not as the king of Israel, but in whatever calling you're in. We don't have to judge a so great a people. But if you're a housewife, ask for this godly intuition. Ask for spiritual insight. Ask for this divine wisdom, knowledge, and understanding in whatever role you're in. You can ask for it as children. You can ask for it as a spouse. You can ask for it in whatever capacity you're in. God, give me wisdom. Give me spiritual insight. Lord, help me to be sensitive to what's taking place. I don't want to be clueless. Have you ever had the family member, they're not mean, they're just clueless, right? And you have to say, now look, I know it comes off as real selfish and real rude. They just don't realize there's other people. They're more clueless to how their behavior comes off. They're more clueless to, you know, let others go first and maybe that's not the right thing to do and that's really abrasive and wa that was really that was really rude. But it's just they're they're just not sensitive at all and they lack that and we should be asking God for that. And it's more necessary and ever because of the unique challenges we're facing more necessary than ever in the age that we're living in to have godly discernment, to have godly wisdom, to have a godly instinct and intuition. not learning and and and if it if the Rubik's cube analogy is misleading, listen, you're not going to memorize a bunch of algorithms to figure this one out. So only uses analogy to say that in order to solve them and to solve them efficiently, you learn, you recognize patterns and you implement the algorithm that is can address this pattern. There's certain moves you can do in repetition and it'll resolve the Rubik's cube. Well, in the Rubik's cube that is Le Oysia, you need godly wisdom. You you need a an algorithm that God is running. You need a spiritual intuition. You need a discernment to where this is God acting. It's an instinct on the inside. It comes from having the mind of Christ, not a a memorized list. You're not going to be Patrick Mahomes who looks at his wrist and says, "Okay, this is the play. That's the play. Okay, this is what we're going to do." And you have somebody telling you in your ear and and and figuring out because you've learned something, but rather you need the teacher on the inside. You need something giving you the wisdom, something giving you the insight. There's certainly an analogy to the instincts that these people have and their certain disciplines and the skill set that they use. Well, in whatever sense that they would point to it, you have it in the greatest and most wonderful sense that you can have the inside teacher telling you this is what you need to do. That's what you need to do. This is what's happening. This is what's not happening. We need it more than ever. This godly wisdom, this wisdom from above to handle the pressures of the age. Now, in the time that we have left this evening, and I'm running out of time, and so I'm definitely going to skip a few things and and come to um in and coming to a close, there's a phenomena called normal accidents. Any of heard of those? You might think, "Yeah, that's my life, brother Aaron. I'm just a regular everyday normal accident." But normal accidents are described this way. Modern systems are so complex that it's almost inevitable that some combination of minor failures will eventually amount to something catastrophic. So in one sense it might be kind of resigning to the fact that things are so complicated things or things are so complex that there's so many parts relying upon other parts that it's just inevitable for something to fail and there to be a catastrophe. And you just begin to think about even if uh if there was a Texan who's thinking about the power system and saying well how did we get to the place where all of us are without power we don't have water we don't have internet and the whole system crumbles and you realize that it's we rely upon so many different things and these things can be so complex modern systems are so complex that they say it's just inevitable that some combination of notice this minor failures nothing really big will result in something catastrophic. So, it's an accident or a mistake that results from just minor oversightes. Nothing really big, nothing really major. Not like somebody accidentally pushing the nuke button and and the, you know, atomic bomb blows up in Moscow. It's just something small here. Something small there. Just little things that build up and result in a catastrophe. And it doesn't even have to be gross negligence like, well, that was reckless behavior. You should have never done this. You should have never done that. But just small little decisions here and there. And the person that initiated or that came up with this theory and and wrote a book on it, at least it was a published study many many years ago. There was several different examples that he used of normal accidents. And a couple that seem very substantial that we might recall is one uh I I say might recall. I wouldn't expect very many to even remember a lot of these but or the two I'm going to use but three-mile island the catastrophe that happened at three-mile island it's the most significant nuclear accident or nuclear emergency in American history they say there were 30 just 30 minutes away from a significant major catastrophic nuclear meltdown one that would be on par uh to Chernobyl that you have this 30 minutes away at three-mile island and just and the effect and ramifications it could have had it took 14 years to clean it up at over $14 billion cost. So this was a very terrible, terrible accident. And this is how it was summarized. A major accident caused by five discreet events. There is no way the engineers in the control room could have ever known about any of them. No glaring errors or spectacularly bad decisions were made that exasperated those events. And all the malfunctions were in themselves so trivial that individually they would have created no more than a nuisance. What caused the accident was the way minor events unexpectedly interacted to create a major problem. Now, this might this might be very discouraging to think that, brother Aaron, are there many discreet events happening in my life that in themselves are they're just trivial and they're small malfunctions that nobody would be expected to catch, but they're eventually going to collide in such a way to where it's going to create a major problem. Yeah. Yeah. That's kind of what I'm implying. It's kind of scary, isn't it? Let me use another one just to make you a little bit more happy tonight. In the the Challenger explosion when the space shuttle exploded in 1986, and I know that we all remember that says, "No fundamental decision was made by NASA to do evil. Rather, a series of seemingly harmless decisions were made that incrementally moved the space agency toward a catastrophic outcome." You start going back through the the wreckage. You start going back through the decisions. You start examining everything very closely. What went wrong? What went wrong? You begin to see well that was seemed really innocuous at the time and that didn't really seem to matter and this decision is really not that glaring of a thing. But just over time it was no conscious decision to say you know what let's just keep our fingers crossed and see if it makes it and like well I guess that didn't work. No, they they thought everything they were doing they thought they were prudent. They thought they were wires about it. So there was no decision to do something that would result in a catastrophe. But all these seemingly harmless decisions built and incrementally added up to where it resulted in an explosion of a space shuttle and the loss of life. And they're saying the same thing with Three-Mile Island. You actually had a scenario where all the engineers in the room, none of them would be expected to say, "Hey, you see that happening? That's that's a disa recipe for disaster." Especially if this is happening and especially if that's happening. And someone be able to say, "Hey, whoa, wait a minute. I'm getting the sense that this reading is really not good with this reading. If these things are happening, something's out of control. Something's not right." And you'll find that in a lot of different situations, whether it be air traffic disasters or uh other complex systems where there's been a failure, it's not necessarily one big huge thing that was done, but it's these small little things, right? And processes that are in place that inhibit people to make the right decisions. And our lives can be just like this where we could say, well, the little spoes spoil the vine and all these different things. It could be all these just little things that begin to add up and it builds and builds and builds to where there's a there's a meltdown. There's something significant that happens and you take a step back and say, "Well, I didn't do this and I didn't do that and I didn't do this and I was doing this and I was doing that." But there was just little things maybe you're missing along the way. And so I don't share this with you to create fear. I'm not sharing these things with you to cause you to be fearful of any particular outcome, but to encourage you to seek godly wisdom above all, to ask God for wisdom, because he can give you the kind of intuition to where you can sense something's not right. He can give you the kind of wisdom to say, you know what, I don't think that's the right decision. And instead of us working from behind where we're always looking back and saying,"Well, shouldn't have done this. Shouldn't have done that." We can actually begin to look back and say, "I'm so glad that I had the wisdom at the time to do this. I'm so glad I had the wisdom at the time to do that." And maybe even some of you here tonight could pause just for a moment. Don't get lost in this thought and go back and say, "You know what? I was just doing what I thought was best at the time, but I realized now what I thought was the leading of the Lord was his mercy and his grace and was godly wisdom." Yes, sir. Had I stayed in that situation and I just felt this was the better thing to do. Had I subjected myself to that, this would have happened, that would have happened. And do you realize and look back that was the wisdom of God? And maybe we could look back and say there was times when we felt that God was dealing with our hearts to make a decision to do something and or to achieve something, whatever the language you might want to use to describe the scenario to where you feel that God is impressing upon you what is wisdom and you refuse that and you go forward in it. you realize, hey, I made a little bit of a mess of something. And my point is this, just by using this reference to normal accidents, and I'm I'm think I'm starting to get frostbite, so I'm going to close here real soon. I hope we're not paying the electric bill. My goodness, we take up another offering. Um, I know that was no, by no means am I asking for the heat to be turned on. So, I start sweating and I really feel like I'm preaching then. But my point is this by raising the issue of normal accidents is to get us to realize life is so complex anymore that just an oversight here and an oversight there and forgetting to do this and forgetting to do that. We're all feeling a little bit overwhelmed with world the world these days. I mean we there was a time you just you know you got in the car and you drove somewhere and we get you get the other side of town and you finally are doing your grocery run because you only do this and you got to drive 45 minutes. You got to fight traffic and you finally make it to Trader Joe's and you get out and you're like, I forgot my mask and you're asking people in the parking lot, do they give mask? Do they have mask in there? And you're wondering, did my will my shirt work? And you're trying to figure all sort you're rumaging through your car. Why? Because now you got to worry about a mask, right? And we're doing good just to make sure we have our wallets with us. And things just build and they build and they build and oh, I forgot about this. I forgot about that. It would be normal to have an accident. Right? Be normal to make a mistake. I express it in the way to where may we have grace for everyone else in this room to realize we're under enough pressure in this day and age to where we're prone to make a mistake. There's enough pressure to where we might not say the right thing to someone in a particular situation. We might tell a joke that may may offend somebody because we're not sensitive. We might make a comment. We might do something. We might say there's so many different scenarios we're all facing. Can we just look at one another and say, "You know what? I'm gonna have a little bit more grace and patience for my brother and for my sister. Realizing we're all under a lot of pressure and we'll say and do things sometimes that aren't normal and that will cause offense and that'll be an accident. Yes, sir. Let's not all use it as an excuse. Oops. Did I say that? That was an accident. That was that a normal accident? I'm so sorry. But we can have a little bit of grace to realize, hey, there's things that take place. There's things that transpire. There's things that's building. There's a pressure that's put on us. And so yes, I want to minister grace to the here today to we're acknowledging life is kings. There's pressure, pressure, pressure, pressure, but there's so many voices in the world. Do this, do that. So many things taking place that if we make mistakes, listen, God understands and he knows. He's not going to be to the hear by expressing that. But I also want to point out that we could we need to in times that we're living in ask for wisdom that is from above. I don't have time to go through it and I'm just going to skip it. But in James 3 13 to18, it speaks about a wisdom which is from above. A wisdom that is from above. This is what we want to have. We want to have a wisdom that is from above. We're making decisions every day in a world that's built by deception and driven by lust. It's the kind of world we're living in. So to make it in a world today, we need a wisdom that comes from above. Not the wisdom from beneath, the wisdom from below that is earthly, sensual, and devilish. But we need a wisdom from above. If you want to take time to res to read this scripture later in James 3 13-18 and consider family relationships, consider what's the secret to success. And you'll find it's wisdom, not force. It's wisdom. It's wisdom from above that's going to achieve the result that you want to have in your home. Not a more strict, rigid form of discipline, but understanding. Amen. grace, patience, knowledge, and wisdom. And if you ponder that, we're making decisions every day and this world that's chaotic, that's complex, a world that's driven by lust in first kings 3 16 to 27 as we read it in the beginning. I'm glad we read it in the beginning. soon after is the the next story after Solomon has asked for wisdom and God says I've given it to you. The story we're presented with and we're all very familiar with it is Solomon has to judge between two harlots who are claiming that a living child is theirs. And what we read about is Solomon's wisdom and judgment. We read about his response to a situation that was very very difficult. And it's a it's a she said she said. One claims the baby, the other claims the baby. And he realizes this is a difficult proposition. They're both harlots. One says it's her baby, the other says it's her baby. And this is the it just tells a story of a wisdom where in God's God had granted him wisdom to be able to judge this case correctly. And Solomon's wisdom was to say, "This is very hard. This is very difficult. Why don't you just bring me a sword and I'll divide the baby in half? Now, since we know the story, we we realize that was tremendous. That was great wisdom. And it was wisdom in the moment. It might not work now. Right? If someone comes and says, "Well, this was my toy. I had it first. Bring me a knife. We'll go ahead and cut it in half." And our kids are smart enough to say, "Well, don't do that. He can have it. You're going to let me have it." Right? You gonna let me have it. But at the time in the moment with the characters that he was facing, he had an understanding of human nature. He had an understanding of the instincts of a mother. In that moment, this was wisdom on display. So, we'll go ahead and take the baby and we'll see which one the baby responds to and we'll do all these empirical tests and we'll do this and we'll do that. He didn't have the ability to conduct a DNA test. That might be prudent in this day and age. will take the baby, put it with the foster family, have someone else care for it while we determine what the uh the maternity is is of this child. But in the moment, in the time that a decision to be made, he asked God to give him an understanding to discern judgment, to be able to understand people correctly and give them justice. And here he was faced in a situation where he did not want to crush a mother's heart. So having wisdom of how a mother would feel, he says, "Bring me a sword." And Solomon's wisdom in judgment was if we divide the baby in half, you both will get equal parts. And it brought out the mother and the real mother. And she said, 'W wait a minute. You know what? She can have the baby. And it brought out that evilness in the other one to say, "Fine, cut it in half. If we if we both can't, if only one of us can have it, then neither of us should have it." And immediately Solomon could discern and knew which one was the right one, which one was the mother. Now, we can't take the very exact uh circumstances of this story and just have that kind of request that we can in every situation. Okay, bring me a sword. And that's the way we solve things in our houses. I went out and got a really nice chainsaw and it's like all the Playmobil's cut in half, the beds cut in half, you know, everything's in half. It's like, well, you wanted it this way. This is the way we resolve arguments around here. But I want you to think about the dynamics that we can take from it and take a principle from it. And this needs to be our response in every situation. Bring me a sword. But not just a sword. Bring me the sword. In every situation, Lord, bring me the sword. Amen. That's what I need. I need the word that can rightly discern this situation. I need a discerning word. I need wisdom. Whenever you're faced with a situation with children, in a relationship, in a business, in a job, in the markets, whatever it might be, Lord, bring me a sword so I can rightly divide this situation. I can know the right thing to do. Lord, bring me discernment so I can sense what this other person's going through. Bring me discernment so I can understand better even what I'm dealing with. That can be our response as believers in every situation we're going through. Say, Lord, bring me the sword. Amen. That's the kind of response we can have. And just as we catch the visual of brother Brandham being out in the desert and lifting his hands up and a sword coming into his hand, a sword from above, I believe that we as God's children can lift our hands and say, "Lord, bring me the sword." And he can give you the king sword and can give you godly wisdom to face the challenges that all of us are going through that none of us are exempt from. If anybody here is exempt from challenges, I would love to take you to lunch tomorrow on me wherever you want to go. and I want to hear about your non-challenged life. And some of you saying, "Well, why don't you take us who are being challenged out for a free lunch?" Right? Because we would all get free lunch tomorrow. Should we just come here and cater in because we're all going through something. But those things are opportunities for victory. It's a guarantee of victory. So God God's word to you today is I understand. God tell he's telling you right now, I know what you're going through. I understand. But he also wants you to know I've given you something for what you're going through. It's wisdom and we can ask for it. So listen, give me a sword. We'll we'll pick up on some of these things later. Had a lot of really neat things to share with you. We'll have to share it some other time. If not in a church service, we'll do it in the in the millennium and I can take my my time. Some of you are thinking, "Yeah, a thousand years is about what it takes for you, brother Aaron." But I I would look forward to it. There's so many rich things in his word. Let's stand together as a congregation tonight. Thank you for your attentiveness, your pull on the word of God. This is what we can say as we go forward into the week. Bring me a sword. Whatever I'm going through, Lord, give me wisdom that is from above. James says it's first pure, then peaceable, gentle, easy to be entreated, full of mercy and good fruits, without partiality and without hypocrisy. That's what real wisdom is. If you could take these characteristics that the wisdom that is from above is pure, peaceable, gentle, easy to be entreated, full of mercy and good fruits, without partiality, without hypocrisy. You have something by which you can measure what's motivating you to do something. What's motivating you to say something? What's motivating you to react to something? You say, "Well, is this pure? Is this peaceable? What will this produce?" Does the Bible not teach us that a soft answer turneth away wrath? But what does the foolish person do? Just spews off at the mouth and makes it worse. But a soft answer turneth away wrath. that that doesn't mean to speak in a quiet tone, but it's something that's sensitive to the situation. And it can take something that's very agitated, something very frustrated, something boiling, something that's just right, coming to a place where it's going to blow up. It's going to be a Chernobyl. It's going to be a three- mile island. But all of a sudden, you have the kind of wisdom to say, "Hold on. I recognize what's happening here. These gauges are moving, and I know now I can approach this differently to avoid a catastrophe, to avoid a meltdown. Lord, bring us a sword. Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. Let that be your prayer tonight. Lord, give me this word, a discerning word, a spirit of wisdom and understanding that I might not use it. With your heads bowed, I I want to say this. It's not a sword so that you can leave someone bleeding. It's not a sword so you can attack somebody. It's not a sword so you can put your kids in their place. But a sword that can find right and divide it from wrong. A sword that's discerning. A sword that's understanding. A sword that's very precise and sensitive. Not a blunt instrument to cause damage, but a surgical instrument. Yes. To bring healing. Something very precise. something very direct. We want to know how to handle this sword, to use it for your glory, to promote healing, to rightly divide between right and wrong, that it could promote the right things. If that's your desire, you want to lift your hand. Maybe that hand, let it raise your dominant hand if you're right-handed. If you're left-handed, I'm just going to raise both because I'm ambidextrous and say, "Lord, give me a sword. Give me the word, Lord. Let me have this mind of Christ. I lift my hands to you. Let's pray. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, you told to Solomon in a dream, what do you want? And he considered his calling and said, Lord, considering my calling and the legacy I've been left and the responsibility I have to your people, I feel that I don't have the right kind of understanding and wisdom that your people deserve. So Lord, will you give me wisdom? Cuz I feel foolish. I feel naive. I feel like a child. Could you give me an understanding heart so I can know your people and when they bring their problems, I won't judge them harshly or incorrectly. When they come to me for wisdom, I can actually have wisdom that is brings the fruit of peace and achieves an equitable result. And Solomon asked for wisdom and understanding to discern justice. Lord, you said that he asked for the right thing, so you gave it to him. And you gave him to him in abundance more than any other king had. And because he asked for the right thing, you actually blessed him and prospered him as a man and as a king naturally. And Lord, as we see that wisdom exercised in a difficult situation, facing a mother and a supposed mother, how do we determine, how do we decide? You gave him wisdom for the moment. And he said, "Bring me a sword." And tonight, Father, I stand here and I say, Lord, I need your sword. I need your word for what I'm going through. And I ask for the sword of your word to be placed into this hand of faith to use it, Lord, not just in life generally, but for right now, the season I'm in, the battle I'm in, the fight that's raging. Lord, give me the wisdom that I need. And Father, with this sword and with this word, I believe that a hand of faith will know how to use it and rightly divide between right and wrong and not be a child anymore, but can discern between good and evil and know how to go out into how to come in. May we, Father, receive wisdom which is from above. We ask for it, Lord, and ask it for your people that tonight. I trust it's ministered grace to the hear. And may it create an awareness and a longing for godly wisdom. Commit the people to you tonight, praying that you bless us. Thank you for the word, wisdom to rightly divide truth. In the name Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. [Music]
