################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2022-01-26 - 03 Barriers and Boundaries - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2022-01-26
Title:   03 Barriers and Boundaries
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fomEzNxU4tQ
========================================

Description:
03 Barriers and Boundaries  (A Boundless God)
Wednesday Service: January 26, 2022
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
continue on the subject of barriers and boundaries. And again, tonight we're not going to have much time maybe to recap the first couple services, but I think this can stand alone, but I really desired that we could just concentrate for the moments that we do have together this evening uh on this subject matter. Zechariah chapter 2 and verse one, it says, I lifted up my eyes again and looked and behold a man with a measuring line in his hand. Then said I, whether goest thou? And he said unto me, to measure Jerusalem, to see what is the breadth thereof, and what is the length thereof? And behold, the angel that talked with me went forth. And another angel went out to meet him, and said unto him, Run, speak to this young man, saying, Jerusalem shall be inhabited as towns without walls, for the multitude of men and cattle therein. For I, saith the Lord, will be unto her a wall of fire round, and will be the glory in the midst of her. Wow. Praise the Lord. Amen. You can be seated. [clears throat] I just I'd like to give maybe some uh comments here at the outset just to reset some of the things we've been talking about. Just some maybe some phrases so that we're all on the same page. And we recognize this in the word of God. And I believe brother Brandham does a masterful job in many different instances to express this characteristic of God. But God is a God of boundaries. And what we could say that we're looking at is a God who is a God of boundaries. But yet uh if I could put it this way, it's paradox. I think in my mind, I keep seeing different paradoxes and maybe you'll see it the same way. But we're tapping into God's God's unlimited resources by respecting his boundaries. And so there's something unlimited about God. But yet we can't even begin to grasp him unless we recognize him. How he limits himself. And God, what made God so great is he could humble himself. He can make himself so small. And so that's uh maybe part of what our thesis statement is is God is a God of boundaries. And yet he's a God that's unlimited. And that's probably what we're going to be looking at tonight is this boundless God. and how that if we want to experience this God, if we want to uh uh enjoy all that he has for us, we're going to have to respect his limits. And I think that might again sound to be a little bit odd to say God has a limit, but yet the hopefully this word will kind of set us straight in that. And God is the one who sets boundaries and he respects boundaries. This is the nature of God. It's a characteristic of God. And I want you to be able to recognize that God is one that sets boundaries, but then God is also one that's going to respect boundaries. And it's Satan that sets barriers. Satan sets barriers and he disrespects boundaries. So respecting boundaries is a characteristic of God. Uh disrespecting boundaries is a characteristic of Satan. And so God is one who sets boundaries. But it's the devil who sets barriers. The the devil really doesn't have a say in limits. He doesn't really have a say in terms of how far something can go. He doesn't He can only pervert. He cannot create. So God can establish a boundary. If if the devil sets something up and he's setting up a wall or he sets some bull work up or he's building something, you might as well just call what he's building a barrier because he can't set boundaries. It's not in Satan's character. And on Sunday, we were looking at different instances in the scripture and asking ourselves, is this a boundary or is it a barrier? And we could find that God's boundaries are Satan's barriers. In other words, God sets a boundary by his word. And this is something that becomes a barrier to Satan. It limits Satan's access to you. And we know that there's a hidden life of Christ that you can be so deep in Christ that the devil doesn't know how to get to you. That the devil can't get to you. And so there is something that limits Satan's power. There's something that limits his access to you. And that wouldn't be a cage to you or wouldn't be bondage to you. It would be a protective barrier of God's word. So God's boundaries are protective barriers to the enemy. to you when you look at it. Don't ever look at the word of God as a barrier. Don't ever look at it as a wall or a chain or or something that's holding you in. But God's boundaries are protective barriers to keep us safe, keeping something out. And it's ensuring the right kind of nurture so that we can grow to what he's called us to be. We want to be 100%. Whatever it is God's called us to be, we want to be 100% hundo as we say in my hood. And that's what we want to do. We want to grow to to 100 and we want to express all that God wants us to be. And we're not going to be able to do that except in our place. We're only going to be able to do that where God has called us to be. And so the paradox is that God uses boundaries to express his unlimited power in his boundless love. So God is unlimited. And and we're just going to emphasize that over and over again tonight. God is unlimited, but yet he uses boundaries to express his unlimited power. He's going to use boundaries to express his boundless love. In Job 36:es 22-23 he says and Elohu I believe speaking says behold God exaltth by his power who teaches like him who hath enjoined him his way or who can say thou hast wrought iniquity. This is a lesson in which whatever God says is truth whatever he does is just right. This is the nature of God. No one can say you what you have done is iniquity. What you have done is unfair. God is not bound by our sense of fairness. Whatever he does, he has he's just to do it. He's right in all of his ways. And and the what's expressed in verse 22 and in verse 23 kind of amplifying is God exaltth by his power who teacheth like him. God's power in other words is unlimited. He needs no teachers. He cannot be guided. He cannot be prohibited. He cannot be led to do something nor can he be stopped from doing something. This is a verse that's kind of expressing that God is unlimited in his power. No one can stop him. No one can guide him. No one can tell him what to do. Brother Brandham says in one place, if you don't know all things, you have a limited god. So he's talking about his uh power to predestinate, his power to elect, his power for a nation by fornowledge. If you don't know all things, you have a limited god. You've made him finite like you and I. But God is unlimited. God's power, God's knowledge, everything. He's the omnipotent. This is what God is. He is He is omnipotent. He is unlimited. His power, his knowledge, everything. It's all powerful. It's all knowing. A very familiar uh series of sermons that Brother Brandham preached to us. Absolute and absolute, a absolute. Those sermons where brother Bram's preaching about the absolute. Brother Brham says God is the absolute. So the word is the absolute. And we see these expressions and these phrases. But brother Brandham begins these sermons by defining what an absolute is. And he uses Webster's definition. And that definition, I looked it up in the more modern uh Webster's dictionary, and it means completely free from restraint. And there's several different definitions that are given for it, but completely free from restraint. No restriction, no exception, uh no qualification. Say he's the absolute best. That means there's no one like him or he's the that's the absolute best thing I've ever tasted. You're not qual there's no qualification. There's no restriction. There's no no limitations on it. So to be completely free from restraint, God is the absolute. And brother Bam says this in an absolute. He says Webster says it's perfect in itself and speaking of an absolute unlimited in its power primarily an ultimate. See unlimited in its power, perfect in itself. And it really is an ultimate. the word absolute and and I I wanted to use this statement because what he says next and I like to say this and trust that you'll catch these words because I'm not a trained clergyman in how to and the psychological way to bring a fascinating something that would hold the people. The only thing I do I'm so glad that he could say that and be honest. He's not a clergyman who uses psychology to bind us and to hold us. He says, "The only thing I do is try to do the best that I can on account of the friends that Christ has given me, and I want them to see what my thought is about Christ." Isn't that beautiful? These these sermons he preaches on an absolute and what he's speaking here on an absolute. He's defining that is something unlimited in its power. An absolute is something that's not restrained or restricted. There's no qualification. You cannot qualify God the absolute. He says, "I want you to see." Now, I'm kind of paraphrasing. I want them to see what my thought is about Christ. To say that God is the absolute. The word is the absolute. Christ is the absolute. He's trying to convey to us his thoughts about Christ. So, even using this definition that he pulls from Webster to use this phrase perfect in itself, unlimited in its power. He's wanting us to know something about Christ. So, we could Christ who is the word is limitless in his power. It goes beyond all human bounds. There's no there's nothing that we could construct to keep God out as it were. Uh there there's no nothing no framework that we could use to to limit God or to bring him down or to lift him high. He's not restrained by these things. Brother M says regardless of the price, this is kind of just encouraging the believer. Move on. Keep going on with God. Deeper waters, deeper experiences, more love. There's no limit to it. It's unlimited. That's what he's saying about the word you believe him. The experience you've had with Christ, we can look back say this has been a really good 32 years. It gets better. Amen. And if anybody's kind of experiencing some doldrums, it seems like it's kind of planed out and you're and maybe you're just kind of caught where it's not growing right now. Don't fret. Don't worry. It does get better. No matter where you what you've experienced in God, it gets richer. It gets deeper. Deeper experiences more love. There is no limit. It is unlimited. So if we could say that about God just in these few things, Job talking about how God's power is unlimited. No one can guide him, no one can prohibit him. Brother Ram says God is unlimited. And he says God is the absolute perfect in himself unlimited in his power and there's no limit to God to to deeper waters, deeper experiences, more love. It's unlimited. Then I then I want you to think about the term barrier as we've defined them separately. A boundary is something that sets the further extent of something. It's what sets the limits of something. But a barrier is anything that obstructs an entrance. And so let's look at a barrier is anything that obstructs the entrance into God's unlimited word. These things that we're talking about God. God is unlimited. God is boundless. These are the things are God's character. So a barrier would be something that keeps you from deeper waters, deeper experiences, more love because there's no limit to it. That's what a barrier, we're using barrier to kind of phrase anything that obstructs our going forward in or experiencing or even entering into God's unlimited word. A barrier is any any obstacle that hinders or impedes our enjoyment of God's promises. Just taking this phrase a barrier and it's anything that obstructs, it's an obstacle, something that impedes anything that keeps you from entering into or fully enjoying the promises of God. Then we could say the promises of God are the boundaries. Just as God gave Israel these these boundaries that they were to possess. Just as God gave Adam certain boundaries and certain limitations not to limit him but to give him a framework to express himself. Uh God God barriers work against God's boundaries. Now if you could turn look with me at first Kings chapter 8 verse 27. I just want to use this very quickly but kind of pull a thought out of it that so uh I I believe is very astounding and the question is being pondered but will God indeed dwell on the earth who's the building of the temple the desire to build the temple behold the heaven and heaven and heaven of the heavens cannot contain thee isn't that an interesting phrase as it's being expressed it's the heaven of heavens cannot heaven and the heaven of heavens cannot contain thee. And then the question is how much less this house that I have built. Heaven and heaven of heavens cannot measure thee. It cannot hold you in. You're just this limitous limitless god. You fill all time and space. Your expanse is as far as the universe is. And then beyond that, how can it measure you? How can it hold you in? He says, "How much less this house then? I'm building you this house. How is this going to be something that contains you?" And now, as we mentioned on Sunday, boundaries are something that mark jurisdictions. And so, you look at a property line. A boundary is given to mark the end of a property. And so, that would tell um the city or or maybe a trespasser or your neighbor that this is my responsibility. You're not to cross this or you can't grow something or build something. or in a lot of the HOAs or the city governments that we're subject to uh boundaries of what forms the area that they're going to find us if the weeds get over three and a half inches even that half you got to make sure you knock it down. Why? Because you're responsible for it and there's these bound it's a jurisdiction that you have control over it. It identifies city governments and a and the extent of the power and authority for those who are in charge. It it speaks of responsibility. And so this God who fills all time and space, but now Solomon's saying, "I want to build this house. I'm going to build this house, but how is it that it can contain you? How is this? How can this be something that marks your borders or your boundaries?" Brother Bam says, "And how can I overcome?" He says, "As Christ is the rule," and he's quoting from, "Will I revelation 3 will I grant to sit with me in my throne?" As Christ is a ruler, throne ruler at this time of the complete domain of God. So will the church be with him. The bride be with him in his throne in the entire domain. Not on my throne but in my throne. See where his domain reaches. A throne is over a domain. And a domain reaches just as far as its boundary boundaries do. And this is from eternity to eternity. Notice in in first kings it's looking at a god and says the heaven and heaven of heavens cannot contain you. Brother randomly speaking about a dominion and a throne and how we'll reign with him in his throne. Not on the throne but in his throne. He says that's the domain of God and his domain goes as far as his boundaries. And his boundaries are from eternity to eternity. In other words, it doesn't know an end. His kingdom shall know no end. HIS GLORY SHALL KNOW NO BOUNDS. HIS MAJESTY AND POWER IS FOREVER AND EVER. To even think that as God unfolds himself, you could give him an eternity and not all of him has unfolded. Amen. Because this is just the the character of God. But if you catch what the the writer in First Kings is referring to and what Psalm is expressing, how much less this house that I have builded, this boundless God is still willing to be contained within a boundary. He's still willing to identify in a place that he'll put his name in a place that he's going to bury in his presence will dwell. And he even speaks how there between the cherubam will I will I come and dwell and I'll make myself known. This is a God who fills all time and space and the heavens cannot contain. Yet he's willing to come down in an expression so that he can be felt. An expression to a prophet Moses so he can be seen. an expression there behind the badger skins and there in the holiest of holies so that he can be there upon the altar of God and upon the mercy seat to declare his presence in in amongst Israel. This is part of God's desire. Now, if you could again just uh you're doing wonderfully in and concentrating, but focus with me as we look at Zechariah chapter 2:es 1:5. Just be very deliberate in how you process the words that I'm using tonight. And Zechariah chapter 2 1:5 he says, "I lifted up mine eyes again and looked and behold a man with a measuring line in his hand." So he's got his he's got his tape. He's going to go measure. He says, "Then said I, with thou goest thou?" And he said unto me to measure Jerusalem to see what is the breadth thereof and what is the length thereof. This timing of um Zachchariah is a distressing time. You have these fugitives who've been taken out of Jerusalem uh in Babylon and their captives and even those that would be returning would come to see that Jerusalem is far from the glory that it once held. She her walls are torn down. She's a city in ruin. So it's a very distressing time. But this one is going to go forth to measure Jerusalem. And behold, the angel that talked with me went forth, and another angel went out to meet him, and said unto him, now this is to be a word of encouragement to those who are going to see a city in ruins. Ron, speak to this young man, saying, Jerusalem shall be inhabited as towns without walls. This is an interesting phrase to the people at this time. You would not have a town without a wall. You would not have a Jerusalem without walls. You would not have a city without walls. It was unknown, unheard of in this time that there would actually be walls as it says uh for the multitude of men and cattle therein. Say if you're going to have men, if you're going to have cattle, you need walls. You need barriers. You need things to keep them in. But the scripture saying, "Jerusalem shall be inhabit inhabited as towns without walls for the multitude of men and cattle therein. For I, sayeth the Lord, will be unto her a wall of fire round about, and will be the glory in the midst of her." God gives Zachchariah a vision. And through these words that are spoken, he's given them this vision of a spiritual city without walls. Restoration of Jerusalem to fit these parameters never actually happened literally in the times of Israel and even the times of restoration of the ne under Nehemiah. But yet God is saying Jerusalem shall be inhabited as a town without walls. Think of this in a spiritual sense, something without borders. A city without boundaries speaks of the boundless word of God. To say that Jerusalem will be inhabited as a town without walls, without borders or or without these physical boundaries is talking about the unlimited power of God. Even speaking about the bride, which in a spiritual sense you can't measure. We cannot measure the things that God God is doing in our midst right now. If we tried to measure it, quantify it, qualify it, we'd find ourselves on a fool's errand because man cannot measure quantify or qualify the greatness of God. So, he's talking about a city that's not going to have boundaries. It's speaking about a God which is boundless who has unlimited power and is saying that God is going to be around it but also within it. And to say Jerusalem shall be dwelt in as a town without walls, it's painting a picture of an open city uh capable of endless expansion, a city without need of defenses to keep others out. But in order to contain it all, it must not have any walls. But it says God would be the wall of fire about the inhabitants. So not only is he in a wall about them to protect them, but he's also dwelling, his glory is dwelling in the midst of them, within them. As this one is running forth with a measuring line in his hand to measure Jerusalem to see what the breadth thereof is and the length thereof, it was something that could not be measured, something that could not be limited, something that couldn't be contained. Uh uh but yet it would be something with a boundary. So, on one hand, and I know I'm kind of expressing a paradox, on one hand, it doesn't have any walls. It doesn't seem to have any limits. It speaks of this unlimited God, but yet God says he's going to be a WALL OF FIRE ABOUT HER. YET, IT STILL HAS a boundary. And what I'm wanting to kind of zero in on is this paradox of finding the borderline into an infinite God. A a place where you can enter into where this God is. A place that you can find where he dwells. Even though he he is great and he extends beyond all boundaries or barriers and he's perfect and unlimited in his power and all these things we've been expressing about this BOUNDLESS GOD, THERE'S A WAY THAT we have to find the borderline where God is and find where he dwells and where he manifests himself in order to know him. In Isaiah chapter 61, it says, "Thus sayeth the Lord, the heaven is my throne and the earth is my foottool." In a way, it kind of measures his domain and his kingdom. The earth is my foottool but heaven is my throne. Where is the house that you build unto me and where is the place of my rest? IN OTHER WORDS, HOW CAN GOD be contained? How is it that God could dwell in a house? It it almost in one sense I think the scriptures even go to such lengths even as it's expressed in first kings 8. How is a how is a temple gonna tabernacle God? How is God gonna dwell behind tents? How is he going to make himself known within a physical building? Why would he constrain himself or limit himself? So, how can God be contained? How can he dwell? Uh where's the place of my rest? What kind of what how is he going to build me? But yet, God chooses boundaries to show his glory. He could have chosen the amphitheater of the sky alone to declare himself. He could have just uh let it rest in in in astronomy to try to figure it out or even science and technology to look at the expanse of the universe and to believe that God has created and then see his magnitude and his greatness and his glory. But yet God chooses to confine himself and to dwell into something in order to make himself known. God is the absolute. He's unlimited. He's omnipotent. There's no limit to him. He is it's us that limit him. It's us that limits his power. It's us that limits his presence. It says in Colossians chapter 1 19, for it pleased the father that in him, speaking of Jesus Christ, should dwell should all fullness dwell. This is remarkable that in Jesus Christ there's something that the fullness of God dwelt in him. Colossians 2:9, for in him, speaking again of JESUS CHRIST, DWELLETH ALL THE FULLNESS OF THE GODHEAD, in a bodily image, in a corporal image, for in him dwelleth ALL THE FULLNESS OF THE Godhead bodily. Bodily, this body uh uh contained the fullness of the Godhead. And and I I'd like to touch on it in uh in more time. We recognize that Christ, WE'RE TAUGHT THAT JESUS CHRIST HAD God without measure. And we have him by measure. But that doesn't limit God. It's an expression of truth. It's expression of reality. But yet it's not limiting God. But in Christ dwelt all the fullness of the Godhead in a body in the body of Christ. And it pleased the father. His son all the fullness OF GOD WOULD DWELL. SO GOD IS so great. Who the heaven and the heaven of heavens could not contain him. BUT YET THE A BODY HAD BEEN PREPARED FOR HIM to express himself through. And this GOD THAT FILLS ALL TIME AND SPACE, THAT IS ETERNAL, THAT HAS NO BEGINNING AND NO END, would actually choose a SON THAT WAS BORN of a woman that they SAY, "WE COULD GO BACK TO THIS TIME WHEN YOU WERE BORN. WE COULD WE KNOW YOUR FATHER, WE KNOW YOUR MOTHER, WE KNOW YOUR BROTHERS, WE KNOW YOUR SISTERS. THEY'RE ALL STILL YET WITH US. and these we know. BUT YET GOD CHOOSES TO HUMBLE HIMSELF AND CONDESCEND TO DWELL WITHIN THE CONFINES OF A MEEK AND LOWLY. AND LET'S JUST READ IT HOW THE SCRIPTURES SPEAK OF IT. AN UNCUMBLY RE A MAN WHO IS WITHOUT ANY BEAUTY, despised and rejected. God chose to to constrain himself and humble himself within those those terms. And what's the danger of mankind? Are always looking for something great. And in looking for something great, you look right over the top of it. Everyone's looking, oh, that seventh seal. Oh, the third pull. Oh, that these things. IT'S GOING TO BE SO AMAZING. And you're looking right over the top of it because it's in simplicity. Now, with with that as a kind of a building block, I want to take a little bit of a turn here and express this that God is a God of boundaries. And then God chooses to now bind himself or bind to be bound within the framework of Christ. And then we we recognize now he's in his body which is the church. He's in his bride. But in looking at God as having boundaries, a boundary doesn't necessarily mean you cannot ever enter. Are you listening? If there's a boundary, A BOUNDARY ITSELF DOES NOT MEAN YOU can never enter in. If you put up a boundary, that doesn't mean no entrance whatsoever at any time. But a boundary will have an appropriate place of entrance. You put up a wall and what do you put there if you want people to enter? A gate. You build a house. A house has four walls at least. And you'd find that if you want to ever get into that house, you're going to have doors. Right? So, we recognize that when it comes to boundaries, boundaries have entry points. And and that's what this boundary is declaring. You have a wall, but then you have a gate. And it's telling you don't climb over the wall. Don't dig under the wall. Don't tear down the wall. come through the gate. And so THERE'S THIS IS HOW THAT IT WORKS. When you look at a boundary, the boundary itself is not a barrier, but it the boundary if it's to be entered into, it's going to have an appropriate place where you approach it and enter in. For example, when you come to someone's house, IF YOU WANT TO FIND OUT IF THEY'RE HOME, YOU DON'T GO PEEKING in windows, right? You could take this to examine your own personal relationships just using this allegory of peeking in windows. You don't you don't go peeking in windows. Well, I wonder if they're home. Well, well, let's just go around the back and peek in the window. No, you knock on the door. You don't just open the door and say, "Hey, is anybody home? Are you here?" YOU RESPECT THAT BOUND, THAT BORDER THAT'S put there. And the door is put there as an appropriate place to gain entrance into this HOUSE THAT IS WALLED AND THIS HOUSE THAT HAS THESE BOUNDARIES BECAUSE THAT'S respecting those parameters that been put in place. THE PRIVACY, HOWEVER YOU WANT TO LOOK AT IT. I'm wanting you to think how THAT IF GOD HAS A BOUNDARY, he's a God THAT IS ACCESSIBLE, BUT YOU can only access him through his entry points. You're not going to be able to beat on the wall and God's going to say, "Okay, fine. I'll tear down the wall." You're not going to try to run high run fast enough to be able to leap over it. You're not going to dig deep enough to get under it. If you're going to get access and come inside the boundaries and the PROTECTIVE HAVEN OF GOD'S WORD, YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE TO FIND THE PLACE WHERE YOU CAN ENTER IN. And in John chapter 14, I really would like for you to ponder that a little bit more in terms of uh uh these things where you have there's things that we just respect and they're boundaries. I I just feel maybe to make reference to this. Um when when you visit someone's home and you need to wash your hands, you don't ask him, "Where's the master bathroom?" Right? Right. Please tell me you're not all like my brother. that there's just there's just certain THINGS YOU WOULD RESPECT. YOU KNOW WHAT? THAT'S the master bathroom. Where's the guest bathroom? I'd like to use the guest bathroom. And and there's certain things you just don't take the liberty TO DO IN SOMEONE ELSE'S HOME THAT YOU MIGHT otherwise uh do in your own home. And some people say measure better ponder that before you sell it somebody that oh this is my house. I can do whatever I want. And then they'll just take advantage of it. But we realize that we find ourselves respecting certain things about homes because there's there's parameters. There's frameworks. There's there's a the right way to do something. In John 14:6, Jesus saith unto him, "I am the way, the truth, and the life. No man cometh unto the father but by me." He's speaking of an everpresent God and how you can access him. In other words, this is a God who feels all time and space. THIS IS AN ALL KNOWING GOD. This is an omnipotent God. This is a God that knows our thoughts. This is a God THAT KNOWS JUST HOW MANY time a sparrow is going to flap its wings. He knows how many times you're going to bat the eye. He knows how many apples are in the seed. This is a God that knows everything. And this is a God that's just pervasive in everything. And so you think, well, if God's just there, then I can just reach out and touch him, right? I should just be able to have access to this God at any moment, at any time. But Jesus is saying, I am the way. I am the truth and the life. No man can come to this limitless God. No man can begin to KNOW THIS GOD EXCEPT I REVEAL HIM FIRST. and you know HIM FIRST AND COME TO HIM FIRST by me. He's speaking about access to this boundless God. So God's boundaries as we've elicited God has boundaries and he's within the bounds of his word. He has an interest entrance. You just need to find the appropriate place to enter. That's why just not every church is an entrance into Christ. In John chapter 10 7-10, then said Jesus unto them again, verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep. So God has boundaries and God has walls and God sets parameters. Thank God there's a door. Otherwise, it'd be this walled God, this this bordered off God, THIS CLOSED OFF GOD. I'VE GOT NO WAY TO ACCESS HIM. I GOT NO WAY TO COME TO HIM. I GOT NO DAYSMAN UH THAT can bring me INTO AUDIENCE WITH GOD AND PUT ME IN THE PRESENCE OF THIS GOD AND introduce me and allow us to communicate. BUT CHRIST BECOMES THE ONE WHO IS THE WAY TO THE FATHER. AND HE SAYS, I AM THE DOOR OF THE SHEEP. All that ever came before me are thieves and robbers, but the sheep did not hear them. I am the door. By me, if any man enter in, he shall be saved and shall go in and out and find pasture. It's by Christ. THIS IS THE ONLY PLACE YOU'RE FED. THIS IS THE ONLY place you're led. This is the only place you find the comfort and safety and the rest and the nurture of the shepherd. The thief cometh not but for to steal and to kill and to destroy. That's why you need a shepherd who stands Christ even in this image of a shepherd the door of the sheep. I am come that they the sheep might have life and that they might have it more abundantly. This is Christ then who becomes the entrance into this limitless God. I I realize maybe I'm just taking these um little mini thoughts and building them together and we could amplify that to to a much larger extent. But here's a God then that is without limits. But then God is going to make himself available to us and it's going to be through Jesus Christ. That's the access. That's the door. That's the point of entry. That's the door, the gate into within the boundaries of God. But it's Satan who wants to put up barriers to the entrance into this word. Why? The word keeps Satan out. So if you ever can get in the word, he can't get to you. So what Satan wants to do is just kind of keep us huddled on the outside. He wants to have barriers from you entering into the word. And we are living in a time where all man-made barriers are torn down. If I could put it this way, if there's any man-made barrier holding you back, it it's uh it's a bluff. If there's any man-made uh um uh structure or system or framework that's keeping you from entering into everything in God's word, it's something that God has already made lifeless. It it it's lying to you. any kind of intimidation, any kind of fear, any kind of manipulation, control or abuse that would bind God's people to a personality or to politics or some system. They're all lifeless. They're all blust because God's word has been made fully available to his bride. And the only thing that's keeping you back is NOT TIMING, IS NOT PROPHECY. Because we can look at so many things in God's word and says, "Yes, it was an ONCOMING PROMISE, BUT NOW IT'S HISTORY. NOW IT'S BEEN FULFILLED." If if I could put it this way, the church is no LONGER RESTRAINED BY PROPHECIES WITHIN THE FRAMEWORK OF THE SEVEN church ages. But we've arrived at a time where EVERY PROMISE THAT GOD HAD TOWARDS HIS BRIDE AND TOWARDS UH THE CHURCH FOR A RAPTURE HAS BEEN POURED OUT UPON HER. AND THERE'S NOTHING THAT IS BEING WITHHELD FROM US BY GOD. AMEN. AND SO IF SATAN IS THE LI IS SAYING THAT GOD HAS WITHHELD HIMSELF, GOD HAS WITHDRAWN SOMETHING, GOD IS HOLDING SOMETHING FOR AN EIGHTH MESSENGER, GOD IS HOLDING SOMETHING BACK FOR ANOTHER REVIVAL, THOSE ARE ALL LIES OF THE DEVIL BECAUSE GOD HAS POURED OUT ALL THE BLESSINGS AND BENEFITS WE NEED TO TOTALLY OVERCOME Leodysia and actually take a step out of here and do a body change. It's all available to us there. There are no God-given barriers to that. There is no God God-given boundary to that. It says, "Nope, that door's closed. You got to wait for prophecy." When we look at the at the time when the children of Israel gathered into the upper room, excuse me, when the disciples gathered into the upper room and he said, "Go there, tarry there until what?" Till the fullness of time would come, until the day of Pentecost was fully come. What? That was according to a boundary that God HAD SET BY HIS WORD. And the promise would come at that time. They couldn't pray it down beforehand. AND THEY COULDN'T STOP IT IN THAT MOMENT WHEN it came. And so once that came, brother Brandham teaches us that from that moment on, every age is the age of the Holy Ghost to the believer because now the promise had been given because the time came. We're also living in a time when the time has come. There is no more delay. We're not looking at our clocks. Listen, we know that Israel is a time piece. ISRAEL IS A CALENDAR, BUT DON'T BE LOOKING AT HER to signal TO US THAT IT'S TIME TO GET OUT OF HERE. WE'VE ALREADY SEEN THE SIGNS. WE'VE ALREADY HEARD THE VOICE. WE KNOW IT'S THE RAPTURE TIME. WE KNOW THAT WE'RE LIVING IN A TIME WHERE WE'VE GOT TO GET OUT OF THE WAY FOR GOD TO DO WHAT HE WANTS TO DO TO ISRAEL. SO, we don't we're not we're not, well, is Israel going to get this done? Is Israel going to get that done? There's a lot of fun things to talk about when it comes to Israel, but our eyes have to be on the word for us. What a beautiful uh uh parallel that brother Brown brings in recognizing your day and its message. And he's talking about Israel and like recognize your day and its message. If these are the things that are going to be turning to the Jews very shortly, then there's got to be something in the word of God for the bride that he's doing to bring Christ to Israel. One of those sermons that has that dual meaning to us is feast of the trumpets. And because the promise of today, listen, we can go beyond all barriers into the boundless word of God. We can go beyond all barriers into the boundaries, the confines of an unlimited God. and feast of the trumpets. He says the church world rejects Christ and he's put on the outside. Remember that image and the same seal when it's opened to show Jesus on the outside of the church trying to get back in. At the same time, the trumpet sounds for the Jews and the Jews recognize the atonement. Says, "Glory, hallelujah, oh my." There's a lot that he's expressing in this season and these events that take place under that seal. He says, "The Holy Spirit," this is the part I want you to see. the Holy Spirit has been bound by these denominational rivers for almost 2,000 years. So, there's actually been something holding him back. And he says, "But is to be loosed in the evening time by the evening time message." We've received a message that has removed whatever was holding him back. Removed whatever prophecies, whatever scripture, whatever man-made barriers, whatever chains, whatever it is has been holding him back. these denominational RIVERS HOLDING BACK CHRIST. HOLDING BACK THE HOLY SPIRIT, THE HOLY SPIRIT BACK in the church again. He's saying the church world rejected Christ. But now the Holy Spirit, Christ himself revealed in human flesh in the evening time. This is this is this is signaling to us that we're coming to the supreme expression, the full expression of Jesus Christ in his bride. as for in Christ dwelt the FULLNESS OF THE GODHEAD BODILY. NOW HE'S POURING HIMSELF FULLY INTO HIS BRIDE FOR THAT FINAL RIDE, FOR THAT FINAL MANIFESTATION, FOR THE FINAL EXPRESSION. And this is what we have access to. I I wanted to read that statement so I could say this. There are no prophetic boundaries or no scriptural borders that are holding us back from walking fully in the word of God. We could not exist in 1882 and saying, "Oh my, let's just manifest 108-11. Oh, let's be let's let's rejoice in and and and Malachi 4:5 and 6." There's things that we would have just been playing church. Uh we would have just been assuming we could Jesus would say anything that's been before me has been a thief and a robber. But then once this day, this scriptur is fulfilled, that opens up a whole new land for us to walk into. It opens up a whole new uh uh the the the promised land of the son of man. THAT'S THE BORDERS. THAT'S THE boundaries where all things are possible. That's what we've walked into. It says in Hebrews chapter 6:es 1:3, Paul says, "Let us go on into perfection. Not laying again the foundation, leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ, not going beyond them. They're the foundational elements, but let us go on to the perfection of the building. Let us go on to the fullness of the structure." And notice what he says in verse 9. And this will we do if God permit. So we could go on unto perfection. What God lets opens up the gate or opens up the door to go into it. All the churches can just gather up and all the believers can gather up and wait there for the entrance into the capstone. But they JUST HAVE TO PILE UP AND PILE UP AND PILE UP. ALL STAND IN LINE UNTIL GOD PERMITS. Something that God allows. What does it mean? that God has a boundary that you can't cross until it's time for it to open up. And the message going beyond the camp says it's when the plane has got so fast, he's talking about how these planes flying around, they just rattle the windows. Says when the plane has got so fast that it crosses its own sound called the sound barrier. And when it goes beyond its own sound barrier, it's almost unlimited what it'll do because it's it's pushing past these resistance. It's breaking through something is just kind of the image that he's taking in. And I think in there that we get a lesson when we go beyond our own sound barrier into the word of God, then it's unlimited what God can do with a man that's ready to go beyond the camp, the camp of man. That is why because if man set something up, that's a barrier. It always just always ask who built it. I think brother Michael, you even expressed it this way when we're fellowship. If there's something that's been built, ask who put it there. If man put it there, just go right around it. I if if if man built it, if man did it, then you said that's a barrier. Because that's what man does. He puts up barriers. But if God put it there, it's to be respected. We're talking about the word of God and the things that keep us from the word. It's to be respected. It's to be honored. He says when we go beyond our own sound barrier to the word of God, then it's unlimited what God can do with the man that's ready to go beyond the camp, the camp of man that is. Now we see that going beyond the camp, going beyond this, THAT'S THE TIME THAT WE'RE LIVING IN. LET'S GO BEYOND our denominational camps. Let's go beyond our clicks. Let's go beyond OUR POLITICS. GO BEYOND our pretense. Go beyond all these things of man that have made us feel real comfortable in the message, the cultures that we've created, AND GO BEYOND IT. Because those things may have seemed to be protections, BUT WHAT THEY BECAME is barriers. And it's the man-made barriers that made us vulnerable to something creeping in and bypassing ALL THE STRICT CONTROLS. AND IF SOMEONE WANTS TO, they can create this cult that everyone's just, "Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir." But all it takes is for someone to slip around behind those man-made controls and sew something into PEOPLE'S SPIRITS. AND THAT'S WHAT CAUSES THEM TO DISBELIEVE AND TO STUMBLE. We got to go beyond man-made barriers into the boundaries of God's word because that's the only place of safety. and the message perseverant. Brother Jared, I believe this is the one that you listen Saturday night mentioning how these sermons would be perfect to listen to. He says, ' AND MAYBE THERE'LL BE SOMEONE, he's praying in this service that God could come and do something that he's done before. If he could manifest himself in a way that shows he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He says, MAYBE THERE'LL BE SOMEONE WITH FAITH enough to break through that barrier yonder, that sound barrier. Says that sin barrier, that unbelieving barrier yonder. break through that to where all things are possible. You recognize how he's using this kind of language. I want you to think very uh uh personally about this THAT ALL THINGS ARE possible but there's barriers that keeps you from it. There's barriers that keep you from coming into all things all things. Now there can be certain boundaries. You can't say ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE IN THE NAME OF WILLIAM BRANDOM, RIGHT? That's not the gate. That's not the door. It's not press play and obey and all of a sudden we're all just energized. No, that's not how it works, right? What the tape say. We'll say exactly how we preached it AND HOW WE TAUGHT IT. What what we see in the word of God is THERE CERTAIN WAYS. HERE'S THE WORD OF GOD. IT'S AVAILABLE FOR YOU, BUT you got to come through the right channel. But then there's other things that he's saying are a barrier to all things are possible. GOT TO GET PAST THE SIN BARRIER, the unbelieving barrier to where ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE. IS GRANITE. LORD, WE'RE TOLD THAT WHEN THAT PLANE passes that sound barrier, it's limited in SPEED AND POWER. GOD, IF WE COULD JUST BREAK THROUGH THAT POWER OF UNBELIEF, miracles and things and promises OF GOD ARE UNLIMITED. FOR ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE TO HIM THAT BELIEVETH. Praise the Lord. All things are possible beyond the barrier, the man-made barrier, the satanic barrier, the unbelief barrier, your own personal sound barrier of your own words. Your own confession can become a barrier. Your own negative confession, your own words, your own, well, I think it's this way. And what you've done IS YOU'VE JUST PUT up a roadblock. Your thoughts, your ideas, THEY ALL BECOME SOUND BARRIERS. All the words you've ever said. And maybe some of us, what we NEED TO SAY, LORD, I'VE BEEN SAYING A LOT OF STUFF FOR a long time that's become a sound barrier to me. And God, by faith, I want to break through my own sound barrier, my own negative feedback, my own negative comments, my own negative, all the things I've been SPEAKING UP THIS GREAT BIG bank of unbelief that's keeping me from walking INTO ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE AND SAY, "OH, GOD, WOULD YOU DO SOMETHING FOR ME WHERE I CAN BREAK PAST MY OWN SOUND BARRIER?" CAN ANYBODY RELATE HOW YOUR OWN WORDS AND YOUR OWN CONFESSIONS A BARRIER TO YOU WALKING IN THE VERY PROMISES OF AND YOU CAN SAY GOD I CAN BREAK THROUGH BY YOUR STRENGTH AND BY YOUR REACH MY OWN SOUND BARRIER perfect peace CAN BE MINE HEALING CAN BE MINE JOY CAN BE MINE DON'T LET MY OWN WORDS BE A BARRIER TO ALL THINGS ARE possible Now in Mark chapter 10 verse 27. Oh, this is so beautiful. And and if it doesn't sound beautiful to you, it's my fault. I'm just doing a horrible job. But this is beautiful. In Mark 10 27, it says, "Jesus looking upon them saith, with men it is impossible, but with God, but not with God, for with God all things are possible. With men it is impossible. What a statement. Not even talking about probability. Talking about possibility. It's completely impossible. But not with God. For with God all things are possible. I could put it this way. God can do whatever he wants. Right? We all agree God can do whatever he wants. He's God. He can do whatever he wants whenever he wants to. That's it's his power. It's in his providence. But by his own character, he chooses to work in a certain way. We could you imagine if we just all we just kind of if we were and this well you don't have to just look at the world that believes in a god but doesn't believe in his word, right? They believe that there's a god out there. And so you get over 9,000 different interpretations of who Jesus is. And then you go beyond that and you have all these other religions and thoughts and all these other ideas. And hey, and you know what? The the satanic temple or the church of Satan is just a parody of all those other religion or all those other Christian churches and denominations. It's we all criticize the temple of Satan or whatever and we cast them out as being these devil worshippers. But you know, you're the one that literally believes in the devil, right? Not the church of Satan. the Satanic Temple. Christians are the ones that literally believe in a devil. They do it as a parody of Christians. They do it as a parody of all the Christian denominations that want to be activist and THEY WANT TO FIGHT THIS AND DO THIS. SO, THEY JUST SET UP their own par say, "We ought to have a right to do this, TOO." LET'S NOT BE SUCKED INTO the parody of Christianity and this fight that's being WAGED AMONGST ALL THESE OTHER THINGS OUT THERE. THEY'RE JUST A DISTRACTION. WHY? BECAUSE WE HAVE BEEN GIVEN A WORD. We're not just kind of left on our own. WELL, WE KNOW THERE'S ACTUALLY a God, so let's just do it in the best we can. And well, you he spoke to you that way. Oh, that's really good. That's interesting. Well, he spoke to me this way. And we all just kind of believe in the divine and we're trying to find our way around this world and we're just going to pick the person that we think that has the most wisdom and follow their precepts. We have been given a word and God has IDENTIFIED HIMSELF WITH HIS WORD AND HE'S FULFILLED HIS WORD TO MAKE HIS PRESENCE KNOWN. SO EVEN THOUGH GOD COULD DO WHATEVER HE WANTS, HE CHOOSES TO be bound by his word. With men it is impossible, but not with God. For with God all things are possible. In Mark chapter 9 verse 23, Jesus saith unto him, "If thou can't believe, all things are possible to him that believeth." So all things are possible with God. But for us, we can only access that if we believe. God can do whatever he wants, but the only way that we're going to enjoy what he does is if we believe. If you can believe, all things are possible to you if you believe. Brother said there's no limit to the faith of God that he left for his church because he said all things are possible to them that believe. He says it's not limited. All right. Now, I don't know if you're going I'm just being which way are we going, brother Aaron? You're trying to lean into the turn and then I go the other way. It's a paradox, isn't it? He's unlimited, but he's limited. But he's unlimited. It's the way that God is. I think brother Jason was talking about paradox. It's true, but it's not. But yet, it is, but it's not. Paradoxes can be resolved in different ways. We'll find that with God, they all resolve themselves to be true. But we think about this, God can do whatever he wants. God is unlimited. The power of God, the the expanse of God. But I want you just to in your own finite way just to acknowledge this is a God that's beyond grasp. He cannot be contained. But yet then God is willing to be understood. He's willing to make himself known. But then he says all things are possible but to them that believe. Why? And he says faith is unlimited. All things are possible to them that believe. He says it's not limited. There is no limit to the faith of God that he left for his church. But God's not a genie in the bottle. like, "Oh, look what I found." God is not a fairy godmother where he's just accessible on our whims. Oh, I want God. Let me go get the bottle. Oh, I want God. Fairy Godmother appear. And we got to do some just hold our hands a certain way and kind of blink and here he comes. God's not that way. He's not obedient to our whims as a genie in the bottle. I'll grant you a wish. Any wish you want, I'll give it to you. That's not how God works. That's not how his word works. Ban writes this in the church age book in chapter 4. He says,"I wonder if we are sufficiently impressed with the word in our midst." I love that statement. He says, "Let me give you a thought here. How do we pray? We pray in Jesus name, don't we? Every prayer is in his name or there isn't any answer." Yet in 1 John 5:14, we are told, "This is the confidence that we have in him, that if we ask anything according to his will, he heareth us. And if we know that he hears us, whatsoever we ask, we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him. Now we ask, what is the will of God? There is only one way to know his will, and that is by the word of God. LAMENTATIONS 3:37, WHO IS HE THAT SAITH, and it cometh to pass when the Lord commandeth it not? He says, there it is. If it isn't in the word, you can't have it. Just accept it. If it isn't his word, say, "I don't want it." Right? There's nothing in his will that I fear and nothing out of his will that I want. Nothing in his will that I fear, nothing out of his will that I want. We're not neutral in this. Ah, it doesn't matter, Lord. Your will, devil's will, it doesn't really matter. I'm neutral. Wrong. I am not neutral. I want your way, God. If it isn't in the word, you can't have it. No. Right. God's not you can't have it. If it's not in the word, this is this is a limit. If it isn't in the word, you can't have it. And we shouldn't go, "Oh, yes. Thank you, Lord. I'm not going to get anything THAT'S NOT YOUR WORD. THAT'S MY DESIRE. IF IT'S NOT IN THE WORD, I DON'T WANT IT. If it isn't in the word, YOU CAN'T HAVE IT." SO, WE CAN'T ASK UNLESS it's in the word. And we can't petition or ask unless it unless it's in his name. He says, "There it is again. Jesus, the name is the word will." You can't separate God and the word. They are one. What has brother Brandham done? And I believe maybe IN JUST A SUBTLE WAY, HE'S SAYING we pray in the name of Jesus and whatever we we can't have what we ask unless we ask it in his name. But then the Bible SAYS WE HAVE TO ASK ACCORDING to his will. God is not he's NOT GOING TO BE HE'S NOT A CLOWN. HE'S NOT JUST GOING TO CLOWN for us. Lord, give me the best job and Lord, give me this money and Lord, I want her to be my wife. I ask it in the name of Jesus and I'm going to confess it. Did you know God told me that I'm going to marry you? Right? We don't do that BECAUSE THAT'S NOT THE WAY THAT IT WORKS. THERE'S A way speaking of boundaries. Come on, somebody. If it's in the word, YOU CAN'T HAVE IT. BROTHER BRANDHAM IN A VERY SUBTLE WAY IS IDENTIFYING BOUNDARIES. Identifying the parameters, THE THINGS WE OUGHT TO BELIEVE FOR, the things that we can find safety, the things that GIVE US SHELTER, AND HE'S IDENTIFYING THE PROPER APPROACH to God. I I I hope that this COULD JUST BE EXPOUNDED UPON IN THE FUTURE SERVICES. I I want to wind this down. He's these things that we've used even through the deliberate use of these scriptures and quotations tonight. We're identifying the characteristics of Jesus Christ that he himself is confined in just using our language. He has limited himself. He's he's chosen to place his name in something that is uh that is seems to have bound bounds. So it's his character to do this and it's also identifying how that it's the character of Christ to respect boundaries. It's just something about him. Now my closing scripture in Revelations chapter 3, well I just realized I have another one I may want to read. So one of my closing scriptures, Revelations chapter 3, verse 20. Behold, I stand at the door and kick it down. That's what the lessen Bible says, right? Behold, I stand at the door and I begin to pe I walk around back and I peek in the window. I check to see if there's any other doors that are unlocked. No. Behold, I stand at the door and knock. What a gentleman. Here's a door. It's shut. You know the B brother B says he's a fugitive in his own church. He's been kicked out of his own church. But because the door's been shut to him, he's going to knock. Behold, I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I will come into him and will suck with him and he can suck with me. This is God following an order. This is speaking something to us about God's nature, his character, that if a door is closed, he's going to knock. Is he able to kick the door down? I mean, this isn't philosophy. Can God create a rock so heavy that even God can't lift it? Yeah, we're not the sophist, you know, pondering, you know, all hopping on goofballs. Think about how big God is and whether or not he could create a rock too big for himself to carry. This is reasonable. Could God not in this sense just kick the door down? Couldn't he just go scatter moosh and the walls fall away? Right? He could just do whatever he wants. But he says, "I stand at the door and knock. If any man hear my voice and open the door, I'll come into him and we'll s with him and he with me." He's not even beating on the door. He He He's not yelling, but it's in such a way to where he's you there will you open to me for a still small voice. Meanwhile, lightning and earthquakes and thunders and all these revivals shaking the world. And he's just there knocking the still small voice. And if any man will hear that gentleness, hear that that that that meekness of Christ, the simple way that he comes, he'll if you'll open the door to him, he comes in. This is Christ respecting a boundary. The door was put there for a reason. They say, "Well, it was to keep them out." But it's there. And that's the point where you can have fellowship. Brother Bram says in the message, Jesus at the door, and that's the way it is. Notice how he phrases this. The latch is on the inside. Christ knocks at the door, but you have to open the door. He will not against your will. He gives you the ability to let him let him in. But he will, if I can say it this way, he cannot force himself in. for there's no latch for him to come in by. You must open the door. You've got to do it. You've got to open the door. The fact that there's no latch there show it speaks of how he will not do it against your will. HOW MANY TIMES DO WE PRAY, "OH GOD, IF YOU WILL, GOD, IF YOU WILL, GOD, IF YOU WILL, GOD, IF YOU WILL, GOD, HELP, HELP, HELP, HELP, HELP, HELP, HELP." AND WE'RE ALWAYS ASKING. HE SAYS, "WELL, I'm kind of standing at the door knocking. You just need to open it up. And if I could say it this way, you'll never find a door if you don't know anything about boundaries. You could be knock you could be listening for him at a wall. You could be listen for him here. God want running up and down a wall. Run up and down a wall. But you find him at the door. And I say this, we invite the musicians to come. I want to say this in closing. As it says in Matthew chapter 7, verses 7 and 8, ask and it shall be given to you. Seek and you shall find. Knock and it shall be open unto you. You have to be asking, seeking, and knocking. For everyone that askketh receiveth, and he that seeketh findeth, and to him that knockketh it shall be opened. You find the door. The knock is at the door. It's not pounding on a wall. It's not just yelling into the abyss. It's not just screaming, hoping that something is transforms and something transpires, but identifying where he is and and coming to him and identifying him at the door. And I love the image that brother Brad this picture and if you could still stay with me here as I close this if you could be very very personal in your own hearts now. If you have a need maybe you could just present it before the Lord at this very moment. He says he will not come in against your will. He cannot force himself in the says in another place he won't force you to do it. I said tonight open up and let him in. Lord, if I'm a house, if I am defined by certain parameters and boundaries and Lord, I'm all yours. every room, every door. I've pondered this now for weeks and I've come to realize he's the only [music] that we can truly trust with full access. And so [music] things happen in life to cause us to withhold [music] consent from Christ. Satan had us deliberately try to put us into circumstances that freeze us up and trigger [music] us and lock us up to where I I I I I want I want to withhold my consent. I do not want to allow I do not want to give permission. But tonight he's knocking at a door in your heart. And you have to give him permission. You may be huddled up in the corner of that closet with the door barred shut, saying, "Lord, if you love me, kick the door down, [music] but he wants you to trust him to unlock the door and let him in." Say to him, "This is your vessel, Lord. I give to you my body, which [music] is my reasonable servant. Possess me to the limits, Lord. Fill up all the boundaries. Maybe you could ask it this way. Lord, what is it that's keeping you from loving me? He loves you, but there's something the door that stands [music] between you and his love. And in there and there, he's knocking at that door. And it's that door you have to open [music] to experience the love that you you're l you you want to feel because again he's he's a he's that [music] gentleman. He's he he he's honoring something. He's respecting something and even because of what maybe you've gone through [music] in life. He's not just going to force himself through that. He's just waiting for you to come to that place of trust. What do you find? And I admire it when [music] people have that kind of nature. You take a dog that's been abused and and they're skittish and they're very fearful. There's a way that people know how to approach that dog. And sometimes they get all they get their fur up, they growl and they're going to dip at you. But there's a way that [music] you just humble yourself and make yourself available in a non-threatening way that [music] eventually. Am I getting it right? I'm not a dog whisperer. And you make yourself available and v vulnerable in a non-threatening way. And it breaks down the dog. Even though abused for years and so many bound up and so fearful, it it recognizes I can trust. He's demonstrating trust. This is someone I can approach. I I'm I'm sensing something different. And it calls to that one. And that dog begins to let down its defenses and comes to the hand that's being extended in a non-threatening way. A and that dog longs for that connection. It longs [music] for that kind of nurture. It longs for those affections. It's it's kind of nature. It's it's in its nature. And if we could just kind of flip that. Maybe we've been through so many things in our lives where we find oh speaking back a little bit scared unwilling and we're wanting God to blow right past that and just kind of snatch us. Just grab a HOLD OF ME. TAKE ME GOD. BUT YOU'RE AFRAID of that. You've experienced way too many situations where people have taken advantage and taken control and misused the word of God. REMEMBER WHAT WE SAID ON SUNDAY. This message has been used to abuse and to control and has profaneed the name of God and God to lift back up and restore confidence and faith in this word. And he's not going to do it with the same kind of arrogance and assumptions that have brought the people to a place of reservation. And so he's present here tonight making himself available to you. And he's searching wanting us to search our hearts and say, "Lord, I know that you love me and you want to love me. So, what is it [music] I'm using to keep you from loving me? I realized [music] in a very personal way just how much love I have in my heart for my family and all the [music] barriers that keep it from coming out. The love is true. It's genuine. It's full. It's faithful. It's rich. But I find things sometimes in my life just don't let it come out the way that I want to. And I purpose [music] in my heart, let every barrier be removed. Anything that keeps me from loving my wife the way that I ought to. [music] Anything that keeps me from loving my children the way they ought to. Because the love is genuine. The love is real. But it's [music] just the barriers that keep it from coming out. What's keeping you from loving him? [music] Brother Vanaman message going beyond the camp. Maybe just bow your heads as we read this in closing. And going beyond the camp, he says they were on their road talking about Israel in the Exodus and the coming out of their rapture [music] from Egypt into the promised land. And they were on their road by a vindicated light, a vindicated prophet with signs and wonders that God was in the camp and they were on their road. They had a pillar of fire. They had a prophet. They had mana. They had living waters. [music] They had changed campgrounds. He said they had changed changed campgrounds. They had to do it. They could see those things. [music] And sometimes we have to change where we're camping. [music] If you want to see the sunrise, make sure you're camping on the right side of the mountain. If you want to see the [music] sunset, you want to make sure you're set camping on the right side of the mountain. Sometimes you have to change your position to see the [music] scene that you want. He said they had changed changed campgrounds. They had to do it. They couldn't see those things in Egypt. They had to change the campgrounds in order to see the supernatural. [music] So will the people of this day have to change the camp. You'll have to change your campgrounds, go beyond that camp [music] to where all things are possible. Oh, may it be an encouragement to all those who are here to hear my voice tonight [music] that if you haven't been experiencing the supernatural, if you haven't been experiencing all things ARE POSSIBLE, THEY STILL ARE POSSIBLE. THE SUPERNATURAL IS STILL PRESENT HERE AMONGST US. BUT IT'S THE MAN-MADE CAMPGROUNDS. It's the HOAs. It's all the campgrounds. ALL THE ALL THE MAN-MADE BARRIERS THAT HAVE KEPT US FROM ENJOYING AND SEEING THE SUPERNATURAL. BUT OH GOD, I DESIRE TONIGHT TO GO BEYOND THE CAMP. SO I'M PICKING UP MY FAITH. I'M PICKING UP MY DESIRES. I'M PICKING UP MY EXPECTATION AND I'M MOVING INTO THE place where all things are possible. I won't sit here any longer. We've compassed this mountain long enough. I'm changing campgrounds. I'm getting OUT OF THE MAN-MADE CAMP. I'M GOING BEYOND THE BOUNDARIES THAT HAVE BECOME A BARRIER TO THE WOMB OF GOD. AND I'M GOING TO walk in his present move into where all things are possible. [music] Could you tonight in your own heart say, "Lord, I believe in you." And in believing Lord, I'm [music] I'm answer tonight. The knock door. I'm lifting your hands [music] and say, "Here I am. Take all of me, Lord. I'm all yours tonight. I'm withholding nothing, Lord. I'm not going to let [music] any barrier keep you from whatever is keeping I I I guess maybe I could read it. I [music] if I had this on my heart to use, I think I will use it. I have it in my this for one of the future services. He says, Lord, thou known me. 139, thou knowest my downsitting and my uprising. Thou understandeth my thought a far [music] off. Thou compasseth my path in my lying down, and art acquainted with all my ways. For there is not a word in my tongue, but thou hast me behind and before and laid thy head upon [music] me. You've hemmed me in, Lord, is one trick. It is high [music] with go from thy. If I ascend up into heaven, thou art there. If I make in hell, thou art there. If I take the wings of the morning, dwell in the uttermost part of the sea, even there shall thy hand lead me. [music] In thy right hand shall hold me. If I say, Surely the darkness shall cover me, even the night shall be light unto me. Yay, the darkness hideth not from thee, and shineth as the day. The darkness and the light are both a light [music] to thee. For thou hast possessed my reigns. Thou hast covered me in my mother's womb. Could you accept that [music] for yourself tonight? I fear and wonderfully [music] made and marvelous are thy works and that [music] my soul knoweth right well. I say trust him [music] tonight. Trust him with everything that is in you for the healing you crave, the peace you desire, that your foot [music] where you could feel that you're standing on a solid place. So ahead, would you pray with sleep right? Be afraid to lift [music] your voice if you must, but let your voice be heard. Gracious heavenly father. Lord, as we lifting up our hands and our hearts to you tonight, our heart's cry is Lord, [music] come fill your vessel, Lord. If it is your desire to fill [music] every fiber of this being, Lord, I don't want to hold anything back from you. Lord, our relationship is not one of an acquaintance. Lord, I do not want you to come and visit my house and be a wallflower. I do not want you to be a Jesus with dirty feet. Lord, not only do I welcome to the but Lord private to the secret [music] place. I welcome you, Lord. Lord, we find it so difficult to be honest with one another. Lord, some of us are in relationships where love by words. It's coded in actions [music] and sometimes are almost u cryptic. It's so hard to discern how one feel and then we crave it and we long it expressed certain measures. It can [music] just be withheld from us. And Lord, even we ourselves may be able to recognize just how hard it is to love when we want to. And we want to say things and we want to express things and we want to have liberty to do things, but so many barriers are built up in the natural that keeps us from it. Lord, I believe that you are a God that can blow past any barrier, overcome any barrier, push past any obstacle, any impediment, any Lord, the last thing that remains [music] is my consent and my permission. Lord, if I could not go on to perfection unless [music] you permitted it, Lord, you will not come in and to perfect me unless I permit it. And oh God, I give you consent, Lord. It's not ambiguous, Lord. I'm not just sending signals. I'm saying, GOD, YOU CAN HAVE ALL OF ME TONIGHT, LORD. EVERY PART, EVERY AMBITION, every thought, every deed, every action, EVERY POSSESSION, LORD. EVERYTHING, it's yours. [music] A and and I give it to you to use it as you would see fit. Lord, I do not say that I have received this gift. Let me use it for your glory. But Lord, that which you have given me, I give it back to you. May you use it for your glory. Lord, my my wonderful children, the four of them and their character THAT IS BEING BUILT AND all the potential that they have. Lord, my wife and I dedicated them to you at an altar of at the time of their birth. Lord, once again, if [music] I have taken control at all, I GIVE IT BACK TO YOU unreservedly because I trust you, Lord. I do so with my marriage. I DO SO WITH MY MIND. I DO SO WITH my finances. I DO MY TIME, LORD. I HAVE NOTHING. NOTHING in my possession. Nothing in the recesses OF MY MIND. NOTHING IN A IN AN ENCRYPTED FOLDER. LORD, YOU HAVE THE KEY. YOU HAVE THE PASSWORD. YOU HAVE THAT WHICH UNLOCKS WHO I AM. OH GOD, IF ALL YOU WERE WAITING FOR WAS THE CONSENT, LORD, I GIVE IT TO YOU TONIGHT. And I ask you, FATHER, I WELCOME YOU, LORD. RATHER, I welcome you. I welcome you to come in Lord. Thank you Jesus. [music] Thank you Jesus. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ we [music] pray. Amen.
