################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2022-05-29 - 02 Our Family Tree (This Church Serves the True Church) - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2022-05-29
Title:   02 Our Family Tree (This Church Serves the True Church)
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SoGjGYBrQCI
========================================

Description:
02 Our Family Tree (This Church Serves the True Church)
Sunday Service: May 29, 2022
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
My subject this morning um as I mentioned before is we're continuing on part two on our family tree and this service the subtitle is this church serves the true church. This church serves the true church. Last time we spoke on a vision of home and we were kind of taking Genesis to Revelation and tying things back to the beginning, but also to have us to be forward looking about what our the future holds for us, about what God would be calling us to and how that we know uh one day there's going to be an eighth day, a perfect Eden that will be unending. And we see that reflected in the beginning and then come to its climax, the seeds coming to fruit in the end. And we mentioned that in that service, we were wanting to rearticulate what our vision is for the church and the church having grown a little bit and many people being here now who weren't here originally when we begin to express these things at the beginning of 2021. Uh we just felt in our hearts it'd be nice just to kind of reset and go back over some of these things. And God just opened up this subject of our family tree. And um the the tree that I'm using in this graphic is the one that many people believe is the type of tree that Abraham planted in Genesis chapter 21. And so I've just had this thought of a tree in our family tree as a local church. And as we went over the vision last time, we were talking about how our church, our vision as a church is one that must honor God's vision for his family and and God's vision uh for the church of God, not just a vision for this local church. And we're just going to try to make it work as a local church, but we recognize that our vision has to harmonize with God's vision for his family. And if we do that, then we're also going to be supporting the vision that you would have for your family. Okay. So these are how these things would work together. It's not merely that we want to make this church dynamic, but we want to allow the mechanics and dynam dynamics of the Holy Spirit to operate freely to support God's vision for his family and to support your families. And we used a statement where brother Brandon refers to God as an extreme parent. And so he was an extreme parent before there was extreme sports. He was the first extreme. And as an extreme parent, he put everything in order. And this characterization of God as an extreme parent is he made a paradise for his children. And that's the characteristic of an extreme parent. Make a paradise not for yourself but for your children. And I think that's instructive to us as parents. It's certainly instructive to us as a church as we try to create an atmosphere. We don't do it for ourselves, for our own reputation. We don't do it to be self-s serving, but rather we do it for the children and for the family. And I I expressed even in my heart taking these things into consideration and maybe at the at that part of the service last time, I just said, I I want to purpose to be an extreme pastor in order that we might we could become as a church an extreme family. And we should we should labor to make even this church family and this church a paradise. And and that would be something that we would labor to do. Now, just a couple summary things and I'm going to use a scripture in Isaiah 11 and we'll just it'll be kind of connecting back to where we were last time on Christ. But in God's paradise, we saw this scripturally in the beginning and then the end. In God's paradise, Christ is the tree of life. So, in one one sense, I want you to recognize when I say our family tree, I'm speaking as the bride. Our family tree is the bride tree. It is Christ. And we see this things that brother Brandham taught in that. And Paul's saying being rooted and grounded in love. He used that sense of agriculture and architecture. We being rooted. We are described as a family being rooted. So he describes us as trees. And the Bible describes us as trees. In Jeremiah and Psalm, there's many places that a man is described as a tree. Uh and so we're saying we're a family of trees. But not just a family of trees. We're a family of one tree. And we are uh we are a um uh we are as it said before a one tree forest and we were using that example of the po which is a grove they call it a grove of one aspen. So you look at all these uh over 107 acres nearly 107 acres and over 40,000 different trees that you would see but yet it's a grove of one h one tree and that then they called a one tree forest and that's the image that we're reusing of the family of God. Now, in Isaiah 11:1, we're going to look at the I want to again re-emphasize the scriptural image of Christ being the tree of which we are all a part of. So, if it's a one tree forest, then it's Christ who's the tree. It's Christ who's the forest, but we're all members of that forest. In Isaiah 11:1, this is where we see a depiction of a family tree. So when we say our family tree, we may think of matriarchs and patriarchs and great-grandparents and this man married this woman, they had these children and they had they married these women and had these children or these men. And you kind of chart this family tree. Well, this is the image that is expressed here, a family tree or the tree being used as a symbol of lineage. It says, "And there shall come forth a rod out of the stem of Jesse." There's going to come forth a branch out of the stump of Jesse, being cut down, chopped down to its root. But there'll be a new chute that comes up, a rod out of the stem of Jesse, and a branch shall grow out of his roots. This is a prophecy of Christ. Christ is the rod. He is the branch that springs forth. And so the Bible is referring to Jesus Christ as a tree. And what remarkable symbolism then that Christ is the tree of life and he is described as a tree and then he's hung on a tree, right? two different trees nailed together, fastened together, united together, atoning for the original sin of man. Here he is, Christ the tree cut downh um a as a symbol or literally cut down as a sacrifice for us. In Zechariah 6:12, again, I'm just using a few scriptures to emphasize Christ as the tree because I'm wanting us to clearly identify ourselves as part of this. says, "And speak unto him, saying, thus speaketh the Lord of hosts, saying, behold the man whose name is the branch." So, there's going to be a man who's called the branch. That's this is a an appellation given to him. He's called the branch. And he shall grow up out of his place, and he shall build the temple of the Lord. And so, this is who's the branch? It is Christ. He's referred to as the branch in other places. It's Christ. and and he's going to build, notice this, the branch, the tree, this new tree is going to build the temple of the Lord. Now, just think of this, and I don't know if I'm just letting my mind kind of work with the symbols that are given to us, but this man is going to be called a tree, and he's going to build the temple of the Lord. It it's this is just me in my mind as I ponder this. Here's all the elements it's going to take to build a building. Christ is the wood. He He is the the elements. He's going to be this is the branch and he's going to build the temple of the Lord. It's it would be like looking at a giant tree and saying this tree is going to build a house. And so he is the branch and he'll grow up in his place and he shall build the temple of the Lord. A lot of things being expressed there. This is one of the most identifiable prophecies of Christ in Isaiah chapter 53. We'll just pull verses 1 and two. Who hath believed I report? And to whom is the arm of the Lord revealed? For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant, and as a root out of a dry ground. He hath no form nor comingless. And when we shall see him, there's no beauty that we should desire him. Who's it talking about? Christ. Christ, the sacrificial lamb. This one who is born of a virgin. He's going to grow up as a tender plant, as a root out of a dry ground. Described in Isaiah, as the the the root, the branch that comes forth out of the stump of Jesse. Here he's And then in Zechariah, he's the branch. He's going to grow up. He's going to build the temple. Now, he's going to grow up as a tender plant, a root out of a dry ground. Jeremiah 25 calls him 23 calls him a righteous branch. This is Christ. This is who this is what he's described at the branch, a righteous branch, a tender plant, a root of a dry ground. So, when it comes in the end in Revelations 22:1 16 and makes a very remarkable paradoxical statement, I am the root and offspring of David. Amen. I am the root. I am that which has come forth from the seed. But I'm not just merely that which has come forth from the seed, but I'm also the fruit in the top of the tree. I am the offspring. I am the I am the fullness of this tree. I am both the root and the offspring of David. The one that says before Abraham was, I am I am the root and the offspring of David. He is the seed of Abraham. He has connected uh through genealogy through Joseph and Mary back to the very kingdom of David and the seed of David. And he comes in in fulfillment of those prophecies. This tender branch, the stem of Jesse, the branch, it is Christ. Amen. And it is that tree that is our family tree. Christ is our family tree. And we as members of the body of Christ are members of this one tree. Again, in type, it's just using the po as a type there in Utah, it is a trees of a one root system. So all these quaking aspens that they see in that forest, they're all part of one root system. So they're all over 40,000 different trees, but they're all genetically identical. So you go and you do a DNA test of this tree and you go do a DNA test of this tree and they'd be exactly the same. The genetic marks are 100% exactly the same. In other words, they are the exact same tree. And that's the beauty of the new birth. If somebody took your spiritual DNA, you know, brother Chris doesn't have any more spiritual DNA than brother Martin. Why? Because it's the new birth by the very exact same elements. And spiritually, we're genetically identified the same, genetically identical. And that's why we're joint airs with Christ. And so, this is the body that we're a part of. Now I have four scriptures here to read just to show this body of Christ and and that we are a part of a and how it connects back to Christ the branch who builds the temple to this tree. Ephesians chapter 1 22 to 23 and hath put all things under his speaking of Christ his feet and gave him to be the head over all things to the church. So he is the head over all things to the church. And this is Paul's description of the church. The church which is his body, the fullness of him that fillth all in all. Now that's another very fascinating statement. So the church is his body. And he's saying the church is the fullness of him. That this is where the fullness of Christ comes into view is through this bride tree. The fullness of him that fleth all in all that fills up the dispensation that finishes the plan. When God told Adam to multiply and replenish the earth, it meant fill it up to what I've ordained. So in a in a pro prophetic way, he's saying, I have so many seeds. I have so many genes. I have so many elect and ordained. Fill it up. And so now the body of Christ will fill fill that up. That which fillth it all all in all. And then in 1 Corinthians chapter 3, so I'd say this, Christ is then and we can turn to 1 Corinthians chapter 3:9. Christ is now depicted as a body. The Christ which is his body and this is the temple of the Lord. His body is the temple of the Lord. And it says in 1 Corinthians chapter 3:9, "For we are laborers together with God." And then he says, "Ye are God's husbandry. Ye are God's building." Again, this is the agriculture and architecture. Both of them, two different types. A and it's just ways to try to express what we actually are. We're not literally a building, but in type we are God's building. You're not literally just a plant, but in type you are a plant. These are just terminologies that we use so we can relate to what we are in God and what we've become by his grace. He says, "You are God's husbandry. This is God's vineyard. You are his planting. You are his garden." So the tree, you are God's husbandry. You are his vineyard. But this is the body which God has made. This is the tree is his body. And then in verse 16 of the same chapter, know you not that ye are the temple of God, God's husbandry, God's building. So now he says, ye are the temple of God, and that the spirit of God dwelleth in you. If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy. For the temple of God is holy, which temple ye are. Think of that. You are the temple of God. And in and in this way it it it it poses the individual as being that that sanctified precious element that gathers into the house of God. Do you know why the presence of God comes into the sanctuary a and we honor it and we reverence this temple and we reverence this tabernacle and we try to show respect to it because God's presence comes here. But why does God's presence come here? You bring it. Amen. It's where two or three are gathered together and in my name there I'll be in our midst. So, you know what? We we couldn't just spray paint the name of Jesus Christ on this wall and all of a sudden the presence of God is just going to come. We couldn't put a gigantic banner over this church saying the name of Jesus Christ. We couldn't call this the church of the Lord Jesus Christ and just by name all of a sudden his presence would be here. But his presence comes because you come and because you are the temple of the Holy Ghost. It's saying it so plainly here. We ye are the temple of God. Which temple ye are? You are the dwelling place of Christ. And that's what makes a place like this holy. Amen. Is because we come with one mind and one accord to gather in this place which temple you are. And remember Christ says upon this rock I will build my church. It's the only place that Christ and I think he's very explicit though some may could wrestle with his terminology say well it's an allegory. it's in type or he's referring to this, referring to that. But Christ says, "Upon this rock, I will build my church." And it's just that one little seed that Paul takes and brings into a full tree in the New Testament. Outside of that statement of Jesus, you you you wouldn't know of my church or his church or his body. But Paul is taking this revelation and this is the church, his body, God's husbandry, the temple which ye are. Amen. Now in 1 Corinthians 12 12-4 it it says for as the body is one and hath many members and all the members of that one body being me being many are one body so also is Christ. So as the natural body is one body but many members. So if if you want to know what you're talking about just do this. Just kind of wiggle your fingers in front of your face right like this. No you don't want to do you don't want to wiggle your fingers. Okay. Well, I'll remember that. Uh and and so like, oh yeah, I have a left hand. I have a right hand. I have all these different members, but it's one body. And Paul amplifies that to a great degree. And he said, the same way with Christ, there's only one Christ. There's only one body, and there's only one church, right? I know. I know Christian churches don't like to think that there's only one church, but there is only one church, and it's his body. It's Christ. It's it's not a physical thing. It's a spiritual thing. There's one body, there's one Lord, right? There's only one God. There's only one church and it's the Christ Church of Christ. It's God's building. It's God's body. And now he's saying we are members of this. He says, "For by one spirit." This is a very key phrase here, I think, that we do not want to lose sight of. For by one spirit, we're all baptized into one body. Not by shaking hands, not by joining the role. Amen. You're not even you do not become a member of this body by giving tithes and offerings and regular church attendance, right? That'll make you a member of a local church, give you the all the rights and privileges of voting and different things as we see in the word of God. But just by doing that doesn't make you a member of this body. When I say this body, the one spoken of here in 1 Corinthians 12, he says, "For by one spirit, we're all baptized into one body." You've got to be born into this family. You've got to come up from that one root. That life has to shoot up. You have to be a chute off of that that root and and then and and become a part of that one tree system. For by one spirit, we're all baptized in one body. Notice whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free and have been all made to drink into one spirit. Now, he's using a he's using a a symbolic language. It's things that ties into even physical ordinances. We're made to drink into one spirit. For the body is not one member but many. The body is one but it has many members. Amen. Brother Bram says in question and answers part one he says the body in 1964 the body has grown just like a tree till it's coming to the head. So here's the here's the image. The body growing as a tree coming to the head coming to the fullness back to the fruit the seed the original seed again. The body has grown just like a tree till it's coming to the head. So here's Christ which we are a member of. We are part of it's his body. It's symbolized as a tree. Now in John chapter 15 verse five. Are we smiling this morning? It's always wonderful to preach to people who look like they want to be here. And I can say that is one thing I could say about our church is you're all very close, right? So I can see your faces and generally you all look like you want to be here. Amen. Amen. And hopefully it's the same when we go another 30 minutes and we don't we're not wearing you out like you've gone a lot longer than my Netflix show I watch. So I'm about to check out here. But John chapter 15 verse 5, Jesus himself is saying this and I know I'm skipping ahead a little bit. So just uh focus uh you might be thinking, "Oh, you're missing you're missing the real gold here in verse one." Well, I'll come back to it. In John 15:5, he says, "I am the vine." Yes, here's Christ the vine. He's the He is the This is a a plant. This is a growing up. This is him using language that is going to catch the attention of a Jew because their prophecies of Israel, there was prophecies of Israel being the vine. Prophecies of Israel being a planting. And now he's saying, "I'm the vine." And to a Jew, this is like, "Oh, no. Uh-uh. No, he didn't just say that because now he's he's he's taking credit for prophecy. This is the fulfillment of this prophecy." And it really kind of rubs that their theology the wrong way. I am the vine. And then in the most beautiful way, he he completely makes available to them to become a part of this fulfillment. Ye are the branches. I am the vine. Ye are the branches. He that abideth in me and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit. For without me, ye can do nothing. Oh, it's so beautiful the dependency that you would have upon this root system. He's the vine. I'm the branches. The vine furnishes energy to the branches. Without the vine and his energy, I cannot be fruitful. Without me, ye can do nothing. I am the vine. If you look up what that means in the in the Greek lexicon, so if you do it in some system where you could click on it, if you look it up in Strongs and you want to know what vine means, it just says vine. But branches, it means a vine chute, a sprouting, something that sprouts from the vine. a vine shoot or vine sprout. And so the sprouting what it expresses is I am the vine. You are that which sprouts off from the vine as a further growth of the vine. You're that which branches off from the vine as a further expression of the life of a vine. So you can look at a vine and say that's a vine. Yep, I see the vine. But then it sprouts off into a branch and it bears a leaf and you go that's the type of vine that it is. You know it by its branches because it's the branches that bear the fruit. Amen. It's the those branches that are going to then uh flower, going to bring forth the leaf. Now, what what you need to catch in this is I am the vine. You are the sprout off the vine. Exact same material. Exact same material. Within our bodies, there's ways that they take um they could take samples to get our DNA and they can pretty much take it from different parts of the body, right? It's not like, well, we we took a sample, a piece of skin um off his heel and it's this DNA, but we just we don't know really it's we just know it's a heel. We don't know what body it belongs to. No, no matter where you get this the sample from, it's going to declare this person. This marker. So, it's the same material, same life, same tree. So, you wouldn't say, well, you have the vine and you have the branches. The vine exists over here, the branches exist over there. He's just describing to you the beautiful articulation of nature where you have a vine that's the backbone the furnishing of the life and then it goes out into the branches which flower which fruit which leaf and we consider that's one plant that's a tender plant that's one tree now there's a a beautiful connection back to the body of Christ and a connection to Christ and I think it's even I believe it's even deliberate when he says I am the vine we know that there's grapes that come from the vine there's a way that You can look at the vine as being even symbolic of of the wine and the grapes that would come forth from the wine. He says, "And ye are the branches, the vine and branches and branches." The klema, the word there in the Greek comes from clao, which means to break. So they just they've basically taken this word to break and it's become branches clao conjugated to kma. And it's the same word that's used of breaking of bread and communion. And this stood out to me so much that I am the vine, ye are the branches. And it's here in 1 Corinthians chapter 10 16 and 17. He says, "The cup of blessing which we bless is not the comm is is it not the communion of the blood of Christ? The bread which we break, is it not the communion of the body of Christ?" So the cup is symbolically even in the communion uh at the communion table is the wine the grapes of the vine. Now he says, "Is not the bread which we break?" There's that claw from which we get branches. He says this bread which we break. Is it not the communion of the body of Christ? For we being many are one bread. What is it? He says we are one body being many. We being many are one bread. What did Jesus say? This is my body which is broken. So it's become this is my body which is broken which is cla to break to cause to spread into many branches. This is my body which is broken into clea into branches. It's become branches. A vine breaks off into a branch. A vine a tree breaks off into a lamb. This is exactly what's being expressed here. Says this is the bread which we break. Is it not the communion of the body of Christ? For we being many are one bread and one body. For all are partakers of that one bread. Amen. And he's not just talking about the loaf, right, in communion. He's actually not even really spec specifically referring to communion bread. The communion bread is just a type of this, but he's talking about Christ, the word. That's the bread that we're feeding on. We're all made partakers of that one bread. And by us partaking of that one bread, we are then we are then symbolized, we're partaking of the same life, feeding on the same substance. And what is it causing us to do? to come together and unite together as one body. It's that one bread that allows us because it's by that one bread, by the word of God, that incorruptible seed that we hear jointly uh those who've been born again by one spirit, baptized in the body of Christ, we are all united in our souls by the word. Amen. But then we have we have the the body and the spirit and and and those things it comes to the way we look and where that body lives and and how we talk, the languages we use, our past experiences, the way we think and perceive things. And how is it that we're ever going to have unity when we're so different in body and spirit? How is it we have unity except by feeding on the same thing? We begin to connect together and harmonize despite differences. And we realize, wow, you must you think that way and I think this way, but in the scheme of things, that's nothing in terms of what we agree on in the word of God. That nothing like your attitude towards this. I see it a little bit differently. But our commonality in the word of God, as we let that have preeminence, as we feed on the unfailing body, word of the son of man, as we are feasting on this one bread, which is the message of the hour, that's how we become one body in practice and in reality. Yeah. And I am the vine and ye are the branches. You are the broken part of that. That part that branches off the body, the one bread. Amen. And as Jesus says in John chapter 6 verse 35, I am the bread of life. He that cometh to me shall never hunger, and he that believeth on me shall never thirst. So Christ is the bread of life. This is this is the bread which we feed on. He's the bread that came down out of heaven. Amen. And you'll find that uh if you just were deliberate about it to just every time Jesus speaks, ask yourself, how would this rub a Jew the wrong way? And you find that he's often using phrases and using a language that to a Jew, they're like, really? Really? It's almost as if he's just trying to trigger them. He's not using any political correctness, but I am the bread of life that came down out of heaven. And a lot of people could say, I think he's talking about the bread that came down in the wilderness. So Jesus says, "Your fathers ate man in the wilderness and every single one of them are dead." Like, yep, that's exactly what he was talking about. There's no ambiguity now because he's trying to show them this is me. This is my fulfillment. He couldn't kind of dance around it. Don't want to offend anybody. He had this is the word. This is what he fulfilled. I am the bread of life. That's the bread that you're partaking of. And that's the one body that you're a part of. Amen. Now, in God's only provided place of worship, you'll find that there's certainly a lot in these sermons that Brother preaches on this exact subject. So much in there along these lines, but he's he's picking up what we just read in 1 Corinthians 12. But by one spirit, we are all baptized into one body. And that body is a family, the family of God. That body is a family, the family of God. And he says, "And that's the house of God." And the house of God is the name of Jesus Christ. Now again, you have to be thinking in this literal but yet spiritual sense. When sometimes there's a way that we say spiritual, we mean it's not literal. No, the things that are spiritual and eternal are more real than what we're seeing right now. So he says, "And that body is a family, the family of God. And that's the house of God. And the house of God is the name of Jesus Christ. The name of the Lord is a mighty tower. The righteous run into it and are safe. Now, how can you come how are you going to come in by a title? He said, how is your check going to be received by saying paid to the order of reverend, doctor, minister? You might be a reverend, doctor, minister, but the name of the Lord is Jesus Christ. I've chosen to put my name at the door of the house of my worship. For my family will be gathered in there under the blood. And he brings it to the type in Exodus like it was in Egypt. Anything outside died. And in there, in this place where he's put his name, where the families gathered under the blood, the house of God with the name of Jesus Christ. In there, there's no leaven bread. There's no denominational mixture in it anywhere. My house, my children, born of my genes. Amen. He says, "Amen. Glory to God." I say, "Amen. Glory to God. My children born to my genes." The body is a family. The family of God. He's saying that's he says my genes are in them. I put my word in them. I'll write up them upon the tables of their heart. That's my family. The family of the body of Jesus Christ. The family. It's this is the perfect type. This is not just this is the perfect representation of family. If I could say this and it's something I I can deeply recall that something in my my brother David, my younger brother David, that something really struck him early on in his Christian experience of the type of man to wife and husband and wife and just how true that was between Christ and his bride. And and it it so shook him and and I just can even now still vividly remember how much that stayed with them that Christ and his bride, it's husband and wife. And then what the marriages of today are just a type of what that is. We could say well well this is a type you know that's a type of this but but this is that's the perfect that's the fullest. When he says you are the family of God that's the perfect family. Our families here ought to strive to reflect that family. Uh the the the house of God is the perfect home. Our our homes and families ought to strive to reflect that perfect home. God is the extreme parent. He's the original parent. He's the source of all parenthood. We should strive as parents to reflect that parent. Amen. I kind of turn it around and say, "Well, God's just like me. You'll run your children off." Because sometimes that's the reason why our children have the hardest time coming to God because they know you love them, and then they hear that God loves them. And so, they expect God to treat them just like you've treated them. And let's just all admit, we haven't always treated them perfectly. We haven't always kept our word. We haven't always used a tender hand when we ought to. We haven't always corrected when we should. And it it can be the hardest thing for them to come to God. Is just the inconsistent reflection of love that we show. I didn't mean to bring the house down there with that. And everybody's just like I could just hear the hear the power power down. Someone blow a transformer. What just happened? Like well that deescalated quickly. So he says, "My house, my children, my genes, that's my family. The family of the body of Jesus Christ. The family and this door you'll come in. Not Methodist, Baptist, or Pentecostal, but in the door where I put my name." Now, I'm not trying to be controversial, but could have he said the message, too, right? Could have he said it because you say well Pentecostal is not a dirty word but it's a word that's used for to refer to an organization and the message will never denominate but people can use the appellation and the name the message with a denominational conception that if you believe the message you have the Holy Ghost if you're in the message you're saved and there's a way that we can have these constructs about the message that is really the same way of thinking in denomination so we need to be careful because he says where I put my name it ain't Methodist God's name ain't Methodist. God's name ain't Pentecostal. God's name ain't Brandham. I mean Baptist. God's name ain't Catholic. He says, "Stay out of the doors." Then in other words, if it has that kind of name, if it has that kind of organization, if it has that kind of denominational representation, what do they claim to be? They claim to be the church. They claim to be the body of Christ. and they have changed the word of God to fit the agenda of their particular denomination and organization. Just ask them, well, what does the Bible say about this? And immediately they become experts and homalytics and exodists and everything else and say, well actually that wasn't in the original and actually if you use this language and really we just don't want to talk about it, right? All of a sudden the word of God changes. Then you you realize that in that case it's she said she said and and they better be they better hope that they're right. Had a conversation with the friend in law school who was uh at the time he was not a Christian and we began to become uh friends and and had fellowship together and he would always ask me how's your walk? You know he'd kind of be a little bit sarcastic and isn't that what you guys call it? Walk and uh come to find out his wife was a Christian and really loved the Lord. Uh but he said made a comment to me one time and he said the thing he said he said the thing is that one of the problems I have is you Christians think that your God's the only God. And I said well I said I guess you don't have to put it that way. I'll say um I believe that the God of the Bible is the one true God. And I'm not saying that their gods aren't true. The only question that remains is whether their God can save them from mine. And so there just let your faith right rest where it is. You believe your God's right. That's wonderful. That's fine. But my God said he's going to destroy your God. My God said that all those that don't believe in him are going to be destroyed. So the question remains whether or not your the gospel of your God provides salvation from my God. It's a question of whether or not your reality, your supernatural, your divine, your deity, can he save you from the wrath of my God? Or do you think your God's the only true God and mine's not real? Well said. He might have he didn't couldn't just say, "Well, you're a lawyer." Because well, we're both training to be lawyers. You can't use that. You can't use that on me. And I'm happy to say that today he's a professing Christian. Hallelujah. In John 15:E1, then let's come back to this um burying the lead a little bit how he says, "I am the vine, you're the branches." He said it even more forcefully and again in a way to aggravate the Jews. I am the true vine. Yeah. In other words, they say we are the br vine. We are the true vine. This is prophesied of our prophets. Israel is the vine. And now he says, but but I'm the true vine. You can be a vine, but I'm the true vine. And my father, which he said was God, is the husbandman. What a statement. I am the father is the husbandman. He is the one that dresses and keeps the vine. This is the true vine which you are a branch of. He doesn't say, "I am the true vine with branches." May you be a vine with branches. No, he says, "I am the vine, ye of the branches." God is the dresser of this true vine which will have those that are broken branches that come off of this one body, this one bread. There's going to be those and God is the dresser of that vineyard. When he comes later, a couple chapters later, and he begins to pray, let them be one. What? It's to be part of that one vine. I am the true vine. Brother Benham writes this in the church age book. He's quoting John 15:1 he says I 155 I am the vine the branches. He says he is the main vine that which comes out of the original root from the original seed that has the life in it. Spoken words the original seed from that original seed comes this root which is Christ the branch. So there's not any other branches that come from this. He is the one branch that comes off. Now the vine does not bear fruit. It is the branches that do that. Amen. So we're seeing this bride tree, this perfect representation of Christ and this singularity and this oneness and this unity that we share. So he is the true vine. You are a part of that true vine. Amen. We catch that. Now I'm going to read a few statements here and I I haven't provided these in the slides but so I want you to listen here of the connection between the true vine and the true church because I'm wanting to use a language about the true church. I want you to associate the vine with the true church. There is a true church brother says and a false church. There is a true vine and a false vine. So true church is true vine. He says in another place and he's quoting from the book of revelation uh revelations 3 we find the true vine true spirit true church people exalted to the very throne of god with the highest compliment ever paid to a humble steadfast spiritual group. This is where this is where it collects up the true vine which is the true church. Now, this is where there's a little bit of a transition into what our title was, our subtitle was. This church, local church, Arizona believers church serves the true church. There is a true church which all are members of that there's a there's a true church with if I can say there's a true church which all members of the body of Christ are part of. So, the true church is the body of Christ. It is the vine. It is that tree. So in that body there are members. In that vine there are branches. That's the true church. That's the same way we could refer to those two different things. Temples of the one tabernacle Christ. We could say branches of the one vine. Members of the one body. So if you've been baptized by one spirit then that's the family of God. Those are my children born of my genes. That's my family. The family of the body of Jesus Christ. He says the family. That's the true church. And this is the family tree. When I say what I want you to think of the family tree is Christ and and and you are a branch of that. You are a part of that tree genetically identical. This is the family tree. But this is where I know that you'll have to stay real close to what I'm trying to say because it's a delicate balance I want to bring. But this is distinctly different from this local church, Arizona believers church, which I could even say is our family tree. Right? So there's the family tree and something we could say as believers around the world, members of the body of Christ. Say this is our family tree. We are all members of the body of Jesus Christ. But then we recognize there's another reflection or manifestation of a body. And it's referred to as a church, a local church or this church, which can also be and I think ought to be reflective of that family tree ought to be a family tree itself. Sure, desired to be. Brother Brand makes the statement, but Christian, if you call yourself Christian, he says Christian is not a church that you belong to. You say, I'm a Christian. Well, why are you a Christian? I go to a Christian church. I'm a Protestant. Why? Because I go to a church that protested the Catholic Church. I These are the these are you could say this is what you are based upon where you go. But he says a Christian is not a church you belong to. It is an experience that you have had of being born into the family of God. So you can have a Christian church. But to be a Christian, you're born into a family. So there is a family of God. There is a true vine, there is a true church, and then there are churches. And this is a distinction that's sometimes missed because we conflate the body of Christ to our own local church. Right. And if we're not careful, what we do is we treat we treat this church as the body of Christ and then things can just start getting a little bit out of balance, right? Like this is the body of Christ. But the more proper view is all the you you want I look at every member who's here, every person that's here today, I look at you as members of the body of Christ. Not just not just members of a church. And this is the body of Christ. But this is reflective and symbolic of the true church. Because there is a difference, but there's also a connection. There is a difference, but there's also connection. And this church serves something greater than itself. This church does not exist. This church does not exist to serve itself. If I could say this even uh to the believers here uh uh who had been with brother Patterson for so long and some had been with him for decades a and pastored for so long the vision and goal of brother Patterson as he led that flock cornerstone Christian Tabernacle uh and and led them it didn't serve itself it served the body of Christ. So even when he feels led as a pastor to step down and to step away, the body of Christ doesn't discontinue. But what his the legacy of that church lives on in the hearts of these believers who are a part of something greater than just the local church. Why? Because another Sunday comes around and guess what? They're still in church. Because that church served a greater purpose than itself. Because if it only served itself, there would have been it would have been there would have been this uh uh it would have been it's necessary for this alone to continue. But what's necessary is that the believers are fed and continue. So I wish brother Chris Kavanagh could have been here this morning. His wife is out sick, but he had made a statement to me um a couple weeks ago that really caught my attention because I'd been pondering on some things and I'd even mentioned some things in a service. and he said, "I really wish you would preach on a subject that I had spoken on at a ministers meeting." And I thought, "Wow." Uh, it really brought it really focused into view to me. And so, I'm going to take a few things that I've I think we've mentioned these things to you before, but I want to go through these very slowly with you. Maybe not slowly. I don't want to put myself in a box, but I I want to go through these things with you as just a quick look at the sermon, the five definite identifications of the true church of the living God. You could go ahead and put that up there. The five definite these this is brother Brandham's title. So every each one of these words in this top he preached it 1960 September 11th. So if you want to remember 911 1960 uh he preached the five definite identifications of the true church of the living God. It's not five suggested uh characteristics of a church of a god but he's very deliberate the five definite identifications of the true church of the living God. In other words, this is just me maybe uh using his language and kind of taking some proddding that these are definitely identifications. You could come up with others perhaps, but these are definite. Yes. The the five definite identifications of the true church of the living God. And these are my summaries of the five that he outlines in this sermon. So, this is my coming up with a summary for you to kind of grasp. And I wanted them all up there in case you wanted to jot them down, you could just kind of have them up. And I'm not worried about you getting ahead of me here. But the five definite identifications of the true church and living God. It is the body of Christ. The true church is the body of Christ. And it was started by Jesus Christ. It is the body of Christ started by Jesus Christ. Its message is salvation by the new birth and divine healing. So it has a message. Its message is salvation by the new birth. And it has a message of divine healing. And the membership is through the new birth. You can only be a member, I say, use the word membership. You can only be a member of this body of Christ which Jesus Christ started by being born again by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. By one spirit, you're baptized. It's the only way. And then the fifth definite identification of the true church of the living God is it alone is predestinated to be in the resurrection and the rapture. It's just the true church that's in the resurrection. It's just the true church that's in the rapture. It's just the true church in which all members are born again by the baptism of the Holy Ghost which is your ticket in a rapture or a resurrection. So it is the body of Christ started by Jesus Christ with the message of salvation and healing and its membership is through the new birth and those who are born again into this body are the only ones that are going to come up in a resurrection the resurrection and go in the rapture. Amen. Now, with these five still before you, these definitive identifications, Brother Brandham comes up with by answering five different questions. And and so the questions that he asked, and again, I'm just pulling these through uh pulling these through the message. I think it's a very beautiful way that brother Brandham brought it out. such a tremendous uh labor and you could see just the deliberation and the anointing a and the study that how he constructed this. It's fascinating. These are the five questions. What is it? It's the body of Christ. Who set it up? Started by Jesus Christ. What is its message? Salvation by the new birth uh divine healing. How do we become a member of it? By this new birth. And can we get to heaven without it? These are the five questions. What is it? Who set it up? What is its message? How do we become a member of it? Can we get to heaven without it? Now, again, I'll just leave the leave these up here just for a moment. Uh perhaps just leave it up there till I'll tell you to take it down because I think it might be good for us just to keep looking back at this and those five questions. What is it? Who set it up? What's its message? I like this. Can we get to heaven without it? Now, can we get to heaven without it? It's a wonderful wonder, wonderful question. We know no you can't because it's only those predestinated those in the body of Christ those alone are the ones predestinated to be in the resurrection and rapture. So when he says can we get to heaven without it? He's specifically referring to the translation the resurrection and rapture. And it's in that I think we can just begin to think most logically but in a scriptural way how the local church is different than the true church. Because these five definite identifications of the true church of the living God highlight how the true church is different from the local church. And I think it's important sometimes we have a tendency to want to conflate the body of Christ and the true church with the local church to where we are so fervent of the local church that in our minds the the distinction is completely blurred and we become the true church and then guess what? You can't go to heaven unless you go to because you you you've lost lost that distinction. But this is I'm going to go through maybe I want to do this and I don't want to get bogged down in it. But let's start looking at the difference between the local church and true church. The local church is a gathering of people that require organization and structure. It's it it's important that we set a time for service so that we all kind of get here around relatively around the same time. It's important that it have structure that it have uh that it have particular order a and governments placed within it. And so the local church requires organiz in some in some states there's a requirement that in order for you to own property you have to organize. And I can remember years ago that when one of the first churches got their web address and it was.org that there was a whole sect of message believers. They were like, "See, Mark of the Beast, they're all going to hell because they the message is denominated." And it was like, "Oh, really? Okay, let's back up a little bit. Let's figure this out. Where are we in all this?" And and so there's certain legal requirements to be organized, to be formally incorporated, to have trustees and executive officers. And this is just all this is all things that may be required in a natural sense. That's part of the local church. But the true church is not an organization. Amen. And the true church is not just a gathering of people. The true church is the family of God. The local church has a physical location and serves a community. It has a physical location, but the true church is free and not bound by any boundaries. Again, I'm just taking these things straight from the message. Five different identifications of the true church of living God. And a local church members can come and go. There's people that come, they can be here for a while. They can they can be at every service. They can be paying their tithes. They can participate and then feel led of the Lord to go on and move on. And when they have done so, they may no longer be quote unquote a member of the local church, but they have not left the body of Christ by no means. Because the true church's membership, the membership is eternal by birth. In a local church, you can change shepherds, right? There's local churches that uh through time and through circumstance, you can have a church can have one name. It can have one group of people, but the the the pastor can change and a new pastor come and be over it. So, a local church can have multiple pastors over its lifetime. But the true church has one shepherd forever, Christ. There's no change in shepherds. The local church has three kinds of believers. As believers, we all say, "Amen." That's right. We think about our neighbors in the apartment next door who didn't come to church this morning. But every church has, we're taught has three kinds of believers. But the true church is only believers. That's right. Local church. Don't amen too loud with this one. But local churches have politics, divisions, clicks, splits. It's in the local church that there's big I's and little U's. Amen. But the true church is an indivisible body with no unnecessary members. No big eyes, no little U's. There's no schism in that body. Paul had to admonish local churches that there not be divisions, there not be politicking, there not be clicks. But in the body of Christ, there is no. He says in 1 Corinthians 1:13, is Christ divided? No. So when you say, I am of Paul, I am of Apollos. Brother Randy, you may remember, maybe sister Lori, you may remember brother Perry Green's principal. It was North Side Tabernacle. It was Love Divine. It was Tucson Tabernacle. It was Evening Light Fellowship. It wasn't, oh, Brother Doug's and Brother Bakers. And it was he used the name of the church, because but what it's easy, I know, sometimes just to say, "Oh, I go to brother so and so's church." But Christ is not divided, right? We may be and not in a sense of actual division or conflict but we are separated in a sense and we gather in our different gatherings as the Lord would lead us but that doesn't separate the body of Christ. Paul says is Christ divided? No. But you divide yourself. I am a Paul. I'm of apost. But the body of Christ is not divided. There is no there are no politics. There are no schisms. There are there is no breach in that body. Amen. as it says in I don't have these there brother John so if you could just keep this up here in Galatians 3 27 and 29 for as many as you have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ there is neither Jew nor Greek there's neither bond nor free there's neither male nor female for you are all one in Christ Jesus and if you be Christ then you are Abraham's seed and hes according to the promise all are equally accepted through faith God's not standing there and saying by faith you believe but are you a gentile yeah Okay, go over here. By faith, you believe. Are you a gentile? No. Are you a woman? Yes. Go over here. You know, I guess he doesn't want to assume you're gender. So, he just you go over here. And and there's not just this dividing based upon gender, bond or free. We're all We all have equal rights and access to God's blessings and promises. All external distinctions disappear in Christ. And we are all Abraham's seeds, heirs of the promise. In other words, heirs according to the promise, heirs of God. All of us together collectively one. That's in the church. That that's in the true church. But then in a local church, we're taught to let your women keep silence in the churches. That there's even instructions to servants. The the bond within churches. Even Paul with Fleiman sends him back to the church and he says, uh uh uh let him be to you not as a servant anymore, but receive him as one that is free. In other words, there are still some of these distinctions that could exist. I'm not saying necessarily to bond or free, but we know that within churches, there's churches sometimes that are purely a church that speaks French. There's churches that speak only Spanish. There's ones that have different languages. And and is there anyone say, "Oh, well that they can't be some other church that speaks Swahili. There can't be another church. We all need to come together and form one church." No. Those distinctions will exist in local churches. But in the body of Christ, it's one language, one mind, one DNA, one fa father. And all those sting distinctions disappear. But on a local church level, these things can still remain. So then how does our church, this church fit in with the true church and its calling? Just as much as these identifications show how the true church is different from this church or a local church, it's these characteristics that also identify the common goal and purpose of a local church. The vision and purpose of this church must promote the edification of the true church. Thank you for that slide. The local church, the local church must have the same message as the true church. It's a it's reflecting salvation by the new birth, justification, sanctification, baptism, holy ghost. That's the message of the of the local church. It preaches repentance and water baptism. It preaches divine healing. The local church has the same message as the true church. The purpose of this church and it was even articulated in the vision we shared last week and uh uh and that we've had since the beginning. It's to lead lead those who come lead our members to partake to become a part of the true church. Uh my desire as a pastor is not that you just would all come a and and be members of this church, but I would desire that as you come your membership in the body of Christ is secured or made known. that I would know your testimony, Brother Aaron. I know I'm new to your church, but uh in fellowship. What's your testimony? Oh, I was raised in the message. I received the Holy Ghost at this time. I've been a member of the body of Christ ever since then. Then I I recognize your position in the body of Christ. And I and and I have peace then in teaching the word of God that that that part's been made. And then anyone else who wouldn't have a testimony, my burden, my desire for these young men on the front row who won't wiggle their fingers, these my desire is that they would receive the new birth experience. I don't want them just to become good church members, learn to run the camera, learn to play the instruments, everybody who's serving together so we can have a really, really good youth group. No, I want them to meet God face to face. And if if meeting God face to face and feeling Owen with the baptism of the Holy Ghost means that God would call him uh to go preach the gospel somewhere and start a churchying, I would say, "No, you belong here. You're under my ministry." No, God, take your son. Place him where he belongs. Hallelujah. So we want we want the people to be to have the new birth experience then to preach the word to establish them in the truth. Encourage them to partake in all the benefits of the true church not the benefits of this church. The benefits of this church. Uh there could be certain benefits that maybe we say well the benefits of this church where we go now. You might list some of the benefits. And uh the church we had before the benefits is it it had like 114 rooms and had a full bar and a nice patio with the fire feature and everything. And you say those are the benefits of going to this church. You know all the amenities and all the all the different things that churches can offer. And uh but what the the purpose and goal of a local church isn't to offer benefits so that you become faithful to this church to that church but ultimately despite whatever might be provided at what that's driving all that is that we're providing a place for you to learn of all your benefits in the true church and take advantage of those. There are some people that treat church they just come and go. They just come and go and they don't they don't ever take part in all the other benefits that the church has to the local church has to offer. And maybe it begs the question, are they not take partaking in all the benefits that the body of Christ has to offer by the way that they treat treat church? So we want to encourage then what we do is we encourage the leadership of the Holy Ghost and the liberty of Christ in each believer. We encourage it. Amen. Amen. It's what we desire to see the leadership of the Holy Ghost in the individual's life and the and to see the liberty of Christ in each believer. That's why we have I've purposed in my heart and and and I want to be careful how I say this because I know we've each had different experiences and I think I certainly think there's an element of truth to it. But how many have ever been in a situation where you were told maybe through counseling or fellowship or something you were you were seeking guidance or you were sharing something that you felt led to do and you say, "Well, I feel led to do this." And the person you're talking to says, "Well, I can't say anything because you said you felt led." Anybody ever had that happen before, right? Okay, good. I'll just preach to you. Because you sit there and say, "Well, um, I believe that God's calling me to do this." And and it's almost as if the person who ought to be giving you counsel out of it. They pull the pilot. They're going to just wash their hands of this. Well, you told me God told you, so I can't say anything. Really? So, if I told you that God told me to go rob a bank, you're gonna be like, "Sorry, sorry." Can't say anything because you said God said, "God told me to kill my wife and marry a new one." God told you. But what a what a what a I believe in my heart as a man of God, if you told me you felt led to do something, in my heart of hearts, I am not neutral. I want you to follow God's word. I want you to follow God's will. I want you to follow God's will for your life. So I realize I can have an idea of what it is. You can have an idea of what it is. You believe God wants you to do this. Then I believe that I have an obligation if you came to me as a pastor to talk to you about it. Well, that's wonderful. Let's talk about it. Not to give you my opinion or tell you what I think you ought to do, but actually say, "Well, you feel led to do this or God is telling you to do this this. Let's walk through this process of how God spoke to you. Let's at least talk about it." And then if I could say, "But brother, according to the word of God, I don't believe you should kill your wife and marry another one." Right? Like I certainly would have that uh that authority to do it. But ultimately, end of the day, what you desire is to see that each believer is following the leadership of the Lord in their life. Says in Romans 8:14, "For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God." Amen. It doesn't say as many as follow their pastor, but it's for as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are sons of God. There are millions and millions of people that follow their pastor, but they're not necessarily sons of God just because they follow the pastor. You understand the distinction I'm making? All all lontainees are singers, right? But not all singers are lontains. All sons of God are led by the spirit of God. Right? All of and being led by the spirit of God. They make themselves subject to gifts. They make themselves subject to to authorities and they and they follow a certain way. But just because you see somebody as a really really fervent and passionate follower of a church doesn't mean they're a son of God unless they're following the leadership of God. So let me just share something with you. I think that'll help you. If anyone ever asks you, why does that person go to that church? Just immediately assume because they feel led. Just immediately assume that. Why do they go to that church? Well, I'm assuming they feel led as sons and daughters of God to go to that church, right? I I I'm just that would be what I that would be the grace I'd want people to give me, right? Why did brother Aaron go to church and start go to Phoenix to start a church? Well, I I like the the those who have said, "Well, brother Aaron's doing it. I just imagine he was I believe he felt led to do it." And I have been led to do it. But that's for me. You know, in that sense, when God leads one son to do something, that doesn't become a mandate for everybody to weigh in on it. Well, he feels led to go to that church. Well, I don't feel led to go to church. And this is my reasons why for not doing it. You don't even need to say anything. You don't need to justify your staying. You don't need to justify your going. Are you led by the spirit of God? Brother Brandham said the sen is up. The slaves to sin and church denomination, church annity, and all those things. You are free. Whom the Son hath set free is free indeed. You shall know the truth of the truth shall make you free. My original inspiration for this was a family free. That as a family we're free. When you recognize your position, oh hallelujah. When you recognize your position in the body of Christ, then you're free. It's not recognizing your place in Arizona believers church. That's what brings bondage. When you feel that you're so tied to a church name, a church pastor, then you can be dominated and you can be held in bondage. But when you recognize your place in Jesus Christ, then you're free. Thank you, Lord. Brother Joshua, you had asked me in an email a month ago, what does brother Brandon mean about church entity? I hope you don't mind me mentioning it. And I thought it was a wonderful question. I won't tell tell you how long it took me to answer that, but I thought it was a very good question. Okay, it was a month, right? Sorry. But I had always kind of taken that word church annity just kind of just churchiness, right? Just an emphasis on church. And I searched it and brother Bram says church annities and church annity around 20 times. And I thought, well, I want to learn what this word is. and being the etmologist that I am, which isn't the study of insects, I looked it up and there's a word called churchianity. So whether or not it's he's meaning to say churchianity and it's just being uh written a certain way, but churchianity is an excessive or narrowly secretarian attachment to the practices and interest of a particular church. So when brother man says we're free of church annity, church annities or churchianity, we're free from the successive narrow secretarian dividing attachment to the practices and interest of a particular church. You realize that we could become so narrow in our view of the message and Christ to where all of a sudden we are just narrowly attached to the practices of this church, the interest of this church, this particular church, and we don't recognize the role that we play in the broader vision of God's family. Brother man said the voice of politics is actually stronger than the voice of God in the churches. This is the voice of politics is actually stronger than the voice of God in the churches. That's a direct statement. We know and we're taught that local churches have sovereignty, right? Local churches having sovereignty. That means they're not controlled by outside forces. They're they're free from external control. This is in the natural. The local church, Brother says, it's sovereign. He's meaning that they don't answer to a board. They're not answering to headquarters and being told what to do in their services. They don't they don't have somebody on the outside placing things. There's no formal structure, a a local church in its body in its unit as far as pastor, associate pastor, deacon, trustee. He says even in that there there's no dictator in the church. They all have one vote. And he's saying this is that in itself is a is is a is sovereign a sovereign not controlled by outside forces. But the local church is not a sovereign over the true church cuz that's a different word. It means to be supreme. It means to be ruler. It means to be master of. The local church is not the master of the true church. Right? Brother Brandham never placed even the local church as master over the families. He never t took the pastor and shoved out the husband and put him in the place of the husband. No, those things remain intact according to the word of God. within the church. This church begins to kind of recognize its place. Says, "I want to stay in my lane. I want to want to serve the purpose because the local church has sovereignty or is sovereign, not controlled by outside forces, but it serves a greater force. It serves a greater master because it's not sovereign over the body of Christ." I've run out of time. And so I appreciate that. But um I want to be very very careful here, brother. The G I'll just quickly refer to these things in first if you could put up there 1 Corinthians 12. You're you are the body of Christ and members in particular. So that's that oneness. And it's amazing to think the problems that Paul was dealing with in the Corinthian church and think about what his solution was. Ponder this. These this this division, the schism, the the the the sin that was existing within the local church and Paul is orienting them so much to the fact that there's something bigger than them. You recognize it. We've read from chapter 3, chapter uh chapter 12, chapter 10. Uh we referred to chapter 1. This is all from 1 Corinthians again now chapter 12 again. And there's all these references in here. And I have references here before me in chapter 14 that that he's all he's taking things and there's a way that you could break this down. So I guess I am just gonna go ahead and run with it. Break this down to where Paul is saying this is the local church. That's where the problems exist. But then there's a true church true church and there's no problems that exist there. And that if you want to resolve the problems in the local church, harmonize your vision with the true church. recognize your place as members of this local church in the body of Christ in the true church and all of a sudden it begins to be a paradigm shift and you start to address things the right way. You start to deal with sin. You start to change your attitude. We're not of Apollos. We're not of Paul. We're not of Arizona believers. We're not of cornerstone. We are of the body of Christ. And then you begin to take your place in the body of Christ. And that makes you a fruitful member of the local church. Amen. And he says he set some in the church, apostles, prophets. And he gives a ranking here. First, apostles, secondary, prophets, teachers, miracles, gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues. What are all these gifts? Gifts and ministries within the body of Christ. When brother says you're baptized in the body of Christ, what does he say? It makes you subject to these gifts. He says, "What good would the gifts do outside of the body?" So they work within they their their gifts and ministries within the body of Christ that work within the framework of what the local church. This is where they have their opportunity to be expressed. This is where they function amongst the family of believers, the body of believers. Brother Bam refers to this even a local church as your post of duty. We have a home church. So you have these gifts that exist in the body of Christ and now they become they find their post of duty or they find their home in a local church. But then those gifts, brother said, are subject to the word. Just as even an example, how there can be a gift according to the word and to be a gifted man. He's a member of the body of Christ, but then he he's called to be a shepherd. He's called to be a pastor. So when God anoints a man and gives him this gift, he says in this ranking of apostles and prophets and teachers that we know in Ephesians, it refers to that uh the that he's given us these gifts and one is being a pastor. When God calls a man to be a pastor, he's not a pastor to the body of Christ. Right. And so I I could just I could just walk into one of these high-end stores. We'll go to uh maybe there's a boutique in Paradise Valley and just kind of walk in and say, "Excuse me, are you a Christian? Professing believer. When's the last time you paid tithe?" Well, I don't pay tithe. Well, I'm a pastor to the body of Christ. If you don't mind, you can either give me a 10% discount or just pay me give me give me your tithing right now. There's no you can't just make everyone subject to you. But what does God do? He places them as Peter said, "Feed the flock of God which is 1 Peter 5:2. Feed the flock of God which is among you. Woe unto you worldwide web, right? Where all of a sudden we feel that our ministry expands beyond the flock among us and we begin to make the audience those beyond the fourth wall." Yeah. It's one of the things you don't break, right? Am I right? It's one of those things you don't break in film unless you're trying to make a point is you never look directly into the camera, right? It's the fourth wall in film. It's something that's not done unless it's for a dramatic instance. It's something done can be done very effectively within cinematography. And it's something that we have to be very careful of as ministers is not to break the fourth wall because you're to feed the flock of God which is among you. I may be called to be a pastor, but I'm not a pastor to the world. I'm not a pastor to flocks around the world. I'm called to pastor those. He gave us the word of the Lord. Those who he's ordained to put here. And we've had a confidence since day one that this was God that was doing it. And he would call his sheep home and they would find their own fold and they would find be part of their own family and their own flock. And so that's a position within a local church. But these gifts though are for the health and strength of the true church. Do you realize that? Otherwise, very literally, if if the gift is to the local church and then as a pastor of the local church, my goal is to just build the local church and it's not for the health and benefit of the true church. Think of how empty that is because there's no guarantee of salvation just by being a part of a church, local church. It just all of a sudden what is it? It does become a cult. It becomes an organization. It becomes what so many people have turned Christianity into. They treat church now like they do restaurants. How many How many tables do we have? We have 125 tables. All right. We need to turn them over every hour. See how many services we can get in. It's exactly what it's become. So uh these gifts, these positions, they may operate within a local church, but they have a duty to the true church and a position. They must first have a position in the true church. Bam says, "All these things that go in the local body, what does it say in Ephesians 4:12?" And let me just read this quick. Perfecting the saints, edifying of the body of Christ, till we all come into the unity of the faith, the knowledge of the son of God, the stature of the measure of the fullness of Christ. So the goal isn't a perfect local church. The goal is his saints in his body, the perfecting of them, the perfecting of the saints, the perfecting the building up of the body of Christ, the unity of the faith, the knowledge of the son of God to preach the word of God until the members of the true church come into the stature of the perfect man. The goal isn't a perfect local church. The goal is that the people would get the true revelation of the true church and what she is and what she stands for. It's not to get a revelation of who your pastor is. It's to get a revelation of the true church and what she stands for. That's the goal. Get the people to get a true revelation of the true church and what she stands for, what she is, and what she stands for. And that she can do their greater work. She will be an invincible army. That's the goal of the local church is that the people of God will get the true revelation of the true church and what she is and what she stands for and that you, the member of the true church, can do the greater works. She will be an invincible army. We may not be an invincible church. There's churches that are ordained of God and moved of God and they're not invincible. They're not eternal. They don't always last, but they served an eternal purpose and they'll have a legacy in eternity. Brother says, "And all these things go into each local body. And every person in the church has an individual ministry." And that individual ministry goes together with the rest of the ministry to edify the body of Jesus Christ. That's the goal. These things are in the local body and these gifts work together subject to the word but to do what? To edify the body of Christ. And therefore it gives us it gives you pause. It gives you pause as as people. I believe that as Christians we ought to do this. Don't give up on me now, brother Loyel. that it gives us it gives us pause as as ministers as believers that I don't want to just I don't want to act in such a way that it's self-s serving I I I don't even want to just think in such a way to where what makes my church look good but what edifies the body of Christ what won't bring smut on the message what glorifies God what honors the Lord what honors one another And how is it that I can act and how is it that I can do things that if if I don't take it in consideration? You could say that you could do that, but what would that do to the body of Christ? You could act that way, but what would that do to the body of Christ? And and by no means am I eliciting some restraint or bondage to a man of God. If it's in the word, it's for the body. Now, let me read this. You're thinking, "How in the world are you just going to wind your way around to Genesis 21?" Well, I'm just going to read it at the end. I don't even need to connect it. This is my last quote, I think. Last paragraph of the church age book. Very last things you'll read. Some of the very last things you'll read. I maybe it's I realize this maybe I just I left a little bit out um in this, but maybe I just need to look it up. I I have this up here for my clock and for the songs. And uh maybe I'll just pull this up here. You don't mind, do you? If I just use this uh fruit of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, kind of redeeming the curse here and just uh see if I've left something out here. Oh boy, there's a lot here. Um it says this. Do you have it? Pull it up. So we conclude this. We conclude the seven church ages saying only what the spirit said to each age. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith to the churches. You see that? This is what he concludes. I'm conclude. I'm in concluding my book. This is what I want to conclude is only what the spirit says. He that hath an ear. So it's he that has an ear ordained to hear. Have an e a r in your h e a r t to h e a r an ear in your heart to hear. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit say to the churches. I sincerely believe that the spirit of God has been speaking to us. not only teaching us the truth of the ages, but he has been faithfully dealing with hearts that may that they may turn to him. That is the reason for all preaching and teaching. Are we Are we That is the reason for all preaching and teaching. For it is in the preaching and the teaching of the word that the sheep hear the voice of God and follow him. Think of how perfectly he's setting this forth. That's the reason for all preaching. That's the reason for all teaching is that by teaching the word and preaching the word, you hear his voice, not mine, but his voice and you follow him. Cuz he says, not for one moment do I bring a message to the people that they may follow me or join my church or start some fellowship and organization. In other words, that's not the end all. That's not the goal. That's not the reason for preaching. That's not the reason for God vindicating his ministry. is not that they would follow him or join a church or just start some church organization. I've never done that and will not do that now. I have no interest in those things. But I do have an interest in the things of God and people. This is why you go to this and you go to what our church vision is. You'll find that we're mapping this perfectly because this is our vision that we preach. We start a church. We preach the word of God. Not that anyone would follow us or become part of a dynamic local church, but that this is our interest, the things of God and people. And if I can accomplish just one thing, I will be satisfied. That one thing is to see established a true spiritual relationship between God and men, wherein men become new creations in Christ, filled with the spirit, and live according to his word. Yes, Lord. And he says, 'I would invite, plead and warn all to hear his voice at this time and yield your lives completely to him even as I trust in my heart that I've given my all to him. God bless you and may his coming rejoice your heart. Amen. That ends it. That's the resume of the ends the church age book in our some of our compilations of the message. Those are the last words you read. Isn't that a beautiful last statement? Think of it. Just just be spiritual now. that that let's just say that that becomes the final the final thing. Of course, with his last sermon being communion, just put those together and may his coming rejoice his heart. It's almost as if you take a step back and look at what the whole message is declaring to us. He's saying, does it rejoice your heart? What is it? What has it done for you? What has it produced for you? If I can accomplish just one thing, I'll be satisfied. That's the goal and the vision of the true church or that's the only way you become a part of the true church and then that's what a local church wants to support and facilitate. Not to create such hard structure that we're just so quick. I think I've said it before. We're so quick when people leave. Well, they went out from us because they weren't part of us. Instead of saying, you know what, the body of Christ is a many membered body. It places people all over the place. God bless him and be with him. Genesis 21:33. And Abraham planted a grove. I'm going to just pick right up with this, Lord willing, next Sunday. And Abraham planted a grove in Beerseba and called there in this grove called there on the name of the Lord the everlasting God. In other words, Abraham planted a tree and made it a place to worship God. I'll expound upon it in greater detail, Lord willing. But this is an act of revelation. What he does in this instance, go back and read this chapter. I think you'll start to connect these things together on your own. This was an act of revelation that looked back to the garden and looked forward to Christ. That's right. When he plants this tree, immediately connects it back to the paradise of God and the tree of life. And it points forward to Christ, which is the tree of life. When he planted that tree, it had purpose and meaning. And I want you to think of this. He didn't plant the tree for himself. It was connected to something greater than him. It wasn't Abraham's tree. It was a place where you called on the name of the Lord. And then this phrase that's not yet seen, the everlasting God. And the word there, Abraham planted a grove. It's viewed as a tree, though it's called a grove. The pando, 40,000 trees, but called one grove. one tree. It's symbolic of our family tree. What I want you to see in Genesis 21:33, when Abraham planted a grove, it represents even the local church where those who are ordained from the beginning and be with him in the end can come and gather under the shade of a tree and call upon the name of the Lord, the everlasting God, and be a reflection of the true church. We love you today. Thank you so much for your attentiveness, your pulling on the word of God. Let's stand together.
