################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2022-02-23 - 10 Barriers and Boundaries - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2022-02-23
Title:   10 Barriers and Boundaries
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WwjFQI1sfMQ
========================================

Description:
10 Barriers and Boundaries  (Love Has Limits)
Wednesday Service: February 23, 2022
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
that Matthew chapter 7 verse 1, judge not that you be not judged. For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged. With what measure ye, it shall be measured to you again. Why beholdest thou the moat that is in thy brother's eye? But consider not the beam that is in thine own eye. Or how will thou say to thy brother, Let me pull out the moat out of thine eye, and behold, the beam is in thine own eye. Thou hypocrite, first cast out the beam out of thine own eye. Then thou shalt see clearly to cast out the moat of thy brother's eye. Give not that which is holy unto the dogs, neither cast ye your pearls before swine, lest they trample them under their feet, and turn again and rend you. Man, you could take your seats. As I mentioned, we're going to continue on the thought of love has limits. And I as much as I would love to go back over some of the principles that we were expressing on Sunday, I just will say that the word defines the parameters, the borders um you know the the heming in and behind of what love is. And we've taken it in Corinthians where it tells us what love is and what it does, what it isn't, what it doesn't. We've kind of been using that uh to define what the limits of love are. that love just isn't going to act any way and it acts a particular way, it expresses itself in a particular way. And we were touching on how at the at the second portion of the service on Sunday, how the the type of how the body when the body says no to something and the body's nearing a limit or it's suffering something. So, the body begins to signal and we use the example of the death zone uh in mountain climbing that you're not meant to live. You cannot live in that zone. You can never get used to it. you can never acclimatize to that lack of oxygen. So, the body uh begins to manifest certain symptoms and what you need to do is get out of the death zone in order to survive. So, those are some of the things that we were talking about. And I'm just going to jump into uh I want you to kind of have that in mind that we've been using this thought of love and the parameters of love. You'll turn to Matthew chapter 22. I'm going to start with verse 34 and read a particular passage that uh we'll just take a deep breath. We'll start with this and if we uh run out of time we'll pick it up at another time. It says in Matthew chapter 22 34 to 40. But the Pharisees when they heard that he had put the Sadducees to silence. And it's a wonderful wonderful to read these exchanges that he has with these people who are coming to question him in order to trip them up. And Pharisees find out that he kind of he shut the mouth of the Sadducees. And to some, you know, to some extent they might have been fist bumping a little bit like, "Yeah, he got him. He really showed him, but let's show that we can trip them up." And it says they gather themselves together. And one of them, a lawyer, those lawyers, they're always going to get you in trouble, asked him a question, trying him, trying to tempt him, trying to get him to to stumble. Teacher, which is the great commandment in the law. Now, think about that. Going to ask Jesus, uh, this teacher, this one who's developed this following, this one who's just put the Sadducees to silence, uh, kind of look at the law and if you could, if you could for us, what's the what's could you rank them? What's your top 10 or what's the number one? what's the greatest commandment of them all? Some look at the scripture and they say that uh he was actually asking him to rank the ten commandments. Which one would be the greatest? Which one would be the least? And if you were to rearrange it, what's your top 10? But it is an interesting question to challenge Jesus to go into the law and pull out the one that would be the greatest. And he answers and he said unto him, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the great and first commandment and a second like unto it is this. Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. On these two commandments the whole law hangeth and the prophets. Uh this is uh these scriptures are worthy of a lot more time than we'll give it tonight. Maybe uh the time that we might give it in the next service in referring back to this. And so I don't mean to do it any disservice at all if in using this at the outset um you're expecting maybe a real deep dive into these things. I just let you know right now I just want to pull something out very quickly in this a and and with the context of this exchange and this challenge that's being made to Jesus to rank the rank the commandments and he zeros in on this one and another place in the reading it says it kind of shut their mouths. They they they ded not asked him any more questions after this. In one of the readings, it kind of silenced them. And his answer in one of the readings, they say, "Wow, you've said well. You've spoken very well to these things." But notice how Jesus says, "The first commandment is, thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart and with all thy soul and with all thy mind." So that's the that's the love of God that we must first have. And then thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. If we look at this, these are three different manifestations of love and it's all the same love. the verb that's being used. But you have a love for God, which was with all thy heart, soul, and mind. But then you also have a love for yourself. You recognize that in this? And then you have a love for your neighbor. And the first love is to God. The first love is for God. And then he says that the second commandment is like to this and it's uh part of this. It's together with this. And we see Paul coming back later and blending these two together and how all the law and the prophets hang on these things. Thou shalt love thy neighbor. But it says how thy also how you also love yourself. So love is first to God and then you have a love for yourself and then a love for your neighbor. And if I could put it this way in the beginning, this is how I want you to start thinking about where we're uh examining this and love has limits. You cannot love yourself correctly or love your neighbor correctly unless you first love God. Uh there's a lot of people that do things for the sake of self and and I want to be me. I want to be true to myself and I I I want I want to be I want to be identified with who I really am and my nature and uh what I feel that I am. But you cannot truly love yourself unless you first love God. You're never going to be able to accurately love your neighbor as you love yourself until you first love God. In 1 John 4:es 19, 20, and 21, it says we love him because he first loved us. We can never argue with God that we we I said I love you first or I loved you first. I was attracted to you first. I asked you out. No, he's wooed us from the beginning. His love was first to us, and we love him because he first loved us. If a man say, I love God and hateth his neighbor, he is a liar. Hateth his brother, he is a liar. For he that loveth not his brother whom he hath seen, how can he love God whom he hath not seen? Want you to recognize kind of the order of this that it's the love of God that is evidenced in loving our brother? Because if we hate our brother, he said the conclusion is you don't have the love of God. So we're we're able to love our brother through the love of God that we have in our hearts. And this commandment have we from him that he who loveth God love his brother also. So to say that uh thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself, the love for yourself and the love of your neighbor is an expression of the love of God. That you you love the God with love God with all your heart, with all your soul and with all your mind and with this love that you have towards God. That would be that would maybe be a love that's uh within within heart, soul, and mind. It it's a love that you're very conscious of. It's a love that's projected towards God. a love that's coming towards you and then we could see this love then for thy neighbor there'd be some manifestation there'd be some expression of this that you love your neighbor but it's you love your neighbor with the love you have for yourself you following me in that I I feel like this is something I just want to kind of I want to break down says we say love thy neighbor as thyself you recognize then you have to have a love for yourself that has if you can say well then how do I love how do I love my neighbor well how do you love yourself and the Bible believe in it kind of hints at the way that the flesh instinctively act says no man no man has ever hated his own flesh. So in some ways there's some idea about myself and what I would prefer and what I would want. I'm reminded of a story one time where a mother uh had made a cake and asked the kids to come in and get a piece of cake and and they ran in and the one that got there first grabbed the biggest piece. And so the younger one getting there second got the smaller piece and the the one sitting there holding the smaller piece said, "Well, if I had gotten here first, I would have given you the bigger piece." And he said, "Well, you ended up with the one you were going to have. What are you what are you what are you complaining about?" Right? Because there's, you know, there that's kind of the way we think sometimes is I want the big piece and well, if it was me, I would have given you the big piece. Well, you got what you would have gotten to begin with. What are we complaining for? That's why you have one person cut and the other person choose. And that's how that's how you keep people honest. I did one time, this is a good story. I don't know if we need to stop the tape, but this is a good story. I got to share it. We went to a dinner uh it was for my brother was getting married and we went to a dinner, really, really nice steakhouse. And at the end of the dinner, we were going to split dessert. And I was sitting next to a brother, wonderful brother. He will go, he who will not be mentioned by name. And he is not my blood brother either, but we were going to split a carrot cake. I love carrot cake. And what's what's one of the best parts of the carrot cake besides the carrot, right? Icing. So I I said, "You go ahead and split it, Brother Kyle." and he took the carrot cake and cut it in half, took the top part with all the icing and handed me the rest. And I was like, "What in the world? How do you split cake?" I was like, "That was one of the that was the that was when the only child really really he had never split a cake before, ever in his whole life. He didn't know how to split a cake." And so there's a if that's what you would do to your we're thinking I don't know how we got on carrot cake but I'm starting to get a hankering for good carrot cake. But there's there's this thought process if I'm to love my neighbor as I love myself. The first maybe you back up and say well then how do I what do I think of myself? How do I love myself? Because I may be treating others. I'm kind of getting way ahead of myself in this. I may be treating others kind of through this instinct of how I treat myself. And that's never going to be right until you first find disharmony with your heart, soul, and mind in your in love with God. There's if there's some discontinuity with your peace at with God and in some unrest and some fear in that relationship, it's going to tend to project in uh towards yourself and towards others. So, kind of just if you feel like you can check out at this point, um there's some real gold in that. If you could jot it down fast enough, you can go to um a place that serves carrot cake before it closes because I'm just going to amplify that uh as we continue. So this love for yourself, this love for your neighbor is an expression of the love of God. Jesus says in John 13:es 34-35, a new commandment I give unto you, that's a very bold statement in light of the fact that what is the great commandment and we we we believe in the law and all the law and the prophets. And he said, I'm going to give you a new commandment that you love one another as I have loved you that you also love one another. So it's this love in harmony and continuity with the love of Christ. By this shall all men know that you are my disciples if you have love one to another. So love for God is made manifest in our love towards one another. That this is how men are going to know that you are my disciples. That you that you love you love your brother. A man that loves God loves his brother also. You cannot hate your brother, mistreat your neighbor and then claim that you're doing it in the love of God and in the name of God. So if you love one another, this is an expression of family, the family of God and the blood of Jesus Christ. And to say that thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself together with love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, soul, and mind. This there's this rem wonderful remarkable interaction between the love of yourself and the love of your neighbor. And I want to look at if we could look at where we begin with Matthew 7:es 1:2 to start looking how these things relate to one another. He says, "Judge not that you be not judged. For with what judgment ye judge, ye shall be judged, and with what measure ye meet, it shall be measured to you." Again, there is so much um to be expressed in this on this judge not that you be not judged. But it's saying with the measure that you measure by, you'll be measured by it also. And and it's part of your testimony. Uh kind of the way that you measure things a and your opinion of things and your measure of things, you're also going to be measured by it as well. And there's there's ways that you can begin to ponder this and think about how that if you have a particular testimony and you always do things a certain way or you do things very harshly, then people are going to react and respond to you in terms of the measure, the way that you are measured, the way that you are expressed. And it fits very beautifully within the context of barriers and boundaries because a boundary is a measure of something. It's the extent of something. It's the limits of something. So judge not that you be not judged because with whatever measure or judgment that you judge with or measure with, you're also going to be measured as well. So it's talking about some sort of limits of something, the reach of something and even the extent to which you do something. So it's expressive of how how you respect things, how you judge things, how you relate to things and it stands for the principle that if you are and I I'll use it in this context if you're severe and harsh with other people then it'll instigate the same to you. Bible teaches us that a soft answer turneth away wrath. Why? Because it's in the softness and the appropriateness and the reasonleness of that answer. It's not provoking and instigating something to respond in kind. It's why Jesus says that if you they smite you on the cheek, that kind of condescending h uh action towards you, if you fight back, uh uh then you're escalating things. When when you confront something, you're escalating it. But here, uh so that's kind of what the idea is. If whatever you're measuring out, you're probably instigating the same to you. Well, you're always hard on everybody else and you're always doing this and you're always doing that. then other people are going to measure you by the same thing. Says it this way in Luke chapter 6 two verses in verses 37 and 38. Judge not and you shall not be judged. So I think sometimes there's a very like the cliffnotes of it is don't judge. Don't judge. Don't judge. But you take the whole word of God and we are required to judge. So there's a judging not that you do and there's a judging that you must also do. But then in this light he's saying if you don't judge you won't be judged. And so then it speaks to this principle that it's not that we don't ever want to judge, but if you're going to judge, you better be judging with the right thing, the right standard. Judge not, you shall not be judged. Condemn not, and you shall not be condemned. Forgive and you shall be forgiven. Give and it shall be given unto you. Good measure, pressed down and shaken together and running over. It's a beautiful poetry that Christ uses here in terms of something being measured, but it's actually being compacted down, pressed down so that whatever vessel would be measuring, you're getting the fullest of it. You're you're you're not being defraed. You're not nothing's being withheld from you and shaken. And even running over, something was to be filled up to the point where it's running over. You're not being cheated on what you're getting in return. Nothing's being held back from you. No blessing is being restrained. some sort of affection or or giving, offering in some way to do something for someone else. He says, "Give and it shall be given to you good measure, pressed down, shaken together, running over a lot of different images that are coming up in terms of measurements and and and fluids and spices and things." He says, "And shall and these things," he says, "shall men give into your bosom. For with the same measure that you meet with all, it shall be measured to you again." If you exhibit a grace and patience to others, in time they will likewise exhibit a grace and patience towards you. If you have ever been very short or very curt or impatient with somebody else, ultimately they will likewise begin to measure you the same way or measure the relationship the same way because at the very least you're establishing the parameters of how we react to one another and relate to one another within the context of this relationship. Oh, this is how we do things. When we want to get something done, we raise our voice. when we want to get something to done, we just do it ourselves and apologize for it later. You're kind of establishing the standard operating procedures by the way that you act. And Jesus saying that whatever measure you meet out, it'll be measured to you again. So, we we begin to become very circumspect with the way that we act, way that we think. Jesus says it this way in verse 12 of Matthew chapter 7. I was going to read all the way to this point uh but in in our text but I felt just jumping to it would be wonderful even though it is dealing with asking and receiving which fits very well with these uh things that we're reading. It says therefore all things whatsoever you would that men should do to you do ye even so to them for this is the law and the prophets. In Matthew chapter 22, the whole law hangeth and the prophets hangeth on these two commandments. Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart and with all thy soul and with all thy mind. And thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself. Jesus puts it this way in these in the sermon on the mount that to do whatever you would want someone to do to you, you do to them also. And somehow this is summarizing and in and capturing the law and the prophets in the same way that we would love the Lord thy God with all our heart, soul, and mind and that we would love our neighbors as ourselves. It's somehow embodied in in summed up in this principle that do to others as you would have them do unto you. Are you thinking about this? Would you agree that that's a good principle to live by? Is this is what they call the golden rule. Am I right about that? Golden rule. Do unto others as they would have them do unto you. It exists in a lot of different other theologies and religions and uh and belief systems. And and for us, those of us in Christianity, we would derive maybe the golden rule from this. Do ye even so to them. For this is the law and the prophets. Whatever someone you would want someone to do to you, you do to someone else. I know there's some different takes on this in that there's a platinum rule. They kind of take the golden rule and what has to be more valuable than that. They come up with the platinum rule and um some of them I think some of the teachings on it is that the platinum rule is do to somebody else treat someone how they would want to be treated. And then I think maybe another take on it is treat others. The platinum rule would be treat others as Christ would treat them. And those those are those are some nice principles that would certainly be applicable. But the Bible, Christ, whether you want to call this a golden rule or not, he's saying this is the law and the prophets. Treat others how you want to be treated. That's that that's that's significant. That's very substantial. And I know maybe in our minds we're thinking, well, brother Aaron, where's that how does that fit into the third pull? I well it's it's uh it's the word of God that's instructing the soul for a purpose and this the word of God em embodies redemption and there there shouldn't be anything in this word of God that we would be very that we'd be quick to dismiss and just say well that's for the Baptist or that's for the Methodist and let the others have that let the Pentecostals have this. We want it all. Right? We want it all. We want all the word of God. So, if there's a if there's a particular itch that you want scratched in terms of the deep things, let me tell you, there's depth in this. There's tremendous depth in looking at this that we do unto others as you'd have them do unto you. And we will treat others, if I could put it this way, and this might be the little bit of the catch that I want you to consider, because in the in the evolution of humanity and in the the nature and nurture of our lives, we don't think perfectly. We don't react perfectly. We don't process things the right way. We see things and perceive them inaccurately. We judge others and we're very quick just to kind of relate to our environment through our experiences. And so it's not always, it wouldn't always be a perfect principle to do to somebody else what you would do to yourself. And that's maybe where people try to come up with these other levels of these rules because they recognize the flaw in the carnal application of it. And so if I can say this way, we will treat others in the manner that we believe we ought to be treated. Does that can you make an application of that? I'm not trying to say change what's been said, but often we will treat others, whether it be with kindness or contempt or however we might treat others. We're we're often treating others in a situation the way that we think we should be treated if we did the same thing. And it's not necessarily always the right way because we think that we deserve something. We deserve a harshness. We deserve a a a mistreatment. And there's those that come to relate to correction and love and relationships, the particular paradigm like love is hard and love is harsh and and this is how we do things culturally or this is this is how my dad talked to my mom or this is how I learned I learned tough love and fear is a great motivator and this is just the way that someone's learned it. So when something happens, they respond saying, "Oh, this is the way that this is the way love is expressed or this is the way that we handle things. This is way we deal with things in the message." and and you do it because in your mind you're thinking if that was me this is what I would deserve. And in Matthew chapter 18 and this is where I would have loved to have spent uh more time reading through this because in Matthew chapter 18 it's giving us these tremendous principles on how to deal with somebody when they've offended you when your brother trespasses against you. And it says, you know, the question comes up, well, how many times should we forgive our brother when he trespasses us? And he says, until seven times, but until 70* 7. And I'd like to come back to this, and if I don't, at least I will have been able to say it. Now, some of us have taken that to mean that we've got a demolition permit every day against any brother that at least 70* 7 I can do whatever I want. or that we feel like, well, if I've got to def if I've got to forgive my brother 70 times seven, then I've got to give him an opportunity to offend and trespass 70* 7. But there's no way you can correctly read that to mean that you ought to offer yourself to be defrauded and trespassed against 70* 7. It's just if he does, forgive them. And if anybody starts getting very anxious, forgiveness has never necessitated reconciliation or the restoration of the same kind of conduct. Right? To forgive somebody, if somebody's done something to deeply hurt you, forgiveness does not require that you take a hold of their hand again and give them another opportunity to hurt you. You can forgive and you can go forward. And there need not be reconciliation as evidence of your forgiveness. The evidence of your forgiveness is to let go any bitterness and and the and justice and Lord bring this down upon them and let them pay the price. Forgiveness is expressed. You say, "Lord, forgive them. I'm free. My offender no longer has power over me. I go forward in forgiveness." And there's no the word is not saying, "Well, if you really forgave them, you'd be able to go right back there in the right place you were before and put yourself in the position for it to happen again." That's not the wisdom of forgiveness. So just um that probably merits much more than that. But I just I say that because I know sometimes there's an anxiety that comes with in the talk speaking about forgiveness. We think oh if I forgive them then I have to just I got to put myself right back in the same place again. And that's not true. So in the uh but in I think it's a wonderful preface to the parable of the unforgiving servant because in the in Matthew chapter 18 Jesus is saying that the kingdom of heaven is likened under a certain king and he he's kind of going through his accounting and he finds somebody that owes him some money owed him 10,000 talents and he goes to him and the the man kind of pleads before him and humbles himself and he says please have patience with me. I I will pay you everything. And it and it kind of moved the king. He thought, "Oh my, what humility he offered to pay me. He humbled himself before me." And the Bible says that he had compassion and loosed him and forgave him all his debt. And do you remember the rest of the story? This one who had just was owed owed owed the king 10,000 talents humbled himself. Oh, forgive me. I'll pay you everything back. And the king move with compassion forgives him all of his debts. He leaves and he goes and he finds a servant that owes him a hundred p. and and he and he lays his hands on him. It says it took him by the throat and said, "Pay me what thou." The fellow servant fell down at his feet beside him said, "Have patience with me and I I'll pay thee all." And he would not. Now, the the the individual does exactly what the one who owed the most did before and he falls down. He says, "Oh, pay me. I I please have patience with me." But the one who had been forgiven, it says he would not. And he cast him into prison till he should pay the debt. Now, skip to verse 32. Then his lord, after that, he had called him. He saw what had happened. When he'd heard what had happened, he said, "Oh, thou wicked servant, I forgave thee all that debt because thou desireest me. You humbled yourself. You said, "Please be patient with me. A, and I had compassion." He says, "Shouldn't you have had compassion on thy fellow servant even as I had pity on thee?" I'm not trying to psychoanalyze what was going on in this servant's heart who had been forgiven and who could have should have walked out and then seen somebody else who owed him money and said, "You know what? I just got forgiven a thousand talons. I'm going to forgive you a hundred pence because I'm I've just been loved and I've been forgiven much and and I've been loved much and therefore I want to express the same. But something didn't connect in what this individual this mercy he received from the king so that when he went out to deal with someone that owed him money, he treated the one that owed him money the way that he thought he ought to have been treated by the king. And you say, "Well, how do you know that?" Okay, perhaps perhaps he did to the one who owed him a hundred what he thought he deserved from the king and he so he's behaving and he's acting out towards somebody who owes him money the way that he felt he he ought to have been treated whenever the king dealt with him with p grace and with patience. And think about it for ourselves. Has God ever been impatient with you? Be careful now. Has he ever been late? He's always demonstrated there should have been a lot more amens. Help me out, brother Loy. If they're not going to amen, you have to make up, brother. You guys are going to make up for the rest of it. But if there's if God has been so patient with us, so gracious to us, so merciful to us, they're renewed every morning, says his grace is this stubborn, relentless force, that when we've tried to push it away and say we don't want it and acted all sorts of and tried to outrun it, his grace always outruns us and catches us by surprise. You can't get away from me. Right? And that's how his grace and his patience and his mercy is. It never runs out for us. We've always been the beneficiaries of it. But why is it it's so hard for us to sometimes do the same thing for others to have grace and have patience. Not to the extent that it would be this unending grace that God has, but sometimes we can't show any of it when we've been forgiven much and we can't forgive. When we've been loved much and we can't love. When we find ourselves being a recipient of so much goodness from God, but yet it's not internalized and expressed back out, is there some disconnect in how we're relating to the love we've received from God? Is there some part of our thought process that says, "Yeah, well, I'm going to get it eventually, or this is going to run out, or there's something fraudulent about it." Are we not fully accepting and receiving the love of God for ourselves and feeling that even though I will never be worthy, he deemed me valuable enough to save? He deemed me valuable enough to pay a price. And that I I I I have some sense of worth in his eyes. I have a sense of value in his eyes. That everything that God has been doing from the moment that he formed himself, I find myself today with all the momentum of all the love that is of God that's ever been expressed and it's being projected towards me. This is his love for me. This is something very real for me. And if there's some disconnect in that, that's what would make it easy for someone to come out from the presence of the king and then find yourself in the position of the king now with the opportunity to forgive and show grace and show compassion as this king put it. I forgave your debt. Shouldn't you have also had compassion and had pity as I had pity? It's because we don't relate to the mercy we've received the right way. So, we treat others the way that we think we ought to be treated. If that's a a unique thought for you to kind of chew on, it's just something the Lord's been doing with my heart and perhaps you could just let the Lord work it into your heart the way that he would want to. in Philippians chapter 1:9 because this is part of judging. Whatever measure you meet out, you'll be measured with whatever whatever however you measure other people by, we should be honest with ourselves and measure ourselves as well. You say, "I can't believe they did that. That's that's just awful." And I mean, there should be some if somebody stands say, "Well, you did the same thing. Why is it awful that they did it?" And we should be like, "Oh, you know what? You're right. I'm wrong. you know, I need to apologize. At some point, I need to apologize either for judging that or for what I've done before. And so, there's a way that also we're measuring ourselves by these things. And and there's a certain idea that we have of ourselves. In Philippians 1:9, now I might be kind of moving to something else that's orbiting in this. And I do see them as related to one another, but I've got to kind of move down in this path a little bit further. He says, "And this I pray that your love may abound yet more and more." So love can abound. It can grow. we can increase in knowledge and in all judgment. We quite often reference how let your love be without dissimulation. Let it be without hypocrisy. Ahore that which is evil, cleave to that which is good. If you if you say that you love the God and and love the things of the world, the love of God is not in you. So there's something there's something distinct about the love of God that cannot spill over into wickedness. There's a the love of God will go to a point where it stops. And you can't say that you love God and still love the things of the world. You can't say that you love God and hate your brother. Right? So there's there's a limit to it. There's there's a there's an indicator. Say, "Oh, something's been flipped around. Something's missing." That's that's not what the love of God does. And so he's saying, "I pray that your love would abound more and more, grow to be more complete, more full in knowledge and in all judgments." Discernment. And so if I could say this, love is is decisive. And love is about decisions. Love is about judgments. Love is about understanding. He said, I would that your love would abound more and more in more floral arrangements and boxes of chocolates a a and forgiveness and mercy and grace. But it's not in those terms. He says it's in knowledge and in judgment. Because in order to meet out mercy, you have to have the correct kind of discernment. In order to really meet out grace and patience, in order for some of these other characteristics, if I can say it this way, well, if there's going to be a proper expression of it, it has to be an accurate measure. It has to be it has to be in truth and in reality. This can't be guesswork where you're just a a blind squirrel finding a nut every once in a while. It has to be I know what I'm doing. This is very precise. This is this is responsive. I'm reacting to this in a particular way. And so love is about judgment, discernment, knowledge, decisions. And love, true love is manifested in in deliberate informed conduct informed. It's it's knowledgeable. We talked before about uh the difference between felo love and agape love. Felio love doesn't have any higher purpose attached to it. It's just I want this. I love this. I have a feeling for this. I want to satisfy this affection. I want to satisfy this emotion. There's no higher purpose associated with it. There's no higher intelligence. That's agape has a higher intelligence. Has a has a higher motive and objective. His ways are higher than our ways. And so this kind of love that Paul was praying to the Philippians that would become would abound more and more and more comprehensive discernment and more knowledge. It is something that's manifested in a a purposeful conduct, deliberate conduct, something that's attached to a higher intelligence. And again, this is where love is so easily misunderstood. It's not warm feelings. It's not the fuzziness. It's not the tingly, but it's re it's manifested in proper judgment. There's a way that and I want to reference this because I I I just don't know where I would find the place to be able to amplify this in in the context of this, but we say love covers and love hides a hides a multitude of sins. It it doesn't mean that love buries its head in the sand so that it can see no evil, hear no evil, and never know. When love hides a multitude of sins, it must first say that's wrong. To hide it doesn't mean to justify it. doesn't mean to. It means it's not going to bring dishonor. It's not going to try to shame inappropriate. It's it's going to love is going to respond the right way to wrong. It's not going to say it's not wrong. Sometimes we think that's what love is. Love is just compromise, compromise, compromise, compromise. No, that's not what love is. Love is something that is about judgment. And coming back to love thy neighbor as thyself. What does it mean to love your your neighbor as yourself? To love yourself is to see yourself as you truly are. You I if to love your neighbor as yourself, you cannot to love your neighbor is a reflection of the love you have for yourself. So I feel I'm wanting to put it this way. First, we receive the love of God and we love God with all our mind, soul, and and body, our mind, soul, and spirit. We have this love of God and now I'm to love my neighbor, but the measure is how I love myself. So then I'm look I'm looking at how that I love God and now how how I view myself and how I love myself. And to love yourself is remember the pride paradox. To love yourself is to have the proper view of yourself. Not one that's inflated, but also one that's not deflated, one that's not out of out of bounds, either too much or not enough, is to really see yourself as you are in what your need is, but also in your the value that you have. If if if we just kind of buy this this aspect that we're worthless, we're sinful, we're garbage, we're trash, and we're filthy, and and we just buy into that paradigm, then we're we're never going to be able to transition into you are worthy, you're a daughter of God, you're forgiven, you're justified, you you the price was been has been paid for you, you are you are um unique, precious jewels. I mean, all the different things that the scripture has to say about us that there's a way that we have to realize this is where I was in my need. This is what the word of God has done for me. And by supernatural transformation, I have now been birthed into the kingdom of God. Not as an orphan, not as a beggar, not as somebody who at any moment can be kicked out, but as joint hes with Jesus Christ. So you to tr to love yourself at some point is to see yourself for what you need, but then to also see the value in yourself. To love yourself is to see yourself for who you are. And to love your neighbor is to see him in his need. Also, to not heap upon him what you think would be right, not to give him what you think would be uh gracious and kind, and to not pour upon him or bestow upon him the things that you think would make him feel warm and fuzzy and endear him to you, but to love your neighbor is to see his need, but then to also recognize his value. I think the if I could say this is just personally that it's so we take the the the doctrine of election and because we know that there's souls that are elect and there's souls that are not we just start doing the calculations every day and we say well that soul may not be worth it and that soul may not be worth it that soul's worth it right instead of thinking there's value in every soul there's a value in that person I I don't want to read it for time sake. But in Matthew, as we're reading in our text, it says, "Why don't you remove the the beam from your eye before you remove the one from your brother, the moat, the splinter from your brother's eye. You're you're you're wanting to do something for your brother a and to remedy something and do something for him. I I want to get that sliver out." But he says, "Why don't you slow down?" Because he said, "You're being a little bit hypocritical. Maybe you need to address something in your own vision before you move very quickly to remove a splinter for someone else's eye. Remove first the beam from your eye. Then he says you'll be able to see clearly. And as we touched on that before, and I think it was in the pride paradoxes, we touched on that before. It was something where you're not castigated for having the wrong discernment. He says, "But once you've addressed that, you'll be able to see clearly to remove the splinter from your brother's eyes." So there is some sort of you're you're thinking the right way. You're wanting to do the right thing, but you have to have things in it be done in order. There's a in loving your neighbor, we c we can't render to him things that that we feel relate to kindness and and joy and happiness and good things and not be giving him what he's due and still be loving him. Like in other words, we you love has to render what is due. In Proverbs chapter 19 verse8, to love yourself is to see yourself as you truly are. To love yourself is what we're looking at. To love your neighbor as yourself, you have to love yourself and love yourself correctly. Proverbs chapter 19:8, he that getth wisdom loveth his own soul. He that keepeth understanding shall find good. This is a beautiful scripture. One translation I think renders it, a wise man loves himself. And you obviously that might be kind of uh condensing down what is being said, but he that pursues wisdom and gets wisdom loves his own soul. And then there's a and that's kind of the reciprocal response that the more wisdom I have, the more I'm going to love my soul, the more value I'm going to see in myself. It's a it's it's a beautiful uh it's a beautiful picture that in getting wisdom it's beneficial to the soul. It's valuable to the soul. He that gets wisdom loves his own soul and he that keepeth understanding shall find good. This is lifting up somebody who recognizes that there's value in wisdom and the and in wisdom there's a love for the soul. It's being projected to the soul. There's a value and a worth in the person. And we must act. I I I want to get this out out to you tonight. We must act in a manner that it harmonizes with we must act in a way that comports with the love for our souls. Our actions have to demonstrate that there's a care and a concern for our soul. That this is a way to moderate all behavior. This is a way to process decisions. This is a way to think about our children's character. This is a way to think about not only how we're treating others, but what we're subjecting ourselves to. I must act in a manner that demonstrates that I do love my soul. And therefore, by extension, by having a love for my soul, I act in a manner that that shows that I am conscious and aware of the preciousness of my spirit and my body. We've tried to emphasize this uh to this point in several of these services that this body is a temple of the Holy Ghost. The spirit I is is something that is that we are to protect and we'll come to it in a moment. something that is important to God. And so the word of God is teaching us to not only see that our soul will be sealed, but a love for our soul causes us to act in a way that demonstrates that our soul is valuable and that we love our souls, but then by extension also the sanctity and the cleanness of our spirits and the preservation of our bodies. So we must we ought to act towards others then in a manner that demonstrates we value the soul that there's a there's there's a soul there's a soul at issue with everyone and we act in a way that speaks that there is a concern in a love for someone else's soul. It's in that way sometimes that the love of the truth gets missed to where we're just trying to prove to people we're right instead of really caring about their soul. We're we're too often trying to defend our our correctness as opposed to thinking of they're wrong and the ramifications to the soul are tremendous. So I'm not going to approach this from the standpoint of you need to know I'm right and you're wrong. I need to approach this from the standpoint that there's a soul at issue. And the reason why I'm compelled to stand for truth is because my my soul is at rest in truth. And any soul that is not resting in truth is subject to judgment. And so I'm not arguing this and I'm not forceful about this to prove I'm right, but I do it because I love your soul. Hopefully we'll be able to touch on that maybe on Sunday on force, the use of force to accomplish something instead of love. Now notice how the scripture then brings it from the other side. Proverbs 29:24. Whoso is a partner with a thief hateth his own soul. Thieves LLC. Whosoever is a partner with a thief hateth his own soul. He heareth cursing and berth it not. There's a series in this. But notice he that gets wisdom loves his soul. But now somebody who is a partner with a thief, something dishonest and is joining together with something that is wicked that harms others. That's probably the most pro uh profound the most important aspect of this. Who someone who is a partner with a thief hateth his own soul. Someone who's going to join in with somebody else that harms somebody else hates his own soul. Doesn't love his soul properly. So then he whosoever gets wisdom loves his own soul. Love thy neighbor as thyself. If you are a partner with a thief and you would harm somebody else and not treat somebody else by by reverse, it shows that you don't love your own soul. You hate your own soul. He hears cursing and bereaith it not. He does not risk the consequences or he risks the consequences of the theft. He rises risk the consequences to himself and to others by not revealing the truth. By not stopping the fraud. He participates. He doesn't make it right. He he he hears the cursing. Oh, the loss, the harm. I've been agrieved. I've been harmed. What happened to my stuff? And he doesn't say, "Oh, I know. We took it in the middle of the night. Oh, I know. I'm sorry. Let us make you whole." He that is a partner with the thief hateth his own soul. He risk the damage. He risks the consequence to the person who's been robbed and the consequence to himself. And he participates. Instead of making it right, he says he betrayeth it not. Instead of revealing the truth, I'm sorry. Let me make it right. Wow. partner with a thief hates his own soul. But someone who gets wisdom, oh that your love would abound, yet get more and more and more knowledge and more judgment. To get wisdom is to love your own soul. To be a partner with something that harms somebody else betrays a hatred for your own soul. And you're talking about loving ourselves. I would be remiss to not mention 2 Timothy chapter 3:es 1:2. Maybe this would be a footnote that someone could refer to if I was writing, but we'll we'll enter it into the record by reading it. This know also that in the last days perilous times shall come for men shall be lovers of their own selves. The lovers of their own selves. It's a phrasing. It's a word that does not relate in any way to agape love, but it is this selfish felio love. It's a love that is selfishly projected towards self. And as you continue to read the other characteristics of men in the last days, you'll find that Paul is correcting the selfish love, the bad pride, the kind of pride that acts to solely preserve the individual and would be willing to defraud somebody else in order to get what they felt like they deserved and that they want. And so this is something that would deprive and defraud and to cheat and to take away and even resort to to deceit if necessary because it always the ends justifies the means. This is to love yourself in a bad way, in a way that is not the kind of love that you would have for your neighbor. You take this, well, the men shall be lovers of themselves. Well, I I um I I I I love myself and I'd be willing to cheat and I'd be willing to rob and I'd be willing to steal to get whatever I want. That this is not the love of self that Jesus says we ought to have when we love our neighbors. You can see how there would certainly be an inongruence with that. So, Proverbs chapter 4 23 again maybe we're moving to another component. These things I feel just re so beautifully relate to the subject of barriers and boundaries. We touched on this on Sunday. Keep thy heart with all diligence for out of it are the issues of life. The issue of eternal life springs forth from the soul. Right. Uh oh. I think I'm starting a new series tomorrow morning. join my YouTube channel. We need to get on this very quickly. Eternal life exists within the soul. That's where it resides. When a man is born again by the baptism of the Holy Ghost, he the eternal life is sealed within the soul. And it thundered when I said that. And and so that's where that's where eternal life exists. That's where it resides. It resides within the soul. But now there is a sealing of the soul. But yet there's still a demonstration of guarding. Keep guard. Watch over your spirit, your heart with all diligence. Because now the issues of life come forward from the heart. We are tasked as parents to be protectors of and keepers of not so much our child's souls because the Holy Ghost is going to take care of that one day. We're to take care of the garden of their spirit because that's going to determine how effective the word can deal with the child's soul to be born again. How many things am I in the spirit am I having to root out? How many channels am I having to open back up? So we're protectors and we care for not the soul necessarily but the spirit of our children. And therefore we likewise as adults that we would have oversight over the nature of our children. We have the responsibility as Christians to guard our hearts to keep it blockaded to guard with fidelity to keep from dangers our spirits. The whole subject of barriers and boundaries is guarding your heart and controlling yourself. The entire subject this has been a this has been a scripture. This very next one I want to read in Proverbs 25 has been it before me from the very very beginning. These scriptures have been right before me. That the whole idea of barriers and boundaries revolves around this idea that I am required to by the word of God to keep my spirit from dangers. That there must be walls of protection that are built up about my heart that keep me pure in my thinking so I can be pure in my acting. That that keep me pure in my motives and pure in my objectives and pure in my spirit. And I must have protective boundaries set up, walled behind the word of God where I'm channeled correctly, I'm feeding correctly, so I can give the proper expression of the nature of Christ towards other people so that one day we can get out of here in a body change. And the other part is controlling yourself boundaries. It's about self-control. Proverbs chapter 25 27 to 28. It is not good to eat much honey. It's it's it's not it's good not to eat much honey. Not honey. It's it's good not to eat too much. It's not good to eat much honey. So for men to search their own glory is not glory. And in that eat too much honey, you're going to get sick. You seek after your own glory. That's not good. Going to make you sick. Comes back to that pride paradox. It it relates back to remove the beam from your own eye before you remove the moat from your brothers. The be the it's it's it's a it's a balancing. Verse 27, you could say it speaks of humility. It's good not to eat much honey. In the same way, it's good that you not search your own glory. It's a it's a good pride that recognizes limits. It's a good pride that doesn't want to elevate yourself beyond what you are. It's it's a pride that also sets boundaries. It's good not to eat too much honey, right? They say enough's enough. There needs to be moderation. There can't be excess and things can be okay, but there's a tipping point where it spills over into frivvality. It spills over into excess. So, I want to have the proper measure of things. Verse 27 is identifying in very few words a moderation, a a humility, a lack of excess. It's not good to eat much honey. So, for men to search their own glory is not glory. And this beautiful verse, he that ruleth, he that hath no rule over his own spirit is like a city that is broken down and without walls. I believe that they're necessarily connected together because verse 27's kind of to eat too much honey. You don't have any control. Oh, it tastes good, it tastes good. If it tastes good, it must be good. And it's kind of a point at which it spills over into excess that becomes detrimental. And and for men to seek their own glory is not glory. It's it's a something exceeding a bound. It exceeds a limit. So it says he that has no rule over his own spirit. That means he who has no self-control there. There's no fetterss on him. There's no fence about him there. He He's not within the due bounds. It's just like anything goes. No holds barred. However far this can take you, let it take you. A man who has no rule over spirit has no self-control. Just going to say whatever he wants to say. do whatever he wants to do and generally probably find an excuse for it in retrospect. But this self-government, this self-control is a mark of wisdom. Self-control, he that hath no rule over his own spirit. You read it in the context of the Proverbs, you find that it is lifting up this attribute of wisdom. This is essential to exercising wisdom. This is essential to a love which is abounding yet more and more in all knowledge and in all judgment. I have control over myself. Both to keep me from doing to keep me from doing something that's not right, but also to keep myself from harm. It says, "He that has control over his own spirit, he that ruleth his own spirit, he that hath no rule over his own spirit or no self-control is like a city without walls." That that's no, there's no distinction. Where does a city begin? Where does it end? There's no form of protection. There's no distinction of distinction of boundaries. There's no distinction of responsibility. There's no distinction of rights or privileges. It's like, well, do you have a right to do that? Is that yours? Is that something that you it's okay for you to do? Is this proper? Is this appropriate? Where there's a city without walls and there's no boundary that says this is the this is the area of jurisdiction. This is where you belong. Somebody without self-control, notice, has no protective barriers or protective boundaries and then has nothing stopping them from hurting others and infringing upon somebody else's rights. Walls represent fortification. It represents protection, safety, but also speaks of restraint and control. When you have a wall about a city, it's like this is where you live. This is what your house has walls. Your property has boundaries to establish this is where you respond. You cut the grass here. You rake the rocks here. Whatever it is you do, this is what you're responsible over. Without the fence, without the boundary line, somebody can infringe upon that. Somebody can build over that, cross over that. The boundary, the city without walls means I don't have protection, but I also don't have proper restraint. This guard of our hearts, look at these two scriptures together. Keep thy heart with all diligence and ruling our spirit like a city with walls. Guarding our hearts is part of ruling our spirits. It's part of building the right walls around our city, the habitation of the Holy Ghost, the the guardian of our spirits. Like I'm going to I'm going to be somebody who knows how to build walls in a positive way. I'm going to be somebody who knows how to define I want God to define who I am. I want God to define my calling. I want God to define my gift. It cannot be. Christianity is not just a free-for-all. Hey, who wants to preach Sunday? Hey, anybody, any sister, you want to preach? Okay, great. Wonderful. We got you down. I mean, just in the body of Christ, there are distinctions, different administrations, different gifts, different operations, different callings, different manifestations. Why? This is exactly how God has structured himself and manifest himself from the beginning. So, in order for you to be effective, you've got to know your place. And in my place, I can I can I I have a I'm tasked with responsibility. I must care for I'm a mother. I must care for the hearts of my children. I'm a husband. I must care for the wife, the heart of my wife. There's a there's a awakening awareness. I have this responsibility by the way that I'm being defined. Now, very very quickly, Jeremiah chapter 39, Jeremiah records the fall of Jerusalem in 586 BC. And the story, if you want to read it in Jeremiah 39, and where it's also uh elicited in the scripture, Zedekiah is is captured. His son is murdered. I believe Zedekiah is blinded. He's bound. He's dragged out of Jerusalem and carried away into Babylon. And it's not just the king, but the families are taken captive. A and person after person is being carried away into Babylon. And this is how it's described in verse 8. And the Calaldanss burned the king's house and the houses of the people with fire. And this is a very symbolic act. And break down the walls of Jerusalem. This is a this is a symbolic act by the Caldanss to say you are destroyed. You do not you no longer exist. When the walls are torn down, the identity is lost. The protection's gone. The res the the power is gone. The restraint is gone. The definition is gone to break down the walls of Jerusalem. uh if they had not even taken all the lives and carried the children out then and left them there but tore down the walls that in itself is symbolic of you have been conquered you have been destroyed and the Bible is telling us that if you have rule over your spirit the inverse is that you are like a city that has walls that are not broken down but he that cannot rule over his own spirit is like a city that is broken down and without walls this is the state of Jerusalem the enemy besets it tears down the walls to to demonstrate you are now powerless. You are now you do not have protection. You are no longer clearly defined. You are now laid waste as rubble. Where did it begin? Where does it end? Where where was this? Where was that? It's been destroyed just as Jericho was. And I'd like for you to think very quickly and maybe I'm going to be using quickly a lot now just to try to hurry your thinking, but to think that Jerusalem then I'd like to identify it as a type of our life. that in this sense, Jerusalem is representative of our life. But you're you're person. You are Jerusalem. You are the you are the dwelling place of the Holy Ghost. Jerusalem can be reflective of our homes and our families. There's a beautiful image that is expressed in Jerusalem. It is a post of duty. It's representative of of responsibility. When when the exiles were going back in the book of Ezra and Nehemiah to go back to worship, what was the first thing they built back up? The walls. uh because it represented it rep it's the symbolic nature of it what it represents ownership and restoration and protection and they all were gathered along on the wall and they each had a place on the wall and they each had a responsibility from the dung gate to the fish gate and each one had this ch you have to be in your place working each one along the wall to accomplish this restoration of Jerusalem and so there's a there's this image that Jerusalem represents for me my responsibility Jesus even says in Luke 24:47 and that repentance or remissions of sins should be preached in his name among all nations. But where does it start? Beginning at Jerusalem. Before you can ever be effective in another nation, you have to first be effective in your fir where you are. You have to start with yourself. We have to as a church, I I would desire that we could develop a very healthy vision for missions. But we cannot get it out of order to where we become so focused on missions and all about missions and lifting up missions. But we haven't first established our calling and our faithfulness here in Jerusalem. Those in Tucson may call us Jericho, but we have a responsibility to Jerusalem first, beginning at Jerusalem. Charity begins at home. Our responsibility first begins with our self. So if you want to look at it as an individual, if you want to look at it as a family, if you want to look at it as a church, however it is you want to look at it, we must build our walls, we must control ourselves because if you can control yourself, you you can control others without being manipulative, right? If you can't control yourself, you're more than likely going to try to uh in a in an impure way control others. We must control ourselves. We must protect our hearts. We must build our walls. I build a wall to protect myself. But I also build a wall to remind myself this is my place. This is my calling. I can't step outside of that because if I do, I infringe upon somebody else or I grieve the Holy Spirit or I do something to offend. That's what the walls do to me. It keeps our hearts, it keeps our spirits free, our hearts clean. Remember this. We referenced it here recently. It's the reason why the word of God, reason why the Bible, the message emphasizes so often requires a sanctification. It's why there's so many things that are very precise and detailed in the message of the hour as it relates to applying the token as it relates to certain entertainments as it relates to certain conduct as Paul would outline it. The reason why the Bible requires requires sanctification, it's so that our spirits remain free. the love of God in our heart, the power of God, eternal life, the word of God in our in our souls, it wants to act and it cannot run up against a barrier in our spirit that's been placed there has been swn there by the things of this world. It's important that our spirits remain free. In Proverbs chapter 16:32, he that is slow to anger is better than the mighty. And he that ruleth his spirit than he that taketh the city. Notice the continuity with Proverbs 25. He that hath no rule over his own spirit is like a city that is broken down and without walls. Earlier the proverb had been written that if you're slow to anger, you're you're better than the mighty. If you're not quick quickly angered, self-control, this temperance I I if you can't be easily incited, if you're slow to anger, you're better, more powerful, more skilled, however you'd want to use, but you're better than someone who's strong or powerful. Someone who might have might, someone who might have a loud voice, someone who might be able to bite your head off, someone who can always kind of get you back, you know, somebody who's uh uh uh who can push you over. If you're slow to anger, you're stronger than somebody who thinks they can push you over. And he that controls has self-control. He that ruleth the spirit is better than he that taketh a city. Again, I do not mean to do these verses any disservice by quickly making an application of it. But he that is slow to anger and can control his spirit. He who sets boundaries and stays within him is stronger than one who can disrespect him and try to push him down. It says you're you're you're better than someone who can take a city. You're better than someone who can tear down a wall. You're better than someone who can leap over a wall. You're better than somebody who has a way of tearing something down in violating and trespassing. He who can tear down the walls of a city. Oh my, that's somebody who's powerful. But the person who can set a boundary and stay within it is mightier and better than somebody who knows how to get around it. But I know it's the ones that get around it that get all the air time. But the one who knows how to stay in his lane and stay in his place, he's better. So David in Psalms 51:18 just weighing if I should continue but I will use this Psalm 51:18 in your Bibles it may say the Psalm of David you're reading look at the top whatever reference it it's the Psalm of David when Nathan the prophet came to And what did he tell him? That man is you, David. You're the one who had all the sheep and took the one from the man who only had one. You're the one what you did to Uriah, what you did to Ba' Sheba. This is Na after Nathan the prophet had come to him after he'd gone into Ba'ath Sheba. So think of this failure, this sinning of a king and the time when kings went to war. David stayed behind his men are on the battlefield. Just think of this sin, this trespass of David. And notice what his prayer is. Psalm 51:18. Do good in thy good pleasure unto Zion. Build thou the walls of Jerusalem. David recognized that some something had been transgressed. Something had been torn down. It's symbolic of a a violation. It's symbolic of a a lack of protection. Oh, he's saying, "Build back up the walls. Build them up again." That's how we ought to be. We are responsible for guarding our hearts. We're responsible for keeping our spirits clean. We are responsible for preserving virtue. I have to just make very quick reference to it in verse 6. Matthew chapter 7 verse 6. Give not that which is holy unto dogs, neither cast you your pearls before swine, lest they trample them under their feet and turn again and rend you. Now, I'm I would be I would be more than happy to sign up to hear like brother Tim Dodd do a series on that. I want to know more about what this means. I want to understand better. Uh, you know, kind of develop this for me. I want to know exactly what this means. But just looking at it at its face, we have a commandment. We have a commission to project love correctly. That there there has to be something very accurate in how we're dispersing that. give not that which is holy unto dogs. That means we we can't just be indiscriminate there. This is this is the moderation and the measurement of conduct on some level. If I'm not getting the specifics of it, we look at it and say, "Oh, look at this. I'm being told to measure myself. Once I've removed the beam from my eye, now I can see without hypocrisy. So now I'm not to give that which is holy to dogs. I'm not to cast my pearls before swine, lest they trample under their feet, and turn again and rend you." Jesus is using this in the subject of reproof. And he's saying that we should be cautious. We should be very prudent. Whom we rebuke, who we commend, who we admonish. You have to be very careful because it's not like, oh, let's just all hold hands and sing kumbaya. You've got to know what you're doing. You've got to know exactly what you're doing. You can't you can't have a a beam in your eye trying to remove someone's mo. Once you've gotten that hypocrisy out of the way, once you can love yourself, now you can project love of God correctly and know that it's not just this warm fuzzy feeling because I know the love that God has for me. I know the love I have for him. And it's zealous about the word. It's zealous about truth and it's concerned about the soul. So Jesus when he looked at the rich young ruler and it says he loved him, it doesn't mean he loved him like a father does a son. The verb, it's a word saying he projected love to him. How did he project love to him? by telling him what he lacked. You know, when he says, "Give not that which is holy unto dogs, neither cast your pearls before swine," does that not give you pause? Now, I know we use this a lot in in in not doing something nice. Well, I'm not going to cast my pearls before swine. Well, you better be sure you're doing it right. You better be be sure you know what you're talking about. You can't just be withholding what is due, what someone deserves, and what what's proper, what's right, and say, "I'm not c I'm not going to cast my pearls before swine a and and act as if you fulfilled the word of God." When you're defrauding somebody, when you're doing it out of spite, you're doing it for all the wrong reasons. Because then you turn right around and you're just heaping coals on someone's head, right? When you do something right, go, "I'm just doing it to heap coals on their head." Well, maybe you shouldn't have cast your pearls before it's swine. We We insult people when we try to force truth on those who can't value it. So, you got to know when to say yes. You got to know when to say no. It's exactly what Jesus is talking about. I've got that which is holy. I've got pearls. I got to know when to give, when to cast, and when not to. I've got to know that. How in the world am I ever going to know to do that correctly unless I'm able to see my neighbor in his need and what he requires and what's necessary? As I've fellowshipped on it with some this week, as you've pondered it maybe yourselves, is this Moses at the Red Sea or Elijah under the juniper tree? Who am I dealing with? What do they need? What's right, Lord? Lord, I can think of so many things to say. I could think of so many things to do. I I I'm getting this righteous indignation. I'm feeling very, very weak and restrained. Lord, what how should I act in this situation? Is it time to speak or is it time to hold my peace? There's a time to say yes. There's a time to say no. And Jesus said, "Let your yay be yay and your nay be nay." Be clear. Be decisive. Don't equivocate. Don't don't blur the lines. Stand steadfast, but let your communication be yay yay nay nay. For whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil. I thought I wasn't going to I thought I was going to skip this. I'm just going to get through it. Uh uh and and I'm and I'm I'm grateful to be able to just touch on this. If it deserves more attention, we could circle back to it. Jesus is is talking about something much deeper than this, much broader than this. But notice the principle he's using to express this. Let your yay be yay, your nay be nay. For whatsoever is more than yes and no comes comes evil. In other words, the yes or no is enough, right? To be clear, to be decisive, to not hemhaul and and to offer other excuses and try to come up with all these reasons. There's no need to go beyond what is necessary to to go beyond a yes, to go beyond a no. To go beyond the yes of the word that come, you're going to get into evil. to go beyond the no of the word, you're going to get an evil. You if to go beyond the yay and the nay is is leads into unnecessary justifications that then kind of survive and get misused. I really I really I I'm I'm going to apologize even though I shouldn't for kind of putting that out there because that's a large chunk to chew on. If we go beyond the yay of the word and the nay of the word with these unnecessary justifications, the unnecessary justifications survive and then are misused. We wait we we try to turn something around. Well, also this. If he said this about that, then couldn't we also say it about this? And then that kind of that kind of shadow, that myth survives. And what does that become? It becomes a barrier to the yay. It becomes a barrier to the nay. It becomes a barrier to fully appreciate that when God says something, he means it. And that's what it is without our rationalization, justification, without our trying to figure it out. As James comes back to it in James chapter 5:12, again, in the context of this, it merits much more attention. But above all things, my brethren, swear not, neither by heaven, neither by earth, neither by any other oath, but let your yay be yay, and your nay nay, lest ye fall into condemnation. Let your word stand firm. Let your decision be clearcut. Let it be decisive. Let let it be let people know where you stand on something. And if you're talking about judgment and and right and correctness, be sure you know where you're standing because by whatever measurement you're going to measure out, you're going to be measured by also. So therefore, Lord, I measure myself by your word. Let the plum line of your word, may I be measured up against it. May that be what I measure others by because it is inescapable and unavoidable that I myself am going to be measured by the word. I'm going to be judged by the word. So that's the standard by which I will measure my life and others. Therefore, let my yay be yay and your nay nay. You got to know when to say yes. You got to know when to say no. And you got to be sure that you stick with the yes and stick with the no because anything else becomes a barrier, not a boundary. I've said it many, many times and my lovely wife and I have been talking a lot about it just through personal things and decisions we have to face and circumstances we find ourselves in that the barriers are always so quickly to grab a hold of right there. They're just they're just right they're everywhere. Oh, I don't want that throw barrier up. I don't want that throw a barrier up. But if you're ever going to properly guide your children's heart, if you're ever going to find that place where you can thrive, you got to know where the boundaries are because those remain. The Bible tells us we can run through a troop and leap over a wall. We're made We're made We're made to to leap over things that are in the way of progress. We're made to power through things and to fly above things and work through things that stand in the way of progress. And so if we signal the wrong thing to a brother or sister who means well and we throw up a barrier, they're going to say, "Brother or sister, no, that's a barrier. I'm coming after you. I'm going to come into that. I'm going to rescue you. I want to help you." And what we do is we throw up a barrier and we give the wrong signal when we should be yay or nay. And they know that's a boundary, not a barrier. We are responsible for guarding our hearts. We are responsible for keeping our spirits. We are responsible. I've been chasing after this quote from the very beginning. We are responsible to protect something, something very precious. How in the world could Jesus ask us to love our neighbor as we love oursel if there wasn't a beautiful mystery in who you are? How could he do it? How could he say that that there would be any merit and value in loving God with your soul, mind, and spirit? What what would there be any merit and value in that unless there was something precious and how God made you and formed you? And how is it he could ask you to love your neighbor as you love yourself if there was a be wasn't a beautiful mystery in who you are and that in loving myself correctly and loving God correctly that there there's these omnipotence are meeting and there's something that can be expressed and there's something that can be conveyed. How how many have gone back over the last few weeks and maybe listened to when divine love is projected or when love is projected or pondered these stories of when brother Brandham found himself in a difficult situation. He stirred up a hornets's nest or he angry a he angered a bull and he could actually project love and it changed things when there's been a violation when there's been an upsetting when something's been transgressed that love can be projected. Oh, there's a love that must be project from projected from our hearts and it's all it's about love having these limits. It's about loving myself correctly and then loving the nature and the soul of somebody else to where I just don't want them to feel good about themselves. I just don't want them this warm fuzzy feeling. I don't just want us all to get along, but oh God, there's a there's something at stake here. There's a loss. There's a there's something. It's a burden that we ought to have for lost souls. It's a burden we ought to have for families that we don't see. Maybe they come by and then they're missing. It's a burden we ought to have for family. It's a burden. Not because we're offended or not because we shouldn't be treated some way, but that's not that's not going to give them the kingdom. I found myself in a situation one time where I wanted to run. I wanted to run. I just wanted to disappear in the middle of the night. And God smoked my heart and said, "If you do that, you they risk the loss of their soul." You have to stand and face some things sometimes, not for your own integrity, but out of love for someone's soul. and invisible union. I I you're pulling me unto these things. Maybe I've taken a step beyond this, but let me come back to it. We have something we must protect. There's something beautiful about the love of God that's been placed in your soul. There's something beautiful about what he's doing in your spirit and we must preserve it. Brother Benham says in the message invisible union about the bride about the woman well about the woman and then by uh analogy to the elect she has a sacred trust of virtue that's given her trusted to her by the Lord. God gave her that virtue just as it was in the garden of Eden. She can say yes or no. Notice that the virtue is protected. The virtue is guarded by a yay or a nay. She has a sacred trust of womanhood committed to her that she must not break. If I could put it this way, every single one of us, man or woman, boy or girl, son or daughter of God, you have been entrusted with a virtue. There's a sacred trust of virtue. There's a sacred trust of Christianhood. There's a sacred trust of deity. There's a sacred trust of Christianity that's been granted to you that we must not break and we protect it in the yes or the no. He says in paragraph 77, I apologize I don't have these here. She has also been given a sacred charge from God. And you should be able to finish this for redemption. The bride, the woman, the the the the place that the elect have today is a sacred charge from God. I have a sacred charge. I must guard this. I might must protect this. Well, why? Because redemption's bound up in it. If I don't protect it, there is no redemption. I am a bedding ground. I'm the place from which life's going to come forth. If the full word's going to be born into manifestation, it's going to come from the bedding ground of who I am as a son or daughter of God. So, I must protect this. I must guard this. I must be very, very uh circumspect about it. I can't be f frivolous. I can't be uh I I can't be loose in the way that I think and the way that I live because I have been given a charge in this end time to express something very valuable and very precious. A sacred charge from God for redemption. She's got character she must not defile. You're familiar with these statements, are you not? And he says in paragraph 101, "What a sacred trust. What a responsibility to a woman." Now see why she's a type of the church which has the same responsibility. And what's the church? Is it the Hilton Garden end in this conference room that we have here? Is that it? No. It's you. It's your heart. It's your testimony. It's your character. We spoke at a ministers meeting here last year on the the the subject matter was the five true identificate identifications of the true church of the living God. A and and my thesis was the local church is not the true church, but it exists to serve those who are part of it. And you are individually those that make up the true church of the living God. Therefore, you have a responsibility. You have a sacred trust of virtue, a sacred trust of Christianity, a sacred charge from God for redemption, characters that you must not defile. When we when we're discussing the importance of having boundaries, it's not so that you can somehow protect your spirit so that you're navigating relationships without bitterness and jealousy alone. It's because you have a sacred charge from God for redemption. Know ye not that you judge are going to judge the world? Do you not realize that you stand in place right now where you're being judged by the word of God right now? This is where you take your judgment. This is where you're being corrected. Oh, I want to feel. I want to know. I want to experience this corrective love that's coming forth from this open book. And I want to relate to it. I want to know it. I want to feel it. I want to I want to take it into my bosom and say, "God, I'm not afraid of how you might correct me. I'm not afraid of how you might guide me. I'm not afraid of your love for me. Therefore, I am not afraid to love others as I love myself because I have a sacred charge. I have a I have a virtue that I must protect. Uh, please stand together with me. Brothers, if you could come to your instruments. Brother Matthew, if you could come and play. Brother Michael, if you could get ready. I've just turned it over maybe here in a moment. I'm just uh I I I said it was gumbo before I started, but that's because I was looking at it carnally. As God put it all together, I say it's beautiful. I I I I see something precious for myself in this. And I hope that you can you can take all the all the ingredients and find something very very precious and strength-giving in this. Can you tonight? There's something you can take and say, "Lord, this this resonates within my within my person of something very precious and valuable." And and we may emphasize it quite a bit here, but this is what else is meant when brother Brandham talks about recognizing who we are. What else is meant than to see yourself as he sees you in all your glory and all your splendor and all your perfectness? What else would be meant by it? Is it to is it to see yourself exactly as you are and you kind of look back through your Facebook history and your timeline like oh man and you you become the sum of all your posts. You become a sum of all your pictures. You become a sum of all your past. And here I stand here today kind of like, well, I'm just the sum of all my failures. I'm always living under the under the the shadow of my past mistakes. I'm defined by the decisions I made when I didn't know better. defined by the the my weak moments when I gave in to temptation. I'm I'm defined by all these things. Or is there something that's happened that's opened up to you that translates you beyond the history that the memory can recall into the mind of God and say there there's my identity not in the flesh but in that part that came elected from God. Pray for me if God would allow me. I want to very soon start a subject of I am an open book. and to see ourselves in the word of God for what he's called us to be. And that's the only place to live. The only place to live is is who you are in God's word. And oh, with that, please help me to see others the right way. Heavenly Father, when it's so hard to get beyond ourselves, our own emotions, our own feelings, our own hurts and frustrations, it's as if we turned away from the looking glass, and we let our minds paint a picture that's so cruel and dark. Lord, I'm willing to look back in that mirror tonight and to see myself in your word, not feelings, not anxiety. And I I I'm personally expressing this to you, Lord, as your son, that as I've mentioned it to our church. I I want to I want to see others I want to see the people I preach to, how you see them. I want to be I want to be faithful to to how you would treat them, Lord. And how can I ever get around to that if something's out of place in my love for you. [Music] Take every every veil, every curtain, every barrier, every door. tear them down, Lord, that I could see you face to face. And in the awesomeness of your presence tonight, Lord, I desire that there could be a healing and a a [Music] restoration of strength and virtue that would give us more courage. Lord, Lord, as I fellowshipped with the pastor yesterday in a phone call just burying his heart and sharing this picture of a husband and wife that face difficult a difficult challenge and can take one another by the hand and say, "Let us face this bravely with the character of Christ. Let us love as you would love and let us be the very heartbeat of God, the very the very pulse and the very rhythm of your word that it would speak something to the other person that would that would not only express and indicate the confidence that they would have that couple would have in you and that confidence they would have in your word and their position in Christ, but it it could exude something to the other that they could realize something that's lacking in themselves. Because Lord, we would never want to act to shame somebody for the purpose of shame alone. We would never lay them bare and strip them naked to to mock their nakedness, Lord. But there are things that we would want them to lose so that they could find you. And may we not be afraid to to go forward, Lord. And I I I wrestle in my heart, Lord, and fight up against so many different things. is looking at this subject matter and I know in my spirit I'm very near just moving beyond this but there there there's specifics and there's applications of this and Lord I feel restrained and not be too precise and too specific lest the whole the the general principle be lost. So I ask now, Lord, that you could enlighten your children to what this looks like in everyday life. I'm going to commit it to you now, Lord, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. God bless you.
