################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2022-10-16 - Christ, My Healer Pt. 12 (I'm Sorry) - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2022-10-16
Title:    Christ, My Healer Pt. 12 ("I'm Sorry")
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Arizona Believers Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 17m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFfe7P1VZ9Q
========================================

Description:
Christ, My Healer Pt. 12 ("I'm Sorry")
Sunday Service: October 16, 2022
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
The subject has been Christ my healer. This is part 12 on the subject of Christ my healer. My title today is I'm sorry. And you can write it down. It's a short one. My title is I'm sorry. And we'll get into the meat of this after a little bit. Just kind of lead up come back to some of the things we touched on last time and then take a step further in this subject uh on Christ my healer. And I mentioned last time, if you're waiting for me to get into the subject and how to receive healing and how God heals, we're in it now. We're really focusing on things that uh are hindrances to to healing and things that keep us from being healed. And that was what was expressed in the two services on the few services on the chronic conditions of the heart and vision correction is we were looking at our approach to Christ in approaching Christ for a need specifically for divine healing. And so there's a way that you ought to approach him. And then in looking at maybe even just referencing that there's a way to approach it was easy that to be then begin to identify the things that would hinder our approach to Christ or hinder us in receiving the promise that he has for us. And in these two particular subjects, I could say that uh what my emphasis was is kind of our thought process. How often we focus divine healing, the the very phenomena and the miracle divine healing on physical sickness or physical disease, things that we could see in the flesh, whether it be cancer, a diabetes diagnosis, and certain things that relate to the body. And we focus so much on that aspect of divine healing that we do it to the detriment of our hearts. We do it to the def detriment of our our thinking and our spirits. And we've emphasized this through these couple services that the condition of the heart or even our mental perception, the way we view things, our attitude towards it cannot be overlooked when it comes to our sicknesses and when it comes to our healing of those sicknesses. So if you have a physical problem, you may say, "Lord, I need to be healed of this physical problem." And that's true and that's very, very clear. But we can be so f focused on the physical part that we haven't given consideration to the spiritual components to the sickness and then also to our healing. And I think that part of the the spiritual component of sickness is not foreign to us as believers because we've often seen situations where someone was suffering from something physical, whether it be a stomach trouble or digestive issues or uh uh or some sort of manifestation in some way and it's tied back to some wound in the spirit or something that's caused them to be nervous and afraid. And so when we're talking about vision correction and chronic conditions of the heart, we're we're it's a it's a matter of focus. It's what our priorities are. And I believe I said it last Sunday at the end of service that if your soul is right with God, then rejoice, right? Because that soul being sealed is your guarantee of a resurrection. It's a guarantee of the body change. It puts you into the body of Christ. And then if our soul is sealed, then our next concern is that our hearts are right. And so there is a difference then in the soul and the heart in that context. And so if we have if our soul is right then having the right heart is our main priority. And if our body is sick and we really need a healing and if our life um is even in peril because of a diagnosis uh that's a grave concern and it's a it's something very serious and so I'm not trying to belittle that at all. But even in that situation where debilitating back pain or some sort of chronic condition is impairing your ability to function and to be a mother or to provide for your family, you want God to heal you, but still the main goal would be that your heart would be right or your attitude would be right because that wrong kind of attitude and the wrong kind of expectation and negativity is going to keep you from receiving the healing that you so desperately need. In Psalms 107:20, this has been a very prominent scripture through these 12 services. He sent his word and healed them and delivered them from their destructions. I know it may be difficult to recall, but when we first looked at the scripture, uh the psalmist is writing how that because of their iniquities and their sins, it's brought upon them this condition and their diseases and their problems. And so he says he sent his word and healed them and delivered them from their destructions. power. The power the word holds the power to save the soul to to heal our body and to perfect our heart. All that it's all in the word. He sent his word and healed them. You say, "Well, what kind of healing?" Well, there's power to save the soul. There's power to perfect the heart and there's power to heal the body within God's word. And we this is um this hopefully this will be a good summary of last week that when we when the that word which is sent and it's sent through the preaching of the word we could even see that it's sent through the written word and you first come into recognition or awareness of that promise through your physical sense of hearing or reading and then the mind has to take a hold of that and process what you hear. So the word preached is first heard through the sense of hearing or it's read uh through the sense of eyesight but then it's the mind that begins to make sense of those words and piece it together and understand speech and then there's a there's a process in your mind and in your spirits that gives meaning to it makes assumptions rejects it or believes it. There's a lot of things that takes place in your mind. And so what the word the first thing the word is doing is addressing your heart first. The first place it comes is into that mind and in your spirit and it's addressing your mind and your emotions. And brother Bam talks about how that word the world tries to swing your mind to the things of the world. And then what the preacher of the word of God does got to do is got to take you and swing you back. Right? Doesn't want to keep you in that worldly state of mind and and and basically save you, save you despite your mind and despite your will. The preaching of the word is to swing our minds and to deal with our emotions and get us to a place to where we're centered on the things of God. And then if we can say it this way, in your right mind, look to Christ to receive the promise. And so I want to go deeper into that function of the heart and the mind for a little bit of the foundation for I'm sorry. And you say, "Well, brother Aaron, is that you that's apologizing?" Absolutely. I'm sorry if I've done anything to offend you. I'm sorry if I've done anything to hurt you. Uh it would be it would be insensitive to not not apologize if somebody said, "Hey, that hurt my feelings." do. So, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hurt your feelings. So, not that I'm being very subtle or passive aggressive today, but if you're if you're wondering where the title comes from, I think you'll catch it here in a little bit. So, Proverbs 4:23, this is a very weighty and heavy scripture. Uh we could spend numerous services just on this subject alone of the heart. Says, "Keep thy heart with all diligence." And just using this scripture alone, keep thy heart, guard it. I know we've spent some time on this in the past. Protect it. Uh uh look out after it. Keep thy heart with all diligence. For out of it, out of the heart are the issues of life. From the heart issues life. From the heart issues the things pertaining to life. So keep your heart which is the inner man, the the mind or the spirit. And uh because out of it are the issues of life. If I could put it this way, it influences every part of our life. Right? So you said guard your heart because life is going your life and your the way that you live and the way that you act and your demeanor and your character and these are going to come from that who you are as a person is going to come from that heart. And so it said guard your heart and this is the phrase I think I thought of yesterday that it's a processor with a bias that your heart h is a computer. It's a processor. It it it is an analyzer and it's going to spit out results and spit out conclusions and and and there's going to be input and there's going to be output. And so the Bible says guard it because there's things being input into it and so you want to protect it to keep it. But then because what comes in is going to come out in some sort of expression. And so the mind is going to take the spirit's going to take certain things in. It's going to receive this. It's going to receive that. It's going to receive this. And there's going to be a monster, right? like your your heart is a Frankenstein and it's it's piecing things together and cobbling things together and it's going to put out a monster because wasn't the doctor Frankenstein and the monster is just the monster. See, we learn things in church and so your heart is a Dr. Frankenstein piecing things together if it would if you would let it right and and producing something that is uh uh maybe very very scary and and something that's very harmful and something that's not true. So the Bible saying you got to protect it. You've got to guard it. You've got to take care of your heart because it's a processor that can have a bias. It's a processor that can be very very wrong. As the Bible says, the heart is desperately wicked. And so this scripture speaks of the proposition that we act from our hearts. We're act that's where the that that's part of we can say that way down in the soul. That's who you are. That's the person you are. Then that soul is is then dealing with the spirit to produce the expression of the manifestation. So we act from our heart. Imagination, conscience, memory, reason, affection are maybe uh five simple terms to kind of describe the major functions of the mind or the spirit. And in Proverbs 23:7, it says it this way, for as he thinkketh in his heart, so is he. Now, this is a statement, I believe, that stands on its own for every person. that as a man thinks, as we think, as what we ponder, what we uh reason about, what we talk about, and uh and and what kind of dominates our thought process. I was fellowshipping with a brother this past week, and he mentioned a situation that was just awful. And and in my mind, it just was like, "Wow, how does that happen?" And he said, "Just by letting one thought linger a little bit too long." And that's so that's where it begins. As a man thinks in his heart, so is he. as he reasons, as he calculates, as he even chooses to decide. It's a it's really remarkable in the sense that you get information and you're you're you have a choice to make. You you can say, "Wow, yay or nay or or good or bad or true or false and you have that ability uh to make that decision." And so you're reasoning and you're calculating. Proverbs put it puts it this way in chapter 19 21. There are many devices in a man's heart. calculations, valuations, processes. There's ways that it reasons and calculates and determines values. There are many devices in a man's heart. And so with some of these scriptures uh kind of pieced together, I hope it it's creating a little bit of a picture of the heart of a man and how it works so that we can look at it this way that our heart becomes a filter of what we hear, what we see, what we hear, and what we experience. Our so our mind or our spirit becomes this filter and as a filter it's not just a pass through it's saying up you can go yep you can go but as it passes through it leaves its mark on it right it it it as something comes through let's say something comes through and it's the sweetest most innocent comment this person's ever made and then your mind hears it and goes bad right that was mean that was sarcastic and your mind puts a stamp on it and so Now it's in your mind and what was swayed and innocent, what's in your mind is now nefarious and passive aggressive. And I always thought that brother was a really nice guy and this is the the meanest person I know. And so your spirit then influences it, paints, it colors, it stamps what is received. And since it's coloring what's received, then out of out of your heart issues your life and comes forth the things you think and things you believe. And so now it influences what is lived. Can you view the mind in your spirits, your hearts, whatever terminology you want to use? But that mysterious part of us that we can't see, that we've been wrestling with from the very moment we've been conscious, is who is this guy? What is he doing? What is he thinking? Why do things work out this way? That's what we're talking about is it has a way of just taking things and then it's going to leave its mark on it. And since it's going to leave a mark on it, it that's going to influence behavior. Sure. Brother Benham says it this way and I think this is a very precise way of looking at it and greatest battle ever fought. He said that word means everything. We can say amen to that. He says that word if you can get everything out of the way all conscience all senses and just let the word come in that word will produce just exactly. So if we took this and kind of diagrammed he says that word means everything and it's trying to find a place initially within our souls or it's trying to find a place to feed our soul or feed our faith so our faith can then influence and give vision and give voice to our spirits and direct our spirits. But he's saying if we could get everything out of the way, all conscience, he says, all senses, so imagination, affection, reason, memory, all these different things that get in the way, says if we could guard our hearts to keep those things out of the way or allow them to open up with, and they're all kind of sitting there going, "Can I stamp it?" And you know, the one's over there with the paintbrush like, "All right, come on, buddy. Just send it through here." It wants to paint it up real good. If we could just let it pass through the way that it is, it'll produce just exactly what it is. But your your heart stands ready to want to assess motives and do say this and say that and and and it and it's also working on how it's been programmed. Not not only in the nature that you receive from your parents, but even in the nurture that you receive through life. It has these instincts and these reasons it wants to do things and ways that it sees things. And brother Bamson saying if you could just let it out of the way so that it the word can remain what it is and you can receive that it'll produce. Exactly. Now another way that I want you to see view the heart then is not merely a pass through and I think I've tried to use a language that hasn't misled you in how I'm trying to describe this. It's not just merely a pass through where it's a a gate or a doorway and so our minds are kind of standing there as a guard or our minds are there and then it's going to let something through and then whatever it is it just comes and and moves on but it what what it allows to come in or what passes through it. So it's not just a temporary pass through but what once it comes into the mind the mind is has a is a like a chamber and and and once it's put in there it's a storage unit. It it it's a hard drive. It's a database. It's a place where things are stored. And so whether it be things you see, hear, taste, smell, feel, experience, whatever it might be, it's in there somewhere. And if we could only just figure out how to access more than 10% of our hard drive, we we we say that we'd be incredibly smart, but I think we'd be in incredibly psychotic and and suspicious and nervous all the time. But but this that if that could come in as it comes in, it's in there somewhere. It leaves an imprint. It's stored in there. It's like a it's it and it's stored for future use. That's right. Jesus says in Luke 6:45, "A good man out of the good treasure of his heart." So, a good man out of the good that is stored in his heart. The good treasure, something stored, something stored up, something kept, something learned, something held in his heart, bringeth forth that which is good. So Jesus describes it this way that there has been something stored up in a a man's heart that is good, and that's what comes out. He brings it forth. So there's things received that are then stored up for future use. Then he uses the opposite. And an evil man out of the evil treasure of his heart bringeth forth that which is evil. So what is stored, whether it be good or evil, is going to find its way out in some way because the heart becomes a storage unit. It becomes a database. It becomes a a a closet. That maybe that's a good way of looking at it. If you have a lot of skeletons in your closet, skeletons are going to come out. But there's a lot of things stored, a lot of treasures that in a man's heart and it says good or evil. And then even the phrase for the abundance for for of the abundance of the heart his mouth speaketh. The word that phrase the abundance of the heart is that which is stored up, right? That which is in there, what he has abundance of, what he's collected, what he's learned, what he's thinking about, what he what he what he values, and where your heart is. Jesus said, "There will your treasure be also." It's kind of saying that this is where you store your treasure. You store it in your heart. What you what you think, what you value, what you want, what you desire, what you hear, what you see. And this is why it's so important the things that we watch, the things that we listen to, the things that we talk about because we may think, "Oh, well, this is just a little bit of a moment. This is just a a moment that we can see this or enjoy this or do this." But the mind is keeping a record. The phrase I always want to use is to, but I don't think that's even a thing anymore. But I think it's DVR. It's recording all of it. Amen. As we have the saying uh not in our house necessarily, but humans have a saying, a moment on the lips, a lifetime on the hips to describe the scenario where you may think you're just enjoying that cinnamon roll. Just in that moment, and then it's all over, but it'll stay with you. The same thing with the things that come into our hearts and into our minds. There's a record that is kept. There's something an imprint that is left. In Ezekiel chapter 8:12, I feel that I may be doing a little bit of a disservice to this passage in Ezekiel 8 because it's a very maybe maybe some of you take time to go back and read it. The the language that's used to describe how the prophet is recognizing and seeing as it were by vision what people are doing in their private chambers and doing to worship and the way they hide these things and and the way that it's described would perfectly fit the way things are today. where one could be a Jew in public but then have that place at home when the door is closed where they can indulge in all sorts of evil practices. And the way that this is described here is a perfect I I I would say an extraordinary depiction of the human heart. Then said he unto me, "Son of man, hast thou seen what the ancients of the house of Israel do in the dark? Every man in the chambers of his imagery." Wow. Now, some take this phrase and I and I believe that it absolutely has this application. They say that the the writer is specifically referring to what certain Israelites were doing in a room that held false images. So, they had a secret place in a chamber where they had put up paintings and put up pictures. A and that application is absolutely acceptable and and in the context you can see that would be what the prophet would be pointing to. But in the language that he uses in the chamber of his imagery and the way that the prophet is indicting the hearts of the people, it has also a similar application not just to a literal room that has a screen or has pictures or has images but that part of the mind or that spirit which is a room of the rooms of our mind, the doors to our hearts, the chambers of our thinking. Amen. Just as our heart has chambers in a physical sense, our spirit or our minds have chambers, rooms where we could, if we even said that we have all sorts of bins, maybe our our minds are more organized than we think they are in that a place for everything and everything in its place. Hm, that's a lie. Well, I'll put that here. Right? That's a compliment. I'll put this here. Or maybe it says a lie. Well, I'll take it as a compliment. Or that's the truth. I'll perceive it as a lie. And it may be an absolute miscatategorization, but the mind just has rooms where it's storing stuff. Maybe it's just one real large large room with no doors, right? Or no subdos or closets, right, sisters? It's just one gigantic room, the mind. Everything exists in the same place at the same time. Whatever it is, there's chambers of our imagery. And in Proverbsap 18, this to me just uh uh helps nail this down perfectly for us. The words of a tail bearer are as wounds and they go down into the innermost parts of the belly. In other words, someone who lies and I believe it's both it's applicable to both the speaker and the hearer. When one lies, when you lie, it wounds your spirit. When you especially when you know you're lying, it's a wound to your spirit. But then the word to receive a lie, to hear a lie, to be lied on, it's saying and that maybe say, "Wow, that's quite a an extraordinary unpacking of that scripture because you it may seem that I'm pulling it different ways." But I believe it stands for the proposition that a lie is is does more than just what one would hear. And it's not just, oh, that's a lie, but it says it goes down into the innermost parts of the belly. Yeah, a lie we can say maybe injures the chamber of our heart but it says it goes down into the innermost parts of the belly. There's some other scriptures we were going to use that we took out how the the breach in the spirit and these words how they become a breach. So there's an injury when the lie is told. There's an injury when we hear that lie in the innermost parts of the belly. It's describing something being received and then it says it goes down. In other words, it's deposited into the storehouse. It becomes a treasure in your heart. Something that is stored up. Something that if you hear enough and you hear enough and you hear enough, it's from the abundance of the heart that the the mouth will begin to speak. Because our spirits become reservoirs, holding tanks, storage units for the things that we experience in life and perceive in life. Now for a very practical application of this and and this is now maybe uh I didn't realize what a hard break this would be to come to this statement of perfect faith but now we could start to zero in on the the the title I'm sorry it says in the message perfect faith you must believe what you ask for if you are a believer recognize yourself as a believer so important recognize that these things are for you that's let's you know settle that you're a believer these things are for you. He says if there's condemnation in your life straighten that first. So where would the condemnation be if our hearts condemn us? The condemnation would be in your heart. Your mind is a judge. It's a judger. It's a decider as brother brother George Bush would say. And so it's deciding these things and it's making decisions and it's processing saying yay or nay or yes or no or true or false, good or bad, light or darkness. And and it's all in there. there and he's saying if your heart's condemning you, if your heart is aware of something, if there's something not right in your heart, he says make that right first. Straighten that first. He says if you got condition in your and now he's he's wanting if you got condemnation in your heart. So if it's he he's looking at the conditions of our heart and how it relates to us as a believer receiving the things that for are for us title perfect faith. Now he uses this example. He says, "You might have Or Roberts and a dozen more people who have faith to come here and pray over you and jump up and down and pour oil on you by the gallons." How you like that? Pour oil on you by the gallons. It won't move. That's right. That's that's just extraordinary statement, right? Men that have faith, dozen more that have faith pray, jumping down, pour oil on you. What what isn't an illusion to anointing with oil and laying hands on the sick and praying? He's saying that as a believer, and I think it's important to recognize in the context of being a believer, there's something not right. He's saying it won't move. That's right. What falls off from oral's meetings to that. I catch them in a prayer line. You hear him say, you was prayed for before. And he says, you hear him say, so he's saying in the discernment, you was prayed for before, a man with dark hair, kind of a big fell, a big jaw. That's right. That or he says that's Oral Roberts. And that was at a certain city called a certain certain thing. Yes, that's right. you were prayed by such and such a man. See, like that. But here it is. So, do you recognize he's kind of telling us, we've all heard this if we're listening to the sermons that in the in the prayer line, Brother Brandon could identify diagnosis or prayers or standing before a doctor. You went and you were prayed for and maybe the sickness is obvious or the sickness is not necessarily a secret or they've already been prayed for and that secret. He says, "But here it is. Here's your trouble. go make that thing, right? So there's they're they're sick and you could pray for them. You could anoint them, pour oil on them by the gallons. Says, but yet there's something in their heart that's got to be moved first. Before the sickness can be moved. So he says, "Go make that right." He says, "Go over there and confess that sin to your husband, to your wife. Go do this thing. It'll never do you any good, no matter who you pray for, till you make that right. Wow. This is instructive to us as believers to realize that if there's something that we're regarding in our heart, something we know that is not right, something we know that is wrong, we ought not to fool ourselves into thinking that that can go unadressed and I can get the healing that I need. Condemnation is in your heart and God will not come into that heart condemned. God, don't dwell in that. You got to make it right. Then when you do, you must have faith. When you've made that right, it's liberating to your faith. Because if you have faith in your soul and it's wanting to burst its way out, but there's a door, a barrier of condemnation in your heart is in I I can't get past this. I I I I can't get this out of the way. The word can't get past that. Faith is wanting to come through it. And your faith in the word, those omnipotents aren't able to meet because condemnation's in the way saying, "Maybe I don't deserve it. I know that I'm not right. I I I I I I shouldn't have done that. And it stays there holding those two omnipotents back. I think this is very very simple, very practical, very needful. In James chapter 5, let's read verses 13- 16 since this is one of the the prominent scriptures that we've been using and we look at when it comes to uh divine healing and our and the promise of healing and the mechanics even of laying hands on the sick. Now, we've looked at verse 13 over the last few services. Is any among you afflicted? Let him pray. It's disturbed in your hearts, unsettled in your hearts. Any of you afflicted? It's the the the stirred up passions of the mind, some sort of grievance or some sort of hardness in your suffering in your spirit. So he says, if your heart's not right, pray to soften your heart, to season your spirits. Are is any Mary? Or we could say, are you sad? Yes. If you're sad, sing psalms. All has to do with getting in the right mood, the right mode, the right frame of thinking, the right mental attitude. And that's what James is dealing with. He says, "Is any sick among you? Let him call for the elders of the church and let them pray over him anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord and the prayer of faith shall save the sick and the Lord shall raise him up. This is a promise of healing, a promise of laying hands on the sick. A promise that if we anoint with oil and we pray over them, the prayer of faith, it's the prayer of faith, not the the oil, but it's the prayer of faith that shall save the sick and the Lord shall raise him up and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him. Now this is a conjunction. It's joining this thought of sickness in the body being healed and the forgiveness of sins which you would be conscious of or afflicted by in your spirit or that are laid charged to you as a person whole as a whole. Says if you have committed sins they shall be forgiven him. Confess your faults one to another and pray one for another that you may be healed. Amen. Now, when you read this again, we can say, well, if you're sick, call for the elders and have them pray over you, anoint you with oil, and the prayer of faith shall save the sick. And James has kind of built these boundaries around that that have to do with the right mental attitude in verse 13. Then then also another condition of the heart when he says, "Confess your faults to one another. Pray for one another that you may be healed." He's saying, "Confess your wrongs. Make things right so that you may be healed. Pray for others that you may be healed. Pray for those who've done you wrong that they may be healed. He's what you realize what he's identifying as a potential barrier to the effectiveness of a prayer is whether or not something isn't right in someone's life or in their heart. Confess your faults one another. Pray for one another that you may be healed. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man avaleth much. the effectual fervent prayer of a man who knows that he is forgiven. A man who has addressed his iniquities, a man who has been found to be right because he made things right. Let's not just think of a a real holy, pious man who lives a sinless life and we're all just trying to find that guy who has never sinned because if he prays things will happen. But no, it's the coni. It's the the righteous man is one who confesses faults and asks for forgiveness and therefore has his sins and even his trespasses and the things he does wrongs. He is putting them under the blood and his conscience is cleansed and he knows he's not perfect but he's under a perfect blood. When that man prays, it avails much. So it's not just a perfect man who never sinned who can pray the perfect prayer to give you your perfect healing. But the power of that kind of prayer is within within your potential if you could just say I'm sorry. Amen. Confess your faults to one another. Pray for one another that you may be healed. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man avaleth much. Now I know especially cons uh if you take into consideration what we preached Wednesday night. I realize in the way that my mind works that if I was my own critic and I was giving myself feedback, maybe we'd say, "Brother Heron, you're making healing really complicated." And I would say, "No, it's complex." Right? Because diseases are very complex. Sicknesses can be very complex. You say, "Oh, you got this problem. Well, all you need to do is this and all you need to do is that all you need to do is" And and sometimes we just think the solution is really easy because that's what worked for us. But people every person is different. We made reference to this often how Jesus approached the same disease from different angles. Why? Because the person itself had to have their minds moved. They they had to be addressed a certain way. As the and where in the one leopard Jesus said, "Hey, you know, go get healed, right? Never touched him. Just spoke to him, told him something to do." Whereas with another, Jesus went to him and laid his hands on him. In each instance, maybe the one had enough confidence to go do what Jesus told him to do to be healed, but the other through the complex of leprosy, through the ostracization, through the wounding, through the whatever it might have been that he went through, the fact that Jesus would, this rabbi, this master, this teacher would take his hands and lay them upon him, melted away any kind of resistance, any kind of suspicion or or fears or uh any kind of stigma he might have even placed or stereotype he placed on Christ, it's melted away in that moment. And so I I I by no means am trying to make it complicated, but I do want you to realize that if you are wanting something from God and you're and you see it as a promise in God's word and it's not happening, then something's out of place somewhere. Amen. And thank God we could go look right at the scripture we were looking to to receive our healing and realize, wow, you know, I was in a really bad mood. My heart wasn't right. I didn't have the right mental attitude. Oh, there's unforgiveness in my heart. There's sin in my life, whatever may. And you look straight to the promise of God and see your answer. And so, James, I think you could say it this way. James is identifying both the cause of the sickness when he deals with sin because he says pray the prayer of faith shall save the sick and if he committed sins, they shall be forgiven him. I it's read in this way and I know that a lot of commentators agree that that if the sin the sickness was as a result of sin that it's assumed in the process especially to a Jew it's assumed in the process that that sin would be atoned for or asked forgiveness of and then the person is healed and that would be and if he had committed sins it's forgiven and so I believe he's also he's look not only looking at the cause of the sickness but also the hindrance to the healing and it's talking about this unbelief or this sin doubt there's There's a lot of ways you could describe it. Now, this is how brother Brandham refers to it just in one place. There's other instances where he has this kind of um emphasis. The title is has the Lord spoken only to Moses. He says, "In every one of you right now, if you've got unforgiven sins, you confess it and make it right and God will heal you. But he can't heal you with unforgiven sin. Satan still has the jurisdiction over you. I appreciate how soberly we're amening this statement. If you have unforgiven sins that you have not confessed, that you have not owned, that you have not acknowledged, he says, make them right, confess them and make them right. If this unforgiveness that's in your life because you have not asked for forgiveness, you have not confessed your faults to Christ, to God, he says, make it right and God will heal you. But he says he can't heal you with unforgiven sin. Now I know that's a principle that uh is in itself maybe deserving of scriptures and and consideration. And then he says Satan still has a jurisdiction over you. Now, what I want us to do is to acknowledge that this holds a truth that unforgiven sins will hinder us from being healed and that there's a power that the sickness has over you as long as your spirit is compromised through sin. Look at this example in the scripture. 1 Corinthians chap 11:es 28-31. This is Paul uh outlining the divine ordinance of communion and how that we ought to approach the communion table to partake of the bread. This this bread is my body which is broken for you. This blood is the the the blood of the new covenant which is shed for your sins. So remember those specific details. The body being broken. By his stripes we are healed. By his blood being shed, it atones for our sins. And so that's the image on the communion table is the bread which is his which represents his body just symbolically and the wine which is a symbolic representation of his blood. And now before we take the bread and drink the wine, he says verse 28, but let a man examine himself. And so let him eat of that bread and drink of that cup after he has what? Thought upon his ways, examined himself, searched out his heart, prayed. He says, "For he that eateth and drinkkeeth unworthily eateth and drinkketh damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body." Paul is alluding directly to that communion to drinking the wine and eating the bread that in partaking of the Lord's supper of eating a a an unleavened bread and drinking wine that the person having done it without their heart being right and having not examined themselves and partaking of it, eating and drinking unworthily dams himself. Now, we'll come to some scriptures here in a moment. I don't think I took them out. how that the the condemnation isn't in it's not entirely that God has a rule or a law and that when you violate it, he just sends down a lightning bolt and goes and condemns you. But you're a believer and you know when you don't do things right. You know when you're wrong. And so the condemnation doesn't even have to be God. It's your own spirit, your own soul that knows better, that gives you that conviction, that gives you that thought of, "Oh, you even if he could even put it this way, for some of us, the soul says, now you need to make that right." And the spirit, instead of just making it right, goes, "I'm condemned. I'm condemned. I'm condemned." Right? And the soul's like, "No, you just can't make it right. I'm condemned. No, make it right, pal." And but the heart and the mind, the spirit, whatever it is, just keeps wrestling with it. rest within the souls just agonizing. No, that there's a way made. There's a fountain open. There's a way to be healed. There's a way to be forgiven. But he says, "If you don't eat worthily, you damn yourself because you're not discerning the Lord's body." Because there's an approach to it. For this cause, many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep. For what cause? A man not examining himself. And a man eating and drinking unworthily has caused sicknesses within the body. And he says many in a premature grave perhaps. But because as many sleep, which would be death. For if we would judge ourselves, we should not be judged. The examination first. And if we judge ourselves first, then we don't act in a manner that condemns ourselves. And therefore, we are not we should not be condemned or judged. And if I could say it this way, if this is so for the symbolic partaking of the bread and wine, how much more in this the receiving of the spiritual and literal benefits of the body and and blood? The body and blood are represented in the atonement for salvation and healing. The blood being shed for the forgiveness of our sins. By his stripes, we are healed. In that image of the sacrificial lamb, it atones for sin. And because it atones for sin, it also atones for sickness. You cannot deal with sin without dealing with disease and dealing with sickness. And so if it's in the symbolic partaking of the bread and the body and and the blood and the and the wine, in the symbolic partaking of it, if we can be sick, think about it. If we could be sick, many are sick and weak among you, because they have not parttook of the symbolic elements with the right spirit. Then how much more can we be sick? Or can we not be healed because of our spirits? We cannot approach the atonement with a cloudy heart, a cloudy mind, a condemned heart. Think of how much preparation that the priest had to make before they could come into that altar. All those elements and processes of sanctifying and being anointed with oil and dressing himself a particular way is symbolic of how importance the conditions of our minds and our thinkings and our thoughts and our focus and our energy and our all those things are and our awareness are to receiving the promises of God. Faith, the faith that we need for healing, let's look at 2 Chronicles chapter 7. The faith that we need for healing cannot be a prop cannot properly be appropriated to the promise unless there's been unless we have asked God as brother Bam says it here unforgiven sins. We cannot approach it without forgiveness. In 2 Chronicles chapter 7:14, if my people that was maybe the other title I was going to give the sermon was just forgiveness because that is the large this is the subject we're looking at in how why we are sick but then also how we can be healed. Forgiveness in 2 Chronicles chapter 7 verse 14. If my people which are called by my name shall humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways. Now, there's a lot of different elements here. You have to humble yourself. Pray. And your prayer is to seek his face, to seek his countenance, to seek his will. And then there's a turning. There's a repentance. There's an acknowledge to turn from your wicked ways. It implies that you acknowledge that you have been acting wickedly. And I am sorry for that, and I'm repenting, and I'm no longer going to continue to walk that way. And so, there is the I'm sorry. Please forgive me. says then will I hear from heaven when they have when they have gone through this will I I'll hear from heaven and says and will forgive their sin so your prayer that when you have humbled yourself and prayed and repented and said you're sorry then he hears and the first thing he does is forgive you of your sin and will forgive their sin and will should be no surprise here heal their land that there is a process and approach to God that we can't just go and say ohord Lord, heal me. Heal me. Lord, I need healing. And there'll be something in your heart that you need to make right. And you have to make that right. And he will forgive you. And then he will heal you. God will heal you. But he can't heal you with unforgiven sin. Because Satan and just terminology, he has jurisdiction over you because of that unbelief. Turn from their wicked ways. Then he'll hear, forgive, and heal. Matthew chapter 6:es 9-13. I think I was wrong about us being cold the whole service. In Matthew chapter 6:es 9-13, we've read the we read the first uh eight verses to this. Let's look at verse nine. He says, "After this manner, therefore pray ye." James is saying that the effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man avails much. If you're afflicted, pray. If you're sick, call for the elders. Have them pray over you. And the prayer of faith shall save the sick. If you want to seek my face, humble yourself and pray. Turn from your good ways. Then I'll hear, forgive, and heal. So Jesus is now going to say, "This is how you can pray. Our Father, which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done in earth as it is in heaven." Now, we could say that that's kind of the the opening of the prayer. And then here's the ask. Give us this day our daily bread. Th this is the ask. This is the desire. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever. Amen. There's what is called the Lord's Prayer. The Lord teaching the disciples how to pray. And I want to focus on verses 11 and 12. There's such a deep secret that Christ is teaching us when we ask the father for anything. Verse 11's the ask. Give us this day our daily bread. But the the the way that the prayer unfolds, it's not Lord, give us this day our daily bread and and and forgive us. You know, God is neat. Let's eat. Amen. Right? He there every phrase in this is so heavy, so powerful, so pertinent, so uh dives into such great depth whether it be our father which art in heaven and hallowed be thy name and thy kingdom come thy will be done in earth as it is. There's such richness to it but I want to focus on this one part where he is saying give us this day our daily bread give us the things that we have need of and forgive us our debts. He says, "As we forgive our debtors," he is touching on the secret, the the real kernel, the real heart of receiving when you ask. And we say, we not only do we say, "Give us this day our daily bread," but we say, "Forgive us our debts." And just as it says in 2 Chronicles, if you people are called by my name will humble themselves and pray, seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways to say, "Forgive us our debts." We must seek forgiveness and we must forsake all unbelief. We if I could put it this way, I know it's real self- serving, but he said, "Give us this day our daily bread and we're sorry. I'm sorry for anything I've done wrong." Right? There there's an acknowledgement. There's a there's asking God to forgive us of our sins because we know that scripturally that if we hold sin in our hearts as we approach the sacrifice, our own conscience will condemn us in our hearts and condemn us from being able to appropriate our own faith to the promise. And then on another side, there's an element where God himself will not answer your prayer if there's something you need to make make right. And instead of going, "That's not fair." Say, "Thank God." Right? Thank God. There's things he does not answer for us because you need to make that right first. You're never going to get what you want until you make it right. Thank God he is that way. In Psalm 66:18, "If I regard iniquity in my heart, the Lord will not hear me." That's pretty obvious, right? Pretty plain. If I regard iniquity in my heart, the Lord will not hear me. This is a straight uh uh psalm that I think is very easy to understand that the regarding the accepting, the holding, the the allowing of iniquity, something that's you know has deviated from the proper course of conduct or some omission on your part, the Lord will not hear me. Proverbs 28:9, he that turneth away his ear from hearing the law, even his prayer shall be abomination. If you turn your ear away from hearing the law, if you refuse to obey, if there's a l a refusal to submit to the teachings of Christ, if there's a stubbornness, if there's a rebellion, it says even then your prayer is an abomination. How is it then that one that turns his ear away from hearing the law, how is it that he could even then pray to be saved or for to to be made right? He would have to first say, "I'm sorry." to address the turning away. John chapter 9:31, it says, "Now we know that God heareth not sinners. But if any man be a worshshiper of God and doeth his will, him he heareth." What does it speak to? The condition of the heart when a man prays, when a man ask. In 1 John 3:22, "And whatsoever we ask, we receive of him because we keep his commandments and do those things that are pleasing in his sight." Right? Notice just how rich the scriptures are when it comes to again not complicating it, but recognizing that we we approach God with the simple faith of believing, but there's so many things that corrupt and complicate or make complex our quote unquote simple faith because on one hand, we're believing for healing, but on another hand, we're rebelling against God's precepts. we're we're we're we're kind of acting against. There's a situation uh that happened here recently uh with someone I know where they testified to the goodness of God based upon uh their obedience to the things of God and then they they slipped back from that obedience. They said recognized that God had done something tremendous for them and that there's they had set forth to do the things that God had asked him to do and immediately upon doing it everything got right. But then because everything was getting good, they they slipped back and stopped doing it and then immediately afflicted again. It's a principle that we could see then and Jesus is teaching us. Give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our debts. Lord, please forgive us. Forgive us where we've done wrong. Humble ourselves and just say, Lord, I'm sorry for what I've done. And don't try to figure out what the uh uh it it's not for you to try to decide, you know, how much that you've sowed is going to come back to haunt you. Just make it right. Just make it right. It doesn't matter. There's sometimes people kind of say, "Well, you know, I'll say I'm sorry if it means I'm off the hook. I'll own it." You know, they say ask you ask your child and I'm speculating here. I've just heard other people tell me the stories how you want you want your child to admit to something if they've done something. And did you do this? Did you do this? Like, well, am I going to get grounded? Am I going to get a spanking? Elliot, you're 14 years old. I doubt I'm going to spank you. But there's a uh there's this uh I had to call him out. He says, "I do it every service, and I wouldn't want him to be wrong." So, there's we're we're asking them to make it right, to own it, and they're afraid to, right? Because the consequences and we can't think that way. That's how that processor with the bias is going to get you in trouble. And you just need to say, "I'm sorry. I made a mistake. I just want to make it right." Here's a statement I know you've heard before. Brother says, "Your misbehavior of unconfessed sins of you believers can cause this church to bitterly fail." Your misbehavior of unconfessed sins of you believers can cause this church to bitterly fail. Think of how powerful it is. Then our own conscience, our own sanctification, the way that we live, the misbehavior of unconfessed sins can cause a church to bitterly fail because we want to see God do something, but God cannot do it as long as we regard iniquity in our hearts. First John 19, if we confess our sins, he's faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. Maybe a different take on that, but on this, but sickness is unrighteousness. Sickness is a healthy body perverted. A sickness is a a breach, a wound. And he says, if we are confess our sins, he's faithful just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. I do believe it stands for the proposition that if we confess, he is faithful and just to forgive. And in the forgiving, there's going to be a cleansing. And the results of that making that right and saying, "I'm sorry." in God forgiving us of our sins and feeling that washness, that cleanliness that comes from being washed. That there's a positive benefit from that through saying, "I'm sorry for this. I'm sorry for what I've done." The offense, what you've done wrong, is acknowledged. I'm sorry that I've done this. It's acknowledged. And then God addresses it through forgiveness. And then we can live free from it. Amen. Now, if I could take this a step further, Jesus says, teaching us how to pray. Our Father, which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come, thy will be done, as it is in heaven, in earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors, and lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever. Amen. There is him teaching us how to pray. And there's this part there right in the middle of it as we forgive our debtors. And it's the one thing that Jesus comes back to. He doesn't say uh our father which art in heaven because your father is in heaven and hallowed be thy name because it's his name that is holy and thy kingdom come. It's speaking to this and thy will be done and the elements of earth and heaven. Nothing else does he go back to except in verse 14. For if you forgive men their trespasses. The one part of the prayer that he comes back to after for thine is the kingdom and the power and the glory forever. Amen. And the church said amen. And Jesus says, "For if you forgive men their trespasses." In other words, going back to verse 12, "And forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors." He wants to revisit this. It's so important. For if we forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly father will also forgive you. But if you forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your father forgive your trespasses. That Jesus is taking it a step further. And I I love how he goes back to emphasize this because he says, "Give us this day our daily bread and forgive us our debts as we have forgiven our debtors." And and it it's such a beautiful presumption or or condition proced maybe to use a phrase we've used recently to where he's assumed it before you ask. It it doesn't open with our father hallowed be thy name. I I'm forgive you know so and so for what they did to me and forgive them for this and forgive them for that and some sort of litany of all the the people who've offended you but he says it's almost assumed before you're you even would pray before you would even say our father which art in heaven you've already done this and so he revisits it if you forgive men their trespasses your father will also forgive you but if you do not forgive men of their trespasses neither will your trespasses be forgiven he takes it a step further we can only ask for our own forgiveness after we have forgiven others. We can only ask for him to forgive us when we have already before we ask forgiven others. Right? It's not even part of the prayer, but he revisits it so that we would understand this that we must when we ask for forgiveness and want God to have forgiveness towards us, we likewise must have forgiveness towards other people in order to receive what we expect from God. We ought to give to others, not what we expect from them, but what we expect from God in our situation. He says it this way in Luke 11:4, "And forgive us our sins, for we also forgive everyone that is indebted to us." Talk about a different kind of state of mind. Talk about putting the believer in the most awesome position to receive a promise of God. They are not going to remain subject to anyone else. They're not going to be somebody else's victim. They're not going to be weak. They're not going to be uh broken and and and at the whims of what the world would offer, but they put themselves in a position of who they are. As brother Bam says, if you're a believer, you must believe what you ask for. You're a believer, recognize yourself as a believer, recognize that these things are for you. It takes you out of that woe is me victim mentality to where you have the power to forgive somebody who's done something wrong to you. And therefore, from that position of forgiveness, we can say, "God, forgive me." and know that we're not holding something in our hearts against somebody else. Lord, forgive me for lying, but I'll never forgive you for your lie. Lord, forgive me for lying. In Mark chapter 11, I think these these scriptures really uh present it so clearly that we don't have to keep belaboring. I hope you're catching that this now we've t I have to recap it just to help make sure we're seeing this that the lack of your unconfessed sins, your sins, your unadressed iniquity, things that you've done wrong that you have not made right with God can cause you to either be sick or remain sick. recognize that that failure that failure to ask for forgiveness, the failure to say I'm sorry could it could either be sin that caused it and there's I don't maybe I don't know if maybe I have it I don't think I have it in these in these notes where brother re identifies sin that's been put on people because of their disobedience and so that's one part of it either this the sickness is directly tied to something you've done wrong and James is saying hey make it right and you'll be healed. Chronicles is saying make it right and you'll be healed. So there should be no fear in that and then it could be the unconfessed sin may not be related directly to the sickness but it becomes that that's keeping your faith from breaking through to receive your healing. So do you see then on those on those layers it's saying I'm sorry that's going to remove the barrier that crust that is in your heart that keeps you from receiving the healing you need in your body through the faith which resides in your soul. But now Jesus takes it the step further and says, "Not only must you say I'm sorry," but you also have to forgive people who may not even say I'm sorry. I'm sorry. But that's what he's saying. Markap 11 22- 26. I hope Thank you for bearing with me just to re reset that because this is again it's coming so perfectly clear in the scripture. This principle Jesus answering saith unto them, have faith in God. So this is all about our faith. For verily I say unto you that whosoever shall say unto this mountain, be thou removed and be thou cast into the sea, and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe those things which he shall which he saith shall come to pass, he shall have whatsoever he saith. That's powerful that a man who could speak to a mountain and have no doubt in his heart, his right mental attitude, he could speak and have need of it. We've been covering this in the Wednesday nights the motive and objective. So I think this is there's this harmony that we see here says he could have it. Now watch how he continues. Therefore I say unto you. So there's this connection. What thing what things soever ye desire when you pray believe that you receive them and you shall have them. So this is him maybe giving the general principle that he's elicited in verse 23. He led with verse 23 say well this is how powerful it is if you have faith in God that whatever you ask even if it's to ask for a mountain to be moved and not doubt in your heart you can have what you ask so now he's dropping whether you want to go up or back however you want to look at it this is maybe the more general principle that's connected with verse 23 therefore what what you desire when you pray believe that you receive them and you shall have them that that's what verse 23 is referring to I mean so then that becomes kind of the examiner I mean how really desire for a mountain to walk into the ocean, right? Like, yeah, we want to see it, but do we really desire it? So, to me, it's very beautiful the way that next scripture acts with verse 23. Verse 25 is, and this is now again, part of verse 23, part of verse 24. And when you stand praying, forgive. This is, this is just the way that he's drawing it out. But I think it gets our attention this way that if I desire something I know now that when I pray I can believe that I receive it and I shall have it. And though if we could even say but if that gets our attention better but when you stand praying when you pray believing you must also in the standing you have before God to ask. It's in the same position with the same standing to ask. And I know this may be more of a legal phrase, but you know, if if if my neighbor backed into my car and and and and damaged my car, you couldn't sue him for it, right? Because you don't have standing, right? And so when we stand before God and we have standing to ask for something we desire, says when you stand praying, then in that position with that standing, do you also have standing to forgive somebody else? Now, you can forgive my neighbor for backing into my car, the neighbor next in the apartment next door. It's a hypothetical. And you could you could forgive them, but were you really do you really have standing to forgive him? I mean, I really like brother Aaron and I really liked his car and this is just not fair to me. Okay. All right. Forgive them for whatever level that there's this offense, but I would be the one that would have the standing to forgive somebody who has done something to me. That's right. So he says in when you stand praying forgive here if you have ought against any. I want to come back to that phrase if you have ought against any that your father also which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses. But if you do not forgive neither will your father which is in heaven forgive your trespasses. This is all connected with praying. And when we pray we ask. It's in the when he teaches us to pray in Matthew chapter 6. It's replete through all these scriptures. The message of the hour is touching on it, too. That when we pray, we must ask for forgiveness. And when you ask for forgiveness, don't think you're going to get it if you're not willing to forgive others. I can't remember which translation this is in, but it says, "If you have anything against anyone," and that's exactly what that phrase means. If you have anything against anyone, forgive him and let it drop. Leave it. Let it go. in order that your father who is in heaven may also forgive you your own failings and shortcomings and let them drop. You have in your hand all your offenses that you have that have been built up against you and everything somebody's done against you. And then you go to the Lord and you say, "Lord, please forgive me for my sins." And he's willing in that moment to let it drop if you will. That's good. Just let it go. Amen. Drop it. Let it go. Move on. But think of how hard that is. Think how hard it is sometimes just to move on, to let it go, just to drop it. But the scripture is speaking directly to it. Amen. So, not only must we ask for forgiveness, but we have to forgive others for our own healing. That's exactly the way I'm wanting to uh express this to you. We have to ask others for forgiveness for our own healing. And the sermon church in its condition, Brother Bam says, there's something wrong when you can't bear with one another. When you can't forgive every person from the very depths of your heart, no matter what they've done or what they've said, if you can't forgive them from the depths, Jesus said, "If you don't forgive every man his trespasses from your heart, neither does your heavenly father forgive you." This isn't uh just the yeah, I'm sorry, right? Just kind of the the shallow surfacy. I'm sorry. There's something wrong if you can't bear with one another. When you can't forgive every person from the very depths of your heart, no matter what they've done or what they've said, if you can't forgive them from the depths, if it can't be really heartfelt, if it can't be sincere, if you can't truly let it go and let it drop, he says, "If you don't forgive every man his trespasses from your heart, neither does your heavenly father forgive you." This is exactly what we've been reading in the scriptures that he's saying if you want to ask me for forgiveness, which we're recognizing is a precondition to our healing. He's saying you must also be willing to forgive others. What I'm wanting to recognize, what you recognize today is that for some of us, I'm not saying this is absolutely true, but could it be that the fact that we're holding on to things so bitterly is the reason why we can't be healed? Sure. In Luke 6:37, it says, "Judge not, you shall not be judged. Condemn not, and you shall not be condemned. Forgive and you shall be forgiven." Connects our judgment with our forgiveness. That we if we judge not. If we're withholding judgment, then obviously we're not judging ourselves by the same measure. Condemn not, you shall not be condemned. There's such principles elicited in that that are beautiful. And he says, "Forgive and you shall be forgiven." It's it's a a reference to our attitudes and to our spirits that if we want to be forgiven, we must also forgive. The forgiveness that I'm talking about today is not only for our own sins, for our healing, but to forgive others for our healing. Brother man makes this statement. He says, "If someone talks about you and you talk back about them, God can't fight your battle." Yeah. You're fighting it yourself. I remember I was going through a certain situation one time and and I received some advice from a pastor and he's like, "Well, you got to get your story out. You got to get you got to get your story out." And and he said, "You remember what do you remember why Michael Dukakus lost the election?" I'm like, "Well, no, not really." But he says, "Cuz he didn't get his story out. the shortboat veterans or whatever did some kind of campaign against him and he just maintained his integrity and didn't weigh into the issue and was like this is so crazy to even respond to it would give credence to my accusers and the advice was you got to get your story out you got to respond you got to fight back and my heart I was like no I want the Lord to fight my battle and he can as long as I'm fighting it and think of this if someone talks about you and you talk back about them God cannot fight your battle. You're fighting it yourself. Just let loose and let him do it and just commit it to him. God can't fight your battle. You're fighting it yourself. Just let loose and let him do it and just commit it to him. You know what it's going to take to do that? Forgiveness. Markap 11 verse 25. I think I'll just I'm going to stop on this these verses here and then we'll uh uh we'll pick up. Maybe I'll just pick up on on Wednesday night. We will we will all come back for Wednesday night. I heard you. Markap 11:25 it says, "And when you stand praying, forgive." If you have ought against any, forgive. If you have ought against any, if you have anything against anyone, in other words, if there's something that you believe they should say they're sorry for, something that they should make right, without them coming to you and saying, "Hey, I'm sorry for backing into your car." He's saying that you ought to forgive them. If you have anything against anyone, he says if you forgive them, that your father which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses. Because he says forgiveness of trespasses, it then it's putting in some level to where I I guess I could say it this way. If you're irrational and hyperritical and unreasonable and misjudge somebody, you should you should forgive. You should make you should say you're not necessarily go to them and say you're sorry. Those are those are kind of the weird backhanded apologies, right? Where it says, "You don't know me, but I always thought you were a jerk and I just want to apologize." You're like, "You definitely got the wrong number." Right? Like there there's no point in that there. Where was the offense? you know, and and maybe that's my way of telling you, hey, if you thought something about me and I didn't know it, let's just keep it that way. But there's a way that you would make that right. Lord, forgive me. I shouldn't have said that about this brother. And Lord, this was I shouldn't have had this thought or shouldn't have felt that way. And so maybe there's a way that you could apply this to even our own misjudgments and our our own private musings, but it's referring to you've been hurt. Somebody has done something to genuinely and not unreasonably necessarily offend you or they have transgressed as the scripture says trespassed against you. If I could put this way, you have been victimized. You have been agrieved. You have been hurt. You have been offended. And what's amazing is Jesus is acknowledging that you've been trespassed against. You who have been abused. You who've been victimized. You who've been lied about. You who have been cast out. You that have been rejected. you that have been hurt, you that are victimized and agrieved and offended. He's asking you to do something that is against your natural instinct, right? Asking you to do something that is not the first thing you think of whenever somebody punches you in the face. I forgive you. It's not something that's easy to do. Usually, we want to ball our fist up and say, "Oh, yeah. You want to go? Let's do this." So, this the the instinct is to not it works against the person who's hurt it work. This is not how a person who's offended is instinctively acting. What we usually do is we try to preserve ourselves. Self-p protection, do something to protect ourselves, to preserve ourselves, uh uh to maintain our our our our reputation or to do something to defend ourselves. Maybe we just seek to be vindicated or we want justice. There's a lot of other typical responses that people have in this scenario and it's usually not through humility to say, you know what, I'm it's okay. I forgive you. To forgive, it means to give or to grant. To allow, to forgive, it's to give. To grant, to allow, to, we say, remit a debt or pardon an offense. And so, it means to give up in the sense that you give up your desire or power to punish. Now, this is it enters into a very interesting conversation about uh the differences among a pardon and justification, excuses. But the government can pardon a criminal even though the government is not the victim of a crime. So someone could commit a crime against a person. They could be found guilty of assault. Then the governor can pardon the offender. Uh and that means that the government has let go of its power to punish. So the government can have standing to pardon. Now we in a legal sense may not have power to pardon. But when we have been offended, we have standing to even let go of the hurt. Because forgiveness is the deliberate and conscious letting go of resentment, revenge, bitterness. That's what forgiveness is. It's the con. It's the deliberate I am going to let it go. Have any of you ever done that? Can anybody testify in your lives where there's been genuine real hurts and you no matter how much it ate at you, you just said, "I'm going to let it go. Just going to let it go." Now, I think one of the things that makes us anxious about forgiveness is what we think it is when it's not. Forgiveness is never condoning what a person's done. When you forgive somebody, there's no approval. There's no You're not condoning it. There's no excuse. Forgiveness does not require reconciliation. If you forgive somebody, that doesn't mean you have to invite them back into the same standing or position they were in before the offense. To to forgive is doesn't mean you have to forget it. Right? You can genuinely forgive without reconciliation. You can genuinely forgive even though you remember I take exception to the statement that uh to I I think says to offend or to to sin is uh human, to forgive is divine, but I'd actually say to forgive is human. to forget is divine because it's God that forgets our trespasses and all our sins are cast behind his back. So what we the only thing we can to do as a human is make a deliberate conscious letting go of the offense. So what's the opposite of that then? What's the opposite of forgiveness? Holding on to it. And when we hold on to it and we take that and we receive it, it becomes resentment, becomes bitterness. Maybe we have thoughts of revenge. We hold what does it says? We hold grudges. And this unforgiveness can become a terrible disease that'll corrupt our emotions and even sicken our bodies. I'll pick up on this whether we do it next Sunday or we'll do it um Wednesday night, but let's bow our heads. I just feel in my heart, even though I think I'm not even halfway done on this, I feel just to stop here because I think it it would be important with the word at this at this moment, at this juncture of this service where we are now, if I could say, uncovering, coming to that real heart of that. Jesus says, "If we have ought against any, we should forgive them." And I know this is not easy, but I would I would say that we ought to be able to as believers today say, "I forgive. I'm not excusing. I'm not justifying. I'm not even pardoning because it's not your power to pardon. But you can forgive something you may not have considered. But when somebody has done some harm to you, you could remove yourself far from the offender. For some of us, even our offender may be passed. Maybe maybe they've died. But as long as you hold unforgiveness in your heart, the offender still has power over you on some level. And if you've ever done it before and you know what it's like, I'm asking you today to just let it go. Let it drop. [Music] When we think about what he's done for us, doesn't that make it a little bit easier for you to do to somebody else what he's done for you? That's my prayer today. I know it's just maybe a little bit of a sober ending, but I just implore you as your friend and as your brother, as your pastor, where there's hurt, where there's offenses, where there's been wrong, find it in your heart, search your heart today to say, "Lord, I forgive them for what they've done." In Luke 23:34, Jesus is on the cross and he's he's hanging on the cross. He's been crucified as an innocent man. His blood is letting out. Life will soon depart from him. He cries out, "Father, forgive them for they know not what to do." Their guilt was clear. Their actions were clear. His innocence was clear. If there ever was one that could argue an unjustified penalty and punishment, it would be Christ. But still, he pleaded, "Forgive them." Can you think about it for a moment? I know your head's been bowed for some time, but could you think about it? At the very moment that your salvation is being purchased. At the very moment that the stripes for your healing are bleeding out, he forgave. We look at the picture of the cross and we see our savior dying. We see his body broken though no bone was broken. We see his body rent. We see that his life is leaving him. He's been nailed to a cross, a crown of thorns placed upon his head. He's been beaten. He's almost unrecognizable. He's been his passion has brought him to this place of total physical abuse and crucifixion. He's going to die. And we recognize there's the lamb of God whose blood is shed for the salvation of my soul. There's the lamb of God who's been striped for my healing, bruised for my iniquities. He's and by his the chastisement of our peace is placed upon him. that in the very moment that our forgiveness is being accomplished, he could look out and he could say, "I forgive the one who's crucified me." Father, forgive them for they know not what they do. They say our healing is connected with forgiveness. And maybe we need to say, "Lord, I forgive. I forgive those who've offended me. I forgive those who've talked bad about me. I forgive those who've done this. I forgive them. Listen, that's all it is. It doesn't mean, well, does that mean I have to start doing this? Doesn't No, it just means you let go of that part that you've been holding in your heart and say, I let it go. And if you could do that, then you can say, Lord, I'm sorry for what I've done. Say, I'm sorry, Lord. I haven't I've been holding these things in my heart. I forgive them. Lord, will you forgive me? And I believe God can do something for you.
