################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-03-26 - 03 Wanderlust and Wonder Lost (Coming Back to Life) - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-03-26
Title:   03 Wanderlust and Wonder Lost (Coming Back to Life)
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lVyd7c-pwRg
========================================

Description:
03 Wanderlust and Wonder Lost 
Coming Back to Life
Sunday Service: March 26, 2023
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Oh, there's just so much in these verses. I hope I have time to get to them at the end and and touch on some of the vers things that are expressed in this. They've been very inspirational to me. A number of different scriptures. Uh we're continue on the subject of wonder, lust, and wonder lost. This is the third service. Uh I believe our kind of our thesis statement or our subject has been finding uh the wonder of Christ and the awe of Christ in an age of wonder lust. And those terms uh should be familiar to you by now if you've uh been in the services. And when we t use the phrase wonder lost, we're specifically thinking about Christ and how that uh we're unable to find satisfaction in Christ alone or maybe there's this uneasiness or this unrest to where we're not finding excitement in Christ. We're not finding joy in Christ, enthusiasm in Christ. And maybe at one time we did and now that we don't, we don't feel it just the same way. and we rationalize, well, maybe I'm just maturing and uh maybe I'm just going through a difficult time and maybe there's a lot of ways we wrestle with what that means to have uh not have the same enthusiasm for the things of God anymore. But what I would be maybe even looking at is it just we're not filled with that joy as David even said, "Restore to me the joy of my salvation." You may not lose your salvation. You may not lose Christ because you've gained him through the new birth, but maybe there's just that wonder that's lost. And that's what we're looking at when we use the phrase wonder loss. But the wonder lust is very specific. We've defined this in different ways over the first few ser couple services, but I would say it's just kind of those pointless pursuits where we're just kind of we're doing them without necessarily a goal in mind, but it's just something we find ourselves doing to scratch an itch or satisfy some desire. I want us to think in terms of vain habits, things that we do habitually and over and over again. But if we think is where is this getting me in progression and where what what kind of progress am I making in life and what kind of things are being achieved by these pursuits and the things that I'm doing and can I say that it is bringing me good or that it's accomplishing something important and and I would mean this in just about any area of your life whether it be professionally or personally or uh interpersonal relationships and different things. This wonder lust speaks of just chasing an empty thrill, chasing an empty pleasure to where there's really nothing good coming out of it. Uh but it's it's kind of like the idea, oh, it doesn't matter where you're going, it's all about the journey. And that might sound very very freeing and that might f uh find sound really really good, but when you really start to think about it, you find, wait a minute, that's not how God has designed this. Uh we were sister Elizabeth and I were out walking and saw a sign that said um you know follow your heart you know listen to the wind and and it said all this stuff and then it said chief so and so and I said I want to put one right next to it saying chief so and so is wrong god right because it's kind of like this whole like just follow your spirit just follow the journey wherever it leads you and there's this super spiritualism sometimes uh that's co-opting certain things and we think oh that sounds right but God is got god is intentional we're goal oriented. We're ambitious. And so, we don't want to become uh message hipsters that are just trying to free ourselves and just be ourselves, but we want we need to have the right kind of ambition. And this wonder loss lust to me is a phrase that's kind of capturing just how aimless we can be in our daily lives. And I am wanting this to be relevant to our daily lives. Amen. But that's something we've tried to point out in terms of suffering, impatience that it's not uh the calamities and the traumas that get that that's referring to alone, but it's things that are applicable in our daily lives. And so this uh restoring the wonder that is lost uh we've been saying begins with recognizing the cause of our wonder lust, the cause of our kind of aimless pursuits, the cause of our drifting, the cause of our uh vain habits and kind of those pointless pursuits that we're engaging in. If we can recognize what's causing that, that puts us in that position to say to come out of the wonderlust and restore the wonder of Christ. Now I want to take a few moments to review last uh Sunday morning on the death of patience and uh that's patience and the virtue patience and so the on the death of patience just wanting to summarize it in where we ended up not necessarily walk through it but just summarize it as a whole and look at it this way just from a natural human being experience perspective and just our humanity our minds are being conditioned to pursue cheap rewards. s that there's so many things we engage in, whether it be accumulating points at a grocery store or or scratching off not necessarily lottery tickets, but little extra game cards you're given at restaurants and things. Our minds are being conditioned to uh pursue meaningless re rewards, meaningless moments that kind of give us this idea of, oh, I've satisfied something. Oh, there's a mystery behind this curtain. There's something taking place. And our minds are being conditioned to want that and seek for that. And so today I want you to think about bad habits. And when I say bad habits, it's not necessarily drugs or anything like that. Though if it's applicable, let it be applicable. Uh but want you to think about bad habits or just routines, things that we do in routine or by routine and ask ourselves what's the driving force behind it. What is it producing in the end? And maybe I'm kind of maybe uh revealing myself a little bit now. And even ask ourselves, do I even like this? and and and real challenge ourselves in that because our minds are being conditioned to pursue experiences that really in themselves are empty. And so we looked at how that patience is a virtue. That virtue, God-given virtue, to endure something, uh to persevere despite circumstances that even if it gets difficult and the payoff seems far away and we don't see that it's going to be easy, patience is what helps us to persevere through difficulty in order to achieve a goal. and and and we and we have faith that begins to work then with patience and it gives patience a job to do and patience then is upholding our faith and working together with our faith to see the fruits of our faith and the fruits of our believing and God has created us then we look how that God extends to us incentives he holds out to us a reward and this is piggybacking off the things we preached about in judgment and rewards and so he's kind of created us uh to be able to experience and enjoy rewards part of the way that he's made us up. And I'll say this, whether you agree that God made us that way, at least we can agree that's the way we are now. And God knows that's the way we've evolved and the way our thinking is now wired. But because God offers to us rewards or offers us to in incentives and we have faith to believe in them, we need the patience that leads us to the payoff that leads us to the reward. So patience leads to rewards. And how we made this kind of all these different things about patience relevant is that there is now a prevalence of things that manipulate our emotions and and that and in manipulating it bypasses patience that we use the phrase that reverse engineered that Satan has reverse engineered the way that God has made us. He's reverse engineered God's rewards program. God holds us out shows us a reward or incentive and we labor to that reward. And the devil says, "Wow, this is the way that we're wired. This is the way that human beings respond to things. This is what they look for." Uh they're they're made a certain way. And God has worked with that and fashioned us a certain way. But what he does is he always impersonates. And he's come up with a cheap knockoff that has shortened that space from desire to satisfaction and and where we don't need patience anymore. And he's kind of reverse engineered it and figured it out. And so many of our information and communication technologies are tricking us by providing these feelings of satisfaction, these feelings of rewards in things that are actually empty in vain, right? Where you you do something. and you click a button and confetti and balloons and everything happens and you're like right and and we make we feel like something has happened and we feel good and we read a statement where our brain chemistry is actually fooling us into thinking we're accomplishing something in chemically this is just scientifically there's this dopamine release in our brains and and it we go oh that felt good and this is just what's happening when you enjoy the things that you enjoy and we don't necessarily say oh dopamine bad this is just the way that we are. This is the way that things work. And if it seems scientific, I want you to I'm going to look into the word in a greater detail today to show it's just it's scriptural. And when we experience that, we want it more. And we continues to lead to more, lead to more, and lead to more. So these systems, whether it be your apps, your games, technologies, and pursuits, so many different things are giving us this magical effect of overcoming, this magical effect of accomplishing something. But it's bypassing bypassing patience. And it's and we're not using patience in the way and we're not using rewards in the way that God intends for them to be used. And so in some of the things that you do, you say, "Well, brother Aaron, this is hard or this is difficult. I always feel a sense of satisfaction with a lot of the systems we're using those ICT, information, communication, media, movies, music, you name it. It's calculated tension. It's calculated stress. It's a calculated uh uh uh formula and algorithm that they're using to uh get you to engage and interact and then give you the payoff at just the right moment so that you'll continue to inter engage and interact. And so these things are by design where they're really giving us synthetic experiences and not real experiences. And so I I just want to I want to introduce our next subject, but I want just trying to find some ways to des uh summarize where we were last Sunday. And one of the thoughts that kept coming back to my mind over this past week and I want to use the the term um not loosely but in a way to identify certain things but maybe not in a strict uh medical definition but this this chemical reaction in our brains when we do something we exert ourselves we try something we get the reward we get something out of it that what we're calling that dopamine release uh it create it can create an addiction and they're finding that this release that we get in our brains financial rewards trigger the same neurons as a cocaine addiction. Playing video games fire the same neurons as a cocaine addiction, right? And I'm trusting that's in relation to games and not cocaine. The amens I just got. But there's certain things that you fire off and you think, "Oh, those drug addicts and those people heroin, those people who are addicted to cocaine, oh, they're bad or they've got this problem." But it's the same brain process that's taking place with a lot of other soft addictions. As a matter of fact, they even say it's the same with drinking coffee. We're getting into the real stuff today. But it creates an addiction. And not only in creating this addiction or soft addiction, and maybe I just use air quotes for addiction, but it conditions you for more, for that payoff, for that feeling. And to tie this back into patience and the death of patience, and we'll go back over a few scriptures as we go on, that as as things come too easily, our patience dies, right? Because if if I'm able to do something to get the payoff quickly, then I won't do things that are harder. I won't do things that I need to perseverance. If we get rewarded too often, if we get rewarded too easily, then our patience dies, our endurance dies, and what what comes to life is impatience. And so with the death of patience uh has come at a great cost to other things in our life. So my title today and appreciate you just being patient with me as we went through that. Uh my title today is coming back to life and it's just continuing on the thought of death of patience. coming back to life and as we read it in Jeremiah through reviving hope we want to come back to patience and and and looking at reviving hope and we want to uh in coming back to life we're I wanted to cultivate this is in our own in our own personal lives what we're going through what we're experiencing uh cultivate real substance in our lives real things instead of the carnal emptiness that the world seems to offer us so much of so coming back to life is um our subject today if you'll turn your Bibles to proverb Proverbs chapter 13:12. Proverbs chapter 13:12. I'm going to read this scripture and start here because my I've been studying on the subject of hope and you'll see this in a moment how that uh this patience and hope work together. But this is said of our human condition. Proverbs 13:12, hope deferred maketh the heart sick, but when the desire cometh, it is a tree of life. So this wisdom is giving us a window into human nature that with if hope is deferred or drawn out. If what you're hoping for and when it says hope there it's thinking of the thing longed for if it seems a way a far off and it's drawn out it says it makes the heart sick. So now this is this speaks to why we need patience. how strong of a virtue patience is and how it's important because if you that you have this hope something desired and if it's a far off thing it says it makes the heart sick. In other words, when we don't get what we really want and we don't get the thing that we desire, our mind gets anxious. It causes us some turmoil. Our heart loses hope. It causes us to faint. I it said hope that is a long ways away. The thing you want if it seems too far away, it makes us uh sick emotionally. It causes anxiety. It causes us dread. causes our heart to lose strength or or to faint. It's exactly what the scripture says, hope deferred maketh the heart sick. And this is why the Bible tells us we have need of patience. That if you hope for something and you're kind of wired in such a way that if you're looking for something and it seems a long way off, the tendency is for you to physically, emotionally get discouraged. And so you need patience to kind of support you. that when something's a long ways off, says we have need of patience. That if God gave a promise and it looks like this hope is a long ways away, we need it because when patience isn't there to support us, our hearts become weak. If patience isn't there to lift us up and patience isn't there to have a job to do, then then our hearts fail and our hearts become sick. In Romans chapter 5, and remember this scripture because we're not done with it yet. Hope deferred maketh the heart sick. and Romans chapter 5:es 3 and 4. And not only so, but we glory in tribulations also. And tribulation is pressure, distress. It's not just uh being beaten uh by the Catholic Church or being crucified as a martyr. But we glory in tribulation knowing that tribulation, stress, pressure workketh patience. We looked at that that that suffering long longsuffering that enduring and patience workketh experience. Experience is proven character. These aren't just experiences or moments and oh I experienced a sunset. I experienced a a roller coaster ride. I experienced uh this situation or that situation. Experiences proven character and proven character workketh hope and that hope there is the expectation of good. Uh this kind of hope produces a confidence. This kind of hope produces a joy or satisfaction. And so if we look at this formula that faith workketh patience and here we see that tribulation workketh patience and so therefore because we have faith the effect of tribulation isn't a fainting heart but it actually gives patience a job to do. If we have faith and you suffer then it's like faith is like hey patience it's your turn and patience steps in. And then as patience does her job then it works proven character and if you have proven character you can expect good. And this is exactly what happens if patience if we look at patients dying. If patience dies then our character suffers and if our character suffers our hope fades. Amen. This is a formula for you as a believer. I can say this confidently. If we're a believer this is the formula in our life that you could probably use this as a template to examine every situation in your life. Whether it was it failed at faith, it failed at patience, it's failing in character, and it's failing in hope. You can see that these are kind of the breadcrumbs that lead us to why do I feel the way that I do? And it has something to do with this process. And so it experience if faith dies there's a loss of proven character. Without proven character, there's no expectation of good good things, whether you want to say reward or good things that are coming back to you. So hope deferred maketh the heart sick. When we don't get the things that we want, we get discouraged. A hope begins to fade. A and it's literally saying that there's a sickness and anxiety in the mind and pains emotionally. But the next part says, "But when desire cometh, it is a tree of life." It's speaking to us the way that we're made as human beings, the way that we're wired. That when the thing that you long for, when you receive it, it is a tree of life to you. It's an unspeakable delight. It is a pleasure to you to say that it is a tree of life. You have tree of life that is mentioned in the garden or excuse me, in the book of Genesis. It's mentioned here in Proverbs, and then it's mentioned uh to a greater degree in in the book of Revelation. It's really only mentioned in these different places and in Proverbs it's used of wisdom and it's a tremendous subject. When it says it's a tree of life, it says it is reviving. That when you receive the thing that you hope for, it gives us life. It makes us happy. It invigorates the body. It invigorates the mind. And it is a tree of life as opposed to what? The tree of death. Right? So there's a tree of knowledge and good and evil that produces death. It may promise you life. It may promise you happiness. It may promise you joy, but it doesn't produce it. But when you get the thing that you long for, this is just speaking about human nature. It is to you something that is makes you happy. It's reviving. It's invigorating. Oh, look what I got. And so that's the way humans made that when they want something, they don't get it. They get discouraged. When they want something, they get it. It's supposed to make them happy. It's a tree of life. And if I could put it this way, there's a biblical uh positive feedback loop. There's a scriptural process of sewing and reaping that God wants us to do. And we've looked at it through the scripture and I'll call it this positive feedback loop of patient or faith, patience, experience, hope, happiness. Repeat. You have faith, you have patience, you have experience, you have hope. And it and it's just this is that positive feedback loop because that hope then uh when you receive it, it's a happiness. It feeds back to your faith. Patience, experience, hope, happiness. And it just has this this process that that God desires for us to work within. But the world proposes a negative feedback loop that is patterned off the same thing. But it's not the same thing. It wants to look like it's it's synthetic. It's kind of a fake an impersonation of it. But really what it is is dopamine an experience. Right. Dopamine I'm happy. Dopamine I'm happy. Dopamine I'm happy. Right. This idea that we're in this constant lust for pleasure and we're constantly seeking something that can trigger the right kind of neurons. Fire off this kind of sensation. And if it sounds like I'm talking about extreme experiences or drug addictions or all sorts of euphoric things that you'll never have enough money to enjoy, I'm talking about just daily life. There's things that we do habitually that are a process of us craving something and it's a negative feedback loop. Now to see this in greater detail, let's look at Ecclesiastes chapter 1 vers8. I want to use these scriptures. But I am going to use these scriptures to be very detailed about how that we have been made as human beings. So that when I touch on it from a scientific standpoint and I and I know that maybe I we we hated it when we had it in school and you hate to get it at church again, but I hope to make it relevant so you can understand the way that you are as a person and how much you need the Lord and how much we ought to trust in him and hope in him. But let's look at these things in the scripture. Ecclesiastes chapter 1 vers8. All things are full of labor. That means all things are never at rest. There's a constant restlessness. There's a constant change. Man cannot utter it. He's unable to explain to you why all things are full of labor, unrest. This is wonderlust. It's not all things are a job, but all things are constantly changing and restless. Uh there's never just a 1.0, right? There's never just an alpha. There's always a beta. There's always something new. There's something different. Like, well, what was wrong with the other one? nothing, right? Which we we have a desire for new and different. And so it says men cannot explain it. Now notice how it describes the reason why the eye is not satisfied with seeing nor the ear filled with hearing. Say man mankind constantly desire more satisfaction. They they want a longer happiness. They want a greater thrill. They want things uh they want that all things are full of labor. All things are constantly changing. All things are constantly restless. Man cannot explain it that the eye is still looking for satisfaction in these things that never bring it. And the ear is never quite satisfied in listening to the things that he thinks will bring it. Other words, man is always seeking after and longing for happiness in things that are constantly letting them down. But notice this principle about the human being. The eye will never see enough and the ear will never hear enough. And you can put any other s sensation in there. there. It's never enough. How many times have we ever said, "I'm not eating again for the rest of the week." Right? And violated it within the next two hours. And so this is the idea of man that the eye is never quite satisfied. As long as the eye can see, it wants to see more. It never goes, "Oh, that was it." The ear never says, "Oh, that was it." In Proverbs 20:12, the hearing ear and the seeing eye, the Lord hath made even both of them. So now I want to use this to give some greater detail to what Solomon is saying in Ecclesiastes because he's noticing the vanity of the things the eyes see and the ears that the eyes and ears desire and seek after. The eye is looking for something. The ear is longing for something. The man is longing to see something. And Solomon said, "Look at the vanity of it." The vanity how the eye is never satisfied. The ear is never satisfied. He's recognizing it. But now the Bible has told us that God has made both of them. He knows how they work. He knows how they're misled. God knows how your mind works. He knows how your heart works. He knows how your senses are working together with your brain and your and your neurons and your makeup and all these different things. And so the ear is never satisfied with seeing or with hearing. And the eye is not satisfied with seeing. And God has made both the ear and the eye. Ecclesiastes chapter 6:7. Remember Solomon is observing the vanity of these things. All the labor of man is for his mouth. And we could really look at this within the context of chapter 6 of this particular man that's described here. He says, "All the labor of man is for his mouth," which means self-gratification for what it can do for him and how it makes him feel and how he feels at the end of the day. And it labor is not just to be confused with your 9 to5 or your job. But the things that man seeks after, the things that he desires is for his own satisi satisfaction, to satisfy his urges and his desires. But it says, "And yet the appetite is not filled." Man does certain things to make him satisfied, to make him content, to make him happy, but it never fully satisfies. It's never if I could just do this, that'll be enough. Right? Because then once you've done that, you're like, "Oh, okay. I want to do another. I want to do this." It's there's there's not a bucket list with three things on it. Because if you once you do all three, like I enjoyed the bucket list, right? I want to add more. I want to do more. I want to experience more. And this is just the labor of man. What he pursues, what he wants, what he desires, it's for his own satisfaction. But yet, that appetite's never quenched. Good. For all the people that have, you know, those of us here who've climbed Mount Everest, when we did it, it was like, you know what? I want to do another one at another time. And I want to do it without oxygen. I want to do it without a sherpa. I want to do it make it harder. Right? Isn't that what we did? It's exactly what we did. And we're going to do a K2 climb in the winter. And that's what that's how the thrill seekers even in their own lives are. That's that constant adrenaline rush that constant this is what the Bible's describing. And now that's an extreme sport angle for us alist. But this applies on a daily life. Proverbs chapter 27 20. Hell and destruction are never full. So the eyes of man are never satisfied. It's describing this drive or this hunger for things that can never produce the satisfaction that you think it's going to give you. Says that the that the the eyes of men are never satisfied. What he wants even when he gets it, it's never the end of it. It's never completely satisfied. It it it never says, "Well, I tasted it and I'm done. I experienced it and I'm done. And I'm glad I got that out of the way. I'll never do it again." No. There's something about the mind that works against you to want it again or to look for more and it's never satisfied. It's an endless cycle of driving a person to continually seek after things that are without hope. There's no substance to it. There's no real weight and that you can take with you and say, "I have this. This endures. This is lasting. This satisfies." In Proverbs 20:17, bread of deceit is sweet to man. It appears uh that it's going to satisfy, but it's emptiness. Causes emptiness because it says, "But afterwards his mouth shall be filled with gravel." The bread of deceit. Now, this is where I hope you can you're listening to this. The bread of deceit is sweet to a man, but notice it's deceitful. This bread is going to be sweet. This bread tastes sweet, but it's a deception because afterwards, your mouth is full of gravel. Right? You're like, "I didn't think it was going to be like this." Right? I was expecting a lot more hair. And now you have a mouthful of rocks. It's uh disconcerting and uncomfortable and and damaging and painful. And so it isn't so much that we like it because it's deceit, but we want it. This is the key today. The bread of deceit is sweet to a man, and afterwards his mouth shall be filled with gravel. And so, a man who's ever tasted the bread of deceit knows that he feels like he's got gravel in his mouth after he ate it. But what does he do? He goes right back to the loaf. He knows it tricked him before and he didn't like the way he felt afterwards. But there's something that drives a man where the eye is never satisfied with seeing, the ear is never filled with hearing. And he goes right back to the bread of deceit. I'm wanting you to think about why this happens because the Bible's saying it does. This is why we'll pursue things that don't really bring joy or happiness. It's why we'll do things and afterwards go, why even do that? I don't ever want to do that again. Find ourselves doing it exactly again. Isaiah 55:2, if I have time, which I don't think I will, maybe we'll come back to it. Why do you spend money for that which is not bread and your labor for that which satisfies not? Some of the translations, I think we've read them here before. Why zealously pursue something that does not truly comfort you or nourish you? Why do you spend energy on that? Why do you spend money for that? Why do you pursue that? Why do you do that when it doesn't comfort you? It doesn't really satisfy. It doesn't really make you happy. It doesn't nurture you. It doesn't nourish you. It doesn't make you better off. Why do you do it? Why is there continual sacrifice, spinning, and giving, but no lasting profit or satisfaction? That's the question. Why is it, and there's an answer, why is it you will do things that you think are going to make you happy, and they don't, and you keep doing it? Why is it that we spend money for bread to eat things that don't satisfy? Why do we labor for things that don't fill us? Why do we not fill our lives with things of substance and that give us hope and strengthen us and encourage us? Why do we invest so much time and energy on something that's malnourishing and harmful? Why do we invest in things that don't give us hope, but actually cause our hearts to fail? These scriptures that I've just read to you here are important to recognize that the Bible has looked into our hearts and tells us, I know the way you are. I know the way that you're wired, and your ear will never hear enough and your eye will never see enough. There's no amount of binging or watching, exploring, uh, enjoying that's ever going to cause your senses to say, "You know what? I've had enough. I'm done. I don't need it anymore." Now, James chapter 1, why is it that we will pursue things that don't satisfy? Why is it we'll run after things that don't give us hope? Now, James picks this up. This scripture has just exploded for me uh in in in much clarity and detail. And so, if I'm catching up to you, encourage me today with your amens because you all may have already totally seen this. And the Lord's like, I got to get brother Aaron on the same page. He calls me brother Aaron apparently so that he could he could fit in with the rest of them. Their son, my son Aaron, I need to help him catch up here. So you give you encourage me if I'm finding that this this angle that you've seen for for years in James chapter 1 14 and 15. This is so familiar to us that it's easy for you to kind of tune out right now. But let's concentrate. Every man is tempted when he's drawn away of his own lust and enticed. So let's carefully consider the practical application of this principle. We know every man is tempted when he's drawn away of his own lust and enticed. So every man is tempted. Now this word tempt there doesn't necessarily it doesn't mean the same as the enticement. This tempted means he's it's translated to proven examined. It means to try or to say to test something. Every man is tested. He's tried. He's going to be proven. So this is a trial of how he'll behave himself is one of the definitions. It's a test of character. Every man's character is tested. Hey, every man is going to be proven. He's going to be tried. You can find out what a man is made of when he's drawn away, which means lured away from safety by his own lust. So, a man's character is going to be tested when he's drawn away from safety. He's drawn away from protection of his own desire, craving, or longing. It's his own desire. It's his own longing. It's his own craving. And so, and it says and enticed, which means beguiled or allured. So it's kind of caught by the bait, deceived by some pretense, deceived, has the idea of a trap, something that tricks you. So a man's character is tested when he is drawn away from safety by his own desire and caught in a trap. And now it continues that when that desire catches, when lust hath conceived, it bringeth forth sin, and sin when it is finished bringeth forth death. Yeah. So when the desire catches so that you have you're you're a person. It says every man is tempted when he's drawn away of his own life. Your character is proven or tried or a sade when you are led away from safety by your own desire. It's it's it's not an something external necessary, but your own desire is then traps you. And then when that desire catches or seizes or controls you, it brings forth the offense. It brings forth the wrong, brings forth sin, which is just a wrong or transgression. And then if you if you follow this cycle, it continu when it continues to completion, right? When it says it bringeth when it is finished, it brings forth death, loss of life, lack of true living, it does not result in the tree of life. Does not result in real living. Does not result in satisfaction. When a man is character is proven and attested whenever he's drawn away from safety and the things that really satisfy by his own longing, his own desire and gets trapped by his desire. And then when he acts on it, that's the offense. And if you stay in that cycle because it says when sin is finished, it's this process. It doesn't bring forth joy. It doesn't bring forth hope. It actually brings forth death. The opposite of the real living. And it it's described as it's just described as death. And I want you to think in a way that there's a manner of living that is actually dying. There's a way that we can live that is not truly living. As brother Bam talks about in thirsting for life, oh woo, this is life. He says, "No, that's death." There's a way that we think, "Oh, this is life. This is the good life. This is awesome. This is wonderful. Isn't this great?" And we've tricked ourselves into thinking that we're experiencing life when in reality it's death. Amen. Amen. The Bible says in 1 Timothy 5:6, so there's a drawing away. Every man is proven, his character is proven, it's tested when he allows his own desires to be to control him. When they become caught and seizes control, it entices him. 1 Timothy 5:6, this is applies not just to the she, but she that liveth in pleasure is dead while she liveth. The person who's always yielding to their desire as as James writes it that he's drawn away of his own lust, his own pleasure, his own seeking for want, his own desire. Anyone that's always yielding to pleasure is not truly living but is in bondage to an unfulfilling cycle. You're dead while you live. This isn't real living. He she that liveth in pleasure is always driving after pleasure, always looking to be satisfied, always looking um for a thrill, always looking for something that can uh give this spark of excitement. That's death. That's not real living. Now, I know that it's been it may seem it may seem long already today, and since it's getting drawn out, I might be making your heart sick. I don't know. But uh I'm kind of right at a middle part here. So this is with your help we can finish this up at a decent time. But this is this is an important very important principle that I'm building off of. Everything I've been saying to this point is kind of revolving around the way the Lord dealt with me on this. Do not confuse pleasure where it talks about uh your own drawn away of your own lust which is your desire. Here it says he she that liveth in pleasure. Do not confuse want or desire pleasure with love or happiness. Amen. Let's pay very I want to pay very careful attention to the application of this biblical truth that we're made a certain way that well what I long for if I don't see it I get discouraged and makes my heart sick. But when I get what I long for is kind of makes me feel like I'm living makes me feel alive. But then there's this this framework that the devil can use to try to get us in this oh that's what you wanted. That's what you wanted. That's what you wanted. We think oh this is exciting. This is good. This is good. And then the Bible says but you know what? There's a part of you that the eye is always going to want and the ear is always going to want. And then what it wants and what it seeks after is not even the things that satisfy. So there's a way that we're driven to pursue things. There's a way that we're caused to look after things and enjoy things and participate in things that is actually we're not really living. We're in bondage to a cycle. We're in bondage to wanting things and we're why does this not ever satisfy? And maybe some of you can relate. I'm going to use an old example so that we don't ever we don't get uncomfortable, but we we we remember when we first got maybe it was your first laptop or your first cell phone, a first MP3 player and just how wow all that was, right? And maybe for our digital natives here, you you just have to humor us for a little bit. Uh cuz they're born with one in their hand and they can't necessarily appreciate it. Uh and we when we experience this and it's like that's amazing. So then you have your your phone for a while and then you want to get a new one and maybe the next time you get it there's different features and you're like, "Wow." But then after a while you keep looking for the wow when you open the box, right? None of you got it with your iPhone 13. I promise you, right? you you had the you had the iPhone mini, you had the 4S or whatever, and you get the Uber Pro Max uh Tundra Platinum Expedition Edition, and and you open it up like, yeah, it's just bigger than the other one. And you're looking for this. Woo, that's awesome. And we're always looking for something to wow us and and and we and looking for enjoyment. The Bible's talking about this process that takes place in our lives that we're in bondage to on a daily basis whether we realize it or not. And so what I want to divide right now is that part of you that wants something and desires something but the part of you that rather really likes something and is happy by it. Because this and and this is we're looking at the practical application of these biblical truths because the dopamine I've been talking about in your brains and this pleasure center of our brain as it's used to refer to pleasure. It doesn't determine happiness. Right? It doesn't even determine enjoyment. Right? The dopamine effect in your brain, this pleasure center of your brain does not mediate what you like. The dopamine drives desire. In other words, it determines what you want and doesn't indicate what you like. This is what the Bible's telling us. Because why else do you eat bread of deceit knowing it's going to make you feel like you have gravel? You don't like gravel in your mouth, but you still eat the bread. Why? Because there's something that your mind is doing to you and makes you want it even if you don't like it. I know that might sound like the beginning of an Old Spice commercial, but it's not. It's the truth. You want it and you want it but you don't like it. And so our dopamine system, that part of our pleasure sent in our brain, it fuels our wants. It fuels our lust. It fuels our desires. Even against our liking of something, even against whether or not that thing makes us happy, even against whether or not we feel that we enjoy it. So it's not indicative of love. It's not indicative of like. It's not indicative of happiness. It's not indicative of true pleasure or satisfaction. And so when it comes to this is where it's definitely relevant when it comes to addiction and this has been studied to great detail and and the way that they are able to determine this is just to me it's complete that when it comes to addictions the wanting of something becomes detached from liking it. The the addict it will even admit it's not something they like. It's not something they enjoy. They don't even like the consequences of it. but they can't stop wanting it. And so this is on a maybe on a really destructive level when it comes to certain kind of addictions. But our pleasure center, that dopamine system, as we've been referring to it, learns that certain cu cues indicate a reward. Oh, when I see that, it tells me that something's about to happen. When when I see that, it cues there's going to be a dopamine rush. When I say cue, there's this cue of, oh, there's something that comes from that that makes me feel good, that gives me a certain sensation. And this is how uh certain behaviors are triggered. This is how certain addictions uh can be uh relapsed because all it takes is just the sight of one thing, the experience of one thing, the notification of something and it causes even against your uh your liking of it causes you to want it. Think of think of yourself. I'm not uh if the Lord is wanting to uncover some sort of nefarious addiction, God grant it. I hope you get you the deliverance you need. But it happens in a more innocent level on a daily basis for all of us. rewards can uh the cues the little signs of them can trigger these this burst of reward seeking motivation like a an emotional magnet is what they call it where it's not that you even like it but you're drawn to it to satisfy it and that's how the addictions get started because eventually our minds just get sensitized to that urge or wanting and once it becomes conditioned or sensitized to it it's never satisfied it can't be satisfied The Bible says it can't be, but it's sensitized for it. The ear wants to hear. The eye wants to see. The brain wants to enjoy, wants to experience it. And they drug addicts will want to use drugs even if they don't like them. Someone who's addicted to something will actually uh uh engage in it even if they admit it gives them little or no pleasure, but they still want it. But John, if you don't mind queuing up that cute little rat with an odd little hat up there. I want I'm gonna try to just run through this very very quickly and we'll just use this slide for just a few moments. Uh thankfully they don't do this to humans, but maybe unfortunately they do it to rats and they put them in these Skinner boxes and they come up with all sorts of experiments and tricks to try to determine how how these mice and these rats are motivated. Uh they proposed years ago um to replace rats in studies with lawyers. Uh because there's so many of them. Uh not everybody, you know, nobody likes lawyers and there's just some things that rats won't do. But they use these studies to try to determine uh I identify you the way human behavior works. And so the in these Skinner boxes, there's one where they just put them in there and there was a lever that they would bump into. Whenever they touch the lever, food would come out. And what happens is the rat begin to realize if I touch this, I get food, right? So they condition them and there's this process of condition to perform a certain behavior through reinforcement. And then they would use different ways uh uh uh like if we do something and that conditions them and they're going to do it through reinforcement, keep doing something over and over again. But then what they did is they put in a lever that whenever they touched it and they attached this, you know, this zapper, right, to the part of their brain that would induce dopamine. And so there would, it would activate the pleasure center, this sense of, ooh, I like that, that good feeling. And they put this lever in the Skinner box. And whereas before if they touched a lever they would get food. Now if they touched a certain part of the cage or they went into a particular corner and and they got that they got that shock in their brains um then they would get this feeling of excitement kind of like what you get when you get your dopamine release. And what would h what happened is the rats would repeatedly press the lever to activate their pleasure center because they're like yeah yeah yeah right. I mean, it would just be like over and over. Yes. Constantly doing it because it would trigger the pleasure center. And this is what the rats did. They did it to the point to where they stopped eating. They stopped sleeping. They stopped drinking. To the point to where they eventually died from exhaustion. I don't know where they're at on the lawyer study yet with in the Skinner boxes. But they would do it over and over and over again. This is the catch. Not because they liked it, but because they wanted it. And because they wanted it, this empty pleasure took over. They got nothing out of the lever. Just a sensation, right? They got nothing out of the scroll. They got nothing out of the click. They got nothing out of the experience. Just the sensation. And they did it at the risk of their own health. They didn't eat. They didn't sleep. They actually did it to where they died from exhaustion, not because they like it, because the want took over. Wow. And say, "Well, how do they figure?" They did ways where they controlled it. They could determine whether or not there certain situations where they gave them um salty water and they gave them sweet water to determine whether or not it was a condition of them liking it because they could completely take the dopamine system and kill it. And show that it had nothing to do with like. It has everything to do with the want. In a later study, they took a a metal stick and put it in a cage and and if they touched it, it would shock them. And they said typically the rats would learn their lesson after a few times and stay away. Now, let's make this applicable. Let's think about ourselves. That there's this rod in this cage and that whenever they bumped up against it, it shocked them, caused it physical pain, and after a while, they knew, don't go near the the stick, right? just stay away from that. When you do, you get bit. It's not a good thing. But then what they did is they did this right here. They put a a a electrical current into the dopamine center of their brain. And what they did is every time they would touch that stick, they would activate their dopamine system. So now, even though it caused them pain and even though it hurt, they got the sensation. They got this sensation of dopamine and they would actually become obsessed with the stick, right? They'd become engrossed with it and they would go over there and it would they would get the dopamine and it would zap them and they'd go away and they like go over there and they and they'd go away and after what maybe 10 minutes they'd stay away. Then it would be five and they'd get to the point where they would approach it, sniffle it. They said it would nuzzle it, touch it with its paw or nose, it would become enamored with it. because the it doesn't have to like it. It just wants it. You can take the picture down. If we're using this as an example of how our brains work in our dopamine system, even without the expectation of good, even without the satisfaction or the happiness, it couldn't help itself. It was no longer under in control. It was under the forces of that I want that release in my brain. I need this certain release. I I need I need to do this when I get up in the morning. I've got to go and make this this hot beverage of this dark substance that I don't even like the taste of, but I need to do it. Come on, somebody. You know it's true, right? You feel that you need to do it. And in that way, we're not very much unlike the rats, right? Because we just nuzzle it and we paw it and we touch it, right? And we're over there just kind of holding it. Honey, get a picture. Right. You know, like, you know, you don't really like it, but you want it. I think you should make practical application. Are we returning to things that we know don't really satisfy? 2 Corinthians chapter 2:1, "Lest Satan should get an advantage of us, for we're not ignorant of his devices." is that advantage means to defraud us or swindle us. I'm just going to go quickly now. We are not ignorant of his devices. That's his scheme. That's his trick. It's the way that he wants to. He's designed something a particular way to trick us. I believe that we're living in the climax of Satan's Eden and we're having to navigate through so many things. I was going to use the scripture of using the world but not abusing it. Uh use the scripture on the principle Paul saying, "I die daily." That there's things that daily we have to be recognizing. And to think that there's a way that Satan wants to trick us and defraud us and get advantage of us, but we can keep him from doing that by being aware of his tricks. Yeah. By being aware of the downside, we can use the world, but we don't want to let it abuse us. We we need to die daily to certain things. And we need to be aware that certain activities can stimulate the pre pleasure center and become habitual to us, become addictive, and there's things that we do without even thinking, and we're doing it over and over again. And it's the product of not what you like, but a product of what your mind wants. And I believe the world is getting us to a place where it's constantly trying to stimulate our pleasure center. Constantly trying to to give us this thrill. Constantly trying to in it's designed to entice us. It's designed to get us the to act not because we like something or because we love something or because we think it's going to make us happy, but because of the way that we're made. We're drawn away from safety. We're drawn away at by our own desires and our wants and our likes and our wants and our lust, not our love. We're not drawn We're not drawn by what we know will truly satisfy and give us hope. Now, if the in this next slide, I think I hopefully you can see this and it'll work. It the the headline says never offline. Says the Apple Watch is just the start. how wearable tech will change your life, like it or not. And and and it it's and this is kind of conveys this idea. This was the cover of Time magazine and and the the article was how Apple is invading our bodies. Kind of a type of the original sin there. How Apple is invading our bodies. Now, you want to anybody want to guess the year that this article was published in? Good guess. It's 2014. We're we're 8 and a half years beyond this. September 10th, 2014. And we're so much further. I mean, if we think in terms of Moore's law, God rest his soul. He just passed away this past week. In terms of how this technology is increasing in capacity and everything that's evolving and where it's getting to, we're a million miles from even what they thought it would be maybe in 2014. And this is a statement that they made in this article. The reality of living with an iPhone or any smart connected device is that it makes reality feel just that little bit less real. The the problem with the cell phone and a smartwatch and all these uh connected devices and these smart devices and now we have to have internet for our refrigerators and our toasters are talking back to us and everything's connected and everything is communicating. It says it makes reality feel less real. In other words, the things that are real feel less real. If you want an example of this, now synthetic leather is better than real leather. They can make fake leather better than the cows can make the real leather. That's where we've gotten to in Satan's Eden. Like, wow, is this fake? Yeah. Oh, I like that. Oh, that's the real Yeah. Yeah. I like this other stuff over here. It's the way that things have become. makes it feel less real. One gets overconnected to the point where the thoughts and opinions of distant anonymous strangers start to feel more urgent than those of your loved ones who are in the same room as you. One forgets how to be alone and undistracted. And that's the part to me that stands out. We don't know what it's like to just sit anymore, to just be alone with our thoughts. To be to be undistracted, we have to have something next to us. Is I know we've all had this thought over the last couple years. What in the world did we do at a doctor's office? Right? And now you're saying, "Who in the world goes to a doctor's office anymore?" Right? It's all telealth now. And just wait till they start setting up the 3D printers in your living room to do your surgeries. The doctor's just over there in his pajamas, right? He sleeps in his scrubs. He's like, "The surge will be over in a minute. Just keep still doing it remotely." Or maybe it'll be surgeon GPT be. But this is where we're going to. And if you think about the devices we use and the way that we're interacting with them, we're like in our own little Skinner boxes. We've got our levers. We got the things that we return to, the things that we are conditioned to expect a reward from. And as if there's anything these scriptures teach us is that the flesh tends to addiction. That there's a there's a repetitive behavior that we engage in, but it can never be full. It can never satisfy. Just have a few more scriptures I want to share with you, but we're closing. We're closing with just a a run of thoughts here. Anybody ever heard of the unit bias? It's fascinating. could talk about it at lunch if you want to. But there's this bias in our hearts that believes that the amount we're given is the right amount. Right? So therefore, we want to we that's why we we and we've been told since we're kids, finish the food that's on your plate. Nowadays, when we go to a restaurant, we just assume that that chicken fried steak is the right amount. So we feel compelled to finish it. You get you have a drink, you buy a 32 ounce drink, you feel compelled to finish it because you have this compulsion and this belief that the amount you're given is the right amount. So, we try to finish it. This is they they've come up with ways to figure this out. How does a person determine what's enough? Okay. And this is relevant in that the eye is never satisfied with seeing nor the ear hearing. And and if all there all there was in the world was one book, right? Right. after you read it, you'd be like, "Well, there's no there's nothing else to read, feel pretty good until, you know, they bang out another one, right?" But now there it's endless. The things you can read, the things that you hear, the things that you can see. And just as an example of the unit bias, they put out a bowl of candy and and they put out a little spoon in the bowl and they said, "Uh, you can have as much as you can get in a scoop." And so people took a scoop and they took it and they had it and they and they were happy with their little teaspoon. But what they kept doing is they kept increasing the size of the scoop. And people always adjusted their consumption based on the size of the scoop. In other words, they might have had just a tablespoon. Might have been very, very sweet candy. They used M&M's and different things and you get a little handful and you eat it and the person seemed to be satisfied. But you could keep increasing it. And the people never stopped the amount of candy they ate because the scoop told them that's the right amount. So they had like this unit bias that whatever's given to me is what is the amount that I want to consume. Whatever's available is the amount that I cons can consume. Welcome the infinite scroll. Right? Welcome our devices and platforms and technology today that doesn't have an end. And the only point you stop is when you finally get to where you were before and you tell yourself, "I'm done because you have there's this you have this appetite. You have this drive. You have this hunger and this and the you can get on whether it be uh whatever platform, Instagram. I was I was watching it in particular as I traveled the last few days on how people sat there. I don't know if it's Instagram or YouTube or uh Tik Tok probably is what it was. And they're all all, you know, biting off one another. They're all impersonating vine and uh it just one after another after another. There's no end to it. They were never satisfied either, right? They threaten to hijack the plane if the Wi-Fi goes down. I'm not done. I haven't reached the bottom yet. There is no bottom. There is no end. Right. That's why they want you on their platforms. That's why they want you on the app is because they'll always be next. That's right. And if you don't think it's right, test it the next time. What you read before you go to bed and what you'll read when you get up the next morning is up to where you were when you went to bed. This is practical. This is just practical stuff. We will adjust our consumption based upon what's available. And now that everything's available, we don't adjust our consumption. The Bible says in Jeremiah 17:9, "The heart is deceitful above all things and desperately wicked. Who can know it?" The heart wants it. Right? The heart wants it, but it doesn't even like it. The mind wants it, but it doesn't bring happiness. The heart is deceitful above all things. It wants things that hurt you. It wants things that aren't profitable. It wants things that don't satisfy. Brother Brandham in the sermon, the greatest battle ever fought says, speaking of the devil, he tries to show you something better, an easier way, a more sensible plan. That's what's being presented today through this ease through Leodysia, the conspicuous consumption, the the the being rich and increased with goods and saying, "I have need of nothing." There it is. It's it's still this insatiable desire and this this lust and this want. But he says, "There's no more sensible plan than that God laid down at the beginning, his word." word. He says, "Hold that word." I know this might seem maybe theological or it might seem uh maybe abstract to you, but get a grip on it. Let it get a grip on you. Stay there with it. It's our only hope. It's our only hope. We're all just being dumbed down. It says how how technology is invading our bodies. How they're wanting to put devices on us that monitor everything. And then we rationalize, well, I know how many steps I took, right? And and if they if they had this when they were doing the Oregon Trail, they would have known the Donner party would have survived. Like we get in our minds that this is the only way we can keep up is if I know how many steps we need to have water bottles that remind us to drink it. You need your water. And what we're doing is we're relying on all these things to give us the cues. We're relying on all these things that you know what happens to my water bottle when I drink it enough? It unlocks a new light strobe. or the reason why I do this is because if I do this I unlock another level and I get a new skin and you're constantly looking for ways and you're connected and fit into that and you're driven by all these other things and it's it's it's it's a it's a it's a Skinner box. It's a rat lab. It's the rat race that brother Benham talked about and we're all fully investing in it and we're getting integrated into it and we're living by. You may not think so, but I'm being very very sincere today. There's some who are maybe not prone to certain addictions that get the headlines. But many of us have addictive personalities that are in the soft things, in the innocent things, and we're driven by nature to immerse ourselves in things. And we're driven by nature to experience rewards and benefits through certain things. And we've got to take a step back and realize we're now slaves to that. We're caught up in it when what we need to do is lay a hold of the word. The devil's offered a sensible plan, an easier plan, and we've just locked into it. But we got to somehow get away from it. And this is a scripture I just I I think this might be the last one I have in the slide. I Matthewap 11 28. Come unto me all ye that labor and are heavy laden and I will give you rest. Come unto me all ye that are labor as as the writer said. Oh, everything's full of labor. And and we labor for things that don't satisfy. We labor for things that don't fulfill us. and we're seeing and we're hearing and we're driving and we're pursuing and it never satisfies. And he says, "All you that are seeking that, all you that are caught in the Skinner box, all of you who are caught in this this dopamine cycle and you're wanting things and desiring things that you don't even like," he says, "Come unto me and I'll give you the rest your soul wants." I'll give you the rest that you really desire. And I and I was thinking about this last week and I I wanted to start writing it down and I just realized I there was just maybe a few key phrases that kept coming to my mind, but I was thinking about all the songs that we sing a and and the words to these songs that we we sing and how that can we really say when we say you're all I want. Is that true? You're all I want oat milk extra hot no cream. Right. like the what else? What else? What else do we need him to add to it? You're all you're all I ever need. And we talk about his wonders and we sing about his grace and nothing compares to you and how wonderful he is. And we have these things and these sayings, but we're less enamored with him. We're we're less engaged with him. We're over there in the corner tapping the lever. We love you, Jesus. We love you so much, God. You're so wonderful. The cross is so amazing, right? Is it even true anymore? I I I guess I'd like to make the challenge, but I would be afraid of the silence. Don't sing it if it's not true. Is it really true? Do you do you really love them? And and I believe what we're introducing today at least bringing it back to your memory or to like bringing it up in your hearts to recognize that we could acknowledge there's things that this mind wants that my heart knows I don't like. There's things in my mind and my body's drawn to that I feel that I want. I have some sort of compulsion. It gives me some sort of feeling uh uh that I some sort of itch that I'm trying to scratch. But I know that I I don't even It's not that I like it. It's not that I love it. But it's not that it really brings me joy. This isn't my life. This isn't my peace. It's not my all in all. It's not all I want. It's not all I ever needed. It's not my rest. It's not my hope. And you realize that deep down inside, he is my hope. He is what I want. He is whom I love. Can you not think about how how you felt when he saved you from your sins? Can can you not think about how you felt when the message began to dawn on you? Can you not think of how you felt when he delivered you? Can you not think about the moments when he became real and his presence is strong and you realize how much the rat cage and the skinner boxes in the infinite scroll is trying to draw you away from those real moments. He says come unto me all you that labor and are heavy laden and I will give you rest. Do we stand in awe in the presence of the Lord? Amen. How can he become what we really sing about him? And I'm saying it with as much grace as I can. I believe there's things that have captured our attention that aren't what we really want. They're not what we really love. They're not what we really enjoy, but they become our addictions in contradiction to what gives us real satisfaction. They become our addictions and our habits and our manner of life in contradiction to what we know deep down inside is our hope and what gives us our satisfaction. But the heart is desperately wicked, deceitful above all things. The deceived heart wonders after things that do not satisfy to the neglect of true happiness. He says, "Come unto me all you that labor and are heavy laden and I will give you rest." He says, "If any man thirst, let him come unto me and drink." In other words, come back to the tree of life. Reawaken our hope because these things that you pursue when it comes to Christ are never in vain. There's no vanity in it. There's no emptiness in it. The world can only offer you vain pursuits. The world can only offer you uh uh trophies that you that that are destroyed, that become meaningless, that mean nothing at the end of the day. But he says, "Come unto me. If any man thirst, come to me." What'd he tell the woman at the well? I offer you water that when you draw from it, out of you will come a well of living water. This will satisfy. This will quench. But what did he castigate them for? He says, "You won't come unto me that you can have life. You'll go to everything else, but you won't come to me to have life. You'll go to everything else, but you won't come to me." He says, "You will not come to me that you might have life." What I'm wanting to show you that there is a hope in Christ. There is a reality in Jesus Christ. There's something real and living in the word of God where you can come back to life. Hallelujah. He says the thief come not cometh not but for to steal. The thief comes to steal and to kill and to destroy. That's what this world is grabbing. You're the commodity. It's taking something away from you. It's drawing things away from you. It's changing the way we think. It's changing our expectations. He says, "But I am come that they might have life and that they might have it more abundantly." Amen. What I want to uh express to this phrase coming back to life. It's the reviving of hope. It's the reawakening of things that we ought to look forward to. It's sobering up from the intoxication of the technology and media that we consume on a daily basis. And I believe that if we could somehow get distance from that, if we could somehow get a little bit distance from that, you'll find that hope is still alive. That there's still good things to feed on. There's still good things to think about. and you can begin to awaken to the wonder of Christ that is all around us. If Apple is invading our bodies and things are becoming a little bit less real, we like people's avatars and their digital life more than we like the flesh and blood life that's right there with us. We fall in love with the the the the artificial uh uh images that they make, the fakes that they can make and the way that they can present themselves and the filters that people put. I preached a a couple sermons on no filter. You know, I I I think it would be a good idea for some of us to stop looking at ourselves on our cell phones through a veneer and through a filter and accept the way that we are and the way that God made us and not try to present ourselves to other people. They know you don't look like that. The only person you're fooling is yourself. Amen. And the reason why it works is because the way you feel when you see it. You need to sober up from the intoxication. Amen. says in Isaiah, "Ho, everyone that thirsteth, come ye to the waters. He that hath no money, come ye buy and eat. Come buy wine and milk without money without price. Why do you spend money for that which is not bread and labor for that that doesn't satisfy? Hearken diligently unto me, and eat ye that which is good, and let your soul delight in fatness. Incline your ear, and come unto me here, and your soul shall live." This is what the Bible invites us to do. I know it might not seem flashy like a cell phone and in in the full color and the way that these cell phones just have a way that they're inviting just even the way that the apps are designed and the way that things are done. They've been studying human nature. They've got billions of dollars and trillions of hours into it trying to figure you out and they're giving you what they know your brain wants. But it's not what your heart needs. It's not what gives joy. It's not what gives satisfaction. And he says, "Incline your ear unto me. Let your soul delight in fatness." There is a true abundance. There's true living. Oh, it's my desire that we as believers in this end time would come back to life. Amen. Amen. The Bible says, "The hope of the righteous shall be gladness." Proverbs 10:28, "The hope of the righteous shall be gladness, but the expectation of the wicked shall perish." That's the word. Cursed is the man that trusteth in his arm. He trustth in man, makes his flesh his strength. But blessed is the man whose hope the Lord is. He'll be like a tree whose roots will spread out. And can handle a drought, can handle the sun when things get boring, when things get tough. Jesus. It's like, yeah, I don't need a cheap thrill. I know it really satisfies. I I I'm not going to just take what the world's going to give me right now. I'll just wait on the Lord. I'll just think. I'll just meditate. I will seek the wonder of Christ in his word. I will incline my ear unto him. I will come unto him. This is the truth. Come unto him and he'll give you rest. Will the hope of the righteous shall be gladness. That's that satisfaction, that expectation, that joy. But the expectation of the wicked is death. musicians, if you'd
