################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-05-14 - Bro. Abraham Mairah Dying The Death And Having The End Of The Righteous Man Pt. 2 - Abraham Mairah.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2023-05-14
Title:    Bro. Abraham Mairah: Dying The Death And Having The End Of The Righteous Man Pt. 2
Speaker:  Abraham Mairah
Church:   Arizona Believers Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 42m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fl-bsTqLQmI
========================================

Description:
Bro. Abraham Mairah: Dying The Death And Having The End Of The Righteous Man Pt. 2
Sunday Service: May 14, 2023
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Yeah, it was quite interesting yesterday. We sharing about dying the death and having the end of the righteous man and we're trying to focus so much on what's the death of the righteous visav the death of a fool. And we saw how the four lepers said, "How can we just sit there idle when we can do something?" And they came up with a decision said we have to do something about a condition. If we go back to the city, we shall die. If we stay here, we shall die. If we go where the enemy is, well, we shall be ready to die. If they kill us, we die. If not, we shall live. So there is some hope in the land of the enemy than where we are. Because where we are, we shall die. If where we left, we shall die. If we go back to the city, we shall die. If we stay here, we shall die. But if we go where the enemy is, well, there is some probability that we can live. So they were willing to stake their lives to go to the enemy. And we saw in the book of um Deuteronomy, I mean numbers where Joshua and Calb says only don't rebel against the word of the Lord. The Lord the land that we saw is very good land and if the Lord delights in us, he will bring us to that land. Yes. Right. And the people that you are magnifying so much, talking so much about how big, gigantic, how you are belittling yourself to the size of a grasshopper because you are looking at the horror condition using your eyes. You don't have eyes of faith like David who could not look at the gigantic Goliath by the physical eyes. But he looked at him by the spiritual eyes and saw him as an uncircumcised man. He says, "What will this uncircumcised Philistine do?" He didn't mention, "What will this mass, gigantic, big appearing man do?" That would already praise the enemy and work psychological and spiritual on him to pull him down. So he looked at the other side, how God looks us, how God looked at Goliath, the uncircumcised. Amen. So I think for us to always get victory, we need to put on God's goggles, so to speak, so that we begin to look at things the way God looks at them. So you see Joshua and Calb are saying the enemy, those men, those giants you are talking about are bread for us. Yes. And I wish I had my strength. Me I'm more of a preacher than a teacher. Then I could do preaching because that is very good to me. Your enemy is your food. What you fear is where your strength is. What you are scared of, what makes you freak out is what you actually embolden you because that's where the midst of your victory lies. You can never have victory without the enemy. And you will never sit with Christ on his throne unless you overcome. So how will you go there without overcoming? And how will you overcome without a battle? And how will there be a battle without an enemy? So we should thank God for the enemies. Because the Bible says, I will prepare a table for you before your enemies. So God has never promised to take away enemies from you. In fact, he makes sure that he surrounds you with enemies. So because as a child of God, you are successful, more successful spiritually. when you are surrounded by enemies than when you are surrounded by friends. You will not understand that but that's the truth. So when you are surrounded by enemies don't pray that God takes away the enemies. In fact I pray that he adds you more because the more enemies the more faith the more resilience the more stand in the word the more you are grounded. That's why the prophet says the more they win the more the roots go down. So God doesn't take away the enemies because the enemies your promoters when you are sick when you in problems that they once always who say let's see he's God. So they provoke God into action on your behalf. They are always challenging God. I said let's see his God. This time he must die. This one is not going to survive. Let's see. He always says he trust in God. So they are provoking God on your behalf. So they are you are promoters and I'm always really happy to have them. That's why the Bible says love your enemies. Pray for them. Don't even hate them. But don't make them your friends. Just love them. Feed them. But don't go to eat in their places. Feed them because you can't poison them. But for them they can try to poison you. So don't don't go there and play around and eat there and no but feed them when they come. Close them when they they naked. The Bible says because those are your promoters. You need them. You need them more than you need your friends. Well, that is a strong statement, but that's what I've gone through. I am where I am. If some of you have ever listened to my testimony because of what I went through. And actually the more enemies you are surrounded with, the more faith, the more God is presc. And that's why here we see a prophet Isaiah saying, "Lord, other lords besides thee have had dominion over us." God permits other lords besides him to have dominion so that you fight to break through to break free. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So you see that's why these people were saying if we die if we sit here we die. If we go back we die. If we go forward well there's a chance. And because they were willing to die, they didn't die because they lived by faith. Faith takes you to the enemy's ground, not to the comfortable zone. Because first of all, where is the comfortable zone? Not even your home is comfortable. There's no place you'll ever be that is comfortable. Not even your family. The only way that you'll get comfort is when God ordains peace. Like the scripture will says, "Lord, you are the only one who has ordained peace for us. Thou shalt ordain peace. So your peace lies within the confines of your victory." Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So now the problem that we always have is sitting idle wanting things done for you. But a prophet, we read what the prophet said, don't sit idle. Do something. Don't wait to be prayed for pray. Don't wait to be don't asking even silly questions. I mean, how do you ask me about hair? All these years you have been in the message, you don't know the scriptures about hair. You don't know what the prophet says about her. You don't know even the bests about the church order. You don't know even how to pray, how to wait upon the Lord. You don't know your responsibility. Who is the bride? There are some questions that you should be now asking as mature people but not childish questions. There are certain things that you have to do a DIY do it yourself. You are mature and you have to read the message to start a message to pray and to ask God. God doesn't have grandchildren. God can deal with you. He can speak to you. He can reveal himself to you. He can make it plain to you. You are not going to work. I mean God has to work with you directly because he's his you are his daughter. You are his son. Amen. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So that's what we looking at yesterday. And the question was David is asking why should Abuna, a major general, commander in chief, a commando trained in military affairs. Why would we die as a fool at the hands of his fellow commander Joab? And why did he accept to be called back summoned back by his actual enemy, a sworn enemy because already he had finished the king's business. He had already talked with the king. King David had already done you know you know commissioned him sent him to go and gather all Israel so that all the people come to accept him as a king why accept another call that's the problem people who always call you back and trying to talk to you other things more than what you've heard and that's why now we have so many jobs who are sending secret messages do you really believe this I want to talk to you about us about ABCD. Can we meet in private? I want to talk to you without your pastor so that we discuss these things these things really. Do you see the way I see it the message according to brother so and so? Have you have you heard him of reason? Have you seen how he exposed this? Ah, blessed be the name of the Lord. Just like you know what what what what what what the what Hanoon did to the servants of the messengers of David. David has heard that his father has died and he has sent messengers to console him to comfort him and he takes the messengers of David and just shaves half of their beard and then cuts off the clothes the Bible says to the mid of the bs that's what the Bible says and sends them away naked and the men were so ashamed what they they were done to I mean what was unto them was unwarranted. So we have such men who have a specialization in calling you secretly to cut off the clothes of somebody. Do you really know so and so? Do you know that man you are dealing with? Like right now they can tell you do you really know William brother? Do you know the weaknesses he had? Do you know there are things he prophesied and did it happen? Do you know this? Do you know this? They have the ministry of cutting off the scars of the prophet and exposing his nakediness. Am I interested in his nakedness? I'm interested in the mouth. I'm interested in the spoken word. I'm not interested in the person. God called me to the reality of the message, not the messenger. Don't point me to the messenger. Point me to the message. Amen. So as far as God is concerned, he's not even concerned and heaven is not concerned about the weaknesses of the messenger, but the purpose of the messenger. And God lets those messengers have weaknesses that people can point out to and to try to discredit here, discredit there to to destroy your faith. But we are not here to look at William Brham. We are here to receive the message that he brought. And the message that he brought with revealing identify the the the fullness of the word Jesus Christ himself. So Jesus is here. But because many people are failures, look, Joab is exposing his own distrust in the leadership of David. He's under David, but he's not contented with what David is doing. He feels he has better ideas, better plans than David, but he died for it. So the question is, why would you die as a fool? Because a fool says there's no God. We were dealing with that yesterday. We are not fools and we should not act as fools and live like fools. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Now today I'm looking at how do we end. You see look at Moses. How is he ending? One of the greatest prophets the world has ever had. The very type of Jesus Christ. The one whom God made a god. I have made you a god to Pharaoh. The one whom God talked with face to face. He asked one time God until God showed him his glory. God showed him the back part his back. Look at how he's ending being buried in the land of Moab by God himself. He is ending by being shown what the possession is but not being allowed to go and possess. And if you'll watch carefully, this is what the devil wants to do. He wants you just to look at what is promised. And that's what God allowed Moses. Look, see, see see all the land. But you're not going to go there. Why? Because of your reaction to the provocation. You didn't really act calm. You didn't You were not cautious of my presence. You owned my position. You know, Moses is is told to go and speak to the rock because he had already smitted the rock and that rock was Christ and Christ supposed to be smitten once. when you smile him the second time, that is Hebrews chapter 6, crucifying him the second time. But now Moses because he's already annoyed and he had a problem of anger, he goes in rage and he forgets the very wording of the message. He doesn't do it according to what God spoke verbatim. Instead of speaking to the rock, he hits it twice. And if you watch carefully, why did he hit it twice yet? He had already hit it. That makes it three times the rock is heated is hit three times by Moses. And Moses here is typing on the in the physical someone who will see but not rich. Although for him of course he went to heaven. He is gone. The Bible says later on God pardoned him and came and resurrected him and there was an argument over his body with Lucifer. Do we know that? Do you know why there was an argument? Because of this. And now today we see Jesus was crucified first on Calvary. In 1963, brother Brandham preaches indictment and he says they have crucified Jesus Christ again the second time. in 1963. But today Jesus Christ is again this time being crucified by the bride by the believers because the fullness of Christ has been identified. Christ was identified with the bride live the denomination 1963 Christ was crucified by the denominations on their pulpits. But in the year 2000 where we are standing onwards 2023 Christ is being crucified. The message is being crucified. The truth is being crucified by the people who believe the truth and preach the truth. Three crucifixions. The rock was hit three times. And because they are hitting the rock the third time, it impedes them to cross over. I was preaching somewhere in Kenya sometime last year, November I think, and I was talking about this is Jesus Christ, the king of the Jews. I was talking about the Jesus whom the devil wants, the Jesus whom the people want. And Pilate is saying this is Jesus the king of the Jews. And they are going to him and said don't write the king of the Jews but that he said. And then Pilate says what I have written I have written. I know that that man is a king of the Jews. And look at the kind of the the way you have treated your king. Look at your king. He's not my king. He's not the king of the Romans. He's not the king of the Gentiles. He's not he's the king of the Jews. Look at your king. You have sweped him naked. You have beaten him. He has a crown of of thorns. He's bleeding. He's is is like that. You are king. The Jesus that is demeaned. That is brought down. That is crucified. That's dead. That is the king. That's the Jesus you want. That is the Messiah you want. You want him in that state. That is the crucifixion. Jesus crucified both the hands the the legs are nailed. The hands are nailed. Three nails. One nail is joining the legs. Another hand. The hand is a nail. The hand is nailed. Three nails. And we still have the three nails today. Women, money, popularity. That's what is crucifying him. Popularity, money, women has made preachers today to crucify, right? Jesus to sell the truth, to reject the truth. And Jesus is now a powerless crucified somebody. The Jesus you control, the Jesus who doesn't control you, the Jesus who's held, who cannot stand and the feet stand for the gospel. The hands stand for the works. So the hands are nailed. The Jesus that is powerless that cannot heal the sick, crucified, exposed, ashamed, belittled, abused because of the church, because of the believers. So Moses because he crucifies or he hits him the third time. First time smite the rock. That was official. God told him to smite the rock and God permitted Jesus to be killed on Calvary. But second time 1963 the type of 1963 denominations killed him, rejected the word, crucified the revealed truth, rejected the prophet. And now in our age, the message believers they wanted Jesus the control. the Jesus that is so little that is so small that has no control over them they have their rights they they they talk the way they talk they walk the way they want the Jesus they don't worship the Jesus they can't praise too little to be praised so that's why this instead of clapping you know we do this our Jesus has become so little he doesn't deserve being clapped for he doesn't deserve love being lifted up hands for. He's not a big one to be woripped. A Jesus we have no time for his word. We can't even read. You know, we have so much stuff that the world gives us to read, but no time for Jesus. A Jesus that you cannot kneel and pray to. You are too big to even kneel. Too big. Yay. Yay. Crucified, put in a small place, belittled one. The Jesus that the devil wants, the message that doesn't control you, but you control it. Yeah. Yeah. That's why we come here somewhere. The prophet says there's a problem. He says it is the stubborn. Let me come here. He says God is going to ask us why. Why sit we here? Why are you not healed? Why are you not strong? Why are you not having the Holy Ghost? Why are you not on fire? Why are you ashamed of Jesus? Why are you, you know, embarrassed to talk about him? You can't even testify about Jesus. Do how do you want to end? Do you know what God was hating about Moses? When Moses was smiting the rock, he said, "Come if you rebels," you know the scripture. He says, "Must we must we fetch water for you out of this rock, we" And God said, "Because you didn't glorify me, you glorified yourself." Mhm. And you know the word that God has given us, the truth that God has given us, this message should make us nothing, should humiliate us to nothing until we become completely nothing and we disappear and he appears. What they call the manifestation of the sons of and daughters of God. That means you completely disappear. It's God now appearing. It's God now speaking, walking, talking and doing everything. But when you are the big one and Jesus is nothing, then you are taking the glory from him and God is going to say because I gave you the opportunity to glorify me so that you get manifested as a son of God. But instead, you ended up glorifying yourself. And that's why we have so many of these super preachers, international pastors, big men around the world, messiahs, prophet this, prophet that, messenger this, I have come back instead of William Ram. Yeah, brother says when Christ pours himself again anymore, he's not going to pour himself into one individual. Says the whole body of Christ. So the Elisha ministry is not going to be some brother somewhere in Africa, in America, Europe, right? It's going to be the body. That's why it's called a bride body. Okay. Well, I said yesterday I'm not looking for friends. Maybe I'm preaching myself out of Phoenix. Maybe Phoenix will never invite me again. And that would be very good for me because it will keep me back home. Glory be to God. Amen. So the problem is when you lift up yourself, you take the glory from him, you begin to be the one to shine. All men look to me. I'm the man of the hour. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. So what happens? God now says, "Okay, you see where you are supposed to go." Is that the end I want to have? No. So the prophet says he God is going to ask us why. He asked the king why. Now it wasn't because they didn't have a prophet that they could consult. No, no, no, no, no, sir. He could have went and consulted with a prophet. Excuse me. The prophet of God. It wasn't because there was no prophet in Israel. Sure, the God of Israel would have told the prophet about a king, but it was the king's own stubborn way. And then he comes up and says, "And that's what's the matter with the nations today in the world. It's not because we haven't got a God, but science is trying to rule him out of the picture. Science. I have the best specialist for the nose, for the eyes, for the this, for the that. And they are always booked out. The dentists, the ENTs, Dr. this specialist this and and you know God is say okay come on wait time will come that you'll have to look for me science is trying to rule him out of the picture you have a problem before you even kneel and ask God to touch you have already made a call to your specialist Uhhuh. And God comes last when man has failed. Who must have the preeminence? Mhm. Science is trying to rule him out of the picture and the people are too stubborn to stand up on the principles of God's word. Exactly right. Stubborn. Maybe that's not a good word, but I'm reading your prophet. Oh, they say it's just a bunch of horas. Let it be whatever it may be. I've traveled around the world over several times. I've never seen a horola yet. And I've looked, but there is 969 different denominations, organizations, churches recorded in Washington. And there's not a one of them called Horas. That is a data name that the devil put on the church. Right. There's no such a thing as a holy roller. No such an organization called holy rollers. They call anybody that believes in holiness holy rollers. And yet without holiness no man shall see God. So you see where the essence of it comes from. Yes. Amen. They they they they they attach a name that is you know abusive to reality so that they it works on you psychologically to distance yourself from it. You grow hearing bad words about it. So he says all right the king he was just stubborn and he didn't want to listen to the prophet. They had a prophet. Now he comes down. He says just like a man dying on a do on a doctor's doorstep because he won't take his medicine. The doctor's got the toxin for the disease that he's got and the man will set will sit on the doorstep and doctor has got plent of toxin but he won't take it. He just too stubborn to go in and take it. He will die and he ought not to if he feels that way about it if it is not because of the doctor. So don't lay it onto the doctor. If the doctor's got the toxin and is willing to give it, and the patient is sitting there on the doorstep, just too stubborn to come in and take it, don't lay it onto the doctor. It is not the doctor's fault. Neither it is of the toxin, it is the patient's fault that won't take it. So when you sit there and there is a solution. I read here a quote yesterday where the prophet said you have no reason why you leave this building and go home when you are sick. It's not even about a preacher I'll pray for you. It is about the faith that moves the gift. Many of you heard about the the old man who was here yesterday. The thing is the father of sister Hannah Stansson he was this old man yesterday was seated here and many people have said this woman was born blind. How could he see after 40 years? I said it's her faith. I just prayed for her. She had problems with the voice in 2014 and God healed her and God healed her friend who was also deaf and she hearing after 20 something years deaf and many other cases of leukemia were healed. So she took a queue and say if that man can pray for this he can also pray. And she came. She traveled by herself all the way from Norway to Uganda to my deep village there and we kept her there for a week and I prayed for her in church after regular service like this and God opened her eyes. It was not me, not because I'm special, but she had special faith in the word in in in what God can do. Brother Brham says very clear that that woman who touched the hem of Jesus was healed because she had a right attitude. That is all her faith. She wrote her own check and dropped it into God's you know banker into God's you know you know you know riches and and God gave it to her and it surprised even Jesus said who touched me but so many others were just rubbing on him and scrubbing on him and say let's see this this holy law here let's see this man who claims to be the holy man of God they didn't get anything they didn't get anything. So he comes here he says the same thing that is in the church the same thing is it is in the church we've got plent of balin gad we got physicians here but people die in the pews in sin without the holy ghost because they are too stubborn to come and take it they are there but they sit there and die in the pews One time I was somewhere and you know God's grace sometimes goes a little a step more for some people. I was praying for some people and there was a woman who was almost dying and then the Holy Spirit kept telling me this woman needs deliverance but she had a stubborn spirit and you know in her she was feeling like she's very white you know the white supremacist spirit and this is a black man with black hands cannot lay his hands on me and I called out I said sister whom do you think will will miss anything. It's you who is going to die. Not maybe it's my black hearts and the Holy Ghost is not black or white. It's not even yellow. So you are looking at the skin, the badger skin. You are just suffering. You are, you know, you are defrauding yourself. You are cheating yourself. You are deceiving yourself. come out of that shell. This white skin is nothing. It's just food for maggots like mine. If you die, maggots will eat you like they eat me. Uh she's there. God is delivering other people. For her, she's like, "How can that black man touch me?" Sure. Stubborn spirit, intransigent, rigged. Mhm. They die in abuse, in sin without the Holy Ghost because they are too stubborn to come and take it and they afraid it will hurt their social prestige. It will break them down. Might cost them a little of their card baptism things. They afraid it might cut up a little cut. Actually, no. Don't blame the doctor. Don't blame the remedy. Just blame the patient for not taking the remedy. That's where it is. We've got toxin. We got plenty. The world is full of the Holy Ghost. It's just everywhere. So, you have no reason why you didn't receive the Holy Spirit. And if God permitted that demon to torment you so that you get a testimony to glorify God. So how many people do you think have rejoiced over the testimony of Sister Hannah? So many. How many people have we prayed for back home there and God has delivered them and they live to glorify? So many. But what brought it? The attitude, the faith, the aggressiveness. You know, very many people fear Africa. How do I go to Africa? But here she is. She has never traveled to Africa and she's by herself. And she came from Oslo to Amsterdam, Amsterdam to Nairobi, Nairobi tobe three planes by herself, blind. Why wouldn't God honor such a faith, going to the unknown, going to the territory of fear, Blessed be the name of the Lord. Mhm. So here he comes again. It's a dangerous thing. A fellow would die could die and he would die sitting there when there is plent of medicine. Now he contined to say. So it is today men and women will sit in the church, sit in the church, in the church pew and hear the unadulterated gospel and the power of the Holy Ghost and see the manifestations and the demonstrations of the spirit of a living resurrected Christ and still die in sin sitting in the church pew. Not because there's no balm, not because there is no physician, but it is because the people are too stubborn to take the medicine trying to find the least way of resistance. Going the way of the world, perishing in again saying of Kora, the least way of resistance. I want a Christianity that people don't resist me too much. I want to preach a gospel that everybody will say I a pro people gospel pro church. Well, I've not come here to make you comfortable friends. I've come here to make you so uncomfortable that Jesus becomes comfortable. Glory be to God. Glory be to God. So let me come to my message now. How do you end? How did Moses end? Look at the pain that was in Moses's heart. Because you go to numbers chapter 23:10, he was saying, "Let me die the death of a righteous man and let my end be like his." And brother Brandham was I read you that quote yesterday where he say even if I don't want to be a balam, but I want to quote what he said. I want my end to be like this. Let me go somewhere in the book of Acts chapter 7. Acts chapter 7. I want you to look at how this man, the first matter in the Christian era, the first believer to be killed for the gospel sake, how he ends, how he stays. from Acts 7 verse 55. This is Steven now preaching to the Sanhedrin. The whole of that chapter he was speaking to the Sanhedrin. Now 55 says, "But he being full of the Holy Ghost filled to the full every fiber of his life filled with the Holy Spirit." Don't just tell me, "Brother Abraham, you got baptized with the Holy Spirit some 20 years, 15 years ago. The disciples were filled on the day of Pentecost and in chapter five, they prayed for more. They a refilling. There is no sin in asking for the refilling filled until you are full and then you are sealed finished product. He being full of the Holy Spirit, Holy Ghost looked up steadfastly into heaven. Stephen is looking to where he's going to heaven. Just like Enoch walked with God. And the prophet says one day he walked all the way to heaven. He saw the glory of God. And Jesus standing on the right hand of God. And he said, "Behold, I see the heaven is opened and the son of man standing on the right hand of God. I see." Wouldn't that be a glorious ending? When you see your Lord While you are still here, you see Jesus. You see heaven. He was lost out. He was gone. He was in the glory. He was here, but he was there. That's how Steven ends. He sees the land where he's going. He sees the God he has been serving. He sees the Jesus who died for him. He sees the master he has been serving. He sees Jesus standing there ready to receive him. The end of a righteous man. Yes. And he's dying. He's going to be stoned. But before he's stoned, he has already seen where he's going. Right. And he doesn't just see like Moses, but he's going there. Glory be to God. And he said he spoke it. He's not ashamed. Behold, I see the heaven is opened and the son of man is standing on the right hand of God. They don't want to hear that. But he's so taken so sucked up into heavenly places. He's so lost into love with God. He doesn't care about his surrounding. The gospel means everything for him. He's ready to die in order to live. That is the end of a rightous man. He doesn't care what he's losing, how many people are against him, how many are not wanting to hear what he's speaking. He's speaking what he knows and what he sees. He's making his final statement of what he's saying. And that's where he's going. Then they cried out with a loud voice and step stopped their ears. We rather preach until those people stop their ears. Talk about Jesus until your friends stop their ears. Not you stopping talking. Let's talk about Jesus. Not whisper about Jesus or dream about Jesus. talk about him wherever. That's the ending of a righteous man. Until your friends, your associates, your pals, those who have been meeting you will begin to stop their ears and say, "I don't want to listen to Yes. But before you stopped your ears, you've heard Yeah. Very good. Hallelujah. Glory. They stopped their ears and ran upon him with one accord and they cast him out of the city and stoned him. And the witnesses laid down their clothes at the younger man's feet whose name was Saul. Uhhuh. The same one will be converted tomorrow and also be slaughtered, beheaded for the very cause. So he's learning something from Stephen. What is this that makes a man willingly to die? The end of a righteous man. How is he ending? Dying. And and you know the words that Stephen is saying and they stoned Stephen. What is he doing? He's calling on the name of the Lord. calling upon God and saying, "Lord Jesus, receive my spirit." And he knelt down and he cried with a loud voice. He said, "Lord, lay not this sin to their church." And when he has said this, he fell asleep. He didn't die. That's not how we are going to end physically speaking for us. We are going in rapture. Yes, you don't have to be stoned. But if God has ordained that I get stoned, no problem. Just imagine the love the prophet had. Let me just bring it here where he said even if God was to tell me that you are going I'm sending you back to earth to preach I don't know how many many years he mentioned and then after that I'll take you to hell. He says, "I love him so much that I'll preach him from door to door, street to street, even if I'm going to hell because I would do whatever pleases him." Talk about intimate love between you and Christ. Amen. Let me let me bring you something here that happens when a righteous man is ending and that we as preachers like my friend Aaron and our wives, our children, our brothers, our sisters, the believers in the church should know these things. We must be ready for them. When you come here to 2 Timothy chapter 4, let me begin where we began yesterday. Verse 7. He says, "I have fought a good fight, not a bad fight. If you fight a good fight, that means the good one is involved." And who is the good one? God. No man is good. Not this American fake greeting. How are you? I'm good. You are not good. Hey, God bless you. God bless. How are you? I'm good. You are a liar. You are not good. Jesus said, "No man is good. [Laughter] Only God is God. So he fight a good fight that means the good one is involved. Acts 10:38 how God anointed Jesus of Nazareth and he went about doing good healing all that were sick and casting out devils. So there is only one who can do the good. Fight the good battle, the good one that is God in you, not you. So fighting a good fight means the good one is in you. Cuz for you, you seize that the good one is living in you to fight it. So Paul says, I've fought a good fight. H I've finished my course. I've not strayed into any other person's course trail. I've remained within the confines of what God assigned me. If I'm a woman, I have remained a woman. I've not tried to become a man because I'm take advantages of the American rights. Those are American rights, not biblical rights. Uh-oh. have kept myself a woman, a wife, a mother. Like on Mother's Day, oh, we celebrate our mothers. Okay. Are you a mother? H what does it take to be a mother? Not just producing a baby and throwing it there alive. That is your pastor. He'll take over from there. I fought a good fight. I've finished my course. I've kept the faith. He doesn't say I have the faith. But I've been the storehouse that has kept the faith. Who is the faith? It's the faith of Jesus Christ. And the faith is a person. When the son of man cometh, shall he find faith? Not the church having faith but faith will be a person a person in the body and the body is the body bride I mean the bride body that is housing Mr. faith Jesus Christ himself. So I have kept that man. Now let's go down here. And then it says, "Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness." crown of righteousness because I am living the life and having the end or dying the death of a righteous man and having the end of a righteous man. So he says henceforth is laid up for me a crown of re righteousness which the Lord a righteous judge shall give me another day and not me only but unto them also which love his appearing. Now listen to this. You should not be afraid of the appearing of the Lord Jesus. You should not be scared of the rapture. You should love it. You should pray for it. You should not even be scared when America's crumbling, rushes this and that and that, the economy, this money. These things must be they must come to pass. These are prophecies. You don't have to really sit there and be an worried. How am I going to survive? How am I going to be? How am I? You don't take care of yourself. God already knows how he's going to take care of that. And who knows when the rapture is going to be. We have to go away before some of the things. So don't be worried. You should love that the raptures is coming is impending. Be happy. Don't bring your sorrow to church and they are preaching the word. You are there. Oh man. If Jesus can't make you happy, what will make you happy? If you cannot rejoice at the word, what will make you happy? Where else will you be free? I thank God I'm not your pastor. I'm just going now listen. He says, now listen to this. Do thy diligence to come shortly unto me. Why? Paul was now alone for second. Where are his acquaintances? He begins to to tell you for Deus has forsaken me. Brother Brand explain is about Deas. He was an intellectual world affiliated connected believer who was always watching the stocks, the investments and he was looking for the dynamics and this and trying to gauge the ministry by his intellectual yard sticks. And he reached the time and he saw like Paul is getting washed up. It's not what he used to be. Like yesterday a fool says in his heart, there is no God in this church. You don't feel the anointing. Who was supposed to bring God for you? Who is supposed to bring down God for you so that you feel the presence of the Lord? That is a deceiving experience. The true experience is God comes down for you and lives in you. And wherever you are, you feel his presence. Whether others feel it or not, you are in his presence. Now Deas has forsaken me. He says, having loved this present world, now listen, where did he go? and is departed unto the Salonica. Something mysterious about the Salonica. Hold there a finger beat. Let me take you back to the introduction of the book of Thessalonians. The church in Thessalonica. Hold your finger there. Let's go to first Thessalonians chapter one. Why did Deas forsake the ministry of Paul and go to de to Thessalonica verse one first Thessalonians chapter 1 verse one Paul and Timos and the church and to the church look at that let look carefully and the church of the Thessalonians This is the only church in the Bible which Paul addresses as the church of the Thessalonians. Not the church at Thesalonica or the church in Thessalonica but the church of the Thessalonians. It belonged to the people. Compare with other message, other epistles, he never mentioned the church as being of but it was the church at Philippi, the church at Colos, the church at Ephesus. But this one is the church of the democratic church. The church of the people by the people for the people where people's ideas are incorporated. You get some sense why why why deas to go there. It was a democratic place where people lived the way they wanted, did things the way they wanted, and still believed the message. Message believers that have a liberal way of living. Second proof you want, you go to the second Thessalonians again, you'll see how Paul, you see, out of two or three witnesses confirming what come to second Thessalonians chapter one, you'll find he writes the same thing in verse one. Paul and Stevens and the church of the Thessalonians. It was not a church at but it was a church of the people. Same demon in Laicia if you go to revelation chapter 3 is the only church that is also addressed like the church of the loudians. So that's why when this man reached to the point that it became evidently clear that you have to die to possess. He backed away. He went to a church where you live and Jesus is buried. Not a church where you are buried and Jesus lives. So we know why Dimas left and where he went and we can really understand why he went to Thessalonica. And then here Luke Deas has forsaken me. We are back 2 Timothy chapter 4. having loved his present world and is departed unto the Salonica crescent to Galatia. You remember what we read about Galatians yesterday? Oh foolish Galatians who has bewitched you. Foolish a church believers of the message but foolish dying the death of fools. Having begun in the spirit, they are getting perfected in the flesh. That's where crescents go to a church that is backsliding but doesn't accept that is backsliding goes to Galatia. This one goes to the Solonica and Paul is left alone. And the prophet says, you know, men try to seek honor one from another and they honor one another and dishonor God by doing so. So, brother, if you are here looking for honor, seeking honor, respect from men. In so doing, you are dishonoring God. Every one of us wants to be regarded with dignity. He's a big man. He's a good man. He's a this. He's a that. He's a that. But when you become that, then you dishonor God. They honor you but you dishonor God. This is what the prophet is saying in the message present stage of my ministry. He says, see, we try and make big people among us. And when we are no big people and little people, we are all little people. There's only one big one among us, that's our Lord. See, and we make our organization so much bigger than God. You see the churches that become bigger than God and ministries that bigger become bigger than Jesus and you have to look to them instead of looking to Jesus bigger than God. And then here he he begins to bring how they are addressed the great holy church of this that or the other the great holy bishops and so forth. There's no such a thing as that. That is the honor of man. There's only one holy and and that's God. And the Holy Ghost which is God is among us. It's not us that is holy. It's the Holy Spirit that is in us. It's when we see things done, it isn't us doing. It's the Holy Spirit. Jesus said, "It's not me that doeth the works. It's my father that dwelleth in me and is the one that doeth the works." It isn't him that is doing it. I mean, it isn't that. It is him doing it. He says, but we find them true servants down through the time. God has got true servants. And he says, here's the thing I want to kind of exercise on for a few moments. Now, it is usually at such a time as this when men have stayed true to the word of God and all men have forsaken him until God steps in in defense of that person and crowns his ministry. But we don't want to be forsaken. But until you are ready to be forsaken, until you are ready to be hated, until you are ready to be surrounded by enemies, you are not going to get the food because the food for you is where your enemies are. And then he says God steps in down in the face of that person and crowns his ministry. That's right. What a consolation. Our consolation is built in the promise of God's work. No matter what the world says, what the world does, that is not our hopes. It's not built in what the world is doing. Whether America was prospering, Africa is becoming rich or blessed and this and that, that's not our consolation. It's not even that when your businesses are doing well, which is good. We pray for that per should not be the base of your consolation. The bas is no, the crowning of your life. And then Brham comes and speaks about himself. He says, "But all men have forsaken me because I have took a true word and stood by the word. I've stayed right here to what he said to me. Preach the word, not a denomination of philosophy. Preach the word. That was my commission. Stay with the word. And brethren, who is listening in to this on the tape? I was a great guy when I came among you just healing the sick, speaking of visions and showing things. But when I went to tell you the truth about the word, what did you turn your back on me for? Do you realize this just fulfilling what the scripture said? Yes, it does that way. Now I can hardly get into a place. Let us come from all the time. Comes all the time. One brother the other day said, "Brother Braham, I had the greatest confidence in you, but I heard you say that a certain denomination which I bring to belong to was backsliding. I I said I have no more confidence in in you at all from now onwards." And he said, "We were there was about 25 of of the brethren of my denomination sitting in one of your meetings and we just got up right up and went off when you said that." Then the prophet says, "Well, all men have forsaken me, but there is one thing. He stood by me. I'm not I wasn't disobedient to the heavenly vision that happened to me down there on the river. I've stayed true to it. He's been true to me. I'm trusting in him someday. I don't know when, for a crowning of my ministry." What is the crowning of the ministry of brother Brham? How does God crown the prophet? By vindicating the word that he preached. By perfecting the bride that he was sent to prepare. and he will present us to Christ as trophies of his ministry. So you are the crowning. No wonder the devil is fighting. He doesn't want the crowning part. But I want to stand there that day besides the prophet when he's presenting us to Jesus Christ and say I stood with that message. I preached that message. I believed it. I held on it. Okay. And the prophet brings something and he says how he wants to end. Listen to this. He says an old friend of mine which has just gone home to be with the Lord. Many of you might have known him Dr. FF Bworth. Many of you, he was here in Phoenix. Mhm. And we are here in Phoenix, isn't it? He says, "I believe with me one time, a very gallant soul." He was a saint and all man, but he had a sense of humor. And he said to me once, I kept talking about fellowship. And he said, "Brother Abraham, you know what fellowship is?" I said, "Well, I think so, brother." Both of us. He said, "It is two fellows in one ship." And so that's about right. Sharing room with each other. And I seen many of you put up your hands of knowing brother Bosworth being that that you knew him. I would just like to speak a word of his last moments here on earth. I had known him for some time and he was out here preaching the gospel and praying for the sick before he was born. So you can see what age he was. Lord let him live. I think he lived about 85 years something like that and still a gallant old man when he died and when he was 75 I believe it was it says I believe at age hotel in M Miami and he we had our supper and he walked out in the seashore where the waves were coming to watch up watch the moon come up and here I was about 40 years old and my shoulders drooped down walking out like that and him about 75 just as straight as he could be and I looked at him and I admired him and I said, "Brother Boouth, I want to ask you a question." He said, "Go right ahead, brother." And I said, "When were you your best?" He said, "Right now." Yes. Well, then I felt ashamed of myself and I said, "You forget that I'm just a kid living in an old house." That's what both said. I'm just a kid living in an old house. Said that was brother Bosworth. And when I heard he was going to meet the Lord, he was about to die. What we call death. I just almost burnt the tires from my my car going down to Miami to see him. And when wife and I got there and the both family and our family had been great friends and we went in the old part laying there on a little couch and he had raised up his little bald head, little thin arms held out to me like that and tears running down my cheeks. I grabbed him in my arms and I cried, "My father, my father, the chariots of Israel and the horsemen thereof." Because listen, if there was ever if there ever was an old man that ever put dignity in the Pentecostal move, it was brother Bothworth. He certainly was. He was a great flower. And you know, the first thing you want to do is to tell me a little joke like that, you know. And I said, "Brother Bothworth, are you going to get well?" He said, "No, brother, I'm not sick. Look at the ending of a righteous man. Oh brother, I'm dying. It is painful. It is this f. No. So much with the in love with the Lord. So much full of revelation where he's going until the pain is not felt. The sickness is not even there. Amen. Listen what he says. He says, "I'm not sick, brother. No, I'm not sick." To begin with, he said, "I'm just going home." I said, "Well, that's very fine." We had just come off the mission fields of Africa, he and I, and he said, "I'm just too old to leave any longer." He said, "I'm going home." I said, "Brother Bothworth, what would you advise me to do?" And he said, "Stay with the gospel." And he said, "Go get back to the mission fields as quick as you can." He said, "That would be my advice." And I said, "Brother Bothworth, one more thing I would like to ask you." And he said, "What is that, brother?" And I said, "Now you've put in about 60 years for the Lord in his service or maybe more." And I said, "When was your happiest time in life?" He said, "Right now." Not when the lamb walked, the blind saw, and when this and that, and saw thousands of people getting saved, and this and that. Right now, I'm ending the journey as a righteous man. And I said, "Brother Bowworth, you know, you are dying." And he said, "I can't die. I died many years ago." He died the death of a righteous man. Now he's just going home. He can't die because it's not him living. It's Christ leaving. He already died the death of a righteous man. And he died with no problem with the prophet. But all his other acquaintances rejected the prophet. And brother Abraham is calling him my father. And in another place he says I want to go home the way both worth went. That is what my end I want my end to be like that. He said I can't die. I died many years ago. He said, "Brother Brham, all that I have loved and cared for for the last past six 60 years, I'm watching for him to open that door at any time and come and get me." waiting for him to open the door. Get me? Look at that. That was when Pentecost was fading and the message dispensation coming in. And brother Bam calls that one his father. And he loved the way he ended. And he ended the way he ended in peace and love and freedom and and and and joy, not scared of where he was going because he died many years before. He had died the death of a righteous man. Now he's just going home. Amen. Those who die the death of a righteous man when they die and Christ lives in them. They are not scared of what is coming. They are just going home. They are ready to go home. Friends, this is if there was a time that you have to be ready to go home. This is the time. You can see how the world is waiting for the what they know. Nations are on their tent hooks financially, politically security wise. We are at the end. You can't save the world. America cannot be redeemed anymore. Not even Europe, not even Africa, not even Russia, nowhere. It's just the end. But who is holding it? You. Because you have to get out of here. And if you are an elect, then God is wanting you to die the death of a righteous man. Die out completely. Be ready to go. He cannot take you until you are ready to go. And that's why the Bible says the Lo is not slack concerning the promise of taking us home. But he's not willing being that God of love that any of us should perish. But that we should all come to the fullness of perfection. Let me read you something final here. when you come here I think it's in the message adoption he says the other day what happened to me that morning I don't know I can't say yet whether I was whether I was here at my body or I had just seen a vision or whether I was taken away from here over there I don't Excuse me. I don't know. I can't say. So he says the only thing that I know that I was always afraid of dying. Uhhuh. You are only afraid of dying when something has not happened. And the prophet is say I was that means by that time he was no longer afraid. I was always afraid of dying that little place of of sting but not afraid Jesus would would come to get me now. I was afraid of that cuz I didn't fear that. That is mean I didn't fear to meet Jesus. But if I would meet you, it just be a little old mist flying out through the air. But I see now when I seen those people, they were real. And they were people who were once associated with me here on earth. Even to my first wife, she wasn't my wife. She was my sister. She never called me her husband. She called me her darling brother. There was no sex, no feelings of that type. It couldn't be. It was perfect. It was sweetness. It was perfection. And I'm wondering, I don't know. I'm wondering, is that what she seen before she left the earth? when she was yonder in the hospital when I called her and she said Billy listen to this you have preached it you've talked about it but she said you don't know what it is she said I have no more desire to stay here at 20 years something this young woman hope is willing to go. Says I have no more desire to stay because she had seen where she was going. And brother Brham was given the same privilege to see past the curtain of time that she never feared. Now listen, brother Brham has been taken to two curtains. He has seen the curtain of hell beyond the curtain of hell and he told us what is there and then he also sees past the curtain of time and tells us. So now what is your ending? How are you ending here? Are you ending like you are scared of rapture? You are scared of going home. You are scared of the world ending. You are squaring of America getting collapsing. Scared of this world collapsing. How are you ending? Are you ending the ending of a righteous man? The just shall live by faith. Do you fear death? If we can't fear death, how can we fear whatever causes death? Cuz death is already conquered. So if I can't fear death, imagine people like I mean Paul and all these other people who died all those years, I don't know whether they bones still exist or whether they are just a bunch of soil. But it will be just at the when the trumpet of God shall sound in a twinkling of an eye and their bodies will be created back and the dead in Christ shall rise up fast. Think about that power in a moment. They are there. What about you who has a body? If you say I am sick, thank God that you are sick. The sickness means you are alive. You can even still pray. You can still come to church. The preacher is still there. You can still read the Bible. You can still praise and worship the Lord. What about those who are already sleeping? They have been waiting thousands of years. But they went with anticipation. They sleeped in hope. They they are waiting. They are not complaining. They are waiting for us. Imagine what the prophet was told that mom is waiting for you and the he wants to see you. His only daughter is telling mama wants to see you. They are waiting for us. Where are all his friends who who sleep? Where do they go? Very sweet sisters, very sweet brothers. They are waiting for us. So don't leave as if you are, you know, permanently here. Don't leave as if you are fixed to remain here. Your plans should just be for a a pilgrim, a stranger, a person who is passing by. And let's know that if Paul preached about rapture, all the seven, seven church ages preachers preached about rapture. What about today? How close are we to it? And the Bible says the son of man cometh in the time that he will not be looking for him. So there is this fear, there is this complacency, there is this lukewarmy coming into the church and making you settle for less doing nothing. Yet this is the time it's urgent. The message is urgent. You have to be sealed. Have the seal of God because lacking the seal of God is having the mark of the beast. The prophet said, The prophet he was saying the whole the world is full of the Holy Ghost. The skies are full of the Holy Ghost. Why are you not receiving him? Who is going to do that religion for you? Who is going to pray for you? Do you know that even the age of just say lay hands on me, lay hands on me, pray for me, cast this, shake me, you know, you want to be shaken and then you feel the physical shaking. And then the brother says was praying. I I think I felt some fire moving me and and I then I I I mean you are not a kid. You are now mature. You are a gentile bride. You are not a Jewish person who must you know like Jra said come and lay your hands upon my child. That was a sign of the Jews. But the Roman soldier gentile said speak the word. Look at that. Had he attended any sermon of the pro of Jesus? No. But that's by default the gentile faith. Speak the word. My servant will be healed. Yes. What about us who have had the word spoken until we have become the word? What is the problem? Just exert your position. Take your position. Stand as a child of God. Stand as a believer and face the future without fear. Deal with whatever is in your life without fear. Your enemy is your food. The more you conquer, the more you become stronger. The more you defeat, the more you qualify for a seat. He that overcomemeth shall I grant him to sit with me like I overcame and I'm now sat with my father. Don't be scared of rejection. Don't be scared of being hated. Don't be scared of being fought as long as he remains with you. Be only cautious of one thing. Is he here? Don't be cautious of friends. As I told you yesterday, I don't look for friends anywhere because my friends are already already part of me. I don't have to make anything to make them to do anything to make them my friends. They are already my friends by default because we were attributes together in his minds in our father. I mean in his mind before the foundation of the world. So if we were there before the world, nothing in this world can separate us. Blessed be the name of the Lord. So now you see as I come to conclusion as we come to pray now you will look at this and understand why the go grace provided forever was to possess what you see. Not as Moses who saw but didn't possess. But in the New Testament, the first believer, what he saw is what he possessed. He went right away. So what you see in the word, what do you see in the promises? Do you see yourself sick? You'll possess sickness. Do you see yourself healed? You'll possess healing. You see yourself victorious, you'll possess victory. Do you see yourself a failure? You'll possess failure. Do you see yourself in the negative, you'll always be negative. You see yourself in the positive, you'll always be positive. You see yourself in heaven, John the B. I mean John the who wrote Revelation, he was come told to come up here and he saw himself seated. When he saw 24 elders, he was one of the 24 elders. And he saw 24 elders and he looked at the book which no man was supposed to look. And one of the 24 elders says, "Don't weep, John." Who was that one? One one elder. The Theophan of himself, speaking to him, don't cry, don't weep. You come to the point where you encourage yourself. The Theophan connects to you and speaks to you and comforts you and encourages you. You come to the point that you correct yourself that you you you tell yourself this is wrong. You don't even need a pastor to correct you, a deacon to correct you, the other one to tell you, but there is a system within you that tells you this is not me, this is not me, this is not me. That's perfection. When you cannot even sleep or eat until you have put it right, that's perfection. Perfection doesn't mean not making any mistake. Perfection means no room for abiding with the mistake. Mistakes will be there. Yes. But you cannot stay with them. You can't have peace when it's there. Something is in you resisting it. You have a system in you that the Bible says no man shall tell you to know you are God. But from the beginning, from the little ones to the greatest, all of them shall know me. Amen. That's perfection. That's where we are going. And what you see when you begin to see Christ in you, you see blessings, you see victory, you see eternal life, you see, you know, heaven. You see, that's what you possess. No one is going to tell you because when Jesus stands in the skies, who is going to wake you up? Brother, the rapture is happening now. The Bible says every eye shall see him. The enlightened ones, those who are enlightened, blessed be the name of the Lord. So we shouldn't sit idle. We should go to that place where others are scared to go. Preach the things that others don't want to preach. Believe the things that others don't want to believe. That's what makes you the bride. Are you ready to take on the challenge to believe what others shy away from? to receive the fullness of him that loved you, that died for you to die out. Come on, you young girls. This world is very wicked and terrible now. And the devil is pumping you with a lot of intellectualism, resistance. And it is tailored. The whole system in the world is now tailored to rebellion that you come to a point 14 years, 15 years above. You begin to walk like you have springs in your knees and everywhere you are prancouncing around and you feel like what will mama have to tell me? What will daddy have to tell me? This old man here is he's living in the yesterday years. You need more of him 10 times than your father. The prophet said each age has more trials 10 times. But you look at it, the more we have more trials, the more weaker we have become. You young people, how many times do you kneel by yourself in your bedroom and pray to God? Even waking up to pray in the morning or in the night, they have just come, come, they have to remind you. How are you going to overcome? You want to sit there idle and you think your business is eating pie and this and that chocolate. That is not why we are here. Everybody in the world is eating those things but they are eating to grow. Growing to get old getting old to die. So in essence you are just struggling to die. the death of a fool. There's no God. Don't tell me things about the God. Don't tell me things about the Bible. Don't tell me things about the message. Don't tell me this this laws. Law legalism. I don't want legalism. But Jesus said, "If you love me, keep my commandments." What were the commandments? The word. If you love him, keep his word. May God bless you. Let's stand up. You let me as I say let's stand up. Let me hope you are not going to be stubborn to not stand up. Cuz you see sometimes when the song leader say let's clap. Some people don't want to clap. Let's stand. Others sit down. And the Holy Ghost is say lift up your hand. If you have a problem for you, you don't lift. And yet you have a problem. So how do you think God is going to help you? Or you lift like this. You're not even sure what you do. You are stubborn in the house of the Lord. Let's be flexible. In the beginning was the word. Yes. But there was flexibility. When God said, "Let there be." There was no ayat of unbelief to resist it. There was no disobedience. So as we humble ourselves, closing our eyes, [Music] just think about it. This could be your last day, maybe my last day to preach or your last day to be in church to hear. What if we are going home? If there's a rapture going to take place this evening this afternoon, are you sure you're going? Are you ready? Is your ending victorious over the enemy or the enemy has defeated you, has bogged you down. How do you feel in your heart? Is he in there? Are you dead to the world or you are struggling with those lusts and desires for the worldly things? What is your reaction to the word? Are you rebellious, intransiggent, rigged, hard-hearted, or you feel that indeed you are a heart of flesh that the sword of the word pierces through? Are you ready to be broken and molded into his image? If you are not, friend, this is your time. He is here to help you. Just believe in your heart. Confess in your heart. Say, "Lord Jesus, help me. Complete the work that you began in me. I never called myself. You called me." You have the reason why you called me. Maybe I was born in a family where my parents are believers. How many children are born in homes of pagans, atheists who don't even want to hear about God? And why would I spit in your face by being re rebellious, rejecting what you've laid on my laps? What will I say? Maybe you are here sick. What are you doing about it? He's here, brother. He's here, sister. And this prayer that I'm praying. Oh, I'm going to pray. I remember when I prayed in Norway one time and that deaf woman had we never laid hands on anybody. I mean, God can do anything. He's here. He's omnipresent, omnisient, omotent. He asks no one permission to help you, to change you, but he's just looking at how tender your heart is, how humble you, how broken you are, you are. That's one weakness of God. God can't stand a broken heart. He can't stand someone who is repenting. He will always help that person. Just open up your heart and believe God for whatever you want him to do this morning and lift up your hand in faith as we pray. Loving heavenly father, we indeed have no excuse because we are living in the days that Lord the handwriting is on the wall for time. Every radio, every newspaper is speaking about the signs of the end. And there's nothing that we are asking whether or not has been fulfilled. The world is ripe for judgment. The nations are ripe for judgment. The denominations are dead long ago, rotten. And here we are, Lord. Have mercy upon us. a struggling church, a struggling believers. Lord, a board of people who are supposed to know better that we are still pulling and cursing, arguing, doubting, failing to go to possess that which belongs to us. Help us Lord not to be like the two tribes and a half that wanted their portion this society because it was comfortable for them. They didn't go they didn't want to go God's way. They thought they can create their own way in God's program. Help us Lord to know that in Cananan where the giants are where the demons that we are scared of the diseases the afflictions the the the the tormenting forces that's our land which flowth with milk and honey that's what our victory lies and we must take it whether it's little by little or lumpsum we have to take it yes help us Lord not to just surrender to fate and settle for less but Lord God and take all that belongs to us otherwise we'll be spitting in your face on Calvary why did you die why did you suffer you suffer and say it's finished and by your stripes we are healed so if we are healed then let there be a manifestation of at healing and Lucifer, Satan, you are defeated in the name of Jesus. I rebuke any demon here. Any disease, any affliction, any kind of spirit that had long possessed and bogged down and chained and shackled the children of God, I rebuke it out. You can't call God's children anymore. and demons of fear that had gripped the people that had failed people that I held them in their tracks that they have failed to go possess what belongs to them. May they be defeated this day. Lord come down and bless your people. Help us, strengthen us, fill us, transform us, bring us, Lord, go to that stature of the fullness of Christ. Christ in us the hope of glory. Bless the ministry here. Bless Pastor Eron, your servant, his wife, his family, the deacons, the trustees, the believers, all those who are part of the ministry here. Bless all the churches here in Phoenix and around the world. We need you, Lord, at this hour. Help us, Lord, to understand the move of God at this hour. what you want to be done because the bride has the mind of God and she knows what he wants done with his word. Help us Lord. I commit each and everyone into your hands as your servant in Jesus name I pray. Amen. [Music]
