################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-04-09 - Between Hell and Heaven The Mystery of Christ’s Descending and Ascending - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-04-09
Title:   Between Hell and Heaven: The Mystery of Christ’s Descending and Ascending
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PeePr39HgP0
========================================

Description:
Between Hell and Heaven:
The Mystery of Christ’s Descending and Ascending
Easter Service: April 9, 2023
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
moment. But in the sermon, faith and some of these elements are real important for us to grab at the beginning. He says, "So you got your own resurrection inside of you. Your resurrection lays inside of you in your spirit." Now, that should be attention grabbing right off the bat as we're honoring the resurrection on this Easter Sunday. Your resurrection is inside of you. He says it's in your spirit. So if we were going to have a resurrection, we have to possess it. And then he says, 'Now, you know, when Jesus died on the cross, his soul descended into hell and preached to the souls that were in prison. So that's going to be part of our subject matter today. And so I'm not going to not trying to hide anything here. And then it said that he that repented not in the longsuffering in the days of Noah. His body went into the grave, but before he died, he committed his spirit into the hands of God. So, if we're going to look at these elements and kind of have them out here at the outset, it says when Jesus died on the cross, his soul descended into hell, preached to souls in prison, and then it says that his body went to a grave and he committed his spirit into the hands of God. Now, he right before he goes through these steps in this order, he's say speaking of our own personal resurrection and he says our resurrection lays inside of us. So, we want to make this personal. We want to be thinking about this more broadly than just looking at something historical. But what does if I possess the resurrection, what does the resurrection mean for me? How is it going to manifest itself? And then just catch this in the outset. The order of the death to the body and the body goes to the grave. The soul goes to hell, but the spirit goes back to God. And brother Benham says that in a number of different places. And there are so many different supernatural events that the scripture records that unfold at the time of his death and at the very moment that he dies. Brother Brham is saying these different things happen and maybe three different ways things are going and so many different events unfold and as these events are unfolding it enters into what we would call a season of resurrection and appearing. Uh we know that even in the Bible when it talks about the first resurrection that is to come that it spans events that don't just take place in a moment. Uh even the rapture is not just something that takes place in a moment, but there's different events that start it. There's a season that takes place and and it's not cul doesn't even culminate till after the millennium. So there's a lot of events that begin to happen on this resurrection day that are a season of resurrection and appearing by Jesus Christ. And I would say it culminated on the day of Pentecost when he sent back the spirit and sealed those disciples, those in the upper room into the body of Christ. Now, in Acts chapter 1, I'm going to go through this quickly as I feel that time's already getting away from me. Uh, he's appeared to the disciples a number of times. Uh, this is maybe the 13th or 14th, depending on how you uh mark it down, uh, that he appeared to the disciples after his resurrection. And he's telling them, you shall receive power. In verse eight, you shall receive power after the Holy Ghost has come upon you. And so he's telling them go to Jerusalem, tarry there. And then when the day of Pentecost is fully come, there's going to be a moment of time when this dispensation is going to be ushered in. And so he's telling them to go tarry. And then as he's speaking these things, the Bible says, uh, he was taken up and a cloud received him out of their sight. And while they looked steadfastly towards heaven, as he went up, behold, two men stood by them in white apparel, which also said, "Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven? This same Jesus which is taken up from you into heaven shall come in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven. Now this is what would commonly be referred to as or is most often referred to as the ascension of the Lord Jesus Christ in this moment in this time where he's appearing to the disciples. This is the last recorded appearing of Christ to his disciples in bodily form. And as he's speaking to them, this event transpires to where he ascends back up into heaven and a cloud veils him and receives him out of their sight. And it says that the same Jesus uh who has been taken up into heaven, he will come in like manner. So they call this this this is his ascension. Now I I'm going to I want to be s looking at the subject of the ascension, but this is what is called the ascension, but it's not the only one. if I could say that. And so his death, his resurrection, it fulfilled scripture. It uh it was something that it it secured our redemption. And it's also foreshadowing our rapture. Bill says your your personal resurrection is inside of you. And as he brings up our resurrection in view, he uses the the death, burial, and resurrection of Jesus Christ a as a an immediate marker that you have a resurrection inside of you. And as when he died, his soul went to hell, his body went to the grave, and the spirit went to God. Now, when he ascends up into heaven, now we know in a few days, there's going to be ushering in of a of a new era, a new a new dispensation. And with that dispensation, there's going to be ushering in of the Gentiles, and great mysteries are going to be unfolding, and the gospel is going to be preached everywhere. But this, just keep in mind as we're referring to this, his death, burial, and resurrection was fulfilling prophecy, securing your redemption, but foreshadowing our own rapture. And so my title today is between hell and heaven and the mystery of Christ descending and ascending. Between hell and heaven. the mystery of Christ descending and ascending. And I trust I'll be able to finish this. If not, we have another service or two that we could spend on this. And I just pray that God would give me the grace to do it. It's a wonderful subject if you could focus between hell and heaven, the mystery of Christ descending and ascending. And what we'll do is I'd want to maybe tell a story or what we could do as we look at the scripture. will follow Christ from the cross uh to resurrection day and look at the different events that are unfolding from Friday to Sunday. And as we do it, remember I want you to see a type of your own personal resurrection. And I want us to see a type for today. Not just looking at it historically, but as a type for us, a type of the bride as we're looking at his resurrection, his death, burial, and resurrection to see even a pattern of the bride itself since we are one with the groom. And I'll say this, I think you're all familiar with the way in which I preach that um stay with me. Stick with me. Lord willing, the momentum will build. And if it at one point you just feel like I'm not getting anywhere, just know that after a while all of a sudden it's the color is going to start to pop um as additional layers get put on. So just stay focused. I believe God has something really special for us today as we look at this now. I think it still feels a little chalky in the air from all the uh all the dust. And so I apologize if I if my voice just doesn't work out just right. I'm I'm working through all the drywall. Now this this quote becomes my very critical and I hope you can just kind of grasp each little element of this and hold on to it. In the sermon the resurrection of Jesus, brother Ram says, "I think that one of the greatest scriptures that's more neglected than any scripture I know of being preached on is the ascension of the Lord Jesus and what he did after his resurrection." Now, catch that because he's he's talking about the ascension of the Lord Jesus, but he's not referring to Acts chapter 1. What is commonly called the ascension or the one that everyone looks at is when Christ has entered into heaven. And he says it's one of the greatest scriptures that's neglected than any scripture he knows of. And he says it's the ascension of the Lord Jesus and what he did after his resurrection. Now, he did not set down on the tomb after his resurrection because his work wasn't completed. It wasn't finished. We got I'm going to keep referring back to this and the more you hold on to it, the better these things will be able to click. So he says one of the greatest scripture that's neglected more than any other scripture he knows of is I would say the scriptures that tell of his ascension after his resurrection. And he says he didn't just sit down at the tomb and as they came everyone saw him and kind of participated in a homecoming because his work wasn't completed. It wasn't finished. So I want to look at this uh mystery ascension. This one that seems to be neglected. And I'm going to call it a mystery ascension, but not because it's necessarily a mystery in scripture, but because of the type. Brother Ram says it's neglected. So, this is the neglected ascension of Christ that was part of his redemptive work. And although we'll be able to see in the scripture that this isn't a mystery and that people recognize this, but it speaks of something for us, there's a divinely revealed truth that can be made known to us in looking at this ascension. So this is a neglected, if I could say even mysterious ascension of Christ that he says is part of his redemptive work. Now in Mark chapter 16:9 says, "Now when Jesus was risen early the first day of the week," and there's more that uh the book of Mark goes through as he says at the beginning how that Mary uh and the mother of James and Saleom and Mary Magdalene uh were bringing spices. And so now this verse 9 kind of gives us a more personal uh introduction to Mary Magdalene. And this is the first appearance of Christ after his resurrection. Says, "Now when Jesus was risen early the first day of the week, he appeared first to Mary Magdalene out of whom he had cast seven devils." I want this to be the starting point of our journey. We said we were going to follow Christ. I want to kind of start uh here and then maybe we'll do some flashbacks to the cross. But this is where I want to start in our journey. Christ appears to Mary at the at the after he has risen early the first day of the week. We could say Sunday morning. He appears first to Mary. And now again, we're wanting you to make this resurrection personal. If you look in the book of Luke in Luke chap 23 55 and 56 and there it tells us how the women went uh to the supplr on the first day of the week and it tells us the one chapter is ending and comes into the next one. There were women that were going to be preparing spices. The day of preparation was on the Sabbath day. And so they're coming to the tomb early on Sunday morning. A and they're going to be bringing these spices. And as they come, um, the Bible says in Luke 24:10, it was Mary Magdalene and Joanna and Mary the mother of James and other women that were with him, which told these things unto the disciples. So it's telling us the women that were present and those that had gone to to the suppler. And and I bring this up because as you read the places in the different gospels, each telling tells it from a different angle. Um Luke kind of gives a quick summary and tells like these women went and these things happened and maybe he leaves a lot to be desired in the chronology and the specific events and then another one tells a story and maybe you only hear about this angel and this one there's two angels and you hear all these different narratives and it's kind of hard to get the picture of well are they confusing women and how many women were there and who was first and who was last and how many ended up coming. And so you'll find that Matthew and Mark fill in other details about that morning, but they're all kind of giving this narrative of who came, when they came, and what was happening when they came. And as I've done this and read through this and just really labored intensively to try to just understand it in my own heart, uh, according to the message, as I read it in the message and are looking at these scriptures, the scripture suggests that Mary Magdalene must have been separated from the rest of the woman at some point, women at some point. And that's where we read in John 20:es 1 and 2. The first day of the week cometh Mary Magdalene early when it was yet dark under the sepllic and seeth the stone taken away from the sepllic. Now we could suppose that based upon these other scriptures she showed up with other women. But at this point she leaves. Says then she runth and cometh to Simon Peter and to the other disciple whom Jesus loved and saith unto him they've taken away the Lord out of the suppler and we know not where they have laid them. And so if you could just if you want some scriptures on this and other things, I'd be more than happy to share it with you. Uh but I just want to refer to it instead of just reading reading through each one of these instances. Uh based upon the scripture, these other women would have remained behind at this point. They're maybe pondering what's happening and considering what must be and uh even looking in and examining the scene because they think maybe grave robbers have come and taken the body. And so the other women remain behind. And as they remain behind in Mark chapter 16, Matthew 28, they have an encounter with angels and the angels say, "Go tell the disciples." And so as they are leaving themselves to go tell the disciples and and we have to look at it this way, you know, the time and distance that they must have traveled, it's not very clear in the scripture, but I don't think they were just going around the corner. And I don't think they had the loop 777 or loop 333 uh in that day to be able to navigate and get around uh Judea. And so, who knows how long this is taking, but these are the order of events. And so, in John 20:es 3-10, Peter and John come, they enter into the tomb, they look around, and the Bible tells us in verse 10 that they go home. And as they're going home, uh, no doubt they might have just missed the other women. They leave and within some time period, Peter and John show with Mary Magdalene. And while these other women are leaving, and as they leaded to go home, the Bible says in verse 11 that Mary stood without at the suppler weeping. And as she wept, she stooped down and looked into the sepiler and seeth two angels in white sitting, the one at the head and the other at the feet where the body of Jesus had lain. And they say unto her, why weepest thou? Now, let's concentrate on this. There's some some beautiful things in here. She said to him, "Because they have taken away my Lord and I know not where they have laid him." So there's probably some panic on their part. They wanted to do service to this body. They wanted to prepare it with spices. They they wanted to show that honor uh in this burial. And now they believe that somebody nefariously has taken the body. And so it's not from this place of did you see the resurrection? Where is he? Have you heard of him? It's a different state of mind at this moment. And so when she had thus said she turned herself back and it says and saw Jesus standing. So in this moment I I want you to picture just to past based upon the language here she's looking at him and the Bible tells that she sees Jesus but it says and she didn't know who he was and knew not that it was Jesus. Jesus saith unto her. Now he's speaking her woman why weepest thou? Whom seeketh thou? So now having seen him and even him speaking says she's supposing him to be the gardener say to him sir if thou hast borne him hence if you've done something with the body tell me where thou hast laid him and I will take him away. Last week I spent a considerable amount of time thinking about this scripture and I thought perhaps this would be the subject that I would minister on is how Christ was unrecognizable at his resurrection and how even these to one whom uh seven devils were cast out of Mary Magdalene and whether you want to look at that in terms of the type of the church ages how Christ was standing in the midst of the disciples delivering women and God was moving and working and doing many mighty things in the midst of the in the presence of the disciples in the midst of the disciples. And now that he has gone away, when he comes back again and he's he's put out, but through death and he's crucified and he comes back again, he's unrecognizable. She doesn't even She's looking right at him and he hears him speak and she doesn't recognize who he is. And if I could say this, I don't often like to uh kind of conjecture or say I don't know if it is, but could it be? But he probably looked 18 years old. Right. And so as she's looking to find a Christ who brother Brandham said that was a man they said you're a man not not over 50. Uh a and you say or you're a man around 50 and you say that you were before Abraham was. I am. This means the life that Christ had lived had caused him to look worn down and aged and at that point in his life he looks he's in his 50s and who knows what he might have looked at by the time that he comes to the cross. And so she's looking for Christ that that had some sort of image of what he was when he left, what he was when he died. But now that he's resurrected, he's in a pattern of the resurrection and he's expressing something to us what the resurrection holds. And so when she looks, she sees an 18-year-old, and that's not what she's looking for. So she doesn't recognize him. And let that be a lesson to us who are looking for Christ in a day gone by and not recognizing him in his power and under the promised word that he's ordained in the time that he's revealed himself. So she doesn't recognize him. Foreshadowing and here he is perhaps in a young body, a young man a and his and his visage and everything. The way that he would strike the person is different foreshadowing even our own resurrection. Let me just see where let's pick up in verse 16. I think that's where we're at. So now it says, "Jesus saith unto her, Mary." I love this. Isn't this good stuff? He appears and he speaks and she doesn't recognize him, but when he calls her name, can you make application to you how this message when Christ is revealing himself and maybe he's not quite recognizable, but it's it's in the name calling. He calls your name, makes it personal, and says she turned herself, said unto him, "Rabbonai," which is to say, "Master." So, there's this recognition. Now, she knows you. You you you don't look like I was expecting. You you you've changed. You're in a different image. You're revealing yourself in a different way. Maybe she's overwhelmed. That now she knows. And I thought about this that Mary Magdalene would have known him in the days of his ministry when seven devils were cast out. But I wondered if that had been Mary, his mother, if she would have that what would have struck her when she sees an 18-year-old boy and says, "Oh, oh my Jesus, that it's you." She would have felt something and had that akinship and that familiarity. But it's the name that is called that gets her attention. And then verse 17, Jesus saith unto her, "Touch me not, for I'm not yet ascended to my father, but go to my brethren." Now notice how it's gone from servants to friends to brothers. Not even disciples. Now it says, "You go to my brothers. You go to my brethren and say unto them, I ascend unto my father and your father and to my God and your God." I think that would preach. I think that that that is striking. You go to my brothers, you go to my family, you go to my kin, my kinship. And he's not just talking about something different anymore because now the sacrifice has been made. So now kinship is being established. This is a kinsman redeemer. I ascend. Now this is important. I ascend into my father and your father and I ascend to my God, your God. And it says in verse 18, Mary Magdalene came and told the disciples that she had seen the Lord and that he had spoken these things unto her. So this is Mark 16 verse 9 wherein he first appears to Mary Magdalene. He had resurrected from the grave. That body that Jesus said went to the that brother Ram said went to the grave has been raised. The tomb is empty. So whatever flesh that was has gone through this process now where it's resurrected and Christ is in this body. So he's resurrected from the grave and he first appears to Mary. Now, in question and answers in 1961, uh I I kind of cut out the dialogue that was going back and forth, but brother Bram's asked a question, and he's talking about theophanes and different bodies, and he's the the angel that is before the face, I think, uh uh the father. I think that may be the question and answers it's coming from. And then another brother begins to say, "Oh, well, what about this that happened in the book of John?" And brother said, and he's saying that he to Mary Magdalene says, "Don't touch me." But then to Thomas, he did. Brother Brandham says he hadn't ascended up yet. And then there's some dialogue back and forth and I just have that kind of marked there. He says he wasn't to be touched. Now I know this in my mind I know it loomed very very large and we read a lot into it. Uh but let's just say instead of trying to speculate as to why we just know that this is what is and in this moment this is what Christ says, touch me not. He wasn't to be touched until after his resurrection. And and he says he had come out from the earth. He had come out from the earth and was walking among men. Notice, but he had not yet descended or ascended, sorry. He had not yet ascended. He told Mary, he said, "Don't touch me." She said, "Raboni," he said, "don't touch me." Now this is why for I have not yet ascended to my father but I ascend to my God and to your God to my father and your father. So now brother Brandham in this one instance is taking this scriptural passage and he's highlighting the fact that he says don't touch me because I have not yet ascended. I need to ascend. Don't touch me now because I haven't ascended yet. And the the the phrase that's used there when he says touch me not, it it has nothing to do with uh the sense of touch in order to determine whether or not he's a ghost or a phantom or to see that he's real. It's not indicating some function on her part just to have the sense of touch. But the word means he says do not touch me. It says do not detain me. Uh do not restrain me. Do not delay me. That's what that's what it says. do not touch me. In other words, don't constrain me. Don't hold me back. Don't delay me by embracing me. But he says, instead of now clinging to me and holding me now, you've got a job to do and I've got a job to do. Go tell my brethren. Go and tell my brethren. And so now I want you to think now, why would Christ say in this moment at this particular time after there's already been some activity that they come the grave is empty. She's got time to run and go back and get Simon, Peter, and John. The other women remain behind. They see angels. Angel said, "Go tell my disciples." Mary Magdalene gets to Simon and John first. They're on their way back. These other women have left. And all these events are taking place and then Christ appears to Mary. Why would he say, "Don't hold me back, but go tell the other disciples you've seen me." And in Matthew chap 28 8-10, this is now after the other women have come come back. And Lord, help me just explain this. As Mary Magdalene has come, these other women are leaving. And as they're on their way back or away to go find disciples, she has this meeting with Christ and it's very quick. And then so during some time is passing and it says and they these other women departed quickly from the supplr with fear and great joy because now the angels have announced this and did run to bring his disciples word. And as they went to tell his disciples, behold Jesus met them saying all hell. And so now as he has arrested them and stopped them in their going back to tell the disciples notice what happens and they came and held him by the feet and worshiped him. So now in this chronology in this story as it's unfolding in one instance Jesus says don't stop me I have yet to ascend to my father. Now in just some period of time after that he appears to these other women and when he stops them he says all hell they hold him by the feet and worship him. Now this is not another uh writing of how he appeared to Mary Magdalene. This is a different appearing. And they came and held him by his feet and worshiped him. Then said Jesus unto them be not afraid. Go tell my brethren that they go into Galilee and there shall they see me. Now, what I want to identify and point out is something had happened from the time that he appeared and showed himself to Mary Magdalene and the time that he appears and shows himself to these other women. Because in the one instance, Brother Brandham says he couldn't be touched until he ascended to the father. But now he appears to these women and he allows these women to hold him by the feet. Again, let me say this. Something happened between meeting Mary Magdalene and this meeting with the other women. So let me use the phrase that brother Brandham used. His work wasn't completed. It wasn't finished. So when he comes and he reveals himself to Mary Magdalene and whatever reasons you might want to fill in the void there in your heart, why would he appear to her? And what does it represent and what does it signify? I'll just say this. There's meaning to these things. But instead of venturing, instead of going into those areas now, as he meets her, it's do not touch me because I need to ascend to my father. I I have, as we could put in brother Brown's word, I have work that's not completed. Remember this this neglected part of the scripture is his ascension after his resurrection. And his work's not completed. It's not finished. He had to ascend into heaven. This is mysterious. I would say it's in the scripture, but it's mysterious. At the very least, it's neglected. Amen. This ascension, good. But if we could just pause right here, I don't know if I'm piecing this together in a as with with kind of the use of flashbacks and everything, this would make for a good film. But now, before he could ascend or say this, before he ascended, he descended. Right before this neglected ascension, we have what is often missed and it's a neglected descension. I can say the mystery descending of Christ. Not that it's not in scripture and it's not laid out, but the type which is a mystery. So now before we get to this moment between meeting with Mary Magdalene and the meeting the other women, let's flash back to the cross in his descending. In Ephesians 4:es 9 and 10, it says, "Now he descend." Now, now that he ascended, what is it? But that he also descended first, catch the language, into the lower parts of the earth. He that descended is the same also that ascended up far above all heavens that he might fill all things. Now, we could use this in different ways and type certain things and make it applicable to uh since it's the f fulfilling completion of all things. There's ways that we make this relevant to every aspect of his ministry. But with respect to his descending and descending, he that descended to the lower parts of the earth also ascended up above all natural heavens for the purpose of filling all things to complete or fulfill. So this is something that he had to do to finish his work. He descends and he also says he that descended. He said he that ascended. Well that's Christ who ascended up into heaven. But he didn't just ascend. He first descended into the lower parts of the earth in order to finish his work. So before he ascended, he descended. We got that. All right. So if I have to start all over, that's where we'll come back to. He first ascended before he descended. And when he descended, it says he went into a lower dimension. He goes into the lower parts of the earth. And so this is signifying some other realm. It's not that he dug down to the core. It doesn't even refer to the physical depth of of the natural earth, but he's going down into another dimension. And this is part of his ministry. In Psalm 16:10, it says, "I will not leave my soul in hell." All right? The Bible says it. We'll come to it here in a moment. I will not leave it in that grave or what is referred to as shel, the underworld of sinners that are waiting punishment. He descends first into the lower parts of the earth. There's this place, Hades, the grave. There's a place of waiting for those who sinned. And if you think that's striking, Jesus descended to this place where sinners are awaiting punishment. He had to in Isaiah 53:6. All right, before I continue, are you comfortable this morning? Everybody feeling good. So good to see you all here. And I've got to get used to a a little bit more of a broader sweep, maybe. And I got to project my voice a little bit deeper. I just love to be able to say those in the balcony, you know, up there and and just acknowledge those in the balcony and we can say come down. Now Jesus has descended into hell. And you say, well, why would he have to do that? Isaiah 53:6, this is the prophecy of Christ. This is a prophecy of the Messiah being a lamb, a perpetuation. All we like sheep have gone astray. We have turned everyone to his own way and the Lord hath laid on him the iniquity of us all. So as he's hanging upon the cross, our sins are transferred to the innocent lamb. Now think of all the shadows and types and through the sacrifices. And so as he then becomes sin for our sake, he is then a a sin bearer and be bearing sin. He had to go to hell. There's a lot more here that we could we could preach on in this way, but I'm just wanted to take a journey. And maybe there's different things. Oh, I want to come back to that later. I want to come back to that later. Maybe we're just getting through this a little bit too fast. But he had to go to hell because of our sin. there. There's no other place that soul could have gone if it somehow our sins are on that soul. God's word cannot lie. He had to make that appearance in hell. He had to go to hell. Brother Brandham says in question and answers on the seals when Jesus died, excuse me, Jesus when he died, he went to hell because he had to go there. He was the sin bearer. And I love this. In one sense, he had to go there because he had sin and that's where the sinner goes. But I love this. He had our sin and went to hell to put it back where it belonged. He was not just sinful, but it says he was a sin bearer. And he had to take all, thank God, he had to take all of our sins, bore them on the cross, and in a great switch on the devil, took our sins and carried them back to where they would be forever destroyed. Carried our sins there to hell. He had to go to hell because he was a sin bearer. Brother Brandham. And now if you're saying, "My brother Aaron, you're just you're catching sound bites." Uh if you want, we can have another service and I'll read to you all the quotes that I'm pulling these things from because I promise you, I didn't print this out at sermons.net. I didn't use chat GPT either. Don't have my hands on engine number five. This is this is the original way. He says, "But now let's watch him after he died." We're kind of going back to the cross. And when he dies, brother Brandon said, "His soul went to hell, his body went to the grave, his spirit went to God." He says, "Watch him." When he died, he said he still went on conquering. Here he is in the days of his ministry casting out seven demons from Mary Magdalene. He's raising the dead. He's multiplying bread. He's multiplying fish. He He's walking on water. He's a mighty conqueror. He's casting out demons. Here he is. He he he's he's vanquishing foes and he hangs upon the cross and he dies and his death, oh what a sorrow. What a defeat. What a what a what a terrible tragedy. But beyond the veil of death, beyond what the eye could see in the moment when this man who was beaten and bloody and unrecognizable. A man at the very best looked 50 and completely destroyed in his body and ravaged laying there. Think what a pitiful, awful death. But God used that as a screen, as a veil. But because behind that dead body was a mighty conqueror who was not done conquering. That's right. He still went on conquering. He says he never ended at the grave. Why? Because according to Genesis 3:15, that what you saw on the cross was just a bruise to a hill. Now came the crushing of the serpent's head. Amen. And so then we see him and his appearance to John. You'd even count this as one of the appearances after he's ascended into heaven. You'll find after he ascends in Acts chapter 1, all of his appearances, there's a few to Paul where it says, "The Lord stood by me. The Lord spoke to me." But the ones where it speaks, he says, "From heaven. From heaven, from heaven." Because this is where he was making himself known during that dispensation. And then when we see him in Revelations 1 18 now on the cross, he's dead. Think of that body. what it would look like. Doesn't look like a conqueror at all. But brother Bam's telling us he went to he went to hell as a sin bearer. But not just as a sin bear, a conqueror. So then when John sees him, it says, "I am he that liveth and was dead." So now he's wanting us to think about his death. So here he is on the cross. We go from the cross there on the day of his crucifixion. He says, "But I'm alive." And he says, "I am alive forever more. Amen. And have the keys of hell and of death. Amen. Where did he get the keys? Where did he get them? Someone someone thought they had them and thought they were theirs, but now is the sin bearer. He goes to make a deposit for our sins and he takes our sins and exchanges them for the keys to death and hell. He had the price to get that back. So when he goes to the great hell, he's not there to stay because he's sinful. And the devil thinks, "I've got him just like I got that one. I've got this one. Like I got that one." He comes and takes our sins, lays them there in that pit, but now he snatches the keys of hell and death. Woo! Praise the Lord. Brother Brandham in question and answers on Hebrews chap part two, he says, "Then he ascended into hell and received the keys of death and hell from the devil." It's really neat to read those how he dramatizes how he got those keys. And you'll realize too when brother Bram's using the drama, he he's expressing it. Not that we would try to take everything perfectly literal, but he's using his way to represent to us the transaction and what took place. He ascends into hell and receives the keys of death and hell from the devil. This is that what I call that mis mystery descending. Here's his body on the cross. And while his body has even yet make to grave, he's still conquering and goes to hell. He's got a job to do. these sins. You started this, devil. Here it is. I paid the price. I was sinless. So what I carry here, I I don't have to answer for. I don't even have to have a sacrifice for myself. I'm the sinless sacrifice depositing the sins of all the world right here at your footstep. And why the devil dramatizing is caught off guard by the amount of sins that are filling up hell. Wait, how does this happen? Wait, you can't just leave these here. And while he's looking around, Jesus just takes the keys. Amen. That's good. And brother Ramon says he he slammed the do door on the devil. Now he's stuck there. Now notice what Peter says in 1 Peter chapter 3 18 to1 19. For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust. Remember this phrase that he might bring us to God. Right. Right. So this is this is the whole point of this uh I say this is the whole point but that that's the outcome is this union this harmony this fellowship. And I'll say this uh because this is tracking the other some of the other subjects that I've been studying on to minister. When I said between hell and heaven I would guess at least one of you thought I was talking about your choice. Where do you want to end up? And maybe maybe I could have conditioned my family just so I could be absolutely certain of that. But maybe it's the Sunday school age. Maybe somebody said, "Oh, between hell and heaven." Yeah, that's we make our choice. Where are we going to end up? Well, that's kind of a dichotomy that the nominal church world in the Catholic Church wants to impose as your main view, right? But that's not the view of the word. Amen. So he says that he might bring us to God. Now, as as the offering for sins, now being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the spirit. So, though the body died, there's a quickening by the spirit. And notice what he says, by which also he went and preached unto the spirits in prison. Now, there's many writers that speculate he's referring to how it was the spirit of Christ in Noah that preached to those who were going to be in chains of judgment when the flood came on the earth. And no doubt you read it that way and it's applicable that that that's exactly how it would read. But what you recognize from Ephesians chapter 4 and from Revelations chapter 1 and even the these other scriptures we're looking at, Christ descends. I will not leave my soul in hell. Christ descends to that pit. He descends to that place. And so here's this I want to say mystery part of it, but maybe it's just neglected and not obvious. He went and preached unto the spirits in prison. Right? These are ones that we he says are eternally lost. In question and answers on Hebrews again uh part two, when he arose from the dead, and notice where brother's placing this, he absolutely wasn't finished with the work of redemption yet. Absolutely wasn't finished. That's right. He had to clean the whole thing out. Please keep that in mind. when he rose from the dead, he wasn't absolutely finished from the from with the work of redemption yet. So now, as he says, when he rose, he wasn't finished. He says he had to clean the whole thing out. There had to be a cleansing, a purging. He says the price had been paid, but now notice what he says. But the horror of hell, the horror of the grave. So now, and I hope that you understand, I'm not trying to take I'm not trying to change what he says. Just recognize in one sense when he rose from the dead, he's not finished. He had to clean things out. But now he says once the price is paid, that's on the day of his crucifixion as he hangs on the cross. They're still the spectre of hell, the of the grave, death and hell are this imposing figure. And here when he died, now he comes back to when he died, not after his resurrection, the work that was to take place, but now when he died, he went right on. He never ceased working. And when he died, he kept on preaching. The mighty conqueror. When he said he never ended at the grave, after he died, he still went conquering. After he died, he didn't stop working. After he died, he still kept preaching. Why? Because he had to clean the whole thing out. He's filling He's fulfilling the substance of the shadow. Remember this. He's fulfilling the substance of the shadow that all the sacrifices were reflecting. Now to further drill this down that in his descending he first goes to hell in Psalm 16:10-11 for thou wil not leave my soul in hell neither wil thou suffer thine holy one to see corruption now this becomes his ministry is fulfilling prophecy but it's also bound by prophecy so prophecy is telling him how far he can go it's telling him that he must go it's telling him how far he can So when his uh I will not leave my soul in hell, neither wil thou suffer that holy one to see corruption. Then his soul, the Bible says his soul descends to hell, but it has to be for a limited duration because before corruption can set in that body, he's got to return to it. And so the Bible is telling us that his, like I say, his ministry in hell is fulfilling prophecy, but bound by prophecy. So he had to descend into hell, right? Do you catch this? He had to descend into hell. It's part of his ministry, right? It's part of his work. It's part of his conquering. He had to go and clean everything out. But he couldn't stay there, says, "But I will not let him the holy one see corruption." So he goes to hell by prophecy. He goes to hell because we've laid all of our sins have been laid upon him. So there's this prophecy that the sinless one, the just for the unjust, is going to be cast down into hell. But Jesus knows when he goes, the same power that's going to put him in the grave. Is going to be the same power that's going to take him out. He knows that he can't stay there. So there's no fear as he approaches the doors of hell. Amen. Because he says, "I know I'm only here for a limited time. And he says, "Thou will show me the path of life." This is this is the I will not let my holy one see corruption, but he's but he'll he'll show me the path of life. In thy presence is fullness of joy. At thy right hand there are pleasures forever more. It's going to say there's a path from hell to heaven. There's going to be a path made, a path of life into the presence. It's going to indicate joy. There's going to be a place of power where there's pleasures forever more. He descends into hell. He's still preaching. He's still conquering. He has to work to do, but there's more to fulfill. He's got to follow the path of life. He has got to clean the whole thing out. Brother Brandham dramatizes this in the faith of Abraham. He says, "I can see when that obedient son when he died, he went over there and knocked on the gates of the souls that were in prison that repented not in the longsuffering of the days of Noah." This bringing from 1 Peter 3. Now, that's his soul descending to hell. But notice how quickly he says, "Old Abraham and them were waiting that promise. Now, they're not in hell, right? They're not in a place of torment. The scripture tells us in the parable of Lazarus, he's not in a place of torment. The sinner's in a place of torment. The rich young ruler, the rich man is in a place of torment. So Abraham and all these others, they're not in hell getting a sermon. They're not the ones that see Jesus showed show up laden down with sins and burdened with sin. No, that's his soul descending to hell. Brother Brandham says Abraham and those others are waiting that promised Christ. And while they're waiting, he's down in hell because he had sin. And he's grabbing the the keys to hell in the grave. And brother, brother Bam saying, Abraham's waiting. And then he begins to dramatize it a little bit. And as he dramatizes, Jesus is having this conversation with Satan. And he says that Jesus says, "So give me them keys of death and hell. I'm taking over down here." Hallelujah. Slap them over to one side. Slam the door in his face. Glory. This is happening to hell. This is happening to Satan. This is happening to his power. This is redemption. Let's go to hell. Let's take the keys back. Let's go to the grave. Let's take the keys back. Slams the door on the devil. And that's my words. I'll just use that in place of the comma. Started back up. Christ descended, but now he's starting back up. Amen. And brother Bam said, "There's another group sitting over yonder waiting, the righteous in paradise, the souls in prison now, the souls in hell." And he descends and he preaches to them that are eternally lost. That's part of his ministry. Still preaching, still conquering. But when he's done, that's not all his ministry is. Amen. There's others that are waiting for the promise in paradise. He said in Luke 23:es 42 and 43 as he hung on the cross the thief uh that showed empathy the thief that said we deserve to be here and spoke to him he said remember me when thou comest into thy kingdom Jesus said as he's hanging on the cross verely I say unto thee today shalt thou be with me in paradise so he has spoken this already to the thief on the cross he says oh remember me and he says you'll be with me in paradise and if I could just dramatize a little bit That's Jesus saying he's got to go to paradise. And this thief that he's just pardoned is going to be there. But what is unsaid is the other thief is going to see him again. But it's not going to be in paradise. It's going to be in hell where he goes to preach to the eternally lost. And the thief is saying, "Hey, wait a minute. What are you doing here?" He says, "Don't worry. I'm leaving real quick. I just need these keys and you can visit these sins. I've got to go meet the thief. Amen. The one to my left, the one that I pardon. I got to go meet him. Amen. Because he had to be in paradise. He descended into hell, but he's raising back up. He must go to paradise. Brother Brandham, in the sermon, Israel and the church part two. Along came Jesus, the promised one. They done to him what they said they would, and they killed him. He died. His soul descended into hell. Preached to the souls that are in prison. Took the keys of death and hell away from the devil. returned back on Easter morning. This is when he appears to Mary. But notice and as he came through paradise, he knocked at the door. So, brother Bam just kind of swung back a little bit. He dies, soul goes to hell. Then he says, so we can say this is on Friday. He's in hell preaching and then on Sunday morning he returns back on Easter morning. But as he came back to Easter morning, he stopped by paradise first and knocked at the door. Why? He had to loose those that were in paradise. This is the change of dispensation. They were there in that place waiting for the promised son. They had believed on him who had come. These are they that believed in the seed. And when the seed came, it was their redemption. That's right. God bless you, Sister R. Is Brother Bruce here? I just noticed a family visiting today that as he as he comes up, he's knocking on this door to loose those who are under the promise. Because in this seed, all thy seed would be blessed. So, they're there waiting. Remember the patriarchs, they all wanted to be buried where the resurrection was. So, they knew wherever we go, we're waiting until that time when there's a resurrection. You don't bury me anywhere else but here. What about Joseph? Gave commandments concerning his bones. Joseph, what does it matter about your bones? Hey, we're different people. We got different promises. If you carry when you carry me into Egypt, don't leave my bones in Babylon. Don't leave my bones in Egypt. When you leave here, cuz there's a promise that you're leaving here, you take my bones and you put them in the place of the resurrection. And what happened after he knocked at the door? Brother Brandham dram dramatizes it so well that look, oh there's the will within the wheel. Oh look, there's the one. There's the one. That's the one we believed in. That's the one we've seen. Amen. Coming to make his own redemption claims, we could say. So as he stops at paradise and knocks on the door in Matthew 27:es 50 to 54, Jesus when he had cried again with a loud voice yielded up the ghost on the cross. And behold, the veil of the temple was written twain from top to the bottom and the earth did quake and the rocks rent. I know you guys remember exactly what I was preaching last year on this and and this is was it breaking the veil or something along those lines how here he is. Matthew takes us from the cross and then immediately from the cross into Jerusalem to the temple and the veil being rent and then there's even a fast forwarding. Brother Brandham takes these details and the way that he expresses it's very beautiful that even in the rapture when he cries with a loud voice there's an awakening to those that sleep but not necessarily the fullness of their bodies coming forth yet because he goes to paradise and is going to empty out paradise. Now it says, "And behold, the veil of the temple was written twain." Verse 52, "And the graves were opened, and many bodies of the saints which sle slept arose." And so now there's some there's some something is opened up and and the saints which slept arose. And now verse 53 tells us when this is coming into manifestation perfectly. We can say absolutely by this time and came out of the graves after his resurrection. Right? So graves are open, bodies which slate begin to be begin to arise. There's some awakeness, some quickening. There's events happening. Can we just say that? Let's not bind God according to time and distance and space and all these different things. But in this some way, this language is trying to tell us that something is happening from the cross to hell to paradise and bodies are awakening. Graves are opening. And then on resurrection morning, they came out of the graves after his resurrection and went into the holy city and appeared unto many. Cuz now that Christ is raising back up, he can take others with him. Amen. And then again in question and answers of Hebrews part two says then he ascended into hell and received the keys of death and hell from the devil come back up into paradise and brought Abraham, Isaac and Jacob and the righteous and raised he says Matthew 27 and they came out of the graves and entered into the city and appeared to the people along the street. This is scripture. It's it's remarkable. I I I read it over and over again. I read it all the time. And to me, it's it's one of these remarkable instances where the Bible is saying it happened. I believe it happened. So now I feel like we're moving along pretty good here. I do apparently. Maybe it's just like we don't know what pretty good means, brother. And we're looking for perfect. If you're happy with pretty good, that's fine. So after descending into hell, he empties paradise. Then he appears to Mary. That's where we are in this story. This is Mark 16 chapter verse 9. This is John 20 11 to18. We'll come to those scriptures and read them maybe here in a moment. He comes to Well, maybe yeah, I think maybe we already read those. So good. We're doing really good on time. He's now appearing to Mary. Now let's come back to that quote from question and answers in 61 where he's having this dialogue about the body and he says he said in and I don't think I have it here. So he says he said don't touch me for I've yet ascended to the father but I send to my god and your god my father and your father. So now this is what he said. I have not yet ascended to the father. He says and then that night after he had gone up done went up before God and rose from the dead went up before God. Coming back he invited Thomas to touch his side. See he had ascended up in before God. Now he has descended and he's on his way back up to what? Fulfill all things to complete his work. He's not done working yet. He's got to finish working. And on his way back up, he empties out paradise. And after he's emptied out paradise at the time of his resurrection, because now once he begins to empty that out, he comes to his body and he's raised and he appears to Mary. And Mary's sees the Lord. He says, "I'm just showing you real quick. You go tell him, you've seen me. I want you to be an eyewitness of my re of my appearing. I want you to be an eyewitness that I'm here, that I'm alive, fulfilling that what I said I would do. But I still got a work to do." And he's assuring her. Don't worry, you'll see me again, but I got a work I need to finish. And brother Bram says that he had went up before God, rose from the dead, went up before God before that evening. He says he had ascended up before God. Back to our key quote in the resurrection. Brother B says, I think that one of the greatest scriptures that's neglected, the scripture he knows being preached on is the ascension of the Lord Jesus. What he did after his resurrection. Are we zeroed in on that? The ascension is neglected after his resurrection. So in the morning when he appeared to Mary, he is speaking about an ascension that is neglected. And he says now he did not sit down on the tomb after his resurrection because his work wasn't completed. It wasn't finished. So he's not just hanging out at the grave and as each one comes says surprise and everybody's like, "Oh my goodness, what are you doing?" right? He's crucified on April 1st or something and he's like, "I'm just kidding. I told you I could do it and you didn't believe me." No, he's not hanging out. He's a mighty conqueror. He's a preacher. He still has things to do. And brother Bam says he didn't just sit on the tomb. And then he says this to kind of get our attention. And the ones at the grave that morning were forbidden to even touch him. And he's referring to uh G to Mary. says, "But that night they were bidden to come fill his hands." Says he forbid his mother to touch him. And I I I would speculate that I think he's thinking of Mary Magdalene, but he says he forbid his mother to touch him and then quotes that same scripture to Mary. I have not ascended unto my father, my God, and yours. Now, look at what he says next. Focus in on this this maze font. And he had not yet, and I know it reads a little awkward, he had not yet, he would only ready to do his great high priest work at that time. So if you're listening to it and you write it down, this this is kind of how it sounds. He had not yet. In other words, he hadn't done something yet. He was ready. He was only ready. What he was immediately ready to do was his great high priest work at that time. So when brother Brandham takes us to that very moment where Christ appears to Mary and he says don't detain me. Don't hold me back. I have to ascend to my father. Brother Brennham wants us to think of the high priest who must perform his priestly duty at that moment. So he has descended to hell with sins. He has emptied up paradise. He is leading these these saints with him and they're appearing in Jerusalem. And in this quick moment as we zero in on his meeting with Mary, he says, "Don't detain me." He He leaves this in here for us to consider this glorious event, don't stop me. I'm still ascending. As the high priest, I must go up into heaven and sin before your God, my God. So, Brother Brandham connects Christ's work on that resurrection morning to the high priest on the day of atonement. Right? It's exactly what he's he's wanting us. You say, "Exactly. How do you know?" Well, he's he's drawn our minds to the high priest's work at that time, which is embodied in the day of atonement. And the high priest in Leviticus 16 foreshadows the ministry of the Messiah. And you have one high priest and you have different sacrifices. You have all these moving parts. And all of this is fulfilled in the ministry of Jesus Christ. In Leviticus 16:30, it says, "For on that day," this is the day of atonement. I'm I'm not going to have time maybe to go into some of these details as much as I would like to. So, if we could just kind of shake ourselves a little bit and and we're just going to This is the momentum is starting to build and starting to build. I hope you can sense it. For on that day shall the priest make an atonement for you to cleanse you that you may be clean from all your sins before the Lord. This is the shadow. Christ is the substance. This is the foreshadowing. Christ is the fulfilling, the atonement to cleanse us, to cleanse us from our sins from before the Lord. Amen. And if you could just hold this in your hearts and and remember this as it's been said to keep it in your conscience now as we go forward, but maybe even then for the future. On the day of atonement, the high priest the the sacrifices and the events cleansed the tabernacle. So it was a cleansing of a place, but then it also cleansed the people. And so it was more than just oh he just went in and shed blood and this is all symbolic. All these different things sacrifice had to be made for himself. Then there had to be a sacrifice being made to purge and cleanse the different parts of the temple and the tabernacle. All these things are happening in the scapegoat and everything is foreshadowing our redemption forhadowing the ministry of Jesus Christ. And as as he's purging the tabernacle and he's and he's making these sacrifices, we know that the tabernacle represented heaven on earth, right? And even the tabernacle itself was aside was showed heaven and earth. And even the veil in the color blue was to signify how there was a veil between the heaven and the earth. And all these things were signified and wrapped up in that. And so the high priest on the day of atonement entered into this is the time only time he does it. He enters into the holy of holies remember through the veil as if passing into heaven itself to present the sacrifice and the blood. You following me now brother Brandon when we stop and we're seeing we're witnessing his conversation with Mary and he says Mary don't hold me I've yet to ascend to the father. Brother Brandham is saying, "Pause. Right here, right, he still has to perform the work of the high priest." Right here at this moment, he still has to do something more. He's already conquered hell. Already emptied out paradise, but there's still more. Amen. And so, the high priest entered into the Holy of Holies, which represents heavens, represents the mercy seat, the throne room. And so, it's as if he's entering heaven to present the sacrifice and the blood. What is he foreshadowing? Christ. What is it typing? Christ. Even think about how you they the dying goat signifies Christ dying. But remember Christ is sinless. So he doesn't need a sacrifice for himself. But then remember the scapegoat. That goat's going to be let loose into the wilderness. What? It's a place of death. What does it what does it signify? Christ is going to send down into the wilderness, the wasteland, the pit of despair. He's going to descend down there as a soul to go down there. He's represented in all these different types and shadows. That scapegoat descends into hell because of sin. What is it they do to the scapegoat? Put their hands on it signifying all sins. And it goes off into the wasteland, the desert, the wilderness. What is it right? What is it type? Christ being the sin bear going to hell. So when he meets Mary Magdalene, I know I'm not doing it justice. And so I apologize. I'm not apologizing for how long I'm preaching. Just apologizing for not doing this justice. So now when he meets Mary Magdalene, he's on his way to heaven to finish redemption. That's why don't stop me. Now's not the time. I think of Boaz and how Naomi told Ruth, "Oh, he will not rest. Don't worry. He won't rest until redemption's finished. He's not going to pause. He's not going to linger. He's not going to delay. Don't worry. He's not going to rest until redemption is finished. And he had to go before the the elders of the gate of the city and and and and finalize redemption claims. Boaz is acting out this part in time of what Christ is doing now when he tells he tells Mary, "Mary, don't worry. Hold on. I've got to finish this." Amen. Amen. And so when he meets Mary, he's on his way to heaven to finish redemption. Don't restrain me. I need to finish the work. Don't hold me back. I've got to go perform the work of the high priest. I've got to finish this, but I'll appear to you again. Notice what it says in Hebrews 9. I hope these scriptures just pop even more to you now. Hebrews 9:11-2. But Christ being come a high priest of good things to come by a greater and more perfect tabernacle not made with hands, that is to say, not of this building, neither by the blood of goats and calavs. Notice what he says, but by his own blood he entered once into the holy place, having obtained eternal redemption for us. He had to come as that high priest with the sacrifice and the blood. and and and we don't have to take it too literal, but it is his flesh. He is the sacrifice. And verse 24 says, he has entered into heaven itself. So what is the Bible telling us? By his own blood, he entered into the holy place. Having obtained eternal redemption. This is the high priest who once a year foreshadowed this. Go into the holy of holies. did it every year signifying of that one time the perfect sacrifice, the perfect high priest would enter in behind the veil once and for all. So Christ descends into heaven on the day of resurrection, John 20:1 17, and it's a triumphant entry into glory. On Easter morning, now think of this. This is where we are in this journey. On Easter morning, he ascends into heaven having obtained eternal redemption for us all. Amen. So now, just as the high priest, everything that took place outside, beyond the camp, in the camp, in the outer court, the inner court, now he has to come and there's things that take place afterwards, but he has to come. He has to appear into the holy of holies. Christ has by his own blood entered into heaven itself to obtain eternal redemption for us. So as he comes, he's coming as the mighty conqueror. He's coming to show in Psalms 24 7-10, "Lift up your heads, oh ye gates." This is the prophecy of it. Lift you up, ye everlasting doors, and the king of glory shall come in. This is this entrance of this this Messiah. Not into Jerusalem, not into a tabernacle made with hands, not into hell, not into paradise, but now into heaven. Who is this king of glory? The Lord strong and mighty. The Lord mighty in battle. Where is this battle taking place? I thought he died on the cross. No, that was a veil. Cuz behind the veil, he was still conquering. He went to hell, took the keys of death and hell. He went to paradise and loosed the believers. And now he ascends into heaven, triumphant. Yes, sir. Let the Lord strong, mighty in battle. Come in. Lift up your heads. It repeats the refrain. Why? Cuz once wasn't enough and two's not enough. Lift up your heads, oh you gates. Even lift them up, you everlasting doors, and the king of glory shall come in. There was a knock on hell's door and he came in. There was a knock on paradise's door and he came in. Now there's a knock on heaven's door and heaven will say, "Who is it? It's the king of glory." Oh, hallelujah. This is the moment we've been waiting for. Remember, brother Ram said he had to clean the whole thing out. He says, "The Lord of hosts, he is the king of glory." Now, as he ascends into heaven, he's not alone. Remember this. He's not alone. Psalm 68:18, "Thou hast descended on high. There's his ascending Christ ascending into heaven. Thou hast led captivity captive." What is this? This is the mighty conqueror. Having triumphed over sin, death, the grave, over hell. Now he's leading prisoners that are loosed from death into heaven. Amen. Thou hast ascended on high and led captivity captive. Led those who are bound. Led those who are waiting. Led those who are restricted by prophecy. Now he comes. He's not alone. He's bringing the saints with him. And listen to what Paul says in Hebrews 10 19:20. Having therefore, brethren, boldness to enter into the holiest of holies by the blood of Jesus by a new and living way which he hath consecrated for us through the veil, that is to say, his flesh. Think of what he's doing when he he has to clean everything out as he says. Think about what's transpiring in these very verses as we consider these things and how beautiful the picture is as he's ascending. It says that he's entered into the holy of ho holy of holies by his blood. And now we have boldness because it says he has consecrated a new and living way. Thou wilt show me the path of life and in thy presence there's pleasures forever more. So now he's conquer consecrating a new and living way. So on Easter morning and I'm I'm on my last page of notes and now that we have more exit points I feel that I got to keep people boxed in. Uh lock the doors. There's on this Easter morning as he's ascending, he's forever consecrating away, right? Because when Christ begins to make his appearances, he doesn't have to get any sacrifices anymore. It's forever made. It's forever consecrated. He's consecrated away. Now, I want to tie all this up. Brother Bam says in the rapture and the Old Testament saints came to the earth again, walked around on earth and entered in with him at the rapture. Excuse me, at his rapture. He said, "One resurrection's already passed." And he says, "The Old Testament saints walk in with him at his rapture." Brother Brandham's the one that brings these psalms into view. David said up there, "Lift ye up everlasting gates and be lifted up." He led captive captive, give gifts unto men. and the Old Testament saints went in with them. So when he told Mary, "Hold on a minute. I'm not done." He had preached to the souls in prison. He had emptied out paradise. And as the high priest, he was ushering in the believers of all the Jewish ages into their blessed rest in that other dimension. He had the Old Testament saints with him. They said, "Who is this king of righteousness? The Lord of glory, mighty host." Here they come in marching. Jesus led captivity captive. Psalms 24, Psalm 68. And he says, "And here he comes with the Old Testament saints." Now, could I get you just to maybe I could just leave leave you wanting a little bit. Now, this is part of his third pull ministry. Yes. This is part of the pattern that he's laying down in his own ministry. Part of his third pool ministry was leading the Old Testament bride from their place of waiting into their place of destiny. Part of his part of his role as the high priest was to go preach to souls in prison. But then he had to empty out paradise and lead the Old Testament saints into glory. That's why Joseph said, "Take my bones." And Moses takes his bones out of Egypt. And Joshua carries those bones into the promised land. What was it signifying? It was signifying Christ who would lead those Old Testament saints who had a physical resurrection in that time who was going to then lead them. He didn't leave them on this earth as ghost. He didn't leave them as spooked. He led them as a mighty conqueror into the presence of God. And in souls in prison now, we recognize this part of the third pole ministry. But I want you to think of the more to this. Brother Brandham was wanting to sing a hymn. He said, "The Bible said they sang a hymn and went out." This is really towards the very end there. He says, "Remember they did that in scripture. They did that in the scripture. It was because they had crucified the ministry of our Lord's second pool and the third pull was ready to enter. Now, we know what the third pool is and what it does. We know what he's wrestling with in this moment. And we know very distinctly where brother places a part of this third pool ministry in this sermon. A few hours after he ascended into hell and preached to the lost that had rejected mercy. So the Christ descending into hell is part of the third pull, part of his third pull, part of the pattern that is laid, but he's still conquering. He's still preaching. Brother Brandham clarifies later about his third pool ministry. It wasn't just to the eternally lost. There's more. Christ gathered the saints to a resurrection. He's gathering them and then he leads them into heaven. What is he showing? A type for us. That's right. Now, if I can say this is I want you to turn to John chapter 20. We'll come to it here in a moment. Think about what he is doing. And this as the third pool enters in, he preaches to the eternally lost. But that's not all his ministry is. He must lead those saints into glory. So, I want you to think deeply today in this resurrection. Where are we today? Where where are we in the moments of his himself making himself known to us? Where are we in the revealing of the son of man? Where are we in the process of the rapture? What scriptures have been fulfilled? What scriptures are being fulfilled? What is it right now that we could say Christ is saying, "I'm not finished yet. I I still have a job to do." Amen. And so after he meets with Mary, he finishes this ministry of leading the Old Testament saints into glory. And it's then that Christ ascends into heaven. Christ descending into hell. Christ descending into heaven. And here Mary is left between hell and heaven. And Christ now and she's forbidden to touch him as it were. that it says in John chapter 20 19 to 23. Then the same day at evening being the first day of the week. So now we know it's the same day when the doors were shut where the disciples were assembled for fear of the Jews came Jesus. So now when he comes, he's not coming in the same physical way you'd expect somebody to come. He's not bound by physics and uh uh science. It it's saying it in such a way to say that that the doors were were shut and locked and being watched like the ours are now and no one came in or out and and somehow he appears in the midst of them. He had been put out of them. He had been crucified. They had crucified the word. They' crucified Christ. They'd put him out of the church. They'd put him out of their midst. And here they are. They're assembled together uh with the promise. He said he'd never leave us nor forsake us. And now without any other physical sign or anything, not their traditional channels. Boom. He appears right there in their midst and says, "Peace be unto you." And when he had so said, he showed them his hands and his side. And I marvel over this, but if I could just say for me, it just expresses how he was willing to do whatever it would take to give them confidence in him at his appearing. That if that's if this is this so that you you look at me and maybe I don't look, think of all the instances where nobody knew who he was. So now he has to do things so that they know it's him. And so he's able to then he's able to with in this moment. So when when he shows up, it's not like this beaten, rabbid, bloody man sitting in the midst of him and they all shriek and Could it be that he was an 18-year-old man? A and and in a way to show them who he is. He shows them visible signs, gives them signs, scriptural signs that they would know that this is him in their midst. And it says, "And he showed them in his hands. They were then were the disciples glad when they saw the Lord. Then in Luke chapter 24 tells this reading this way. We know those on the road to Emmas. Christ has already ascended to heaven because remember when he's with Mary don't don't detain me. I'm a high priest with a job to do. But now a little bit later on, he appears to his disciples on the road to Amaz. And guess what? They don't recognize him, right? Because he doesn't look like the way they would think he'd look. And so as he walks with them and he begins to open up the scriptures, they are going to turn in and what do they do? They detain him. Right? Now he can be stopped. Now he his work is finished. Now they constrain him and tell him to stay and he carries with them and then he's made known in the breaking of bread and whether they run to go tell the other disciples he has indeed risen. He he was made known to us in the breaking of bread. We didn't even know who I just imagine they were talking so fast. We didn't even know who he was. Here we're walking and we're complaining and we're all down in the dumps and then he starts opening up the scriptures and he starts showing us the ministry of Christ to the prophets and he expounds all these things and our hearts are burning within us and we don't even know what's happening. We're like, "Hey man, can you stick around for a little while? eat with us, commentary with us, and we didn't even know who he was. But then he took the bread himself. He became the master of the house. He broke the bread and then our eyes were open to know who this 18-year-old looking man was who knew all things. They run and they tell the other disciples, "He is alive. He is indeed risen. The report of the women is true. He is alive." And then he appears in their midst. Verse 39, he says, notice he says, "Behold my hands and my feet that it is my I myself. and see for a spirit hath not flesh and bones as you see me have. And he says, "And when he had thus spoken, he showed them his hands and his feet." And the scriptures, he's inviting them. Look, see, you know, even when he presents himself to Thomas, it doesn't even say that Thomas necessarily touched him. But now his work is finished. Amen. When he was between hell and heaven, he had to stop. But now that he's ascended and he's back now appearing, confirming the promise, he says, "Look." And now notice what he does. I'm closing here. Closing. And when he had thus spoken, he showed them his hands and his feet. And the phrase here is is just a bundle. And while they yet believed not for joy and wondered, in other words, it was too good to be true. They couldn't believe their eyes, they're filled with so much joy, they have so much enthusiasm, maybe just to use a phrase we've used recently, there might have been so much dopamine being rushed and there were so many neurons firing, so thrilled, so excited that they didn't even have time for rational thought. They they didn't have time to try to figure this out. They were just I mean, can you imagine it? It's all we can do right now, right? I mean, imagine what they're going through in that moment. Like, what is this? This is him. This is like he said it would be. What does this mean? What are the implications of this? And then as he's made himself known as scriptural signs and manifest himself, I'm here with you. I'm going to appear with you. I'm here now with you. Notice what he does. He gave them he asked, do you have anything to eat? Why? He wants to suck with them. And they gave him a piece of broiled fish and of a honeycomb. And he took it and did eat before them. He had descended and descended. Now he was appearing to them for their capstone. Now he was appearing to them to make the promise plain, to make it clear, to tell them, I'm I'm I'm this this season. It's just this particular time in this age. Think of how unique that age was. when he was there in the days of his earthly ministry in the flesh and before his crucifixion, he's preaching the kingdom of God is at hand. There's things that are being preached, things are being established, and he's saying there's going to be a Holy Ghost given. There's going to be things happen. And then when he dies and pays the price, think about all the events that are unfolding in this unique time before the Holy Spirit falls on the day of Pentecost, all the feasts that are transpiring, everything that's taking place. And brother says he came back again on the day of Pentecost. He's appearing to them to give them confidence. And what is he doing here in these scriptures? We see in these multiple appearance to the disciples before his ascension into heaven. He's feasting with them as the resurrected son of man. He's making himself known to him. Oh, what shadows and types for us? Can you just can you just feed on that yourselves? What shadows and types for us? So when I look at my title between hell and heaven, the mystery of Christ's descending and ascending, I'm talking about today. Amen. What about the mystery of his descending? What about his coming? Right? What about this third pull? What about all the speculation and the wonderings and the questions? Because then brother Brandham is telling us and teaching us and it is the rising of the sun. He's plainly telling us that there has been a resurrection. But this resurrection is not to the body of Jesus Christ in the corporal body. It's it's not just him resurrecting from a grave. It's not him coming out of hell. It's not the emptying out of paradise for the Old Testament saints. He says for a resurrection out of dark denominationalism. Can you think now in spiritual type of the bride, the gentile bride is caught up in a dead church. Brother Ram says in thirst, she's dead. And and she has death written on him. There's no life in her. Here it is. We need something to resurrect us. And he says, "What a resurrection that was. What a resurrection this is to be quickened from the dead between hell and heaven." What is it? It's Christ descending and the soon ascending of his bride. That's where we're living right now. That's what we see in the moments that we're living in right now. Oh, could we be like Mary? Could we be like the disciples? Could we be like them who've received their Messiah to know he has descended? He has ascended. And where he is now is with us. Amen. And what's next is an ascension. Amen. How is this so? I just there's so much to it. Did Brother Brennan not show us in great detail that hell is on earth? Is it not saying that now hell which was in a dimension that he visited as a boy? A dimension that Christ had descended to himself and now it's hell on earth. Hell hath enlarged herself and now it's manifested in Satan's Eden. So now hell has crept up. Right. Hell has ascended. Hallelujah. But once hell had filled up, Christ descended back into it again. And he has descended to do what? To loose us. To loose us from this hell. To loose us from Leodysia. He's still conquering today. He's still the mighty conqueror. Amen. Hallelujah. I was finished with this statement from the Easter Seal. Brother Bram was talking about the glorified Christ on Mount Transfiguration. He's talking about all the things that they try to get in our minds and get our attention. Musicians, you can ready yourself. He's talking about Christ. See him. See him. And he says, "See God's word, which is Christ." Now, this is April 10th, 1965. And he says, "See Christ, see God's word, which is Christ magnified and fulfilled the promise of this day in this great hour of resurrection." Amen. Where the the bride is raptured up spiritually. And Christ is the mystery of God revealed. He's teaching this very principle of how the the body follows the head. Amen. And he says she's already risen. Amen. Where is she risen? She's risen to this place between hell and heaven. Why? Because he's descended. And now in the preview of the bride, she's ascending up. Amen. Why? What? Leodysia is descending down. And here we are. We're ascending in this great hour of resurrection. That's where we're living now. this great hour is resurrection. He says, notice, and it gives them joy to know that we are with him. A flesh of his flesh and bone of his bones. What a joy. And that's the only thing the believer cares about. Hallelujah. That's the only thing the believer cares about. Don't give me the past. Let the dead bury it past. I don't want to look for some future pleasure on this earth. Let me enjoy the present. Christ. Amen. This is my joy. Just as he told him in Luke 24, "See my bones. See my flesh." And they were filled with joy and wonderment. And now we are bone of his bones in flesh of his flesh. I I can't see his nail scars. I can't see his thorn prince, but I see the revealing of the son of man as he's united with his bride. Behold his flesh. Behold his bones in this hour of resurrection. What a joy. What a joy that we have here between hell and heaven. The mystery of Christ descending and descending. Oh, what beautiful mystery. And if I can say this just to get you to think about these things, [Music] it could be presented to you as a choice. Where do you want to end up? Heaven or hell? And I know the song says he didn't want heaven without us. And it says he he brought heaven down. But then it's almost like we take the next step to say, but then we're all going to go back to heaven anyways. And somehow we've been able to take this thing and just split it to where we're stuck in the middle. And we have a choice. Whatever you choose here on earth, you're either going to end up in hell forever or heaven forever. And that wasn't God's program from the beginning. He created hell to do away with everything that could ever impede the eternal union of heaven and earth. Cuz this is where he wants to dwell. Because when it's all over, where are we coming? Right back to here. So I say, let it begin now. Let me put I don't want to put off my praise. I don't want to put off my deliverance. I don't want to put off my joy. I'm not going to look for some triumph triumphant entry on streets of gold. I'm not I'm not looking to a heaven that's way out there. I recognize the revelation that this message brought to us. It's the gospel Paul preached and it is that the kingdom is heaven and earth united. And here I am as the very expression of that in this hour. And I say, Lord, what a joy it is to know that he is with us. What a joy it is to know in this hour of resurrection to see him in his promised word. And I'm not so much fixated. I feel if anything, this has even been a correction to my emphasis. I'm not so much fixated on what it'll be over there, but I'm fixated on that becoming real here. And I'm fixated on heaven imposing its will on my earth. Let your will be done on earth. Let it be thy kingdom come. Thy will be done. Let it be done in earth cuz it's going to have to happen here. That's where the desperation resides. Oh God, may it be that we could receive you in this time, in this great hour that we're living in and not miss these precious promises. Oh, hallelujah. Stand with me.
