################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-02-01 - Judgment and Rewards Part One (The Next Step) - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-02-01
Title:   Judgment and Rewards Part One (The Next Step)
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j37Zd61QfJ8
========================================

Description:
Judgment and Rewards Part One 
The Next Step

Wednesday Service: February 1, 2023
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
So, I want to tie this in real quick to what we've been on in the first month of the year on the year preview, but we're going to do a little bit different. We're going to do the year preview review. Um, and maybe not get our tongues tied in looking at this, but uh, as we've gone through these eight services or so at the outset of the year, we looked at different things. We said, "This is a preview of the year to come because these are the things that God will find us doing, all of us doing together." and uh things that we're uh we have as a part of our foundational work and things that we believe in and things that we strive to do together. And so that's been our year in review. So I just want to review year in preview and I want to review those eight services just really quickly um through a few statements here. We'll start with the the sermon shalom and it says uh but what I'm looking forward now is what will I do this coming year towards the in betterment the kingdom of God doing more and all that I can do for the kingdom of God. That's kind of the the thrust behind what we're preaching is that there's just something in our hearts and our desire and this is a sermon that we uh had recommended for Christmas day to listen to this sermon. I trust you all did uh to listen to the sermon shalom. I've been drawing a lot from it. But he says, "As we look forward into the new year, what I'm wanting to do is look forward to the things I could do to better the kingdom of God. Uh what I can do to aid in the progress of God's kingdom. Uh not only as a work of God that goes on around the world, but also his work in my life and what he's doing in my life." And so we had these six things uh that we went through. And we did it in different services and we kind of over overlapped some things, but these are six things that I believe are thus sayeth the Lord that are God's will for our life. And that's to uh sanctify your home in your home to gather around the word. Um and as a family and as a individuals live for others and then things that kind of relate more to our operation or your coming to church and attendance. Uh assemble ourselves together. Uh give your tithes and your offerings and then support missions. And we went through each one of these things. I think maybe took at least a service on each one of them. And we shared these things as these are God's will for us individually. These are things that are God's will for us. And we used it in this context where brother said, "Now that we've been saved as we have and that we've been filled with the Holy Spirit as we have," which those that salvation really is the seal of God. He says, "Now we want that the mind that was in Christ to be in us that we might be transformed from the natural things of life and be brought into do the perfect will of God by transformation of God's spirit by his word." And so kind of our subtitle to the series was what is God's will for me this year? And then we kind of transition into I know God's will for me this year because I could look and see that these six things are God's will for me. I would say if you haven't been filled with the Holy Ghost, you should just seek that with everything that's in you. And that should be what that's God's will. He wants to give you the Holy Ghost more than you want it. And so there's this examination. There's this dying out. There's this repenting that we can do and say, "Lord, uh that's what I want more than anything. I want to be sealed with the Holy Ghost." And once we have that, brother Bram says once we have that and we've been filled with the Holy Ghost as we have, then there's this process of the mind of Christ having the preeminence so that we can be transformed to do the perfect will of God. So it's the these six things is not the entirety of God's will, but these things must be in place and foundational if we're going to do the further will of God. And the beautiful part of these six things, I'd say, is that all of us can do these things. that all of us can be uh doing these things together. And if you turn, brother uh Mitch, I think you can just take over at this point. I might have another slide in there while advance it and we can do a little tugof-war for a moment uh while we figure out who's controlling it. It's not going to bother me as long as it doesn't bother anybody else. I don't mind. But as I was saying, these are all things that we can do ourselves individually. And it's and all of us can do it, right? Maybe maybe it's a new crowd. Maybe nobody's here for the first month, but these are things that we all can be doing and we can all do it together. And in doing it together, these become I I was looking at this in greater detail. And I just want to touch on it very quickly tonight. These become joints that connect us and ways that we have touch points with one another, touch points with God. And in Ephesians 4:16, it's speaking of Christ from whom the whole body, the head, from whom the whole body fitly joined together and compacted by that which every joint supplieth according to the effectual working in the measure of every part, maketh increase of the body under the edifying of itself in love. That's poetry. That's that's beautiful verse the way that Paul is describing this. And he's using different phrases uh some that refer to musicians being in harmony and and and referring to other parts of the body that work in such sweet motion and work together and everything working harmoniously and and what I was looking at this in some other places in the scripture. This is how body God has arranged the body together to where each part works together. And I was mentioning this with the brothers before service that that's it's really a scriptural word when you hear the term synergy. It's just things working together. And that's what Paul is talking about. He's talking about being fitly joined together and compacted by that which every joint supplieth according to the effectual work in me in in the measure of every part and as it all works it maketh increase of the body and it edifies itself each part working together each one doing their part. So, as we all have a responsibility to do these six things and we have these things in common and we labor in those things, we have this energy that Paul's talking about in the body where there's this advanced effectiveness because we cooperate. Advanced effectiveness because we're all on the same page. Advanced effectiveness because we all agree on certain parts and these are things that we can do together. And and then the scripture reminds us that it's not all about us, right? that there's there's more to this than I, the individual, just me, that it's it's not only about me. It's not only about the individual, but it's about the body of Christ and his purpose. And so Paul is using the harmony of the human body as a description of our union together, even in a local church, but obviously as it relates to the body of Christ globally. And this our fundamental working together relates to just our basic level of functioning. And and I guess this is me just getting it out. Just getting some of these things out. So you're you're listening to my thought process a little bit that this there's a there's a way that the body functions and it's just all the base functions are working. And that's so that it's that has life, right? That it's not impaired in any way. But we're not just all brains in a vat, right? Contrary to the philosophies that exist that maybe we're just all living out a program. And how do we know this isn't a program or a simulation? But we have this functioning each one of our bodies and this the these different parts working together is just so that the body is operable and can function and can walk can talk can can do different things but that's so that it can exist as a living thing but as Christians and Paul's using this analogy or using this example the body but if I could say this as Christians we're not just called to exist it's not enough that we just be if if it was enough that we would just be then God would have been happy just being right but there was more to him just being. He was the God that was becoming. He was a God that was expressing himself. A God that wanted to unfold himself. And so, we're not just called to merely exist. But then God's promises tell us that he wants us to live and live abundantly. Amen. And in John 15:5, he says, "I am the vine. You're the branches." And what does the vine do? It furnishes energy to the branches. He that abideth in me and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit. That's that's the that's why I was drawn to this scripture that we are to bring forth much fruit. Now, it's it's not just we don't want to just bring forth some fruit. We don't want to just be fruitful, but whatever this much fruit is, we want to be able to bring that forth. He says, "For without me, you can do nothing." I if if I could just kind of sew these thoughts into your mind tonight from the scripture that we want to be those that bring forth a hundfold. If there there's some potential that I have, if there's some uh gifts that are in my my life or blessings that God wants to pour out upon me, I don't want just 20, right? What how much is it we want? Is it 100? That's how much we want. We don't want 20. We don't want 30. We don't want 60. We want it all. We want to bring forth a hundfold. That that's my potential. I want to realize the potential that is within me. And that's that much fruit. That's that hundfold that Christ talks about. We're living in that time of hundfold, I believe. And he says, "Without me, you can do nothing." And Paul says in Philippians 4:13, "I can do all things through Christ which strengthenth me." Now, I'm not going to try to change the meaning of this, but we know that we can't use this to try to do thing anything that we want. But here's one way to think about this that really opens it up to us. I can do everything he wants me to do, right? I can do a 100% of what he wants me to do through his strength. I can do all things through Christ. All things that are to be done through Christ, I can do as he strengthens me. I can do that 100%. I can bring that forward. I can I can bring that out. So, as we just try to transition now into this thought on judgment and rewards a and and we can go ahead and put that there now that there's a there's this tiein there's this connection because in this and the things that we're looking at these are things that God expects us to do by his grace having saved us as he has and that we now have the spirit of Christ in us that is to will and to do of his good pleasure functioning according to these things and we're doing these six things, these basic fundamental things. I know there's more that we can be doing. And that's kind of what we're looking at is uh uh doing more, but the key the key to living abundantly is first doing the fundamental will of God. Amen. We don't we don't want to get our eyes on like the the goal and say, "Oh man, I just want I want to be perfect. I want to be perfect." And kind of disregard the pl the path that God has for us to get there. There's a process that unfolds in these things. And so, I just want to make mention to it again very quickly. Paul says, "For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ." For everyone may receive that everyone may receive the things done in his body. Receive judgment. We have to appear before the judgment seat of Christ. We're going to receive according to the things that we've done in our body. Uh whether it be good or bad. So he's alluding to a time when we will have to stand before Christ and our works be judged. Right? That's the that's the picture that is alluded to in the scripture. So that's what I'm looking at when I say judgment and rewards is this judgment for our rewards. And so tonight, my my subtitle is the next step. So as we have these, and I think I've alluded to it a little bit already, that as we have these things that we ought to be doing, the fundamental parts of our experience with God, fundamental things we're doing as Christians, then these are all part of us taking the next step and being able to take a next step. If we could look at it many different ways, maybe someone gets saved and say, "Oh, I I want to I want to be a preacher. I want to I want to preach." Well, that may be your calling and that may be your gift. But there's things that God wants to do in your life in order to liberate that gift and use that gift and it's not just something that we're able to do immediately. We have to do the fundamental will of God first and then take steps towards that. And so my thought behind this this title of the next step is finding uh recognizing our position in Christ. Uh so it's uh it's pointing to the concept of being placed in your position. And so it's recognizing our position in Christ, not just as a son and not just being filled with the Holy Spirit, but maybe answering to the question of uh what does God want me to do? What what is some what's the expression of the word in my life look like? And so it's recognizing our position in Christ by identifying our office and recognizing our gifts or things that we are suited for, things that God wants to use us for. And I know maybe when we say that people start thinking, oh, is it a pastor? Is it this? It's it even on the most basic level is are are you a house wife? Are you a husband? Are you are you a man? Are you a woman? There's this identifying. There's certain ways that you begin to identify fundamentally who you are in Christ and what you are and how God wants to use these gifts and the way he's tempered you together. And so that's kind of what we're looking at even in terms of judgment and rewards is recognizing our position in Romans 12:es 4 and 5. Now this is hearkening back to Paul talking about the body and how it works together. He says, "For as we have many members in one body and all members have not the same office." Recognize that there's things that we can all do and we all do it together, but then we not we don't all have the same office. Paul even speaks about how there's different gifts, different administrations, different manifestations of the same spirit. We'll come to that here in a moment. He says, "And all members have not the same office. So we being many are one body in Christ, and everyone members one of another." So we have not the same office. That means the same work, the same function, the same uh transactions, the same understanding. We don't all have that same position. There's a unity that we're striving for. And and unity is not found in just causing everyone to conform with our own image or everyone just being cookie cutters of somebody else. It's the very thing that brother Brandham identified as problematic in some churches is that they just get the spirit of their pastor. So they all dress like the pastor. They all like the things the pastor likes. They all do what the pastor does. And they all kind of take the spirit of the man. It can happen even with brother Brandham. We just get the spirit of the man. And we're just kind of following in somebody else's calling, emulating somebody else's gift, emulating the expression of Christ in somebody else, but never being connected to the Christ that's being expressed through them by and therefore we don't find our own path. And if we don't do that, we're not complimentary to the others who are affording us the example. We're not just to imitate one another in a carnal sense, but we're to achieve the same a familiar experience and relationship with God so that we're all working in our in our calling to complement one another because we all don't have the same understanding or office. Paul puts it this way in 1 Corinthians chapter 12 and and there's more as he leads up to his teaching on charity. He says, "Now there are diversities of gifts. I just want you to recognize these diversities as it relates to these are things that are a step further than just these fundamental things that we do together. Diversities of gift but the same spirit. And that there are differences of administrations but the same Lord. And there are diversities of operations but is the same God which workketh all in all. But the manifestation of the spirit is given to every man to profit with all. Isn't that wonderful that we all partake in this together and we all uh the gifts of the spirit and the manifestation of the spirit are not even for the individual that it's manifest itself through but it's it's for all to profit that we can be benefited by so the manifestation of the spirit is that so that it'll profit the body profit one another and I know that these things are uh expressing looking at the gifts of the spirit and I think there's more that I'm wanting you to consider than just the manifestation of the spirit through gifts that work within the local body but If I could think of put this before you in this sense the local body and this is the beautiful part how God has arranged this. You think God knew what he was doing? Do you think church is the will of God? God has a purpose to it. God has a plan for and the local body is a place where gifts are identified where they're cultivated where they're where they're encouraged where they're put into service. And there's a lot of ways that people are gifted. And this has gifted beyond pulpit piano uh uh and deacons and trustees. some of the formal offices that we recognize. There's gifts that people have that would never have an opportunity to fully full fully express itself, but for their placing within the body of Christ, but for the operation of that gift within the framework of a local body, within a family of believers. And it brings out certain attributes in people. And it gives them opportunities to serve and to and to labor in ways that they never would have had that opportunity had God not arranged it this way. It's one of the dangers of of staying at home. It's one of the dangers of of be living in a time when we can just all kind of stay home and and push the play button, whether it be streaming or listen to the voice of God on tape. There's there's dangers to that because now we're depriving ourselves and the body of Christ of that effectual working when we labor together and harmonize together. And so this to me is the next step. This is one of what part of the next step. It's finding opportunities to unite in God's service. finding opportunities to join together in service for God's kingdom and and and it's ways it it is the next step and I hope this is becoming apparent to you in this sense that these things that we've outlined at the beginning are all things that we ought to be doing. just hearken back to last Sunday when we kind of laid out that uh these are the things that we would do in order these things you have to do to be qualified to vote and therefore if this is what it takes to vote this is what it takes to hold office right so you couldn't have a situation where everyone who's voting attends church regularly a and pays their tithe but the person who's being voted in hardly is ever there never's paid any tithe that wouldn't make a lot of sense right and so there's there's this continuity when we are all doing the things that we ought to do and And if we're doing those things, it qualifies you and empowers you to be able to say, "Well, what's next?" I think sometimes the danger is people start, they got a lot of zeal, a lot of enthusiasm like, "I want to do something for God." It's like, "All right, here's six things you can do for God." Like, oh, no, no, no, no. I want to create squirrels, right? Like, no, no, I think you missed it. I want to start preaching Sunday mornings. And they're like, "Well, that's great. And you can get there, but this is where you can start." Right. And so the next step is connected to these things that we we've been sharing. But there are ways for individuals and families to labor more for the Lord beyond even these six things. Even though some of them are so general, they certainly encompass this. But there's ways that individuals and families can do many things for God. And I believe that the local church has a responsibility to uh promote that to provide opportunities for that and give tools and resources for individuals and families to do that. Amen. In the sermon attitude and who is God, I apologize if it feels like a Sunday night in August in here. I know people are fanning away. In the sermon attitude and who is God, it says the church has moved up to that fellowship with God, communion like Adam had in the beginning in the Garden of Eden. Now, this is a that what he's alluding to and what he's pointing to to me is important. Some there's some image about Adam that brother Brandon is saying the church has moved up to. And I think this is a critical part a theme in his ministry for the next 13 years even. How that the church was at this juncture. It's at this time. It's got to take this next step. He needs to climb up a little bit higher to see God in his program. There's things that he knew he was on the cusp of. And so he says the church has moved up to that fellowship with God. Communion like Adam had in the beginning in the Garden of Eden. Taking all sin away, free from condemnation. Holy Spirit cleansing us from sin. He says now you are free to exercise the next step in God. Good. This is just the way that God works that if he's done something, it's building to the next something. And once you've done the next something, it's building to the next something. And God is just always building so to a climax and to to the to the kingdom. And so Adam was in the beginning. He's he's likening the church has uh moved up to that place like Adam was in the beginning. And think Adam was placed in that garden not just to eat, right? He's placed there to work, to cultivate, to look after, to rule, and to reign, to have dominion. There was things that Adam was given to do. He was gifted. He was given the gift to work the ground. He was given a gift to control things. He was equipped. God equipped Adam and the woman with everything they would need. And so, he was placed there with gifts and resources to to work out in the Garden of Eden. And brother says, "The church has moved up to that place where she is ready to take and exercise the next step in God." Amen. And in the sign of sign of this time, brother Bam says when Christ died, there were three elements that came from his body. Water, blood, spirit. And then he relates this to the three steps of the new birth. So you cannot have the new birth without all three. Justification through believing, water, sanctification through blood, the baptism of the Holy Spirit. So there's your the seal of God, the new birth. Now he says now, so you have that. He says, "Now this last great step must come into the perfection." So I see how he's bringing and I know that sometimes we get so strict in our numerology like no brother and there's only three. No, no, no, no. There's only three and and we start getting hung up because now we want to go to four. And brother Bam said there's four death messengers and there's four life messengers. Now everybody's getting locked up, right? You know, they say there's seven church ages, but there's eight steps to the stature of a per eight levels of the to form the statue of a perfect man. And now everybody's like, "No, no, no. It's got to be three. It's got to be seven." Well, God works in numbers. But what he does do is he just gives his word. He gives truth. And numbers and types are the byproduct, right? They're not the body. They're not the frame. They're not even the truth. They're just things that project from the truth. So if you're reading in the word of God that now there's another step, you got to take that three, wherever it was, and place it correctly in the light and not try to use it to change the word. So he says then this last great step even after you've been sealed with the Holy Ghost. He's saying there's another step he says must come into the perfection. What does that look like? That the Holy Spirit has to live in that church so perfectly it'll make the head and the body unite together. What does that produce? It's the full expression of the image where he that Holy Spirit steps and moves so freely through that church to where now the bride is in the very image of the sun. The light of the bride is the light of the sun. It's that same image and that's what brother Brandham is pointing us to in a number of different places. And he says we're living in the time where this is to happen. And so as we've read from Hebrews chapter 6 verse one quite a bit I think last year uh at one point he says therefore leaving the principles of the doctrine of Christ let us go on to perfection. Paul said let this he's saying let us go on into perfection. Brother Bram saying this last great step must come into the perfection as teleotes the perfect one Christ not laying in the foundation of repentance from dead works and of faith towards God. So, if there's a if there's a perfection to step into, how are you going to step into it? Step by step. Like, you know how to eat a, you know, 2,000 lb elephant, right? Bite by bite, one bite at a time. And that's exactly how you can do it. And uh not that I've tried, but it is step by step. Let us go on to perfection. It has to you have to be taking affirmative steps. And so we need to take the next step in order to take that ultimate step into perfection. We can't try to we can't try to do the a giant leap, right? We can't try to uh to take this step that is so far beyond something. And and and I know we use the phrase you're wanting to say quantum leap, but a quantum leap is very very very tiny, very small, almost unmeasurable. And maybe those are the kind of steps we need to start with first. Good. Amen. It's just the small steps, the small measures. get our feet underneath us, then begin to make progress because it's step by step, stone by stone, brick by brick, God is building back up this bride and building this church of God. And so, it's step by step that we step into perfection. I think that relieves us of a lot of anxiety when we think, man, I'm far from it. Well, how am I going to get it? Step by step. Amen. I'm I'm miles away miles away from perfection. You're going to get there step by step. He made the promise to Israel, by little and little, you're going to be increased. Footsteps is possession. So there's a we have to understand this god who has a god of process and who god is a process himself it's something he just unfolds himself in the message shalom but he's using this kind of asking this question brother Brandham where do I begin where do I get begin brother Brandham says at the cross begin at the cross with him repent believe the word that's what the Bible said then follow through the rhythm of the rest of the word you say well what shall I do just keep on following the rhythm of the word. And there's there's more rhythm to this word than just repent, be baptized, and be filled with the Holy Ghost. There's more to it than justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost. That may be the the intro. That may be the first few notes. Those are the first steps you take. The first step, the next step, then you come into the baptism of the Holy Ghost. And now he says, "Now now get to stepping." Right? Now is when you can really step in harmony with the conductor. So he says, "Just keep following the rhythm of the word. If repent is the first thing in recognizing, do that. That's your first step. Put your next step where the word says on on and on and marching on with him. Amen. So this is this is kind of this is what we want to have as a rhythm within our lives is that we are all we're recognizing where we are in the plan of God for ourselves. We're not constantly revisiting our salvation. We're not always going back to these cycles of rebaptisms and going back to ask ourselves, did I do it right the first time? and do I have the Holy Ghost? And sometimes the carrot that gets dangled before us say, "Oh, no, no, no. You got to prove yourself to get the Holy Ghost." And we find ourselves in this pattern of always trying to work ourselves into those first three steps. But that's a work of grace that God does in your life. And you receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. And having received the gift of the Holy Ghost, you now have eternal life operating within you. And now that you've been filled with the Holy Ghost as you have, now you want to take the next step. Amen. And if we put it in the context of these six things that we believe are God's will for you this year, you say, "Well, what do I do now?" Then you look, you begin to look and examine your heart. Lord, what is the next step for me? Now, if you'll take your Bibles and turn to Hebrews chapter 6, I feel like I maybe I'm going painfully slow tonight. That might be a nice change of pace for some people. But Hebrews chapter 6 7 to12 I'd like to u and again tonight maybe I'm just laying out my materials. The things that I'll express tonight I'll probably keep picking back up and using over and over again as long as we're on this subject of judgment and rewards. But read this. uh now not not moving away from the next step but kind of with this idea of mine that I I want to go forward doing all that I can finding my place in the body of Christ doing what I ought to do laboring and and that key word there I think would be for me working laboring uh uh for the kingdom of God and for others begin to think now about judgment and rewards and how I think clear it is in this these statements that Paul is talking about and then even the next step that there's more to this these this just salvation for the earth which drinkketh in the rain that cometh off upon it and bringeth forth herbs. Now we can identify ourselves as being branches that should bear fruit, being a fruitful bow, living abundantly, bringing forth fruit. He says me bring forth herbs, meat for them by whom it is dressed receiveth blessing from God. So now the image of the herb plant producing what was intended being blessed by God. Now we can also see ourselves as a tree or a plant that must be fruitful. And if we're fruitful, we will be blessed by God. So he says, "But that which beareth thorns and briars is rejected and nigh into cursing whose end is to be burned." Paul is making a clear connection between those who live fruitful lives and those who live unfruitful lives or bear the fruits of wickedness or the thorns and the briars. So he says, "But beloved, we are persuaded better things of you and things that accompany salvation though we thus speak." What are the things that accompany salvation? It's the let us go on into perfection. Amen. There's there's things that accompany the salvation. I know we've labored on this quite a bit as a church. So, if this is a lot of a review, then maybe it's just uh really cheap amens for me, right? So, these better, we're persuaded better things, things that accompany salvation, though we thus speak. Now, let's zero in on this. For God is not unrighteous to forget your work and labor of love. Think about what Paul is talking about when he says, "Let us go on into perfection, not constantly laying in the foundation, but build up your house, build up, become the full the stature, uh become what God has called you to be because God will not forget your work and labor of love, which you have showed towards his name in that ye have ministered to the saints and do minister." Now that's quite a mouthful that as you minister to the saints and as you are as you as Christ came and the son of man came not to be ministered unto but to minister we likewise in the age of the son of man do not sit here wanting to be served but we express the same nature of Christ in ministering and serving that he is not he will not be forgetful. God is not unrighteous to forget your work and labor of love in that ministry. And he says, "And we desire that every one of you do show the same diligence to the full assurance of hope unto the end." That's a fancy phrase. Right? He's that everyone could take this seriously. Find their ministry, identify their capacity, fill it up, be fruitful, live 100%. Because God is mindful of everything you do and all that you labor in. We desire that all of you show the same diligence to the full assurance of hope. So show the same diligence to to live a hundfold. And he brings it back again in verse 12. That you be not slothful, but followers of them through faith and patience who through faith and patience inherit the promises. Promises that accompany salvation. Not the promise of salvation. You have salvation of the soul. But now there's more to be obtained as it relates to the fullness of salvation. And there's a greater inheritance of promises now that you are saved. Amen. And he is on the subject of judgment and rewards when he's speaking these things. And maybe this I I feel I can maybe transition in this way. These are very small small steps tonight just small pieces that Paul is identifying a very important part of God's character. And it's very critical for us to understand the nature of God as one who rewards. And I know that we it's we are often reminded that God is a judge, right? and he's gonna you're going to get it. God's going to burn your barley fields, right? You remember that one? How many how many were alive for that one? I don't know, maybe some people raising their hands. I There's these fiery sermons where it's about God's going to judge you and you know, if you don't get right with God, he's going to burn your barley because God's going to curse you. And if you don't tithe, God's going to curse you. You're going to lose your job. And the reason why you're the reason why you've got cancer is because you're living in the world. And and and all sorts of, you know, rash judgments upon people, calling it the judgments of God. And that's generally how people think of God that he rewards bad behavior. But God does because he's just a rewarder, right? And so he's going to do it either way, good or bad, in Hebrews 11:6, he says, "But without faith, it is impossible to please him. For he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him." Amen. Now, I know this has beautiful context within the framework of faith and seeking after him. But Paul identifies it in chapter 6. He's identifying it again in chapter 11 that this is an essential attribute of God. He's a rewarder. And as I was maybe just to close the loop on all the emphasis on God's judgment and God's going to burn your barley fields. If God will go to the extreme to evil, he goes to the opposite extreme for good. If he's going to give a recompense for evildoers, then he's going to give in equal measure a reward to those that do well. And so when it says God is a rewarder, it's one who pays wages. That's the that's the word that's used, one who pays wages. And a wage is something that's due for paid work. I hope you're I hope you're starting to think about this, that God is a rewarder for those that labor. So now we realize and this is maybe very very soon we'll be getting to the difference of the gift of salvation that is a free gift by grace and now that you've been saved as you have laboring and the the fruits of that labor being rewarded by God so that you are still judged according to your works. I'm not stumbling anybody. Am I? You're going to beg to God that the doorway effect works tonight because your mind has been soleied by this idea. This preacher said I'm going to be rewarded according to my works. Yes, you are. Even though you've been saved, Paul said, "We will all have to stand before the judgment seat of Christ and be judged according to our works." And all the people with the Holy Ghost begin to get nervous like, "Wait a minute, wait a minute. I thought it was over." It's an awesome thing to know that God still rewards. He is a rewarder. He's one that pays pays wages. Jesus said in John 4:36, "And he that reapeth receiveth wages." Jesus is even saying, "He that reapeth receiveth wages and gathered fruit unto life eternal." So he's obviously talking about a much greater reward than just one being out in the field receiving his just wage. We're talking about laboring for the kingdom. He that reapeth receiveth wages that both he that sweth and he that reapeth may rejoice together. The one that sws, the one that reaps, those that labor even in any level in this harvest, whatever we're doing, God is mindful of all your labors. and he's going to reward you. He's not going to reward you with more eternal life because you can't get more eternal life than eternal life. You can't be more saved than anyone else. I'm talking about a special category of people called the elect, the bride of Christ, who are elect to the new birth because only the elect uh can be quickened, have something inside of them that can baptize them into the body of Christ. Now that body of Christ, those believers, your reward isn't more eternal life, but God has promised you an inheritance of promises and promise to be a rewarder and to pay you wages for all your labor. Amen. Have a few statements I want to read from the church age book and a few scriptures on this just to again to kind of wet our appetite a little bit on this subject of judgment and rewards. And the church age book chapter three, brother Benham writes, "How beautifully the savior praises and commends his children." And reading through chapters two and chapter three of book of revelations, you'll show that God is always recognizing what's being done, good or bad, until he gets to the led church age. And he doesn't see anything good, right? Has no compliments at all. But he's he's watching and he always has a reward. He he's this is the part of the nature of God. He says, "How beautifully the Savior praises and commends his children." He takes full account of their fine spiritual attitudes and behavior. God's taken account. God recognizes. He knows that there's weakness amongst them. But as yet, he does not cry out against it. Isn't that just like the Lord? He knows how to encourage us in the right matters and discourage us in the wrong matters. God knows how to do it. Amen. And we should always do it God's way. I there's I'm sure that a lot of us can testify to this. You've been in situations where maybe you did something wrong or you were uh maybe dealing with some situation and all you wanted to see was Christ on the other end. Right? That's that's all that's all you need to see is Christ on the other end and and you know everything will be all right. That's what we want to be to other people. Is it there's a there's a right and a wrong, but then there's a right way to encourage us in the right matters and there's a right way to discourage us in the wrong matters. It's not just a matter of discouraging and encouraging. You've got to do it the way he does it. He knows how to. And he says we could all learn a good lesson right there in running the church and our families, right? Encou encouraging, discouraging in the right way. And better still, we could all learn a good lesson in that God deals with each one of us in exactly this way. This way of him recognizing what you do. Baby be a little not quick to judge and to uh uh point out your weaknesses, but compliment and build up and encourage and encourage you in the right things. And then once you're in that place of solid footing, then he can start working in these other areas. It's just the way that God does things. So he says, "Don't ever be discouraged, saint of God. For God is not ungracious to forget your labors of love." That's right. Whatever we do, even giving a cup of cold water to someone has a reward and blessing from the Lord. Amen. I think that's something to take into consideration that there's no ungraciousness in God to where he's going to forget all your labor. That even a cup of cold water is worthy of a reward and blessing from the Lord. Now, a reward. So, we're talking about reward. So, judgment and rewards. A reward is something that's given or received in payment for something done. Right. So, there's a reward when I mean when when uh Elliott opens his birthday gifts, they're called birthday gifts, not birthday rewards, right? They're gifts because I mean, he hasn't really done much to get to 15. I mean, maybe if we were living in a different day and age and he'd already fought in a war or something like that, hey, maybe these are the gifts for making it to 15 of the rewards. Maybe that's what we should start having is not when you get a certain age, you don't have birthday gifts. have birthday rewards like wow you made it like my grandma's turning 101 I'm trying to find board games she can still play and and and just there's a this is a reward for long life for for being healthy and so this is a gift is something that is not merited or deserved so I'm making that distinction and I want to labor on it greater detail later but something given or received in payment for worthy behavior so I recognize what we're trying to bring into our minds right now is that there's labors that we undertake in things that we do, works in efforts and ministries and giving and sacrifices and all sorts of things that we do that God is saying, I'm going to reward you for that. Not gifts of the spirit or gifts that are given that are unmmerited or gifts that we receive because of his grace and and and separate and apart from the gift of salvation. There are rewards and blessings that are directly tied to your efforts to serve Christ. Amen. I really hope that I'm encouraging you in the right matters. Amen. I hope this inspires us a little bit. I'll use the analogy maybe at a later date, but I guarantee you that if I came up with a punch card for the first five people that get to church gets punched and then you reach platinum level and I'm going to give you an iPad, you're going to have your card punched, right? And you're going to make sure you get your points. You're going to make sure you get your miles. And you're going to make sure you put on this. You're going to make sure you get your status. And if you have to, you'll buy something extra, right? You'll drive two cars to church so you both can get your cards punched cuz bless God, this family's getting two iPads, right? It's the incentive. It's the motivation. And it would be wrong to use that in the wrong context. It would be wrong to use that wrong, in other words. But if you catch the thought of God that he's a rewarder and he's wanting you to recognize something that's part of his essential nature, he's saying, "Hey, come on. take advantage of me. It's exactly what he's doing. He says, "I've I've made this rewards program. I've put all the rules in there. I'm making opportunities available to you. Take advantage of it, bride. Please milk it." Amen. Please get everything you can out of it. Don't live below your privileges. Don't let leave anything untapped. Take everything I have available for you. Get hungry for it. Get thirsty for it. Get desirous of it. He says, "Labor for me cuz you can't exhaust my blessings." And so it's something related to what we do and labor in 2 John verse 8. Look to yourselves. This this ought to really I hope it fires something in our thinking that we lose not those things which we have wrought. So there are things that you do that you can lose. There's a work. There's things that maybe merit a blessing or things that have some work or some standing. So, he's saying you better be careful that you don't lose those things which you have labored in and worked for. Now, thank God we didn't work for our salvation because you can't lose that. But then he brings it right back to this thought of rewards, but that we receive a full reward. In other words, don't fall short of whatever your full potential is. We should strive for, as John says, a full reward, that I want to I don't want to lose the benefit of anything I've labored for. If I have a if I have a if I have a a a testimony and a labor and I've been doing things for God, I don't want to undo whatever benefits and blessings may be coming my way by getting slack or by by uh doing things that I ought to do. There's things that we want to labor in that we not lose the reward of them. And he calls it a full reward. I think that we could even pray for revelation of what those things are. In the brother Brandham writes this in chapter 7 of the church age book. He says, "And they shall walk with me." This is taking again from the remarks to the Sardisian church age. And they shall walk with me. That is what God says he will bestow upon them for this upright walk. That is part of their inheritance that he's reserved for them. So there's this inherit, you know, the the promises that we're to inherit. And he says if they were willing to walk with him through the toils and snares of life and be honor an honor to him, he was going to reward them. He is not forgetful. Now this turns away from the sardans specifically and now to all of us generally. He is not forgetful of our labor of love. Read this together. God will always recompense us for our efforts to please him. God will always give you a reward. Thank God for even our efforts to please him. God will always reward us. Recompenses recompense pay us for our efforts to please him. There are so there's this to me these are the these are fundamental things to this subject of judgment and rewards. And I want you to recognize that it's the it's at the fabric of the message that God has a heart to pay you. Amen. to pay you back the for the things that you labor in that and it's it's complete through the scripture where God is going to give back in anything you give. He says, "Draw none to me, I'll draw none unto you." That's just in the nature of God, the giving nature of God, he will always recompense us for our efforts to please him. So, as we are laboring for him, we're building up a a a storehouse of things that God wants to give back to us. Amen. And Jesus says in Matthew chapter 6 19 and 20, "Lay not up for yourselves treasures upon earth, where moth and rust doth corrupt, and where thieves break through and steal, but lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven." I believe the the message lyric is sending up timber. Lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt and where thieves do not break through nor steal. How is it I can lay up treasures in heaven? How is it that I can be actively depositing a treasure in heaven? I know we touched on it recently how that uh where our heart is there where your treasure be also. And so there's this connection of things that you pursue and things that you value. It becomes your treasure becomes where your heart is. And so we're to lay up for ourselves treasures in heaven to seek ye first the kingdom of God. That there's there's value in that. And that if we are pursuing the things of God here on earth that there's some there's something that God will pay us back that's commisserate to our labor. Amen. That there's an interest being earned there. There's there's a treasure being stored up. And God is reckoning everything you do in your labor for the kingdom. He's not forgetful of our labor of love. He will always recompense us for our efforts to please him. That every effort to please him has registered in heaven. and that you've stored up a blessing. You've stored up some reward. You've stored up something that God one day wants to open up out for you. Amen. Brother Brandham says it this way in chapter five of the church age book. For each message, you can see this through book of revelation. Each message to each age holds out an incentive to the believer encouraging him to be an overcomer and thereby rewarded of the Lord. So these aren't dirty words. Incentive. God giving you an incentive, laboring for the reward, thinking about the the laying up treasures in heaven. It's not wrong to think about that in the right way. And I'll take one last statement from chapter 4 of the church age book. He says, "Since not even a cup of cold water given in the name of the Lord fails to receive a reward, how great shall be the reward to him who gives his life as a martyr for the name of the Lord Jesus." Perhaps we can get a small idea if we compare this crown with the crown won in a race. 1 Corinthians 9:24, Paul says, "Know ye not that they which run in a race run all, but one receiveth the prize. So run that you may obtain." A crown given to the winner of the Olympic race was a garland of olive branches. But the crown spoken of here in the revelation given to a martyr is the crown of royalty. Jesus calls it the crown of life. The one crown is for those who have striven. The other is for those who have given. Both crowns are incorruptible. They will not perish. These crowns that are being given out. What a beautiful picture. The winners of the worldly race of life will soon lose the joy of the plottits of the world. Their glory will fail. I'm closing. So think about this. I'm not joking. Promise. There's some skeptics amongst us. But those who give their lives for God either by daily striving or shedding their blood as the crowning sacrifice of their lives will be given the crown of life. All too little time is spent on laboring for the eternal rewards of God. That's pretty plain English. We spend too little time laboring for God's rewards. Amen. We will spend all our time laboring for the milestones of this world, the achievements, the the the badges and and the levels and everything that we can do, whether it be in the games that we we play so that we can get the the crates. Is that it? chest. Chest. See, they don't think they don't think I know this, but you try and you labor to get the chest. I should probably write it down so I don't forget it. And so you could get to the next level, right? And you could you could get the the next badge and you could have the new the new suit of armor or something. We labor for those things. And I'm not just talking about our teenagers. I'm talking about adults, too. They do it so they get enough fuel points. They do it so they get enough status and they get early leads on deals and they can shop early at certain places. There's a lot of things we do so we can be in the top 1% of all the for that of that artist listening audience on Spotify. I got a personal message from Michael W. Smith this year. I was in his top 1% thanks to his Christmas album, right? And we want to have those levels and we want to have those achievements and we want to we want to be recognized. And brother Brandham is hitting the nail on the head. All too little time is spent laboring for the eternal rewards of God. And we need to be awakened to this concept that God is a rewarder and he has a reward program that we ought to daily be laboring in because I'm telling you it's the best one there is. Maybe I should get the points guy to do a blog post on it. This is the best rewards program. This dollar for dollar, mile for mile, point for point. This is the best program there is. All too little time is spent on laboring for the eternal rewards of God. He says the recompense of God is too lightly esteemed. Let us not be guilty anymore of lightly esteeming the wages of God, the payments of God, the rewards of God. Oh, it's one thing to be afraid of his judgments and to be afraid that he's going to judge us, but let us not be slack in desirous of his rewards. In the same amount that you would want to avoid any judgment that would come your way, we ought to be desirous that we would be judged worthy of a reward and that we would not lightly esteem the judgments of God and the rewards of God. If we believe in the reality of the resurrection of the body and an eternal kingdom of substance, then we ought to lay up in heaven those good treasures that are available to the faithful saints. There are good treasures available to us. There are rewards that we can be earning on a daily basis. And you say, "Well, is there a reward for this? Is there a reward for that?" Why don't you start reading the terms? Dig into it. Find out what you got. because we spend too little time laboring for the eternal rewards of God. And we ought to lay up in heaven those good treasures that are available to the faithful sta saints. Praise the Lord. I'm done. Let's stand.
