################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-03-05 - Judgment and Rewards Part Eight (Losing Crowns) - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-03-05
Title:   Judgment and Rewards Part Eight (Losing Crowns)
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=auVoCxapMBw
========================================

Description:
Judgment and Rewards Part Eight 
Losing Crowns
Sunday Service: March 5, 2023
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
We are continuing on the subject of judgment and rewards. This is our eighth service on the subject. And today on the title of losing crowns, if you could just look with me on this verse 26, I want to do this at the outset and then I'm going to back up and go over a few things from last Sunday and Wednesday or maybe more from Wednesday. But notice it says,"For I say unto you that unto everyone which hath shall be given, and from him that hath not, even that he hath shall be taken away from him." And it's kind of hearkening back to verse 24. Take from him the pound. And the one that had the one pound and give it to him that hath 10 pounds. And there's a kind of an objection to this. And it's everyone that hath gained shall be given, and from him who hath not gained shall be taken away. And so it's not just he that hath because it's it's the gain that is being looked at. Take from him uh which hath not gained. Take what was given to him and give it to the one who has gained. So what I want you to recognize as Christ tells this parable and we amplified it to a much greater degree last Sunday. We'll revisit it towards the end of the service today that the um servant, this one who was given the pound and did nothing with it had something taken away from him. So, kind of the idea that I want you to consider is that he loses something. Uh, this is something that was entrusted to him that's taken away and now there's this moment when they appear before the master and he's going to make him give an account of what they've done with what they were given. And so, here's different ones holding different measures and there's a reward for this one, there's a reward for this one. And then he gets to this one who only has what he's been given. There's nothing been gained and he says, "You're losing something and it's going to be given to someone else." And that's kind of a striking image. uh that is presented to us. And so that's where I I I'm using this thought under judgment and rewards, losing crowns because we can equate rewards to crowns and how there's something to be lost. Now, if you could turn in your Bibles to 1 Corinthians chapter 3, I'd like to read through these verses again. I can't remember which service we use these in, but I'd like to bring them up before you again here quickly. says, "Now if any man build upon this foundation, the foundation is Jesus Christ individually. It's our own experience in Christ which is laid by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Now if any man build upon this foundation, gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubble, every man's work shall be made manifest for the day shall declare it." We could refer to the judgment seat of Christ in this because it shall be revealed by fire and the fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is. We know that every man will have to stand before God and the bride themselves will also stand uh to answer for their work. And then it says if any man's work abide which he hath built there upon he shall receive a reward. That would be the gold, the silver, the precious stones built upon the foundation. So if his work remains, there's gain to him. It survives. And then he's going to receive a reward for that. But then the opposite is if any man's work shall be burned, that wood, hay, and stubble, consumed by the fire, examined in the light of God's word, if that doesn't survive, he says he shall suffer loss. And I know that seems kind of staggering because you think, "Oh, you mean someone can stand there and have the foundation of Jesus Christ and then stand before the the judgment seat of Christ and then if he has not built upon it and it's wood, hay, and stubble and it gets burned up, he's going to lose his salvation." He says, "No, he shall suffer loss, but he himself shall be saved, yet so as by fire." And so, there's something to be said about purification and weaning out and tearing away anything that doesn't reflect the glory of Christ. And anything that you added to that was wood, hay, and stubble, your own opinions, your own selfish works, whatever it may be, that's not going to remain. So, thankfully, the only thing that would remain is anything that merits a reward. So, therefore, there's no need to punish, right? But there's still a loss that's implied here. So it shall suffer a loss. It's translated that very word is translated in Luke when Jesus is speaking to be cast away. So there's there's some sense of loss or something being restrained. And what we I think we touched on before that when you shall suffer loss in the context, there's going to forfeit a special reward. There's going to be something uh that they when it says they shall suffer loss, it's a the loss of some peculiar degree of honor, the loss of some degree of praise. had you done a job well done, there would have been like you did a great job, right? And so it's kind of like uh when somebody my grandpa taught me this years ago, and you could write this down if you want to use it. He taught me this years ago that if anyone if a woman ever shows you her engagement ring, look at it and say, "hm, nice setting." And uh and and it's supposed to kind of like just be one of those non-compliments, right? It's like nice setting. Like what about the size of the diamond or what about the clarity? you just say, "Oh, nice setting." And it's like, in other words, you just didn't really have anything good to say. And so, probably don't say anything at all. Right? Because now, you know, sister engaged and she shows me, you know, I don't think I said that to sister Maddie, so I think I'm in the clear. Um, you know, there's something about withholding praise. Like, I'm not going to say anything. And then God also is going to praise. There's a praise. There's a degree of honor and glory and praise that is given to the individual. And that's different than saying, "Good job. Enter into the go the the joy of thy Lord." And and job well done. Enter into the joy of thy Lord. To where there could be more ausive praise where the Bible says here, "You shall receive a reward, but then there's something that's lost." And brother Brad makes this statement. I want you to key in on the title of this sermon, hear ye him. And I believe it's in this sermon here ye Him that uh or that that title I can't remember now if he preached that one more than uh Jesus Christ the same yesterday today and forever but here ye him is one of those sermons he preached extensively was even noticing where he preached the same exact sermon in Phoenix like two years apart so it was something that uh he just he was feeling led and impressed to continue to preach on a regular basis across the country and in that sermon here you him he says in Christian you're going to be responsible before before God, after you've accepted Christ as your savior for your life, God is going to hold you accountable. So think about that how he says that after you are saved, after you've accepted Christ as your savior, after, if I could put it this way, after you've been filled with the Holy Ghost, God is going to hold you responsible for your life, for how you built what is built upon that foundation of salvation. And he says God is going to hold you accountable. Now, you'll find uh this morning as we go forward in this subject that these concepts um are going to be very familiar to you if you've been following us through these last several services. And the concepts are building from service to service. All the scriptures, all the quotations, pulling from different places in the Bible and the message of the hour, they're all they're all kind of uh connecting together. They're all tying in. And we don't have time uh to go back to part one and tie it in or part two and tie it in. But you'll find there's a lot of same scriptures being used, but I I want you to see how they're just being woven together even more tightly. And and I'd like to say this not to qualify it in any way, but each principle supports the other. And so, as we're speaking on the subject of judgment and rewards, I really believe that each one of these uh principles are best considered within the context of kind of the whole point. like there's this there's this general idea I'm wanting you guys to recognize about God rewarding you for faithful service and then all these other scriptures and quotations that we're using how they kind of tie in together to support um that subject this whole subject and so each one of these principles I believe kind of it benefits from the other as we look at this and and I say this to create positive anticipation but today uh we're going to approach a very difficult subject of adoption and the also with respect to that a hard to grasp aspect of losing rewards. And that's why we've titled it losing crowns. And I know even in some of the fellowship that I've had over the last few weeks that um this whole idea of standing before the judgment seat of Christ and having in any sense of shame or loss is difficult to grasp and we don't necessarily need to understand it completely, try to figure it all out in its types and its allegorories and how it'll unfold. But we can certainly see that there is some loss that is suffered as the Bible refers to it. We'll kind of touch on it more today. And with respect to the subject of adoption and maybe it's more so to the losing rewards, how maybe it's a little ambiguous and not clear, but there's a lot of confusion uh a lot of unnecessary complications and maybe even paradoxes um that can be resolved. I believe that can be resolved by understanding the concept of rewards. A paradox in the word of God. I believe any paradox that is a godly paradox uh that brother Bram says is kind of it's doesn't seem true but it's true or hard to believe it's diff impossible but it's true they're going to be resolved to be true at some point like there's no uh false paradoxes in the word of God and so I believe that there's some of these paradoxes we see with some teachings that could when you see the concept of rewards and judgment for future rewards and you see it off in the future it can just make something turn just enough to say oh well I get did it. That makes sense. I see that that that gives the proper weight to these things that brother Brandham said or it gives a greater understanding of what the scriptures are driving at. And so, as you've done so already in this laborious intro, I I I want to encourage you uh to give this service your undivided attention. And we're not asking for a lot of time uh today. Uh even though we may take a lot of time, we're not asking for it. Uh we don't hope to uh belabor anything, but I believe today we're covering very important ground that as things have been building and maybe you're putting pieces in different places, you're like, "Wow, I just want to see the picture come together." I believe today is just one more uh something laid on top of this to really encourage us to a greater level and help us with this subject. Now, so if you could just uh be very focused, I would even encourage uh some of our young people and the children that kind of sit up at the front. Let's not be in the habit of getting up and leaving frequently. Um, you'll have a chance when you're dismissed uh to take care of certain matters. I tell you what, if I go on a bathroom break, you can. Does that work? Deal. Now, re just to review real quick on Wednesday night on character development. Uh, we took character development and saw how it's connected to our eternal rewards that we receive in heaven. And so, at the judgment seat of Christ, we will receive crowns. That's a reward of glory, a reward of honor, a reward of reward of praise. We saw that last Sunday. And it's based upon how we labored in Christ while we're here on earth. And that's uh somewhat reflective of our character. What did we do with God? What God gave us. And we see this theme that character, your character is going to determine what you do with what you're given. And since it's your character that's demonstrated uh in your conduct, God then wants to develop character uh as you conduct yourself. And as we're looking at those themes, brother Bram says God's will for us is perfection. That and that perfection is patience, waiting on God and waiting for God. He says this is the process of character development. And this character development, this process of character development, we notice that there was a direct connection between our character, which can be our conduct, our attitude, things we say or do, and our reward. A direct connection between our character and our crowns. And so these are just review points from Wednesday. So as we conduct ourselves in life, we could even generalize it this way that what you do is either going to merit correction or it merits a reward. If I do something wrong as a child of God, I can expect to be corrected. If I do something right, um there is a there is a reward that is promised. I know that's oversimplistic maybe in some ways, but our conduct and our character is either fitting for reward or it's fitting for correction. And God corrects us because as brother Bradom said, his will for us is perfection. He wants us to come to perfection. God does not want you to fall short of any promise. God wants us to come to perfection. And and and so in this idea of perfection, I wanted to touch on Hebrews chapter 5 really quick because this perfection that God wants for you is not sinlessness, but it has to do with our character. Because if what God required of you was perfection and that you had never sinned, guess what? Not going to do it, right? It's too late. I I I was born I was born the wrong way. I I I I I sinned throughout my life and and there's there's just mistakes that were made. So when it comes to the kind of sinless perfection that sometimes we think about, it's too late for that. And in Hebrews 5:es 8 and 9, it says, "Though he were a son," speaking of Jesus Christ, "Yet learned he obedience by the things which he suffered." Quite a quite a staggering statement. Brother Abraham says, "In plain language, the very character of Jesus was perfected through suffering. And he has left a measuring of suffering measure of suffering for us that we in suffering according to the will of God might be brought to a place of perfection." He says, "And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him." So when it says he learned obedience, it speaks of an increase of one's knowledge by practice to be informed. So the Bible says he increased in wisdom and in stature and in favor with God and man. This is something that built up something that increased. And it's saying here that he learned by obedience and by learning by obedience with the thing through the things which he suffered. He was made perfect. That means to carry through completely to accomplish something means to finish or bring to an end. So it says being made perfect. He was made complete. He was brought to an end. He finished his work. And so looking at this, I believe very quickly if we just look at it and consider what's being expressed by Paul, perfection is not sinlessness because Christ knew no sin. He committed no sin. He was not born in sin. He completely avoided any stain of sin in that regards. And so having lived a sinless life by action in thought and action in deed, it was not sinlessness that's c is the subject of being made perfect. But he became and was brought to completion. He although he was sinless, he could still become perfect. So our perfection isn't to try to go back and erase our history and to somehow lead a perfect life, but our perfection is going to be ultimately brought to a finish, brought to a completion. And so his character was made perfect. Something about his mission, his purpose, and who he was, and his his duty to express it was a perfect expression. And a lot of this I could say can go down the channel of having the right kind of heart. And so the Bible says although he were though he were a son as we're kind of breaking these parts down. Although he was a son uh he learned obedience by the things which he suffered. Though he was the son of God, he is now in the similitude of sons of men and a son of man in that he learned obedience by the things which he suffered. And Paul uses a language that that draws into view the process of maturity. It draws into the view the idea of a son being born into the family and him not just being given everything fed to him and and and just everything coming easy, but he has to go through the process of character development. And though we he were a son, he he he became perfect through obedience or he learned obedience by the things which he suffered and was brought to completion and perfection. It's that it's the idea of character development and it brings into view and I and I hope you can focus if I'm stumbling in my thoughts and my words. It it'll be up to your your perseverance this morning to want to hear from God to to work through whatever whatever part is getting in the way here to hear what God wants you to hear because he says though he were a son and the language he's using ought to us we ought to consider the role of the father in bringing his son to perfection that that God had looked out over had committed him to earthly parents had dealt with his heart and led him and guide him and showed showed him what to do and told him what to say. And so the father then has this role in developing Christ. This the role of the father's correction, the role of the father's instruction. This is what is it's it's viewed in in this statement of though he were a son. And on in Hebrews 12:7 now he's speaking to us. If ye endure chastening, God dealeth with you as with sons. For what son is he whom the father chastineth not? So we we must look at ourselves through the the image and type or even if I could say the truth and reality that we are children of God. And being children of God, we are we can draw from the natural examples in life of how that a mother and father had the responsibility of raising and rearing their child up in the way that they ought to go a and and and giving them a law of the mother and the the the rule of the father. And there's things that ought to be impressed upon them. And so whatever those dynamics are in their purity and their right form, he's saying that we God deals with us as sons. A son to a Hebrew is a builder of the family name, the one that stands uh to come into the perfect image of the father. And so God deals with you as with sons. And brother Rand takes these words chastening and rebuke and even from Revelation, as many as I love, I rebuke and chasen and drawing from the proverbs. To rebuke is to reprove. To reprove is to expose with the view to correction. So if you expose with the view to laugh, if you expose with a view to mock, if you expose with a view to put down, if you expose with a view to make yourself look better, wrong idea. But God will only expose something because he wants to address something and he wants to correct something. Cha chasen does not mean to punish. So our rebuke and our chastening is not punitive. It's not just to make us look shameful, but it means to discipline because the subject's amendment is in mind. Your improvement is God's purpose. When he rebukes you, your improvement and your correcting your behavior so that you can improve is God's goal and objective when he uh when he disciplines you. He wants you to be better by it, not worse. And so these are important principles carried over from character development. And so we can recognize by scripture that we are sons and daughters of God. That having been born again by his spirit, it puts us in line and in relationship as children of God. And the Bible then uses this language in a lot of different places to support that. And as children, we stand in line to receive an inheritance. And in Romans 8:1 17 it says, "And if children, then heirs." An heir is one who inherits or has the right of inheritance in the property of another. An heir is someone who has either inherited or stands to receive the property of someone else. I know there's a lot maybe legally that goes into that and a lot assumed in it. An heir even in the New Testament is used of one who has acquired or obtained a portion that is allotted to him. It speaks of an heir gets an inheritance. That's what is thought here. And of children, then heirs, heirs of God and joint heirs with Christ. So we stand to receive an inheritance jointly with Christ. that ought to bring a pretty vast inheritance into view. Then he offers this qualifying language. If so be that we suffer with him, that we may also be glorified, we may be also glorified together. This is the process of character development. That if you stand to be an heir, just as a father would take interest in his son and God dealeth with you as sons and he chasens and he reproves and he disciplines and he rebukes not just to shame you but to correct you and to improve you. Why? Because you are an heir. And he takes interest in what he stands to give you. And he realizes this is my opportunity to train them in order to receive what I'm going to give them. Are you with me? All right. It it just it feels wonderful up here. So, I hope you feel at least half as good as I do. And I know we're feeling awesome. in Galatians chapter 4 and I think this is a logical place to go now this I'm going to I want to be very very careful in these parts here um because these are very significant scriptures Galatians chapter 4 we'll read to verse 7 I may have misnumbered the slides there on the the first one but Galatians 4:es 1-7 it says now I say that The heir, we're going to go to verse seven. Now, I say that the heir, as long as he is a child, differth nothing from a servant, though he be lord of all. So, this heir is appointed by the father to receive an inheritance. So, the heir is one who stands uh to inherit or has the right of inheritance in the property of another. So, an heir and it refers to one who's going to inherit something. He says as long as he is a child differth nothing from a servant. So, a child is one who's unskilled or untaught, someone who's underage. So, Paul is he's referring to things just so matter of fact that you have to assume that the Galatians knew what he was talking about, right? That he's using a language that they must have been like, "Hey, good point, Paul. Hadn't thought about that." And we're over there going, "Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait, wait, more, more, one more. Kind of get Can you give me more?" Uh, but he's just kind of giving them, you know, you've been taught this, you understand this. Just kind of refers. There's a lot of rich tradition within uh Rome, the Roman hierarchy. There's a lot of things in the Old Testament or just amongst the Jews. Um a lot of laws and rules that govern these things. So I think there was just something they thought of that this heir, this one who stood to receive the father's inheritance, as long as he's underage or unskilled or untaught because there was law, the Roman law and even um Jewish laws that determined that at this age you stand to receive the inheritance. But if you're not mature enough, it's going to go to this age. And if you're not mature enough, it's going to go to this age. Even to one place I found where it could go all the way up to where you're 35 before you could receive things. And even as young as 13. And so there was some sort of it wasn't just, oh, guess what? You turned 13, Preston. You get everything. But it was like, hey, you know, if you're not ready yet, then there's things that you can't enjoy and privileges you can't uh uh receive. You all are pulling so well. I feel awesome because these are things that you just don't know how much you can share in this. and you're just pulling it out. So now he says that he differs nothing from a servant. He doesn't have the full liberty to use and to enjoy his inheritance. So the father the heir then is somewhat an heir has to be associated with an inheritance. So there's some uh uh there's something there that is seen and observed and say, "Wow, this is this this is mine or this is going to be mine." But he's no different than a servant because he can't fully enjoy and use this just like servants can't because the Bible says though he be lord of all, though he be an owner by title and right, but he's not in full possession. Right? Technically, it's his. And and he stands to receive it. And in some ways, it's like, "Son, this is yours. Son, this is yours. Son, this is yours." But he cannot fully enjoy it and be in full possession of it and have ownership of it because he's either underage or the idea would be more maturity. He's not skilled or taught. So Paul brings that image up in our minds. He says, "But verse two is under the t under tutors and governors until the time appointed of the father." So these are governors of the person. There's a tutor that governs the person, his character, his thoughts, his his his mannerisms. I I'm I'm raising up the person. And then there's also governors. It kind of refers to even a different aspect. These would be stewards of the inheritance. Right. And so you have one who's training the child, one that's over looking over looking out after the estate or the inheritance until the time appointed of the father until the inheritance can be fully formally, if I can say that way, possessed or another way that brother Brennan refers to it, legally possessed, legal possession. So God, Paul is referring to this process both in Roman law and Jewish law and other laws to where a son may be an heir to everything the father had. But wisdom dictated don't just give it to him. Put it in trust and have someone train the child and have someone even if necessary manage his estate until he's old enough to take over it until a time appointed of the father. And that time appointed the father is is something within the discretion of the father. Man, this is good. I'm I'm talking about the scripture, not the water. This is just just this is just Walmart, you know. Give me a squiggly. Uh those who worked at Walmart know what I'm talking about. Verse three, even so we when we were children, verse three, we were in bondage under the elements of the world. So now he's wanting it wanting them to consider this Roman law. this uh estate law and these different things that related to it, laws of inheritance. He wants us now to begin to think about it, the Jews to think about the Galatian believers who were Jews to think about it. Even so, we when we were children were in bondage under the elements of the world. But when the fullness of time was come, the time appointed of the father, God sent forth his son. So now notice the parallel language he's using, made of a woman, made under the law. And and this isn't just verse one of his letter. You can catch the whole read the whole book of Galatians. It's not hard to read. He's drawing from so much for them to consider what their what the rebuke is to them and how they ought to not mix Judaism with Christianity made under the law to redeem them that were under the law that we might receive the adoption of sons. There's a lot lot here that we've already covered so much. So the fullness of time we touched on this I think last year. This is the end of a dispensation. The fullness of time doesn't mean the end of time or the end of the world, but it was the end of the the the condition of the Jewish church state, the church state relationship there in Israel. And it was the end of that church state and the law. It was the end of the Jewish church ages. There was this dispensation where God would call a people by his name. He would give them a promised land. He would put them in that land and then he would raise up a seed of Abraham who would be the seed of Abraham and that would be Christ. And so this this is the time that the prophet spoke about. This was the time that God intended the law to reach, but the law would reach no further. So it was Paul is saying that we might receive the adoptions of sons. There was something that they were to do. But the Bible says in Romans that Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to everyone that believeth. That's the fullness of time Paul is talking about. He's the end of the law, the end of that dispensation. And so the Jews, this is I think it's important to consider what this meant to a Jew. Jews were trained under the law to be placed as witnesses of the Messiah when he came. Right? When you look at the Old Testament, God is raising up a people, trying to train them under prophets, train them under the law, so that when the Messiah would come, there'd be this nation that's already positionally placed in the promised land that would be witnesses of the Messiah. And Paul is looking is saying, that's why he says in Romans 9, to whom pertainth the adoption, there's an adoption for the Jews. There's an adoption for the Jewish church. Adoption for those Jews that were called under the wall that when Christ came that they are they were appointed to be witnesses of the Messiah were placed in the promised land with the Messiah. And they ought to have rejoiced and they ought to have announced this is the Messiah. But they didn't come to their placing. If I could say they missed their adoption and now but there are those who didn't. And so Paul is now looking at the Galatian Jews who have received Christ and he's challenged them not to go back into bondage again under the law, but to recognize that and this is important principle if you just want to kind of jot this down on the side. When the Messiah come, Christ came to call the Jews into a a a spiritual promised land. Right? There was that was an exodus. They had left Egypt to go to a natural land. Now Christ comes and now this entry into by Christ is a placing for them because that's the exodus. Now we have a different one now, right? We're in a different kind of Exodus. So it's important to recognize the difference of what adoption would mean to a Jew and what adoption would mean to a Gentile. And so to the Galatian Jews who had received the Holy Spirit, verse six says, "And because you are sons, God sent forth the spirit of his son into your hearts crying, Aba Father." Amen. Paul wants to maintain the symmetry of the image of how a son is an heir and is trained by the father to receive all that the father has. How that the Jews themselves were children under the law. And he's wanting to be claim this law, this law. But he's saying now you're not under the law, but God has sent his spirit into your hearts whereby you cry my father or father, father. Wherefore thou art no more a servant but a son. So you're no longer in bondage to the elements of this world. You're no longer just an earthly creature. You're not in bondage in bondage of the law. Christ is the end of the law, but now a son. And he reintroduces the principle, if a son, than an heir of God through Christ. I believe we can look at these scriptures and see that based upon what Paul is saying and how he transitions that from the adoption of the Jewish church, there emerges a pattern or type for the gentile bride, for the gentile dispensation rather, might be a better way of putting it. And Paul says, "Now he had sent the Holy Spirit into your heart, which the Holy Spirit we know is a tutor and a governor as brother Brandon placed it, who is going to train and to mature and to develop the Christ, the gentile church. That that's that's he's sending these gifts to men and he's nurturing and he's edifying." And so now we have the same image. You're not when you're born again, you're not born in the full stature. God trains you and raises you and develops you. And there's a process of character development in type. We can see that type of that thing happening in the church ages or to the church. So now, and I hope I'm being very succinct in the way that I'm saying this so that we don't let our minds necessarily wonder and try to figure everything out. But you know, if you can just find truth, you know that it fits with truth, right? You know that it's that truth has to fit with truth. Truth doesn't contradict truth. And so sometimes instead of to try just to eat the whole thing at once, you know, just eat what you've got. And and I can't see the forest for the trees. Well, you know, just enjoy the trees until you can see uh you can see the whole forest. And so in the pattern of the law of adoption in the Old Testament, there's a phrase, the law of adoption, which this this I may say it this way, the brother Brandham taught and often referred to the law of adoption. And Paul and he uses this scripture that this Holy Spirit that's been sent into the individual's life or the Holy Spirit that's been put into the church is a pattern of the law of adoption that Paul is referring to in Galatians 4 and even in pattern of what God did with the Jewish the Jewish nation and what they stood to receive and how they rejected it. Are you following me? Awesome. The law of adoption. I'm going to try to summarize this um without getting lost in the subject. Um there's there's so much in it, so many scriptures, so many things that could be uh drawn from it that uh you I could just we could just preach from on this just this aspect alone uh just without stopping. There's so much in it. But the law of adoption is essentially if I could summarize it this way and I want to be very strict in the way that I describe this. So I'm staying faithful the way brother Brandham taught it and the way the scriptures are alluding to it. A son is born in the family by natural birth. He's born into the family. And as a son in the family, he has all rights and privileges that a son would have in the family. But since the son stood or that son stood to become uh to uh he's an heir and he stood to be an heir to stood to receive his own legal possession of the estate or a portion of the estate or in some instances all that the father had. So a son is a son by birth and he's born into a family with all rights and privileges associated with that name and with the reputation of the family. um he's not a he's not a slave. He's not a servant. He he's not without privileges or rights or even authority because he's a son in the family. But in light of the fact that one day his father's name is essentially going to be his name is going to be the same as the father's name because he's the builder of the family name. And just as generations pass and another one takes over, his days coming. So he stood to receive as legal possession all that the father accumulates and gathers through his lifetime. And so the father knowing that he would take what he gained and pass it to his son just as his father took what he gained and pass it to him. The father would invest in training this child and developing this child a and take an interest out of love for this son so that he could be in a position to take over when the time was right. He wouldn't just say, "Well, I'm not going to have a thought about you till I'm gone." Or, "When I'm gone, I'm not going to have a thought about you. You just deal with it when I leave." he would take an interest in the one kind of brother Jack referred to how the the the lack of a succession plan isn't so much uh you know uh having a plan of succession but it's not loving enough to care for the one uh for what you are ruling over presently. You don't love it enough nor do you love the one who's going to take over enough to see that that you keep what you have and that the one who's going to receive what you've kept is in a position to even do better than you did. I think that's the real heart that a person should have. If the Lord should tar, I would that every single one of my sons far excel me in everything except gaining weight that that I I I hope Elliott is at least 6'3. Uh you know, I'd love it if Preston uh if God called him to the ministry and different and I I believe that they're I hope that they're way better than I ever was. That way I can say I raised him, right? And then somehow maybe I get the credit for it, right? Still selfish. No. Um, so the father would take an investment in this child. And so adoption, one thing to think about with adoption is there's kind of in a way we could just think adoption is like, well, you know, that's a very strict legal concept. It's different than so our adoption is what you take someone who is not your child wasn't born by you. You have no blood relation and you engage in a process that it that ends in adoption and that's when formally this child takes on your last name and becomes your own child and you become legal guardians of that child. That's not God's adoption at all. The child has already been born into the family. He's already a legal heir. He's already a legally a son. He's already illegally a son. Everything in there just fits. Adoption refers to a process and timing of the legal transfer of power or estate or ownership. The pro the process of passing over the the full inheritance. And so in practice it can be graduated. In practice it could this the timing could be much different based upon what we referred to before. Oh, I got it. I was 20. I'm still waiting for it and I'm 33. Right? There's just some things that change based upon the person and individual. But the adoption, we ought to think of a process that involves tutoring, training, uh uh um that brings a child to a place where even if it's scaled, they receive more and more authority and then ultimately full power. And so this process of adoption, I guess it's in some ways you could say that it's the fullness is achieved when the estate, brother Bam talks about kingdom or farm or a business. There are different ways of looking at it. We become the son's full legal possession. nothing lacking everything fully legally possessed and in that state uh there were certain legal words maybe brother Brandham used about equality but the son would then be the same as the father he would not just be merely acting on the father's authority as a son he would be given the privilege and a and a right to use the father's name and to act upon the father's authority and son I give you authority to manage this and I and I've given you authority and through the training and the tutoring the son could certainly rely upon the fact that his father. His name was on the marquee. His name was the on the on the business. This was his kingdom. And the fact that he was a son and an heir. He relied upon his father's character. He relied upon his father's testimony. But the idea behind adoption is there's come there's a point where the student has become as the master. And the father is like he runs it just as good as me. The servants don't need my name attached to what he wants. If if he says to do it, you got to do it because his name on the check is just as good as mine. Now, it would be one of maybe just using that type or that language, it'd be like if somebody objected to the son's authority, the father would say, "Who signed your check?" Like, "Well, you do." He's like, "Uh, look again." Your son's writing checks now. Oh, boy. Right. Or maybe what creation says is, "Yeah, yes. This is what we've been longing for." So the principle, and I know I'm belaboring this, but it's important. If the son demonstrated that he could govern like his father, he received the inheritance. Fully received the inheritance. That kind of I know you might be thinking, brother, it's overly simplistic given the numerous hours and dozens of sermons and statements brother made about it. But I think that I think it's in uh in harmony with the spirit of what brother taught. That this is the principle I want you to take from that. that a son, a child who's already a son, has the life of the father inside of him, has a father's DNA, has family relationship, has the name, is now in the process of his character being developed, not just for the sake of developing character. That's what Walt Disney does. They develop characters, but we're talking about that's the wrong kind of character if that's what you're you're wanting to have is working on your character not just for the sake of character, but in light of the fact that there's more to come. Right? So in Luke chapter 16 10-12, we use this on I think Wednesday night. He that is faithful and that which is least is faithful also in much. And he that is unjust in the least is unjust also in much. So there's this parallel principle that faithfulness begats more faithfulness. And if you do good with little, it demonstrates not just a proficiency with little and not just a a an ability with little, but a character that then is scalable. Is that a good buzz word? Or we've moved past that. Right? This is this is something that the Bible's recognizing uh ability that if you can be faithful with that, then I can trust you with more and more and more. And then if any point unfaithfulness is demonstrated, what the father would do is work with that through correction and rebuke until faithfulness is demonstrated. So you're either developing faithfulness or demonstrating faithfulness. Developing character, demonstrating character. So then this is it begs the question, if ye have not been faithful in the unrighteous mammon, who will commit to your trust the true riches? Right? If there's not a faithfulness with the things that God gives us on this side of eternity, then why is it God would grant us the true eternal riches on the other side of eternity? If I can't be faithful with things that are temporal, if I can't gain with the things that God has given me now, why would he give me more? So to the one, he gave one pound and he gained 10. He's saying if I gave him two, he'd gain 20. Right? The the the the the law, it's going to be exponential. and this increasing factor by these multiples. And then he says, "But if I gave this guy one and then I gave him two, guess what? I'm probably going to have two." Right? Because the same kind of dynamics uh and biases that work with the one are going to work with two, right? That's why some of you who who like to do certain investments and things, oh, if it only hits this price point, I'm going to sell. But then it hits it and you're kind of like, well, if it can hit that, right? And then, man, once once it starts dropping, man, I'm out. I'm going to exit this position. I'm out. And then it hits it and you're like, you know what? At this point, I might as well just hold on, you know, and I'm just going to ride this thing out, right? And so there's a lot of things that's these are biases working within your character, right? And this would be something where you got to learn to overcome these things. You got to learn better stewardship. And I tell you, brother Brandon makes some pretty incredible statements about when God gives you something and you just put it in your pocket, he says it ought to be put into circulation. So if you don't know what to do with it, this church will find something for it. But there's an idea of use your use it wisely. And he he he achieves such a beautiful balance. And for brother Brandham teaches some very incredible uh incredibly fruitful principles on investment to where we're not just going to bury it and hoard it, but we need to use it with wisdom and as far as risk determination and things like that. And so this is the idea of there's going to be more committed to you. But before you can more can be committed to you, be faithful with what you have. And if you have not been faithful in that which is another man, another's another man's, and this is where I want you to see the father, right? Because he's the one that legally owns it. You may have a right to it, but it's legally his. And it's done in such a way to where you couldn't necessarily sue for specific performance on him to give it to you because it's technically and legally not yours until he says so. So God does not owe us any reward out of debt. It's still grace. So, so if you cannot be faithful in that which is your father's, if you can't be faithful with the pound that God gave, you can't be faithful with the authority God gives the son and the the things the father is giving the son even to that prodical son who was given a portion of his state early and the how that framework would work if he comes back having wasted that. Right? There's this idea of the one who was faithful. Son, you've always been with me and you're going to inherit all of this. But this my son is still my son. He could come back with the rights and privileges of a son, but he doesn't necessarily have a full inheritance. Just just in by way of type, I know I'm kind of maybe pulling something in that we maybe need to be a little bit more strict with, but if you can't be faithful in that which is another's man, another man's, who shall give you that which is your own. That's incredible language to say that, well, if you can't be faithful with what is mine, then how are you going to be faithful when it becomes yours? If this is the attitude you had towards another man's, then how are you going to have a better attitude towards yours? And if you did, what kind of flaw in your character would that be? Right? If someone says, "Oh my goodness, brother Aaron, why are you why are you washing that brother's car that way? Why are you using a steel brush? And why are you using these harsh abrasive? Why are you using Barkeeper's Friend all over that nice paint job?" And it's like, "Ah, it's not mine." Right? And then and they show up at my house and I'm over just using a buffer. You know, I'm using all the right kind of compound. I only use meguiars, right? And everything's looking beautiful. Like, well, why are you doing it on this one? And you didn't know that. Well, this one's mine. And you all would have a right to say this guy lacks character, right? Why would he do that? Why would he treat somebody else's stuff worse than he treats his own? Wouldn't it show a lot more integrity if someone put all the effort and all the resources into and what is somebody else's even if at the detriment of their own to qualify now don't go crazy with it but it would speak of someone's character unselfishness that's the principle being expressed here so brother Brandham there's three statements from the sermons different here ye hymns one from 60 58 57 and stay with me we're definitely going into the after hour says, "And here here you him now that child in the Old Testament, he never had any inheritance." Why? He's a child. He's a son. Why? The father couldn't trust him with anything. What kind of fellow would he be? But well, he couldn't trust him. He was always a son, but he never had any inheritance. You catching what brother's saying on this law of adoption, which here him is on the subject of adoption again in the next sermon. And I know these are saying the same thing and sometimes I found where they're being say said in relation to each other. So I'd say well it's not proving a different point. It's just for emphasis that this is just not something brother Brandham said in one place says but he now when a child was born in a family he was an heir certainly as soon as he was born. So there's there it tracks the language of the scripture Romans Galatians. But he didn't have any inheritance until he was proven. This is what Jesus is saying in Luke 16. This is what Paul is saying in Galatians 4. This is what's alluded to even in Romans 8. This is something a principle that would be firm within their culture, within the laws, whether it be Romans or Jews. This would be a process that they could understand in the natural, not to create a legal structure that would bind God. Like, well, that's not how the Romans did it, so God couldn't do it that way. Or that's not how the Jews did it, so God can't do it that way, or God has to do it that way. It it doesn't you're you can't you can't take a type to bind God. You you can't use it to try to keep God from doing what what he wants to do and how he wants to do it. So, brother, but the principle and the idea is that a son is a son, but there's an inheritance to be gained. And he is saying he never had an inheritance. He never had an inheritance. Didn't receive an inheritance until he was proven. The next one in 1957, when a boy was born, that boy was his son by birth. But yet, that son did not fall heir to everything until he become of age. And the father tested his character. So it speaks of an age of maturity, a certain kind of accountability. And there had to be a as he says here, there had to be trust. In the first statement, it has to be trust. In the second statement, he has to be proven. And in third, his character's tested, right? These are these are elements to determine when a son is worthy of an inheritance. And worth is something that comes up quite a bit. So this says sons of God or he's using the example of a son who stands to receive an inheritance and won't unless he can be trusted and be proven. That trust is proven and his character's been tested. Now Paul is drawing from these similar statements, similar uh concepts when he's teaching on an adoption for in the gentile dispensation. Romans chapter 8 14-6. Now, because the term adoption can be used to refer to a placing or the process whereby a a one who is already a son becomes placed or receives legal possession. Just because the term is used that way doesn't mean it cannot be used to refer to the sinner becoming children of God by birth. Because that's a principle that's used even in songs or there's an idea that brother Brandham uses in the message of the hour to kind of show the idea that we who were aliens and we who were not of the promise and we who were not children of of the book as it were like we have now been brought out in type, we have been gone from heathens and reprobates and servants and outcasts and to whom there was no prophets given and to whom it seemed that there was no heir. The mystery of God was that we actually were Right? So in type, we now have taken been aliens and and foreigners and we've now been placed in the family in relation to royalty and we use it as a type. But when we look at the truth of it, we realize we always were his to begin with. So it's just used to bring in certain ideas and a framework to kind of understand God's love for us and how God has changed our lives. So in Romans 8:14-16, for as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. One of the most important scriptures to a believer. Don't ever let anyone take the leadership of the Holy Spirit away from you. That's one of the most important uh markers of a believer is that they can be led by the spirit. For you have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear. I think there's some symmetry there with some of the things he's saying to the Galatians and what was demonstrated under the law. But ye have received the spirit of adoption whereby we cry, "Aba, Father. The spirit bear itself beareth witness with our spirit that we are the children of God. So this is true of every son and daughter of God. They are led by the spirit of God. Or if I could say this, you have available to you the perfect leadership of the Holy Spirit. This is what we ought to yield to. We've received a spirit of adoption. So that is the Holy Spirit as there would be tutors and governors and that's the Holy Spirit is the teacher, the inside teacher. It is it is that spirit of adoption where its purpose is to bring you to perfection and to completion. And brother Brandham taught that the seal of the Holy Ghost is what births us into Christ. That's how that we're born into the family. It's that power to we say to become sons. But then it's not just the becoming. It's the expression and manifestation of it because again we could take by election. You always were a son. But there has to be a moment of birth where new life is birthed inside of you. Brother Brandham said that's when you are baptized into the body of Christ and it's by the seal of God, the baptism of the Holy Ghost. When you're filled with the Holy Ghost, you become a son in the family. And so, Brother Brandham used the law of adoption as a type of God's process. And notice the language I'm trying to use there. As a type of God's process to bring us into his image or the image of Christ. If Christ Brother even says that God adopted his own son, right? that that can be very staggering in itself and it wasn't at the Jordan River but he refers to Mount Transfiguration. So there's a tight there. There's an image that brother Brandham wants us to catch. There's something God is wanting to show in this that it relates to purpose and dispensation and ultimate calling. And so brother Brandham says that he's using this law of adoption as a type of God's process to bring us into his image as sons to grow us to train us to cultivate us. And so the Holy Spirit ought to be an inside teacher or tutor with the goal of fully placing us in our promise and fully positionally placing us in Christ. And and if we say that, oh, I I I have the Holy Ghost. It's the spirit of adoption. I I'm already positionally placed in Christ. Let's concede that. Now, manifest it. Take full possession of it. Amen. And you'll find what the process of adoption is. Because once we accept where we are, then the working out of that literal positional placing, even if it is the birth, is the process that brother Brandon uses as a type. It's the process that brother Brandon wants us to understand. You say, "Yep, you're a fully adopted son of God when you got the Holy Ghost." Now, develop it and demonstrate it. And again, that would be the process of character development. It doesn't, we don't want to invalidate anything brother Brandham said in this. So, Brother Brandham specifically said, and some of you probably already wrote it down. Your adoption is not your birth. Your adoption is your placing. And this is how Brother Brandham taught it. It's something that Brother Brandham was very uh very consistent in when he spoke on it. Now, I think this is a good foundation. And so, I want to transition just a little bit, but if you could just stay focused, you're doing tremendous wonderful job today. Tremendous kind of has with it the idea of terror or even terrific. It's like that's terrific. But um the subject of adoption now it it gives us it's a good framework what brother taught what the scriptures allude to gives us a good framework to understand judgment and rewards because I I I realize that as we've ministered on this there's there's things that have been added that have given more clarity and even some things clicking after Wednesday night. uh you know some just shared with me how that was the best sermon of all of them and think really made it click and um and that was very very encouraging to me and I always I encourage you to give feedback. I appreciate some of the brothers who are willing to fellowship on these things uh because it helps you to understand how God's dealing with somebody else's heart and because that's the goal, right? I I I'm not a professor up here who's just telling you what I've learned so I could test you on it later to find out if you've learned what I what I knew. But God's the one that's given you these things for your own edification, for your own benefit. And so testimonies sometimes to me, it's more encouraging, inspiring than the original inspiration to preach it because I'm like, whoa, that's what God was doing, right? And I'm like, man, why didn't I figure that out? That's even better than what I preached because it's not for me. It's for you. These things that God burdens me with. And so the subject of adoption and I say though it might be a little bit controversial in some ways it's a good framework to understand the bride's judgment for reward. And it is a vast subject. It is something that had brother Brandham not actually given so much emphasis to it. We might have found ourselves just kind of looking at it one way in the scripture and using a complete different vocabulary. We might have we might have used a complete different vocabul. We might not have said certain things that we do say. Even when it comes to the the wise and foolish virgins, if all we had was the Bible, we might not digest things and and dissect things in certain way and put such emphasis on things. But brother Brandham refers to it with such frequency that now we feel compelled to have a very strict legal category of wise virgin and foolish virgin and and and now on a a gradual cycle every 5 years, they're going after the oil, right? They're doing it now. And and it had it never been mentioned by brother Brandham, we might have never even talked about foolish virgin trying to get the oil. We would have just used the parable within the context of other scriptural truths. And I believe that brother Brandham used it the same way. And so we don't want to just latch on to a framework, but understand the truth that's trying to be expressed through these words that brother Brandham was using. And so it's a vast subject. I'll admit that if we try to digest it all and figure it all out, it's easy to misunderstand. I'll even admit it's even easier to mispreach or to preach wrong. Uh I would even confess that one of the I there's as far as a subject in in in groundbreaking revelation for me once I first begin to uh serve the Lord and minister and it was when I first begin to minister this subject as it begin to open up to me and it was just becoming new to me. I preach from it and I realize now does Google have a means of going back and scrubbing your your all your tapes that are floating out there somewhere because you think yeah I probably would maybe I would emphasize that or you hope that in your zeal you gave it a particular emphasis that the person themselves appreciated within the framework and the context of what brother Brandon preached because there's I think it's even easier to preach wrong and I'll say so we want to be careful with it right be very careful because I do think it's a complex subject not complicated bit complex. Now, for my title today, losing crowns, this is judgment and rewards. That was a necessary foundation. Stick with me because we could go really fast through the rest of this. Maybe that was a necessary foundation because the subject of judgment rewards through every service probably you've seen that it's raising this awareness that there's things that can be lost. Things that can be gained and therefore available to be gained and they're not possessing it. They're considered loss. And now we've labored to express this especially through the few services and we're constantly reminding you that we are always his children. We are his children. We will always be his children. We can never lose our relationship with the father. And since salvation cannot be gained or lost at the judgment seat of Christ, it begs the question, then what is right? As 2 John 8 says, look to yourselves that we lose not those things which we have wrought, but that we receive a full reward. That that speaks of losing a full reward. Losing the things that you've labored for, the things that you've wrought. You're labor and you're laboring. There's something that's the byproduct of that. And John just makes this statement. consider yourself, stay disciplined, stay fervent, and stay faithful that you don't lose your work product, and that by virtue of it, you receive a full reward. Does it not imply the loss of something? And so, we we're recognizing that there is this idea of something gained and lost that has nothing to do with our relationship to Christ, nothing to do with the condition of our soul, but has something to do with glory, honor, and praise either in a moment or for eternity. Right? the judgment seat of Christ, the day of accountability, the day of reckoning. A little bit weak on the amens there. I'm not intimidated. I've got the rest of the year to to keep hammering this home. Now, this is somewhat of a transition, but this is an important kind of fulcrum point here. Church age book chapter 4. Notice what brother Bannam says. And I I I need I needed everything I've said to this point, and now we just this is a lot of um point after point has got to connect now. And it is in this overcoming overcomers the subject. Why will this overcomer this believer escape and go into realms of eternal life and bliss because Jesus paid the a price to ransom us from sin. He filled the gap of separation and we who are far off are now made nigh by the blood and they will never come into condemnation. This is the absolute truth that cannot be tampered with. They will never be in that lake of fire. So it's almost graduating. They won't be at white throne judgment condemnation. They'll never be in that lake of fire. They can never be lost. For he will ne lose none of them. This is yours. Right? The salvation is absolutely yours. Not one of the redeemed will be anywhere except where Jesus is. Do you know why that is? I will illustrate it for you. I have a little boy, Joseph. He is a part of me no matter what happens. If I were a rich man, the worst I could do would be to disinherit him. Are you be you following tracking? Brother Bam has given us an important key. And if you go back and look at some of the statements we've read from the Smyrnian church age already, there's a lot of statements that we've already read from it that brother Bram is using the type of suffering and suffering with his character and these different things. Even in this very chapter, if I were a rich man, if I had a lot of possessions, I had an estate, the worst thing I could do is disinherit him. But there's nothing I can ever do to deny him. I can't because he is a part of me. You catching this? A son's a son. I can't deny him. Just like bride, he can't deny the bride. He says the only thing that's available is disinheritance. Right? And if you want to know how to do that legally, I can show you. Says, "Here, let's take a blood test. Let's match his blood with mine. I'll prove that Joseph is my son by a blood test by birth. By the new birth, by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. He is mine. We're his as Christ is just as Joseph was brother. He's mine. It's the blood test that shows whether you belong to God or not. So, we are his sons. We are his daughters by blood. Amen. And we will be where he is. Amen. The only thing that could happen is we just don't get a full inheritance. Revelations 3:11, watch how this builds. Behold, I come quickly. Hold fast what thou hast. What's been given to you, what you've earned, whatever it is, hold fast whatever you've got. Let no man take thy crown. Hold fast to that. You hold fast to what you have so that you you stand to gain. by what you have and hold fast to what thou hast that no man take thy crown. Again, I think the image we rec used before is it suggests that there is something to be gained and in the failure to gain it, there's loss. Brother Brandham says in the uncertain sound, he says, "Be careful. Some don't take your crown." You could lose a crown. You say it has my name on it. I mean, no matter how you look at it, you either have it now, it can be taken or you stand to receive it and it's given to somebody else. You've lost it. And I know some of the traders, you know, they can recognize traders, not like Benedict Arnold, but day traders, people that have made a lot of money on ADA, uh, they they they recognize this idea of like whenever something increases in value and then it decreases and you're like, "Oh, I've lost." Have you? Right. There certainly is a sense of it, right? If you invested at 10, it goes up to 100 and back down to 20. You feel like you've lost, right? You feel like you've lost that gain. And so I think that there's there's this idea of what you stood to gain. There's a sense of loss. You didn't get as much as you could. And too bad the IRS doesn't let us use that. Now he says f in the sermon, father, the hour has come. This was a much larger quote, but I wanted to express this principle. The time will be here soon to give out the rewards. Brother, be careful that your crown isn't set on someone else's head. The time has come. We're at the end time. If we're going to do anything, brethren, we're going to do it now. So, there's the idea of labor. If you're going to labor, you're going to get some work done. You need to do it now because the time has come and rewards going to be handed out. And if you haven't labored correctly, you haven't done your labor, you haven't finished your race, you haven't done what you're supposed to do, then be careful. If your crown isn't taken that should have been on your head, the glory, the honor, the praise, whatever that reward might be, brother Brandham identified a reward for his service. Whatever that might be, be sure that it's not given to somebody else. Says just in one place, be careful some don't take your crown here, brother. Be careful that your crown isn't set on someone else's head at the time when rewards are given out. This is why I could have so much confidence preaching this subject. It's in the message of the hour in the sermon wisdom versus faith. He says, "Now if you have eternal life today, you are in God." By God's being in you, you are God's expressed thought. Then don't listen to any reasonings lest your crown be taken and give to another. Don't take any reasonings at all. Just believe what God said is the truth and stay with it. What is he referring to? Losing crowns. Right. He's just referring to it like, "Hey, be careful. You have eternal life. It's yours. You got it. Can't take it away from you. Wouldn't want to. Couldn't if I did want to. It's yours. You're a son or daughter of God. But I can say this. Be sure you're listening to the word, growing in the word. Don't reason it out. Don't be influenced by anything else. Because what you do stand to gain or lose is what you stood to gain. Right? What you stand to lose, he says, is your crown. Look at these witnesses losing crowns. Not based upon your birth, but your character. In Galatians chapter 2, 18 and 19. I've had multiple places maybe to try to use this uh early on, but I keep I've studied at length on voluntary humility, and there's so much expressed in that. And what Paul is basing this on in verse uh the you'll find that uh you enjoying yourselves today? I'm just trying to decide whether I want to say it now or as I continue. But Paul just makes a statement and then he's building that statement through so much else. And I apologize. I know some of you are tired and you're struggling a little bit. Uh that u I understand. I I I I certainly understand these things are laborious. Even if someone more dynamic was preaching it, it's a lot of dense stuff. But Paul just says something as a matter of fact and he kind of throws it out there. But then what he uses as to support what he just said has a lot to do. It's such a much bigger subject that should be explored. So I'll just read it to you, maybe try to do it justice. Let no man begal you of your reward. Huh? Paul, could you talk about that a little bit more? No. You you know what I'm talking about. Don't let anybody steal steal your reward from you. Don't let them deceive you into conduct that invalidates what you stand to gain. Just matter of fact, what is that reward? How can I beguiled out of it? He says, "Let no man beguile you of your reward." Here's one way it happens. Because the man in a voluntary humility, are we going together right now? In a voluntary humility and worshiping of angels, this is how the man begs you out of reward. intrude into those things which he hath not seen vainly puffed up by his fleshly mind. The in other words, there's men that would begal you through their own prideful inspiration about the word of God and not the truth and reality of the word of God. Preaching things that are not revelation that they have not been shown or seen. Their vanity and their and their thinking too much of themselves has puffed them up. It's their own carnality that has allowed them to get to this point and they're not holding the head. So, this is a this is a a very clear challenge to men of God that when you minister, you're holding up the head. You're you're pointing to Jesus Christ. Because if it's not what you if it's not the revelation of Jesus Christ and it it's the the the puffed up vanity of Aaron McGaryi then there's this fain humility to to of trying to help you and then in your sincerity you p you follow after that and Paul is saying be careful because no matter how inspired that man may seem no matter how sincere you may be in following him there's a beging of your reward. Lord in doing it because they don't hold up. The head Christ from which all the body by joints and bands having nourishment ministered and knit together increasth with the increase of God. Amen. Paul is saying in very plain language, we stand to lose our reward by following wrong teaching. I know I'm somewhat of a legalist because brother man said the evidence of the Holy Ghost is when you can say amen uh to the word of God. And I know paraphrasing. He said, "How could the Holy Ghost in you ever deny his word?" So we can be very strict legalists. And so we could give somebody the word test and say, "Well, brother Bham taught this." And you're like, "Oh, I don't believe it. It's this." You say, "Whoop." Right? Just make a quick judgment about who they are and whether or not they have the Holy Ghost. And I think we ought to be very gracious and and more concerned about ourselves in those regards and judge nothing before it's time. But there is a price to pay a big gallon of your reward by allowing someone by feeding on something that's not nourishing you. There there there's a begile of reward by submitting to unfaithful leadership that has not submitted to the message of the hour that is not holding up the head which is Christ. Amen. Can anybody say amen from experience? There's a price to pay for this. I know that's strong language, but just recognize how Paul is wanting the the Colossian believer to process this. That where there's a lack of nourishment, there's a lack of increase. And where there's a lack of increase in energy to your experience, there's a lack of fruit. And fruit is what God is looking for. So, it has nothing to do with whether or not you have the Holy Ghost. It doesn't have anything to do with whether or not you've been sealed by God. Doesn't have anything to do with whether or not you're you're his son. But it has everything to do with whether or not this son is being properly tutored and child trained and matured and growing under the word of God with something faithful lifting up Christ and Christ alone. And that that's what is channeling to me the energy. I am getting the energy from the vine that allows this branch to bear fruit. And he's saying you can because of a lack of fruitfulness be beguiled out of your reward. You can lose your reward by not fulfilling your potential. Lose your reward by living below your privilege. You're a branch that should bring forth a hundfold. You're only eating out 15% and 35% still a son, you'll even get something for what you're fruitful for. But Paul is saying because you've let these things through fear or whatever it might be rob you from the proper nourishment you could get. That's why you're not a hundy, right? That's why you're not as much as you could be because you're you're not willing to submit yourself to Christ. Amen. I feel like I should preach an hour on that. Second Timothy 2:5 captures the same thought. This is losing crowns. And if a man also strive for masteries, yet he's not crowned except he strive lawfully. A man who strives for the masteries. In other words, a man who strives for the perfection in order to achieve the prize. The man who strives for the prize. A man who strives for the crown is not going to be crowned except he strive lawfully. Strive there means to endure and to speaks of contest and a and and and crown that encircling of this glory, this honor, this praise. But he must strive lawfully. Remember that's a rule or a law or a condition which produces a state approved by God. that we have to be lawful. It's not just finishing the race, but it's finishing it with praise and honor and glory. It's being able to what? Demonstrate growth of character. Amen. I don't want to just make it to a grave. I want to make it to a grave. And if I make it to a grave, I want my character that's going to go with me to be worthy of a full reward because I'm not taking anything else. I take my character with me. And it's my character that I'm going to present to Christ. And you say, "Well, what does it mean you take your character with you? Why does it even matter?" Well, it's going to be judged. My soul is perfect. What does my character look like? How was I able to yield to this powerful force? Listen, the most powerful force there is in the world is inside there is anywhere dwells inside of the redeemed son of God. And should we not just yield to it? Lord, I submit myself to your design. and I I yield myself to your process that it might produce in me a character that stands before that day and is tried by fire and it's it radiates in his glory and he's like well my faithful servant you've been you've done well with this enter more into more you know there's a thought you know your character you take your character with you and what you leave is a legacy It's what's left for others. And and and I'm afraid that that's one of the biggest problems today is too many people are living within legacies. And what they need to do is leave a legacy to follow Christ. Amen. In the sermon, here ye him. This is where this is where brother Bram's now supporting this over and over. back in the Old Testament when a father owned a big kingdom and a child was born into that kingdom. He was a son as soon as he was born. He says, "But yet that son didn't was the but yet son didn't." He's he's entering into a phrase to say something. He's a son but he's a son yet. He's a son but that son didn't. So I recognize it's a fragment. I'm keeping it in there because then he continues, "He would be heir of all the father had if his character was right." But first, his character had to be proved. Now, you ministers know where I'm going to. It's the placing of a son. Now, but his character didn't show up right. He didn't inherit anything. He was just a son. Yeah. Be careful that we don't just belittle just a son. But he is trying to show some sort of scale here. Still a son. But if his character wasn't right, recognize the emphasis. I think that's why Wednesday night was so necessary. Character development. Recognize the emphasis. If his character is not right, and here ye him, I I I'm not going to apologize this morning, but I am going to go try to go faster. When that son was born into the family, he was a son at birth, but his inheritance was not yet determined. It depended on his character. Brother Bam's teaching us something important here. So though being a son and if he was a disobedient son he would not inherit anything but still he was a son. Brother Brandham's referring to the process of adoption in the natural whether you would use Roman law or Jewish law as a type of the framework of God's process not to produce a strict legalistic doctrine that we try to apply uh formally or legally to things. He's using as a framework to see God does the same thing in type. But if he was an obedient son, he was heir to all things. So you got an obedient son on one hand, a disobedient son on the other. One both remains sons, but one inherits more. And we've been taught, this is where I'm bringing it down to where his spiritual application. We have been taught not only through Pentecostal realms, but through the holiness group and the Baptist and what more that when you're born again, we are sons of God. That's true. Yes, but that yet that goes back to his but that yet even in that other statement but that yet that's just the beginning state this statement is so huge then it's your character from then on what means the difference so you have the the life of God inside of you you are going to come up in the first resurrection you are in the family you are a son I I I just I I I tremble to trivialize that exper experience on any level. But but brother Ben Brandom teaches us shows us that though a son, you can learn something. Though a son, you can suffer something. Though a daughter, you can still grow. Though you're heir to our first resurrection that the only You say, "Well, what difference? What's going to make the difference?" The only way a difference is made is your character. And character is a not a gift. And if I gota be careful how I say it, so you just fill in the blank. If what brother B is referring to the product is I is this character is the final determining factor then we have to be looking at something that's a victory and not given as a gift. Wow. 1 Corinthians chapter 9 27. It's been a long time, maybe since in the beginning. And I know some of you are going Genesis 1. Wow. But I'm talking about like o September, October, November when the church started. It's probably been a long time since I've been gone two hours. So I got to get it out of me. First Corinthians chapter 9 27. But I keep under my body and bring it into subjection. Remember the things we've ministered on this already. Lest that by any means when I have preached to others, Paul is not all of a sudden becoming wishy-washy about his experience. Right? And he he gives his resume like nobody else. Right? Like this guy knew who he was, knew his gift, knew that he had been caught up into this realms. They'd seen visions. He's like, "Hey, you know what? I got a revelation. I got a direct direct from God. I met with the apostles. They added nothing to my understanding, by the way." Right? Like Paul wasn't kind of wishy-washy on this. But notice the reality. This is one of the things that Paul grounded Paul is he realized, I can have I can meet Jesus Christ, my Lord. I can be struck down by a pillar of fire. I could have my eyes blinded then opened again. I could be baptized and I could be filled with the Holy Ghost. And I could preach and I could win others. And I could see many souls won to the kingdom of God through my labor and through my work. But I realize that through all these gifts and talents that God has given me that have been fruitful in ministry, unless I bring my body under subjection and I buffet my own will and I keep my own ideas and my own opinions and my own vanity. If I don't keep it under subjection, if I don't suffer, this is where I was trying to amplify the meaning of suffering a little bit than just being persecuted by somebody that doesn't like you. But if I cause myself to suffer by making the sacrifices to pay my tithes when I ought to, being at church when I know I should be, making the difficult decisions when I'm raising my children, if I keep under my body and I faithfully watch out over theirs, I don't want to be somebody who's been used by God to bless others, end up myself being a cast away. Because Paul realized that as a son, he'd always be a son. And the worst thing that could happen to him is he'd be disinherited. Cast away means not approved. It's what the word means. I I I keep under my body. I suffer. I discipline myself. I labor the more because I realize that having the Holy Ghost and being gifted as I have been is just the beginning. It's my character that's going to make the difference because we've all got the blood tag at that point, right? Brother uses an example to say the blood is important, but that's the beauty of the rapture. Only those who have this blood are there. Yes, Amen. So, at that point, he's not Let's see here. Can we do a blood test? Like, yeah, I'm I'm on keto, so I've already done one just now. I'm I'm still ketosis. Like, you mean your perfect body is? Yeah, I imagine. I don't know. What if over there we need to be opposite of that? Like gaining pounds, right? Um I don't know. But could it be? It's to be displeasing. he loses something, right? My character is gonna be what makes the difference? I've got the blood. What's going to make the difference? I'm his son, but what's going to make the difference? Brother Brandham said, character is what means the difference? Paul, as we've said before, so he says that I be a castway. In other words, I'm not pleasing. And if not pleasing, I'm not deserving of a reward. He's dealt with it already in first Corinthians to great great detail. Maybe the one book and to the Corinthian church, he deals with it more than any other. Paul wasn't afraid of losing his sunship or losing his relationship or being found out to be a fraud. You know, like, oh, we we we tested you and you're actually not rapture positive. Well, what am I doing here? You know what? It just slipped through. I'm sorry. We're doing an audit on blood tests. I know you've enjoyed that glorified body for a while, but back to tribulation. It's not going to happen. Paul couldn't lose his sunship. He couldn't lose his relationship, but he didn't want to be disinherited. Brother Benham says this and hear ye him in 1960. Now if that boy was born into the home he as a son he did not become a right boy would not follow his father's instructions would not be about his father's business. I I I I I love this because I'll say I I I know that there's uh there's ways of viewing the subject of adoption maybe from a different angle that you use to encourage people who don't have the Holy Ghost to get the Holy Ghost. And and I recognize that that there could be that there's even a theme that you see where brother Brandham is trying to shake the people who think they've got it to shake them into seeking more. Right? And don't just just don't say, "Oh, you you've got it because you believe and you think you've got it." But notice that the same the the desire for more and the correctness of someone's life, it's the same thing if you just validate what their experience is supposed to do. Right. That's what Brother Brown was trying to do. Oh, you say you got the Holy Ghost. Awesome. That's great. Cuz then this is what you need to do next. Right. It it to me it has this motivating factor. He says if he was if not a right boy follow the father's instruction would not be about the father's business. That boy was always a son. But he never did have any inheritance. He says, "Did you know that?" And those who've been awake today at least say yes. Yeah, we did know that he never got any inheritance. He was just a castaway. He was always a son. And when you didn't get the Holy Ghost, he says, "And when you get the Holy Ghost, you're God's son or God's daughter. That's true enough. But if you don't obey God, walk in the light, walk in the word, believe God, then you won't have an inheritance." Well, that's just exactly the way God does it yet. Amen. In other words, he loses something. I use the phrase losing crowns because it's a figure, a speech. It's a It's a noun. something that's used in the scripture. But can we just say something is lost, right? And brother Brandham says he was just a cast away. That's exactly what Paul was afraid of to be a castaway. Brother Brandham even uses the exact language in Abraham and his seat after him. How can he ever get that son anything? You know what happens to that son? He's always a son. So you see it's the same subject. Sure. Yes, sir. But he has no inheritance. Paul said, "Lest I preach the gospel and be a cast away myself." He doesn't come into inheritance. This is what Paul's referring to. Castaway means you're not tossed off the gospel ship. It doesn't mean that you're no longer a son. This is the language that Paul is using in light of what he just so casually references. Be careful no man begs of your reward by doing this, this, this, and this. This is what he's talking about. The grace that is expressed in this. And I believe I know that again as I met referenced before I know there's like this danger line where some people can just take these things and use it as an excuse for all sorts of disobedience and lack of faithfulness and the reason why they don't do this and the reason why they don't do that. They just say, "Oh, well, I just haven't been adopted yet." All right, you're going to use whatever excuse you can, right? You're going to blame COVID brain. You're going to say, "Thanks, Obama." Whatever it might be, you're going to have your excuses. We get it. And so, I'm not going to change the word of God to fight with your excuses. I I am now pleading the fifth with my children when they start asking me questions. I'm like, I don't have to answer that question. And they say, 'Why not? And I go, I don't have to answer that question either. Right. And and why don't you answer that question? Nor do I want to answer that question. Right. And then they're like, man, I just wish you would answer my question. And I'm like, which one? Right? And that's what the devil does to us sometimes. Throws a bunch of stuff out there and muddies everything up and then wants an answer from us. you muddied it up. You figure it out. I I'll just stay stay with what I know. I'll stay with the truth. I'll stay within the parameters that that I think are are as God leads me and deals with my heart. And so notice that Paul is referring to something something very precious, something very real, something very uh uh uh relevant to him as he's trying to inspire uh the believer and even himself and speaks about his own experience. And this is what he said in 1 Corinthians 3:8. I'm just saying this so you realize that Paul was conscious of the concept of a judgment for a word. says, "Will we not all stand before the judgment seat of Christ?" He says here, "Now he that planteth and he that waterth are one. We're all laboring for the same thing. But and every man shall receive his own reward according to his own labor." Amen. I'm a laborer for Christ. I'm a servant of Christ. I'm his own. I've been called. I got this to do. But I'm going to answer for my labor. I will be held accountable. Paul knew it. He recognized it. And so the sermon hear ye him. Brother Bam says, "Now, if that boy is no good, yet he's a son. He's never nothing but a son because he's born to son." This is the language that Brother Benham's using about the type, the natural type, the process. Just as Jesus said, I'm coming to it here in a moment. So, you know, I've still got to go to Luke chapter 19. I got a statement from here ye him. I got another hear ye him. I got Romans 12. I've got 2 Corinthians 5. I've got some random statement here. I forgot what sermon it is. And then I got a big quote from spiritual adoption. Are we good? You know, like that's what I got left that boy is no good just as Jesus called him a wicked servant. Like, oh, so he said he was wicked. He said he was wicked. Well, he also said as a shepherd dividing the sheep from goats. But it it was it was language that we could understand. Who are these righteous that stand in judgment? Brother Bam said. So he says he says he was born a son. He's nothing but a son because he's born a son. But if he's not obedient and the right kind of son, he just continues a son on out without any reward. This is where this is why I said in the beginning, we have the subject of adoption. And some people may say, "No, I'm just going to leave it alone." And I think sometimes that's great. But when you recognize what brother Brandon was connected to this greater truth that a son of God is going to have to answer for his for his responsibility, it helps us to understand just exactly where to place it because he refers to it as no reward. What's being drawn on? The principle of faithfulness. The principle of fruitfulness being rewarded. The fact that God has given you a potential, given you gifts, asked you to do certain things. And what have you done with what I gave you? Can we try to go quickly here? Luke chapter 19 verses 12 to 26. We'll skip around a little bit. This is the parable that Jesus uses. A certain noble man went into a far country. I'm using this just to reinforce the idea of a lost crown or lost rewards a a in the context of faithfulness in a position being judged for promotion in placing within a new kingdom. Certain noble men went into a far country to receive for himself a kingdom a new kingdom a new domain and to return and he called his 10 servants and delivered them 10 pounds. So each one got a pound and said unto them so if you notice that each one got the same right? So there there's no excuse, maybe I'm venturing a little bit, but there's no excuse to say, "Well, he got the co Holy Ghost and I got a Holy Ghost." Right? He got the Holy Spirit and you gave me the Holy Ghost, right? I heard one somebody say one time, there's a distinction, right? Like, well, just show me one place where brother labored on that distinction, right? So, we don't have this excuse. He just he says, "I've given you all pounds." And he said to them, "Occupy till I come." That's just an aside. I don't know that it necessarily it fits within what Jesus is trying to say. occupy till I come is carry on my business, right? Do my work, occupy, stay busy. Doesn't mean put up a bunch of tents in downtown Phoenix and occupy downtown Phoenix. It's it it's not it's not this laziness and cabbage down on something. Stay busy, right? Do my work. Finish my work. Right? I'm gone. I got a job to do. You've seen what I've done here. You've seen what I've started. I got to go away to prepare a kingdom. So, while I'm gone, will you finish my work? Right? And here's 10 pounds to do it. Verse 15. And it came to pass when he was returned, having received the kingdom, then he commanded these servants to be called unto him this day of reckoning. To whom he had given the money, that he might know how much every man had gained by trading. That's gained by work and by busying themselves with what he had been given. So there's increase. Then came the first saint, Lord, thy pound. I love it. Your pound. He didn't say, "Uh, my pound." He said, "Your pound. I only have this. I only had this buying power because of you, and I only multiplied it because of you. Thy pound hath gained 10 pounds." And he said, "Well, thou good servant, because thou hast been faithful in very little, have thou authority over 10 cities." So, there's a reward in the new kingdom that's greater than what he had and what he was given. and what he whatever whatever benefit he had in that kingdom as he now transitions to a new kingdom. It's not just pounds, it's cities. It's not even the same expression or manifestation. Whatever it looked like then that one comm see if someone said, "Oh, we've got this new ruler. He's the one that's over 10 cities." Man, who was this guy? What did he do in the other kingdom? He was given a pound. Like he was a piggy bank. Like he I don't know what he did with it, but he he multiplied it 10fold. or you know it's like yeah I don't know whatever that means. Okay. I uh it just it I think there's something to be thought about in this. The way Jesus is trying to make this end. It should cause someone to say, "Wait a minute. One pound becomes 10 10 cities." I love God's math. And verse 20. Now, we're going to skip because this is where I want you to see the losing crowns. And another came saying, "Lord, behold, here is thy pound which I have kept laid up in a napkin. For I feared thee because thou art an austere man." You know, he's harsh. which is very strict. Thou takest up that thou layest not down and reapest that thou didest not so. So whatever he thought about the nature of God, his response instead of being like, oh then I want to please him, right? Or this is what God would expect of me, he actually works the opposite. What what a challenge to not mess this up, right? To get this principle right. Wherefore then gavest not thou my money. So he said never, sorry I judged I skipped it. Verse 22. And now here's the response. Out of thine own mouth will I judge thee. Thou wicked servant. So he's as a wicked servant or disobedient. You knew that I was an austere man by your own confession. You knew I took up something that I didn't lay down. You knew I reap where I didn't even sow. So what in the world made you think that you should just keep what I gave you and hold on for dear life and hope that you survive wherefore he didn't learn anything right didn't learn anything from the tut didn't learn anything from the master didn't learn anything by his own example right you by your own confession knew my nature but it never became your own wherefore then thou gavest not thy money into the bank that at my coming I might have required my own with usery like there was a minimum you could have done and you didn't even do that and he said unto them that stood by take from him the pound here's the one standing there received the pound didn't gain anything take from him the pound he has and give it to him that hath 10 pounds so that's why I I resist the notion to try to make the pound the Holy Ghost because I don't think that's what Jesus is trying to reflect here but it's just maybe an aside that we could entertain take from him the pound and give it to him that have 10 pounds right somebody lost something Right? And they said unto him, and there's different translations that reason that maybe this was a bystander listening to Jesus said, "But wait a minute, in your own story, this guy already has 10." Like there's some sort of shock. Others observe that Christ uses it in the story that they before they went to take affirmed you want us to take it from the one who already has 10 or take from the one who only has one and take that and give it to someone who already has 10. Now, why would he do it? You know what the principle is in corporate structure? If you want something done, give it to the guy who's the busiest. Right? He's the one that's going to get it done. And that's exactly maybe not exactly, but this is what Jesus is doing here as he says, you know what? I gave you one and you you didn't do anything with it. Give it to the guy who turned that to 10. I could trust him. I could trust him. For I say unto you, as they said, Lord, he hath 10 pounds. Why would you do it? So he says, I say to you that unto everyone which hath shall be given. He that has gained shall receive more. But from him that did not gain, even that he that what he could have gained or what he should have gained, should have used for gain shall be taken away from him. The servant kept what he received. Catch that. What he was given, give it to the one he had. He he he get he get he was able to keep what he had received. And now it's being taken from the one who didn't gain. He says give it. So there was not only did you get to keep what you received and you had gain, you got to keep the 10 what you received and the gain and you're rewarded for it. It wasn't like awesome, you gained 10 pounds, keep it, go in. It was like you gained 10 pounds, there's more. That's the principle. So this is one there was a loss. Did we I don't know did we have that scripture up there? I don't know if I was using losing crowns there, but there's a loss unto him which hath shall be given from him that hath not even that he hath shall be taken away from him. In the sermon, hear ye him, brother Bam says the father, because this is where he did this in the presence of of people. This is kind of the image of that day of reckoning and that ivory stare and this time when rewards are given out and crowns are given out. The father, this is brother Bam using the type of the process of adoption in the natural. The father taking him out into a public place and set him up before the public. the son as it was in um in the natural. His same son that had been born in his family years before all the time his son but his character and his conduct had brought him to another office. Isn't that beautiful? Here it is as it's expressed here in Luke chapter 19. He was a servant. He was given responsibility. He was laboring. He's working within within the framework of what the master required of him. But his character and his conduct brought him into another office. You're not just looking after a pound. You're not just trying to exchange exchange money. I'm now giving you authority over 10 cities. Amen. There was an expansion of stewardship. There was a greater degree that yes, you may have been brother said, "Yeah, you are my son. Yes, I gave you authority. You used my name. You used what was available to you. You used all these different things. But now the time comes when your character and your conduct brings you into another office. Amen. He says in the sermon, "Hear ye him. He that heareth my words and believeth on him that sent me hath everlasting life and shall never come into judgment, but pass from death unto life." There's the scripture. John 5:24. So you're still a son and daughter, but you're living under your privilege. What a way of lifting us up. What a way of lifting us up instead of saying, you know what, by virtue of the fact that you're living below your privilege proves that you're not privileged. I know privilege is kind of a trigger word these days, but say the very fact that you're living below it proves you don't got it, right? So, what you need to do is get it, right? How do I earn a privilege? How it turns everything upside down by virtue of the gift. You're living below your privilege. You're living below your potential. He says, "So, you're still a son and daughter, but you're living under your privilege. and your conduct each day as the Holy Spirit brings it before the father gives away the things that you do and you're still a son and daughter but you'll never be brought to the place where you should be. The one came to another office. Now he's saying you'll never be brought to the place that you should be. You lose something. Brother Brham just before he makes this statement says I won't say you'll be lost. And he uses the scripture. He says I'm not saying you'll be lost. You've passed from death and life. You're not going to come before white throne judgment. You're his child. you're his son. Now, people may want to debate what it means to be born again. They may want to debate whether or not you actually are sealed with the Holy Ghost if you have eternal life. A and let them debate because you know what? We don't have to answer that question. The Lord's already answered it, right? Leave Leave that to um the Slack channels for ministers, right? Just let them let them hash that out uh so that they can faithfully preach it to to their churches. But there's a brother Brandham saying you you've got it. According to John chapter 5, you've got it. You're sealed. And he says, "But you'll never come to the place that you should be. Never fully enjoy all the privileges available to you. I won't say you're lost because you're not, but your conduct each day is going to determine whether or not you're brought to the place you should be." So, as he mentions the the the tutor coming back before the father and giving a report, Hebrews 12:es 5-11, I think I may just read to verse 7. I I need to refer to this. This is my kind of my uh sprint now. So, you've taken you've forgotten the exhortation which speaketh unto you as unto children. My son, despise not the chastening of the Lord. Don't despise it, nor faint when thou art rebuked of him. Don't be discouraged. Don't question your sunship. Don't use God's correction and God dealing with you as a son as the evidence that you're not a son. It doesn't make any sense. Don't despise the chastening of the Lord, nor faint when thou art rebuked of him. For whom the Lord loveth, he chastneth and scourgeth every son whom he receiveth. If you endure chastening, God dealeth with you as with sons. For what son is he whom the father chasteneth not? Why does he chasten you? What's the purpose of the suffering? What's the purpose of the repetition? Could we not agree? And I don't necessarily like to use uh strict logic and things like this, but if we just all agreed that we were sealed with the Holy Ghost, we're completely sealed with the Holy Ghost and that we're going to be in the first resurrection, whether by resurrection from a grave or changed in a moment of twinkling of an eye, we're going to be there in eternity, everything's ours, everything's finished. Then does the rest of your life seem kind of odd to you, right? Like why' you just why'd you leave me here? Why did you save me and give me perfect discernment and the baptism of the Holy Ghost a and a perfect character and a perfect seal and everything's great and fine and dandy and I got to go listen to a guy drone on and on and on that later on falls away and proves he never had the Holy Ghost and there I was sitting there fully sealed and had to listen to this knucklehead for a while. Right? There's a party that begs the question, what are we doing here? And someone said, "Well, brother Aaron, there's more more souls to be saved." Well, what are we doing here? Let's go get them. Right. Right. I mean, like all of a sudden we it just things start to be like, "Wow, that's a good question. maybe we shouldn't have church. Maybe we should just do street revivals and get people to confess and and we just need to get as many people in as we possibly can. But then when you realize that there's life after this one that's never going to end, right? There's a thousand-year millennial reign that God's going to need you to bind unbelief for a thousand years. And perfect character is going to rule and reign over his possession. And the bride with the bride is part of this. Oh, there's more. Then then this is this is a proving ground for that eternity. Yes, if you want to use those words. This is what it's all about. This is why we come to church. This is why I believe every service is important. Is because we're not just engaged in filling up your calendar. We're not just checking the box because we have attendance. We're doing it because we know that something's going to be required of us. We do it because we know this is a house of correction. Brother Bram says our judgment begins here by the word. He's judging us here. and this this correcting us. He's doing as the Bible says for our profit that we might be partakers of his holiness. He's doing it for our amendment. And he says when we labor, Paul says, for when we labor that whether present or absent when he comes, we may be accepted and approved of him. We're laboring whether we go in a rapture while we're alive or whether we go by way of the grave, we're laboring that we might be approved by him that we would not be a castaway. For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ. Every son and daughter of God will have to stand before him in this seemingly public display of honor and glory and praise given to his servants that everyone may receive the things done in his body according to that he hath done whether it be good or bad. I may be finishing the series right now. It's very possible that this might be this this summation in my heart to this very thing because it's such a beautiful framework to finish this in. He's saying that there's a great there's a grant of reward that is proportional to the things done. Right? And I know we start thinking proportional. One pound became 10 cities. So it may not be our logic of fairness. It may not be what we're proportional to us. You may look at a someone who has pastor a church that never got bigger than 68 people for decades. Right? And their reward is greater than the one who ended up pasing pastoring tens of thousands of people over decades but never more than a couple hundred. Right. Right. Like there's the things that we we do these scales who preached the most meetings and who's this and who's that. We have these scales of fairness and exponentiality and it's proportional. But notice God's way of multiplying. But Paul is saying we labor so that we can be approved for a reward. Brother B said every man will have to answer for his talent. God gives men talent. They have to use it. I'll invite our the brothers to come the musicians and in doing so for some they have arbitrarily created a stopping point and I'm short of two hours in the sermon spiritual adoption. I I almost read this at the beginning but I knew what you would say is you should have stopped there so I've saved it to the end. The sermon spiritual adoption. Let's just all focus. I know it's it's hot in here. Uh maybe stuffy. Uh trust me, I don't like the sound of my own voice after a while. In the sermon spiritual adoption, he's talking about how his father, because we just talked about God is our father who corrects us, chastens us, reproves us. What does he do? Your improvement is in mind. He's saying, I want to give you everything one day. I want you to have it all. I want you to get a full reward. Instead of him just invalidating us up, he corrects us. Even giving us an opportunity at redeeming the things that we otherwise would have missed. As long as you're breathing, I say they're available. And brother Brandham is talking about his daddy. He says, "Well, if I get a chance, I want to hug him and I want to thank him for all the lashings I got, for all the spankings I got." Paul's building on that very principle in Hebrews chapter 12. Did I not our our own fathers correct us after their own pleasure? Re said, "I'll thank them for every spanking I got." He says, "If I feel that way about my earthly father, what will it be that day when we stand in his presence and we see the things happen to us for our good that had to cut us a little bit here and child train us and take off the things of the world and make us endure a two-hour sermon on Sunday, March 5th, and let us walk as humble children before him." See how I'm working that in there that you can just be like, you know, I'm going to get something for this one day. This will not be wasted. I may have burned a brisket, but I'm getting something out of this one day. [Music] He says, "It may seem hard at the beginning, but God knows what he's doing." Sure, he knows what he's doing. Oh, trust him. Trust him. All your hurts and pains, afflictions and sufferings, all your perseverance. I don't know what the whole point is. There must be a point. Trust him. Trust him with everything that is in you. It may seem hard and it may at the beginning it may seem hard now and it may seem hard all the way to the very end, but God knows what he's doing with a daughter that he wants to give more to. He knows Hallelujah. He knows what he put in you. He knows what he put in you. He knows the value of it. He knows the potential of it. And he knows how to get it out of you. And so he says, "Then as the Holy Spirit begins to bring word, they capitalize word. It's also drawing on the type of the tutor reporting to the father and said, "Your son's just like you." He tells the story of how there was the son on the left hand, the son on the other hand, the disobedient son, the the the son that wasn't a right kind of son. The the the father saying, "You know what? He does this, he does that, he does this, that, he does that." He goes, "He can't be adopted. He's not ready to be adopted." And it's like, man, you know, I was really hoping really hoping it I I I let me say this. If you want me to preach more on the subject, I can do it. There's brother Random called it the law of adoption in the Old Testament. Well, where where do we find it? But there's such an absolute clear principle in the scripture that someone's conduct can knock them out of the inheritance. And the father's like, "Man, I really wanted to give that to you, but I got to give it to somebody else." Brother Ram's drawn on that because then he says this, "There's this other son who demonstrates faithfulness." So he said that Holy Spirit begins to bring the word, bring word. Then if the child has not been obedient, when it becomes of maturity, to the age of maturity, a time appointed of the father, a juncture, a moment in time where he ought to receive it. This is the point when you should be teachers. This is the point where you ought to be doing more. your stewardship's expanded maybe some sort of escalation more authority given or ultimately that time when you ought to fully receive legally the kingdom he says that the Holy Spirit brings word when he comes to maturity the age of maturity then the child is always a son certainly but it loses something this is what we could take away from this what you call losing crowns there's we say it loses something but can we not recognize there's something to gain this This is why this teaching is so important and it makes sense. And though he so he transitions. He says that it loses something. Do you get it? It loses something. So he says, "And here's a point that I want to drive home. May the Holy Spirit take it to every heart of you believers. Just because you are a believer, certainly you have everlasting life." God said so. But would you want to just go in as Job said, by the skin of your teeth? Would you just want to be saved as if by fire? Would you just want to come before the father and the talent that he's given every one of you as being negligent? You just didn't use it or you let something else stand in your way. This is on the subject of adoption. And he said that you'll have to stand before the father. This is the day of reckoning and you're going to answer for what you did with this life. It's your character that makes the difference. Do you just want to come before him with what he gave you and in type say, "Oh, I didn't want to lose it. I didn't want to I I didn't want to I didn't want to do something with it that I I I was afraid. I was afraid to use it." It's almost as if the one the others who gained realized it was a zerorisk proposition and that they weren't afraid to fail in doing something for Christ. [Music] And he's he this is can you read read that? Let it imprint all these things now connecting tying in. He says, "You let little petty things that meant nothing to you. After all, little fusses and stews and arguments and church differences take the meekness and gentleness from your life." Still a son, but you let life rob you of the the the the meekness of Christ. You let you let life rob you from the nature of Christ. Think about the process, right? He says, "Would you want to stand before the father like that?" I don't believe you would. I don't believe that you would do it. Neither would I. Do you agree? Could it be said of you that you don't you don't want to just stand before him on that day and go, "Oh, well, I had eternal life. Yeah, I was sealed." And that there's nothing to show him. That is there not something inside of you that says, "I don't want to lose a crown." You you sister, you may have a hundred to gain and I hope you gain them all. But if I only have three, I want to gain them all. So that in the end, the question is 100%. That's what I want. I want 100%. That whatever God has for me, that's what I want to fulfill. And there's brother Benam uses a a an interesting subject in the law. He uses a a a mystery even in the Old Testament, if I could put it that way. He uses these different examples drawing from relationships and and legal inheritance and processes and all these different things to merely try to impress upon the believer that to be secure in your relationship with Christ. Be certain that you have identified with him that you have his life. You have his nature. And now what he wants to do is he wants to grow you into his image. And he wants you to come to the place of rapturing grace. And he wants you to come to your position. Wherever you are in the dispensation, wherever you are in your age, whatever he's called you to do, whether it be a housewife, whether it be a missionary, whether it be a mechanic, whatever it is, I am expressing what God has given me. And it's multiplying and it's multiplying and I will suffer and I will conduct myself and I'll restrain myself not merely for the praise itself, but knowing that God has a reward for me. Amen. And even if it be the sense that I don't want to lose something, brother Brandham was not afraid to present that in his teaching. That if there's crowns to be gained, there's crowns to be lost. Let's not lose any of them. I don't believe you would want to, and neither would I. Let's stand.
