################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-01-04 - The Year in Preview What is God's Will for Me This Year Pt. 2 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2023-01-04
Title:    The Year in Preview: What is God's Will for Me This Year? Pt. 2
Speaker:  Unknown Speaker
Church:   Arizona Believers Church
Type:     Short Service
Duration: 58m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kjhY225Mh8
========================================

Description:
The Year in Preview: What is God's Will for Me This Year? Pt. 2
Wednesday Service: January 4, 2023
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
My title tonight, we skipped I had the title slide there. We'll give it to you again at the outset. Um continuing on where we were on uh Sunday morning on the year in preview. And so the year in preview, not year in review, but year in preview and asking the question, what is God's will for me this year? So much to expound upon in the things that we expressed on Sunday morning. I'd like to take a little bit of a different direction for our Wednesday night crowd, but we are continuing on this subject tonight. And in Joshua chapter 1:es 7 and 8, we're going to take our text here and then we'll focus on it right at the beginning and then want to move forward a little bit. He's speaking, God speaking to Joshua. And it says, "Only be thou and it after he said, you know, be strong and very courageous." Only be thou very strong and strong and very courageous that thou mayest observe to do according to all the law which Moses my servant commanded thee. Turn not from it to the right hand or to the left that thou mayest prosper whethersoever thou goest. So his prospering in the way a prospering path whatever you do is contingent upon him observing the word that was given by Moses. This book of the law shall not depart of thy mouth but thou shalt meditate therein day and night that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein for then thou shalt make thy way prosperous and then thou shalt have good success. Amen. You could take your seats. I believe that we all want to have good success this year. We'd like to be prosperous. I think even brother Loyal mentioned it when he was ministering about make money. Um and so we know that we want to be prosperous. We want to have good success. And we're going to be we're identifying things both this past Sunday and even tonight on how we can make that possible. So we're continue on the year in preview. Uh this is part two on what is God's will for me this year. We're very specific towards the end of the service on Sunday morning. We'll be again specific tonight. I want to start again where we started Sunday morning. Psalms 119 verse 133. It says, "Order my steps in thy word. And let not any iniquity have dominion over me. Make my motions and my actions firm. Solidify them. Make them consistent." And that's what is being requested here. Order my steps in thy word. So we want to be stepping in his word. We want our steps to be ordered by the Lord. Bible tells us that the steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord. So we that's what we want is our steps to be ordered. He wants to ordain steps for us. We want to walk in those steps that he has ordained for us. So, this is a prayer to make our steps consistent, to make them firm, to make them sure. Uh we don't want to step and then slip. We don't want to step on sinking sand. We want to know the way that we're going. And I think the way that we used it on Sunday morning is we want our way to match his way. And so, if even if it's not what we want exactly, but we know this is what he wants, then the way that we take will be his way. And that was exemplified where Jesus said, I if this cup could pass, it'd be great. My will would be that I don't have to die, but nevertheless, let thy will be done. It was an abandonment of his own agenda. And he took the way that God had chosen. And that's how we can harmonize our desires with his by taking the way that he wants us to go. And another way of putting that is subjecting our will, whatever that might be, to his will whenever we can identify it. And so when we ask this question, what is God's will for me this year? Uh it's an invitation to identify what his will is and then in identifying what it is. We're going to choose it. I know this is what God wants me to do. And then when we choose it, we submit to it. We act on it. We let it come out into into motion into manifestation. And I do believe and it's it's nice to have kind of this uh reset of a change of a year and an opportunity to use it as kind of a transition point. We used it from a unique perspective of the doorway effect. And I trust that none of us are plagued by it tonight. since we left out those doors, we've forgotten everything that was preached on Sunday. But I think this kind of affords us a nice chance to re reset a little bit and think about certain things uh and and kind of give a a look at our desires and our ambitions and what our vision might be. And I'm wanting to use this uh thought because I've been very deliberate about this for the last month or so in my mind as I've thought about these things is you have and I say we we all have the freedom to choose the path that we're going to take in this year. And you say, "Oh, what about God? What God ordains and what God does." Now, so I can say this that if we accept God's providence and that he's going to ordain a path and we're going to end up where he wants us to be, I'll say this. There's a lot of choices you make along the way that's going to determine what that journey's like. Whether or not it's going to be a happy mission, whether it's going to be very sad, whether it's a lot of be heartache in it. There's a lot of things that you can do in this pathway to determine your reward in the end. The blessings that you receive while you travel this way. Because I believe that by the grace of God, we're going to make it and we're going to be overcomers. But I want to live I want to bring forth a hundfold. I don't want to fall short of any promise or any blessing. And that's really what we're desiring for you and your families and in your lives is that we live that hundfold and we identify the things that pleases God and we we do the best that we can. I'd even go so far as to say that our salvation is secure and and we own it and our health is secured in Christ. There's a lot of benefits and blessings we have as the family of God. But I don't want it just to end there. I want to be able to benefit my neighbors. I want to benefit my extended family. I want my co-workers and people I associate with. I want their lives to be better because I'm a part of it. Amen. And I'm never going to be able to do that if I'm just just barely getting by in my own life. I want there to be I think I can't remember who it was that may have wrote it. Brother Phillip, you may know, but I'm drinking from my saucer because my cup is overflowing. The first time I ever heard that one, some one of the believers there at Mesa Church saying it. And in some ways, that's where we want our lives to be is our lives just overflowing so that other people can experience it and be benefited by it. So there's a lot of things that we have liberty to choose a and things to change like this needs to change in my life and that's what the turn of the year maybe gives us the opportunity to look back and say I wasn't doing this I want to do this in the new year I need to stop doing this I I want to start doing this might a lot of things that we can change start or stop but this is the time to think about it uh this is the moment I'm wanting us to think about it as a church and this is a statement I actually I wrote it out so I could just say it very deliberately and specifically there's a lot that's built behind it when I say this and I want you maybe to ponder it without me amplifying it this evening, but spiritual growth and spiritual maturity are demonstrated in the deliberate choices we make. And so your your your spiritual growth and your maturity are going to be manifested in the conscious choices that you are making, the way that you choose in not only your actions, but the way you think about things, the way you respond to things. And and there's ways that we can be responding as parents where in the moment we're making a deliberate choice to respond a certain way. There's ways that we can be responding to other people, decisions we're making with respect to finances and other things that manifest a spiritual growth and maturity and even emotional maturity because our emotional maturity is part of our growing character as Christians. And so we want to be growing spiritually, want to be growing emotionally. And these are things that should be important to us as Christians. and they're manifest in the choices we make. So God gives you liberty to choose and that still at the end of the day can never interrupt God's sovereignty. So in his sovereignty, he's given us this latitude to make certain decisions and we want to be making the right decisions. And I want to use Joshua chapter 1 7 and 8 as kind of um a support for that statement about our maturity and our development being expressed in the choices we make. Because your spiritual success is dependent upon decisions that you make. And we know that it's by grace that we are saved. We know that it's his grace that workketh in us. Even as the Bible teaches us, it's him that is both in us to will and to do of his good pleasure. It's not him that willth or him that runth, but God that giveth the increase and God that shows mercy. But did you know you still have to will and you still have to run? You still have to submit. You still have to yield. You still have to make decisions and choices. And that's what we're identifying is our purpose and a determination as Christians to do the right thing. So it says in Joshua 1 7 and 8 and and I'd like there's a lot we can amplify here, but we just want to point out a few things. Only be thou strong and very courageous that thou mayest observe to do according to all the law which Moses my servant commanded thee. Turn not from it to the right hand or to the left. So he's wanting he's saying that what he ought to do is be courageous be strong and courageous. So there's something within his uh uncction and his desire his fortitude that needs to be directed towards all that he has been given by the prophet so that he may obey observe to do all not just part of it all that Moses commanded. Turn not from it to the right hand or to the left that so that you may be that thou mayest prosper whethersoever thou goest. So the success of Joshua and his prospering in his way and in his journey. And if we could use that as an analogy for us that our success this year is going to be dependent upon how courageous we are and how strong we are in observing to do the things that God wants us to do. And just as Joshua had to dig down deep and find some courage to observe it, we have to do the same thing to have this courage to choose the right thing so that we may prosper in the way that we go. I think there could be ways that we could express this that you can reach the finish line and we're all going to reach the finish line. It's just a question of what kind of condition do you want to be in when you get there. And I really do want to be in that image of an overcomer more than a conqueror. I want to be one that I is radiating in the glory of Christ when I cross that line so that thou mayest prosper with usoever thou goest. This book of the law shall not depart out of thy mouth. So there's something about it being close to him and thou but thou shalt meditate therein day and night. And I hopefully can come back to this before the service is over. There's this real rich pull that you all are giving this evening that sometimes just drives my my plow in a little bit deeper and I go a little bit slower and I'm enjoying it. But it says, "Thou shalt meditate therein day and night that thou mayest observe to do according to all that is written therein." if we don't have time to come to it that speaks to us that the word that we've received as it is in Bible form and is in in message form that there's things in it that we ought to be observing meditating in thinking about praying reading on listening to and that as we learn it we go oh that's something I can do that's something I can put into practice that we may meditate day and night so that it can be in our mouths day and night that we can observe to do it all the time all that is written therein for then thou shalt make thy way prosperous and then thou shalt have good success. We want to have good success. And the bookstores are full of all the different methods you could use to be successful. Whether it be in diet, whether it be in finance, whether it be in certain disciplines, if you want to be a good mountain climber, if you want to be a good uh uh runner, if you want to be this, you want to be that. They all have these theories and disciplines and ways that you can do it. I think that as Christians we can distill it down to this is the most important that in whatever I do in life if I want to have good success and I want to make my way prosperous I can then do what God wants me to do. And let me say this to those who have recreations and hobbies and other pursuits that you enjoy. You'll get a lot more out of them when you get your spiritual life lined up right. Maybe a lot of things that we think about that we need to exit whenever we start serving God correctly. And that's true. But you don't realize even the things you enjoy now, how much more beneficial and enjoyable they'll be when you can come under the right kind of spiritual headship. He doesn't want to take them all away from us. Sometimes he really wants us to learn how to enjoy them the right way and get the most out of it. And it's not going to happen until we demonstrate some spiritual maturity by making the right kind of decisions. For then thou shalt make thy way prosperous and then thou shalt have good success. What a beautiful thought for us to consider tonight. Now on Sunday, I want to recap this very very quickly. We did the year in preview and uh and we said we can know uh God's will for us this year. Brother John, I think I have a slide with those three. Perfect. Uh this is what we can do as a minimum. And we talked about this on Sunday. We'll hopefully maybe go into it in great detail. Um I could spend a lot of services just demonstrating how important church attendance is. I could use a lot of time in services on how important our contributions are uh in the eyes of God and according to the scripture and even on missions and I would like to give you some more context on those things but these are the three things that I feel very comfortable as your pastor telling you are God's will for your life this year and feel that it doesn't vary for any one of us here now a lot of people might say well does that mean I have to have perfect attendance does that mean I have to support this particular ministry it might be a lot of qu certain min uh uh mission program or whatever it might be a lot questions that are attached to it. But I can say that uh in the most basic way, God's will for you this year is to go to church, contribute tithes and offerings, and support missions. It's very clear in the word of God, I believe. And these are things uh that we make decisions to do, and we ought to make these decisions. I say at a minimum, this is what we can do this year. And from the the sermon, the marriage of the lamb, we read this last time, and I want to read it again to emphasize that these are things that don't just come easy to us. And I think even all of you are here tonight can say amen. It's not always easy making it to church, especially on a Wednesday night. And he says, you see, God cannot push us through a little pipe, pull us out on the other end, and then say, blessed is he that overcomemeth. You had nothing to overcome. He just pushed you through. But you've got to make decisions for yourself. It'd be great if God just had a a spiritual electric vehicle that just could we could just do the summon mode and it would just show up at our house, pick us up, just take us to church. Or maybe we could just take a pill in the afternoon and it would put us to sleep and somehow we're all just kind of transported to some kind of gathering place. Wouldn't it be great if we could just stay at home in our pajamas and stream it, right? Or just push play and obey and feel like we did gone to service. But there's things that God wants us to do and there decisions we make and it's not easy. He says, "But you've got decisions for yourself. I have to make decisions for myself." In doing that, this is the part that I love and kind of became the anchor for me that this statement was relevant to what we're saying. In doing that, we show our faith and respects to God. These things I believe in attending church and giving pay giving to the right things and supporting missions. It demonstrates that what we believe is important. Demonstrates what we believe. It demonstrates the importance of what we believe especially to our children and those that are watching us that the things that we attend, the things that we give to, the things that we support speak very loudly to our children and those watching us of what we believe in and what we're important. As brother Benamy uses the story, I think he says it later on about going to church and going somewhere. If you can just get a slice, go because you want to so show what side you're on. Or the deaf and blind man who went to church and he did it to show what side he was on. He wanted to show the devil what side he's on. These are things that we do to demonstrate what we believe, the importance of what we believe and what side we are on. Now, this is this is just maybe observations that you've made and you're kind of just journeying with me in this thought tonight. uh attend church, contribute tithes and offerings and support missions. I believe that all three of those are very church centric. They relate to church and that attending church and you contribute your tithes and offerings where you go to church and um I know many of you support mission work and you may do it outside of what this church supports and uh and I I don't I think that's wonderful that you're supporting missions and so but most people support missions through the mission work that the church itself does. And so you can say in all three of these may have a lot to do with Arizona believers church, a lot to do with this address, this location, the people here, the ministries here, and what we do here. And so it relates to church, but these really are a small part of our lives in terms of our overall time and money. As if you did the math, we spend less than I I I would say probably maybe more around 2%, but I could safely say that we spend less than 5% a week uh 5% of our weeks in church. And so if you just kind of add up the time you spend in church every week and if you want to count the time that you drive here, the time you spend here from song service to the end, less than 5% of your week is spent in church. And when it comes to giving, some of us give as much as 0% maybe up to around 20% of our our money. So when you think about it in terms of uh percentages, maybe 90 95% of our time has nothing to do with being here physically or supporting things here. maybe our finances and our income anywhere from 100% to maybe 80% uh goes elsewhere and supports other things. And so you'll find that attend church, contribute tithes and offerings and supporting missions uh isn't uh does not take up all of our life. You say, "Well, he told me he he told me what God's will was for my life, so now I know what I'm going to be doing Wednesday nights and Sunday mornings, and I know where x number of dollars are going to go, and I know how much I can support missions and what I can do to pray." But that leaves a lot more uh within view in terms of the rest of our lives. And I will say this, the I believe that the importance of church ought to never be separated from the rest of your life. I I I I view it opposite in the sense that uh if I could use it this way, uh that I probably have by nature the tendency to live to eat, but it's more healthy to eat to live. Right. Right. And there's a lot of people who have the mindset that they live to go to church, right? But it's more healthy to go to church to live. And so our whole our whole life isn't, oh, if we can just make it to church, we just make some people just make it all about church and all about church. And it's wonderful because you can get a lot of dedicated people. You can get a lot of cultist people. You get a lot of people who are just um cultured into being Christians. And so it can create for some really nice church dynamics, but there can be a little bit of 11 mixed into it to where it's not actually having the benefit that it ought to have because they're just living to go to church. And church is about living. Amen. And so we go to church to live, not live to go to church. And so I think that we ought to have it in the right order and realize that we what we're doing here, what I try to lift up here, what we support and what we do as Christians and what this church stands for uh is not all about the church, but what about your life individually about your families, the headships of fathers within their homes and it's about you living the best kind of the right kind of life to manifest this message. And I believe that we can't separate and we should never discount the importance of this in what you do the rest of the time out outside of here. But I do believe what we're doing is to support that a and to support the lives you live outside of here. And so if we only spend maybe 5% of our time and I would say even much less than that in church uh a very small percentage of our income towards missions and towards tithes and offerings then it begs the question you know what what's the God's God's will for me for the rest of the time and so I want to ask it put it to you this way what is God's will for me this year at home and and and look at it from this way if I can give you a year in preview for your home life and you're like now you're meddling brother Aaron and Maybe you're right. But I can tell you what God's will is not only for us as a church, but also in your home life. And look at it as a minimum. What it things that God would want us to do in our home life this year. And and I did I don't have the the the clicker up here, brother John, if you want to just follow me in this. The first one is sanctify your home. Now, I've I've I've really taken some time to think of the right way to phrase it. Different ways we could have said it, different ways we could have listed this. different order, but scripturally and according to the message of the hour, this is God's will for you. It's to sanctify your home. You say, "Well, can you just give me a cleaning list, a to-do list or something like that?" Well, there could be some very specific things that I could say, but the best thing for you to do is to follow the leadership of the Holy Spirit in your in your life to dig into the word of God and find the things that you can do to do it. But sanctify your home in terms of what that means. I think a lot of that's going to be according to your desired and the choices you make. And the second thing is gather around the word. There's a lot of different ways I wanted to phrase this. Felt this just kind of summed it up was using the phrase lift up the word in my studies, but gather around the word as family. Gather around the word. And then the third thing, and I didn't even bother uh putting my quotes and scriptures printed out tonight. The third thing is live for others. And I say definitively, I've got no just as much as I feel that I can say thus sayith the Lord on the three things we shared Sunday. I can say for all of us, whether you're single, whether you're married, whether you're grandparents, where no matter where you are in life, that these are three things that we can say are God's will for you this year, sanctify your home, gather around the word, and live for others. And if you say, "Well, brother Aaron, you're just so general about it that you can't be wrong." Then I say, "Well, that's good because I don't want to be wrong. I want to be right. I want to get it right. I want to share with you things that are correct." And so these things here, and I I know maybe some of your minds are already working like where does this go and what does this mean? and already thinking about things you've prayed about, things you've thought about, and ways that this can manifest. But I believe that we can be making conscious, deliberate decisions about these very areas just as much as someone could purpose in their heart they're going to give to missions or the purpose in their heart they're going to be paying their ti. They could purpose in their heart they're going to attend church. We can be making conscious decisions in each one of these areas. And I believe in doing so, we can be fulfilling the very explicit will of God in our lives. I I I know that we think a lot of times in terms of what God's will is for our lives. It's who am I going to marry? Where am I going to go to school? What kind of job am I going to have? Should I buy this house? Am I beble to get this job? And there's a lot of questions. We wonder about God's will. And they're very significant, substantial decisions. We wouldn't want to minimize them at all. And those are the things that get all the air time when we talk about the will of God. But you realize there's things that are very significant and substantial that he has already spelled out for us. Right? Even when God's talking to Joshua, he he's saying, "Look, if you'll just do I know it's a lot, but he says, "If you'll just do all that Moses commanded, then you'll be successful." And you say, "Oh, brother, I have to do all that's in the word of God." Yeah, I'll say that. Yes. But you say, "How am I going to do that?" Well, let's start with the things we can identify first. Let's start with the things that seem to be like the basic, the fundamental, the foundational things. And these are things that we can do. And in doing so, fulfill the word of God in our lives. And I believe make our way prosperous, demonstrate spiritual growth, emotional maturity by doing these things. And we do face, we face so many decisions, so many choices, so many crises. Um there's people that are facing very difficult decisions and families moving and uh families experiencing loss and job changes and a lot of things that are taking place. And I think what will be helpful for all of us is to identify the constants. And I believe that no matter where you are and what job you have or whatever God's will would be for you in your specific calling in life, these are things that are constant. Amen. And say, "Well, God called me to be a lawyer. I can't live for others, right? You know, that that doesn't work." Not that I've tried it, but that doesn't work. You can't say, "Well, I'm single, so I don't have to gather around the word." No, it doesn't work that way. These are all things that no matter where you are and what you're doing, these are constants that we should have. Now, do we do you feel like we're we feel like we're all on the same page? I want to start with uh sanctify your home. Now, I I have so much I wanted to say in this that I felt I could just start almost into another series on this. So, if you'll uh show some patience and be patient with me and show some grace with me, I'm going to get into it with a little bit of detail. And then I might go back over it in greater detail later. We might repeat some of the same things and I don't think there'll be any detriment in that. But when I say sanctify your home, what's in my mind and my heart is where we take we take our home and we make it a place that's peaceful. Uh we have a it's a place where we're comfortable. Place of safety is a word that I've been thinking about maybe in a different term different way than we just think of physical safety, but a place of rest. And I draw a lot from Isaiah 32 17 and 18. And it says, "And the work of righteousness shall be peace and the effect of righteousness, quietness, and assurance forever." The song that brother Michael was singing there. Uh, righteousness is what you want from me. Just felt like it fits so well. Uh, those things that we were singing in the transition. But the work of righteousness is peace. The effect of righteousness, quietness, and assurance forever. That's that's awesome to think that the the effect of righteousness and the work of righteousness, peace, quietness, and assurance, those are the things that we desire in our lives. That if we if we can somehow tap into righteousness, lift up righteousness, identify righteousness, let righteousness have preeminence, value righteousness, support righteousness, uh pursue righteousness, that it has this effect of peace, quietness, and assurance forever. And those are the things I start thinking about when I think about home and our feelings of home. Regardless of what culture you come from, the ideas of home often embody this place of comfort and belonging and rest. And he says, "And my people in verse 18, he expounds upon it in that very well very way. And my people shall dwell in a peaceful habitation and in sure dwellings and quiet and in quiet resting places. It speaks of a habitation to say a peaceful hab peaceable habitation is something that's not alarmed or disturbed. uh where there's not fighting and struggling and always disagreement and everyone uh this uh everyone's kind of enemies and at each other's throats and this an unsettledness that that's not really a home. That's just a that's just a forced uh a forced gathering and people in the same house are always fighting, struggling and unable to get along. The Bible says we ought to have peaceable habitations or sure dwellings, something secure to be a sure dwelling. There's provision there. There there is uh there's confidence there. There's no worry there. It's a place you don't have to worry about provision. You don't have to worry about uh uh peace. It says in quiet resting places. In other words, it's not just a place to labor. This is something we could give a lot of thought to wherein we we homeschool and and the and the wives are the homeschool teachers and they're the the ones that do all the domestic duties at home. And really at the end of the day, that home is just a place where they're always working, always laboring. And we want to be able to identify a component to where even in those things, it becomes a sanctuary and a quiet resting place. Because I believe that in our labors, we can still find rest when it's under the right the right vision and the right desires, but then also create the kind of atmosphere at home and the things at home to where it's not only a place of labor, not only a place of vanity, but a place of rest. And this should be our goal. Amen. I would say to all of us here tonight and I would that more families could be here tonight and young families could be here tonight to hear this. But we should make this our goal and measure everything we pursue and anything we want to possess by it. That what I want in my this is the vision I have for home that it would be this. And then whatever I pursue I want to measure it by this. Whatever I possess I want to measure it by this. And if anything that I would pursue would take away from this I'm not going to pursue it. If anything that I would possess would take away from this then I'm not going to possess it. or find the way to pursue and possess and that it promotes this because you got to find something that's your ultimate something that's your ideal and your vision and your desire. We we do not want to become uh so secure in the sense that oh well I know that I'm uh I know that I'm going to make it to where we're we're not even being discerning anymore about the impact things have on our lives and especially the impact it has on our children. Some of us may say, "Well, I was raised this way and I turned out all right, so I'm not really worried about my kids." Well, you're really uh you're really playing loose with the grace of God. A and you're really you really haven't fully appreciated all the deficits you carry because of the way you were raised. You probably don't realize just how you turned out, right? I turned out okay, so I don't care if my kids smoke dope when they're 16, you know? Like, well, maybe you didn't turn out okay, right? There's something to be thought about in that way. like no I the way that I went I don't want my children to repeat and I'm very glad and I'm saying this for all of us not necessarily myself but uh we could all say I'm happy where we are wouldn't change a thing but I have the opportunity now to make it the way different for my children so that they don't wrestle with the things that we wrestle with internally they don't have the scars and the torments and the difficulties that sometimes uh boil beneath the surface there's a lot that we have at our opportunity that we have what a blessing oh it overwhelms me to Think of the tremendous responsibility. But what a great wonderful opportunity to make a difference in the lives of other people where maybe others didn't care enough and think enough about it or even know well enough. We do. And therefore, we can act accordingly to make it easier on these young men on these front rows and these young ladies on these front row thinking about their hearts, thinking about their spirits, and thinking about their future. Amen. We can measure measure what we do and what we desire by these things. I think the scriptur is a great measuring stick. We could say it this way. We should make our houses homes must be more than just a common dwelling place. If you took the if you took look at home life anymore and how people handle it, you'll find that it's really no different than a dorm. This is just where people who have different agendas and taking different classes and have different pursuits and different lives. This is just a common place they sleep and keep their stuff. That's the way a lot of houses become. It's just a place they sleep in a common arrangement. They keep their stuff and they share the same refrigerator and they and they write their name on the milk and the cereal and all they have different cupboards and it's just kind of it it's a convenience uh maybe given financial circumstances or whatever more. And that is not how a house should be. It should be a home. You'll find several places in the message of the hour where brother talks about what makes a home. It's the order of the family. It's the order of the house. It's the characteristic of it. So, it's the character. It's what you make of it is what makes a house a home. And that's what we ought to be doing. I think I've said this here before and I believe it stands for all of us that as men, we're homemaker. We're home builders. And as sisters, we're homemakers. And we have a duty and a responsibility to make a home. That goes for our single men, our single sisters. It goes to whoever it is. You have responsibility to take a a home, a house, a dwelling place, whether it be an apartment, it be a basement suite, whether it be a house, whatever it might be, and turn it into a home. And Joshua 3:5, I'm picking up on this to take bring into the thought of sanctification. Those were several things on a home just a little bit to build the idea of home. Now, this is uh sanctifi to sanctify your home. I want you to recognize what I I mean by this. Let me say this. What if God impresses you upon you something that sanctify your home means? I'm not taking away from that, but this is what the inspiration was to me. And Joshua said unto the people, "Sanctify yourselves for tomorrow the Lord will do wonders among you." They're going to be crossing over the Jordan. They're going to be passed over to the promised land. If you could just get that image in your mind of now they're possessing all the things that God told Joshua he needed to do. They're walking in the footsteps of the prophet's message. And he says, "Sanctify yourself." We use consecrate, dedicate. Now, think of this. Consecrate, dedicate, to keep apart, to separate, to be kept as sacred or devoted. And this to me, it just just blew up to me in terms of what sanctify the home means, is we often, and I'll be coming to it here in a moment on the the very specific things that we ought to we were reminded of that we should be doing. And it seems like such subtraction. Take away this and take away that and you shouldn't do this and you shouldn't do that. And there's a lot of no nos that we we think about. But to sanctify your house is to keep it apart and separate and to make it devoted. And so what I want you to think about is that your home ought to be a place that keeps a safe distance from the world. Amen. I mean, it's even the idea of what a an edifice, a dwelling place, a habitation was in in the very beginning was this idea of protection from things and and a place of keeping and separation from the elements and enemies and intruders and and any uh things that would prey upon you. And so there is that's the idea of the house and what would make it a home is a place which keeps a safe distance from the world. So, if you could think about that, that there's there's a there's a the devotion and a setting aside of the atmosphere in our homes that we ought to be doing that gives us that respite and gives our children, gives the husbands, gives the mothers, anyone who comes into that home, they're getting relief from all the things that are in the world. Amen. And this is if you could really just open up your hearts to uh and already maybe catch where the Lord is leading me. If he could give me very direct leadership in the future is uh there's a there's such a detriment to us working from home, schooling from home, socializing from home, everything. It it can all take place within our living rooms, our bedrooms, you name it. Entertainments. It used to be maybe you'd have to leave to go to an entertainment venue and everything that you could do out there in the world can now virt be done either virtually or literally within your home. And we lose something when our homes don't give us the distance that it should from the world. And listen, it's the devices that we hold in our hands. It's the screens that we set before us. It's a lot of the technology that we enjoy that make our lives easier that become spots or sources of influence and touch points with the world where if we took inventory of our daily interactions in our lives, we could ask ourselves, when am I ever getting a safe distance from the world? When when am I ever detoxing digitally? When am I ever not in tune to what's happening? When am I not being informed by the billions of people on Twitter, right? and all the comments and responses that we get in social media and we're constantly being informed by it. I say that's a way that home life is being taken away from us when we're no longer able to get away from the voices and we're constantly informed with news and opinions from outside sources and the home's not a sanctuary anymore. That's right. Can I say amen to myself and that won't won't bother anybody? That's good. It's just so real to me. I can see it in my own life. I can see it in my own home. I just accidentally showed everybody my bald spot on the stream. I might have to might have to edit that a little. But this is Anybody really good in video editing. You got to be really good if you're going to touch that up. But it's something to really think about in a real honest way about how there's no separation anymore. And that's what home should have been. That's what home should be. Uh there's a lot of us who work from home and we recognize the downside to that because then you never leave the office. It's always there. It's always present. It's on your phone. It's on your laptop. You're being pinged. You're being reminded. There's if you work if you're self-employed. There's one of the downsides of self-employment. You're never really off the clock. There's always demands and you could always you wake up in the middle of the night, well, I can always get this done. And there's always something pressing and there's always responsibilities. And the home life that ought to be that sanctuary. There ought to be something set aside about the home that becomes that and it and it's and it's a place that's set aside in in 2 Timothy chapter 2 21. And if I could also say this, it's that dynamic that the church mirrors and and therefore looks to support and provide all the resources necessary to maintain that Because what good would it be if we come here and and then on the whole way home you're getting anxious, right? Because you don't go back to another sanctuary. When we come to church, be from sanctuary to sanctuary. Or if you leave work and you come to church and you leave this sanctuary, you know, you're going to another one when you get home. That's what we ought to have as believers. That's what pro we're promised that as believers. So in 2 Timothy chapter 2 21, this is pulling it out from a much larger thought that I think is extraordinary and very very important. But he's talking about vessels of honor and vessels of dishonor. And if a man therefore purge himself from these, it's the vessels of dishonor. He shall be a vessel unto honor, sanctified, and I just love these phrases, and meat for the master's use, and prepared unto every good work. Brother Ram used sanctification and he uses it very uniquely. It's a compound word which means to uh to cleanse and set aside for service. That's what sanctify means. And he talks about how you find a cup, you find something and you clean it all up that's cleans cle cleansed and set aside for service and then there's an actually putting it into service. And this is to me a scripture that perfectly uh encapsulates that thought that we must sanctify ourselves, purge ourselves. Uh it's basically saying keep yourself from the corrupting influences of dishonorable vessels. Yeah, if you read it in a way Paul's saying you he that keeps himself from the corrupting influences of dishonorable vessels. So you purge yourself from these and are sanctified. Therefore, you're meat for the master's use. You're available. You're ready for the master. You're prepared. You're appropriate. You're complimentary to the master's use. Remember how he says he make Adam a help meat. Now you're meat for the master's use and prepared under every good work all through sanctification. And the word here sanctified in the New Testament Greek, it's to separate from profane things and dedicate to God to consecrate. And this is the image that is means if a man could be sanctified, if he could separate himself, if he could separate from pro profane things, if he can be dedicated to God, if he could be consecrated, well, I believe that our lives ought to be that. And then there I'm talking about doing our houses that way where we can find that it can become a sanctuary for God's presence and it can be a place that others can enter into and be blessed by. I believe that we ought to have the kind of atmosphere in our home that when people come and sit in it, they're blessed by it. They experience a difference that they're moved even even in their spirits uh to know that this is a home that's dedicated to God. It's set aside to God. And when Joshua says, "Sanctify yourselves." And I was really pulling a lot from the Exodus um in this as Joshua's already been told in chapter one to observe to do all that is written therein. Therefore, you're going to make your way successful. When Joshua tells him to sanctify yourselves, he sanctify yourself because tomorrow the Lord's going to do wonders among you. Notice that sanctification was preceding the miracles. And there was this this emphasis on sanctifying themselves and setting themselves apart so that they could participate in observe and be beneficiaries of the miracles and wonders that God was doing. And so in the expression to sanctify yourselves and reading a lot of different scriptures that touched on this uh there would be a in a ceremonial sense there'd be a washing of clothes and a bathing of the body even for the men to abstain from their wives. And this was in a very specific ceremonial sense for them to prepare to sanctify themselves for a move of God. So I'm wanting you to think about this that when Joshua says it, the people that heard it were going to have to make very conscious decisions about what they did to prepare themselves. And then in a spiritual sense, they would be praying, they'd be meditating, they'd be repenting, they'd be doing the things that they ought to do. And so as they prepare to cross over the Jordan, they have this very specific instruction to sanctify themselves because sanctification was necessary in order to cross over. Does not the Bible teach us that with holiness, no man shall see the Lord. And we see that sanctification is a step before we are filled with the h the Holy Ghost. And so there is this sanctification is a very large subject that I'm wanting now to take the concept of sanctification and see how there was very literal practical application of that sanctification to the things that people did in their lives. And as you read it and identify it in in Joshua chapter 3 and other places, the idea was to avoid any influence that might influence their attention away from the miracles. Sanctify yourself. Be of a sober mind. Do not be influenced and intoxicated, energized by, and too caught up in, and oh, you're worried too much about how uh this is going to turn out. You're worried too much about the stock market. You're worried too much about fantasy football. You're worried too much about this this sale that's going to be going on. You're worried too much about this. All these other things that start to drain on someone's mind and saying, "Avoid anything that might influence your attention away from what God is about to do on the tomorrow. Sanctify yourselves. Be ready. Be available. be be conscious and discerning because God's going to do something and don't let your mind be attention being drawn away from it. And don't be in a state of mind where you kill really can't enjoy it and participate in it because God's going to do great things. I I I'll just I'll just say this. God's going to do mighty miracles in our midst. He's going to perform the supernatural and he's going to manifest himself among us. And if we're not in the right place, none of us will see it. And no one can say, "Well, God ain't visiting there." No, we're just not. We're not putting ourselves in position to hear it. We're not pos putting ourselves in position to feel it because God is with us. God is amongst us. He's doing mighty things. He's doing miracles. And sometimes we just need to sanctify ourselves to feel to feel it a little bit. That's right. And so the principle that God identifies just using these few scriptures, these couple scriptures here is how easily our minds are influenced and and how easily our attention can be just turned away. And I believe that there must be a determination, there must be a discipline to keep the world out and the word first. that this is a this is a daily constant routine that there's those people who find themselves who have allergies to certain things and they're not allow allowed to eat um if they're not allowed to eat nuts or they can't have dairy and what they're always on guard, right? And they have people around them who are always on guard. I tried to give Micah uh some really good candy one time and Sister Maddie was like, "Wait, does that I told him to close his eyes. I wanted to surprise him because it was a really unique tasting uh uh chocolatecoed or lemon covered nut or something like that. And I was like, "Man, you got to try this. This is amazing." And and Sister M was like, "Does that have is that have nuts in it?" I'm like, "I almost killed our piano player." And that's what you need. You people are looking out over what's on the label, what are the ingredients, right? And if you have an allergy, every meal you're asking yourself when you go out to eat, you're saying, "What's it? What is this prepared in? Do you have a food allergy? Yes, I have a shellfish. Whatever it might be. And I think all of us have a selfish uh allergy, but the shellfish allergy maybe is a little bit more rare. But the and there's this is one of those things people who have that know it's life or death and they're they have to always be vigilant. And what happens when you're on a flight when somebody's allergic to peanuts? They take everybody's peanuts away. Like nobody can enjoy peanuts on a flight because of it because that's how serious it is. We should be the same way about keeping the world out in the word first where we have some sort of discernment and energy and attitude like, "Hey, I always want to keep my eyes open. I want to be sensitive. I want to be aware. I want to be recognizing influence and what can get in and mix things up and what can cause things to go a little bit sideways." We ought to have that. Yes, sir. We ought to have that for the benefit of others so that we can be the ones say, "Hey, wait a minute. Does that have too much of the world in it? Does that have the wrong kind of influence? Does it have a little bit of le I don't know that I don't that that's not going to work for my child, right? may work for somebody else's, but that's not going to work for mine because we're we know what works. We know what hurts. And in Joshua chapter 3, when he asked them to sanctify themselves, it wasn't much different than what God had asked him to do in the Exodus and the night of the Passover. In Exodus 12:15, it says, "Seven days shall you eat unleaven bread. Even the first day you shall put away leaven out of your houses. For whosoever eateth leaven bread from the first end to the seventh day, that soul shall be cut off from Israel. Now I know that many of you recognize this as the concept of what we call in the message applying the token. Now brother Bram does something very extraordinary when he preaches the token sermons. Um I think he preaches them five times and then desperation. It's kind of a companion to that and preaches it all over the United States and different places. And it's applying the token was to take the blood and put it on the doorpost and lentil. Right? That was that was the literal in our minds putting the blood as an outward sign that the lamb was being partaken of in the house. And as a prophet, he says it doesn't stop there. He uses this scripture, not just verse 13. He uses this scripture as applying the token and how that the act the concept of applying the token was in getting the leaven out. Now I know I realize now that I'm running out of time. If I just wouldn't have amended myself, I'd be so much further down the road here. But this is I want to be able to ready my thoughts here because there's so much that could be said in the the act of applying the token. And I can already tell some of you getting tense, right? We know where this goes whenever, and don't worry, I'll read the quotes. Uh, we already know where it goes when someone talks about applying the token. Brother Ram doesn't mince his words. He's very, very plain about it. But this is what I want to be sure is not missing the context, right? It wasn't it wasn't as if Moses and a group of guys kind of got together and said, "You know what? We're wanting to go gluten-free. So, it'd be easier on us if everybody else was gluten-free. So, we're just gonna tell everybody to get the the leaven out and and to make sure there's no gluten in the houses or, you know, my son has an allergy. If you could do your best not to do this. This was God saying it's a matter of life or death. And he's he's he's symbolizing something and he's expressing something. There's so much in this. And so the concept of applying the token is the act of sanctifying your home. Uh what literally happened in in in the in ex in the Exodus is the removal of leaven which is an influence that pervades the whole loaf. And this is the concept. I guess I'll just go ahead and keep continue to amplify it that the commandment was to not eat any leaven bread. Right? Because if anyone eats any leaven bread they be cut off from Israel. Right now, if it was you or I, we would just say, "I promise not to eat any leaven bread." And we would have leaven bread in the pantry. And we would just keep telling ourselves, "Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't eat it. Don't eat it." I don't know why this happened, but on Sunday, someone in the church made sure there was 12 donuts delivered to my house to see whether or not I would eat a dozen donuts and have enough self-will not to do it. And I'm a Christian. I didn't eat one of those donuts. and I was trying to give them away and other people at my m but I managed not to eat any of them but that would be our idea but God takes it a step further and he says because eating leaven something leaven is going to cause a curse then don't have any leaven in your house because in the absence of leaven you can't have a leavened bread right so this is actually God's wisdom this is God giving us some wisdom and some um tools to say well if you keep finding yourself having to deal with something and deal with something over and over again instead of just trying to remediate the consequences and effects of it. How about getting down to the root cause and removing the root cause and finding out that the blessing comes when the cursing leaves from getting rid of the underlying thing. And that is what's being taken place here is God is telling him to remove the influence the leavenan which has the ability to pervade the whole lump. And instead of I would want us to think very spiritually and if I could encourage you to do this tonight before I read these statements is be very mature about this about these prescriptions in God's word and not think just so legalistically because I think what what's happened to us is a lot of us we've been forcefed it legalistically so it has that taste whenever we hear it all right because it was given to us legalistically and we were told bless God you have a TV in your home you'll never be a deacon in this church right and we kind of always just associate with this legalism and legalism and it was never given the context that no this is this is not legalism. This has given you a little bit of wisdom to identify a way that you can live a better life as a Christian, the way that you can overcome, the way that you can uh prosper and and protect your children. There's a lot more to it than just making everybody look the part. And so just two statements that brother uses. I I went I went with these two and just left anything else out just to just to identify the usual suspects. But I want you to think maturely about this. He says, he said, "Get all the filth out of your house. Put every all leaven out. You can't have no levaven. When this marker come into your house, this token, you cannot have a leaven in it. That's the world." So there's this thought of purging your home from the world whenever the token is applied. Now, if you want to get legalistic, then I don't know that you could have a home. Right? I mean, what what is not from the tree of knowledge of good and evil? it is not have some root uh rudimentary element from the world. There's a lot of ways that we need to be think materially about it, think spiritually about it. So there is a wisdom that is able to look at influence and say if I'm going to sanctify my home, if I'm going to aside my home, if it's going to be a sanctuary, then there's certain things that can't be in it. There's certain things that ought to have moderation. There's certain things that not ought to not have the preeminence or be so easily accessed. So then in another place, I think this is a little bit earlier, he says this, apply the token to your house. That's that phrase that's so common to us. Apply the token. Apply the token. Apply the token. But again, I want you to think about apply the token is something not legalistic, but it's something that is demonstration of maturity. It's something done for very specific reason. It's done to sanctify the home, which is to get distance from the world. Apply the token to your house. Then what you do when you apply it to your house, move all the trash out. And then these are things that brother Bham explicitly identifies. But if we could think maturely about it, we would think about what he's identifying instead of just thinking that we could somehow create a laundry list and if you would just let me come into all your houses and get rid of all these things and our church will be sanctified. Nope. Right. Ain't going to do it. Haven't we learned that? I remember one time when we were in uh in in Texas, a young girl had gotten had an experience with the Lord and just coming really strong to the Lord and she was uh it was just happening over just a matter of days and and my brothers and some other young people like let's just go to her apartment and and they all went over there and they're dumping alcohol out and trashing all sorts of stuff and I just like man guys I'm not having one thing to do with this because it just didn't seem right to me you know and it was kind of like we're going to apply the token and it and you know it only lasted a few days. I think all they did was cause her a lot of more money on, you know, 9-in nail CDs and and and alcohol. I mean, it was just they didn't really do her any favors. And but you can't it can't be something that's prescribed in a well, if I can just do this. No, it's got to be, as brother Loyal put out, I'm looking for a city. This has got to be something real burning inside of me and I got a vision and I got a purpose and I realize these are things I can start identify in my life that I can touch on and take care of that's going to benefit me spiritually. it's going to make a difference for me spiritually. And so these are things that start maybe could become use it in whatever language is more appropriate for you today. But he says get all the short skirts and the shorts and the cards and the cigarettes and the televisions and whatever more and kick them out the door. And I say amen to that. Amen. And he says, "You're going to apply the token. Won't stand still for it." Yes, sir. Take it all out. All the dances and the parties and the rock and roll and old vulgar newspapers and the stuff that's of the world. kick it out the door. Say, "We're cleaning out this place around here." Now, I had some other statements to read. We're not going to get to them tonight, but Brother Brandham is making in in the the idea of gathering around the word. He says, um, he says, "Get the old beer out of the ice box. Take the cards off the table and, um, and these other things. Let me see what's in your office and in your house and I'll tell you what you are. And and I was going to say when we came to that that you if it if it's not beer cans in the ice box or cards on the table, you know what the the equivalent is. Could I say that? In in these things that we read here, dance parties and rock and roll and old vulgar newspapers and stuff like that, you know what the equivalent is? Come on. Let's not one not let not one man fool himself tonight by leaving here and say, "Well, I don't have one dirty magazine in my house." Well, you know there's other things that have no place in your house, right? And justify it because it's digital. I I I trust to God nobody does that. But don't find any kind of safety and antiquated language. Let the Holy Spirit update these things to where we are today. Because as I kind of just alluded to on Sunday, just kind of a way to get us thinking is when brother Bam told us too many people stay home on Wednesday nights and watch television and and and that's what they're viewing me on right now. And I wanted people just to think about it a little bit because it's a way that we update it today to say, "Hey, I need to use Holy Ghost discernment about how these things have evolved." And it's the same spirit presenting itself a little bit differently, but having the same impact of bondage and the same way of tearing down families and and corrupting our young people and pro providing them access to things that are going to completely tear up their minds. And these are things that he identifies that hopefully by God's grace we can update to today's language or we can find the equivalent for in our lives. Whatever these things allude to, whether it be fashion, whether it be entertainments, whether it be things we ingest, things that we view, whatever it is that might influence us, whatever that is that might enthuse us, anything that is of a pervasive influence that tends to the things of the world and gets us further from the word. And you know what standards I believe there's a baseline standard that we all can should align up line up with and that's the message of the hour. But you'll find that in life there's there's some people who have greater dietary restrictions because of what their body can tolerate. Or there's people that can suffer more because of what their body can endure. And there's some people that are going to have to take a much greater level of sanctification in their home because of the susceptibilities that their children have or the tendencies that they have themselves. So make no one else your standard and do what you know you have to do in your home. You say, "Well, brother so and so does it." So that means it's okay for us. I I don't know. You got to do what you know is right for your house, for your home. I'm gonna I had a lot more to share with you tonight and we'll just leave it for another time. But let me end with this scripture in Ephesians 4:27. Neither give place to the devil. That's what sanctifying your home is all about. Not getting giving any place to the devil. That I have a home that I'm responsible over. I have if you have at a home I think about some of our people uh our young people and there's several in this church that live on their own and that that that place where you live whether it be a house whether it be an apartment wherever it is you dwell you have a responsibility over that to sanctify that for yourself for anyone else who'd come and be a part of it you want it to be a dwelling place not only for yourself to where you lay your head where you keep your stuff but you want the Holy Spirit to be welcome there so much about what we're talking about is is creating an atmosphere where he's welcome. That's why we do the things that we do at church. We try to keep the sanctuary u a sanctified atmosphere so the Holy Spirit can be welcome. And this is a phrase that you could use if anybody wants to take it and put in a real pretty font and use a really nice filter and put a really nice sunset scene behind it and post it on Instagram. It's Instagrammable. Neither give place to the devil. This is so true. It should be a theme. It should be something we think about. I don't want to give the devil any room to work any occasion. I do not want to be giving him a place at my table. I do not want to be giving him an opportunity in my home. And you say, "Well, brother Aaron, then where what do we do and how far do we need to take it?" You know, if we really start to think about it and you start to think, "Well, if I do that, then I won't be able to do anything." Then maybe you shouldn't, right? If that's if that's what you start thinking is, well, I won't even be able to do anything if I do that. If I do that, I won't be able to have this. I won't be able to do this. I won't be able to watch this. I won't be able to watch that. then maybe you shouldn't cuz what it's telling you is you're letting the devil in everywhere and you haven't developed any bar boundaries to them and that if this is where I didn't want to get into it but I'll just say it applying the token and sanctifying your home is the process of identifying strongholds recognizing where where is the Satan got a tow hold in my home because I I feel like I'm doing so many other things right but something keeps popping its head up when you sanctify your home you find out where the imp is hiding you find out where the devil's been hiding like, whoa, who thought it would have been there? Had no idea this is the door it was backing through. Had no idea this is where it was coming through. But that's what happens when you start to sanctify your home is you begin to make your your habitation a dwelling place for the most high. And there shall no evil come nigh your dwelling when you do that. So you have to start identifying the strongholds. And this is what I'd like for you to leave with this inspiration is in sanctifying my home. I want to give no place to the devil. And that sanctifying the home or applying the token instead of thinking legalistically anymore, think it's about removing influences, removing stumbling blocks, and creating a place that gives a safe distance from the world. That's what it means. Next, Lord willing, next Wednesday, we can get talk on more on gathering around the word and uh living for others. But let's let's stand together
