################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-01-29 - Bro. Tim Cross Three Kinds of Christians - Tim Cross.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2023-01-29
Title:    Bro. Tim Cross: Three Kinds of Christians
Speaker: Tim Cross
Church:   Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Short Clip
Duration: 52m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gN-u5OhBMSw
========================================

Description:
Bro. Tim Cross
Three Kinds of Christians
Sunday Service: January 29, 2023
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
three kinds of Christians and you may find that only only one of these kinds is actually a a true Christian but still there are there are many varieties uh of so-called Christians in the world today um you know just just to be a Christian by definition it's to be Christlike but we realize Satan has taken definitions and he's always trying to change them He's always trying to shift a definition to one way or another. And I'm thankful that we have been we've had our our our minds refreshed or rejuvenated or renewed in this hour to understand the true definition of what a Christian is because it's it's it's international. It has no barriers. It has no boundaries. Amen. It applies to to every soul living on the earth. They have the the right, they have the opportunity, the chance to accept Christ as their savior and for the very life of Jesus Christ to express itself through them. Amen. And make them a living witness of his kingdom. So I I the first type of Christian I want to talk about this morning could could be called a Leodysian Christian or a lukewarm believer or what I would call a casual Christian. You know we're living in a world today uh as a result of the spirit of the age being a lukewarm spirit which is neither hot it's it's not cold. So it it it's basically, you know, extremes are dangerous, extremes are frowned upon, extremes are unwelcome. So, it seems like there's there's a real push in the supernatural realm or the demonic realm to make everyone marginalized, you know, just just to move them into the middle where we're all just this one big mesh or or a pile of mashed potatoes, you know, and we're all called Christians. uh whether you're Protestant or Catholic or whatever, you know, all roads lead to Rome and all these different ideas lead to eternal life or salvation. And and so it seems like we're living in an age where to be differentiated or to be distinct or to be ex exclusive is frowned upon. But I want to remind you this morning that when Jesus was here on earth 2,000 years ago, he said, "I am the way, the truth, and the life. No man cometh to the father but by me. So he established himself as being a singular source. Amen. Of truth of life. And we know by the teaching of the message of the hour that he was that tree of life. Amen. Which there in Eden. And when Eve parttook of that other choice, Amen. she and all humanity entered unto death. And the way of the tree of life, amen, was blocked by cherubams with flaming swords. However, it was reopened by the person of Christ. Amen. Who said, "I am the way, the truth, and the life." And he and the way was reopened for us to enter into what was once forbidden. Amen. And there, I love this because as ministers of the gospel, we are like those cherubams with flaming swords, except now we're not prohibiting the way of the tree of life. We are pointing others to Christ. Amen. Amen. Unlike Lucifer who wanted to pull a certain portion of the worship to himself and become part of it or become the object of it, true ministers of the gospel are only pointing to Jesus Christ. Amen. That's the only ministry we have. Amen. So, uh we we but we we want to be guarded. We realize part of being a good soldier or part of being a good warrior for any cause is to understand your opponent and to learn the tactics of the enemy so that we can fortify ourselves and guard against the enemy's ways. It's like brother Benham talking about studying the opponent in the boxing ring. When you learn how he's going to punch, Amen. You learn how to guard and defend yourself and not become the victim. Amen. but to overcome. Amen. By blocking and by countering with something he's not expecting. So, we're guarding against the spirit of the age. We're guarding against a lukewarm spirit. We're guarding against the idea that, hey, we just need to blend in, you know, we we we don't need to be offensive. We we don't need and I and I know friend in saying this that some people think that the virtue of a Christian is being odd or being unusual or being different. But the thing about it is true Christians don't have to try to be different. They are different by virtue of the fact they've been bought with a price. They have been redeemed. They become the exclusive property of the Lord Jesus himself and his very life is manifesting itself through them which is nothing to be ashamed of. Amen. Amen. So they can stand boldly and proudly. And I I would just say this this morning to encourage you all and especially the young people, you know, sometimes you're made to feel like, hey, you know, when when we go out of these doors, when we leave this church service or we leave the sanctuary of our home, you know, we we kind of need to um we we kind of need to, you know, just um blend a little better. You know, don't be so outspoken. Don't don't be so overt with what we believe. But I want to tell you, the world is craving what you have. Your friends at school wish their parents would love them the way your parents love you. They wish they had standards. They wish they had a real value. Amen. That wasn't given to them by the world, but was given to them by whom they have become. Amen. The the purchased possession of the world is craving what you have. Amen. So don't be ashamed of it. Be proud. Amen. And again, be thankful, but but live the values, live the as as sons and daughters of God and find out it is a magnetic effect. Amen. That even though you feel resentment and you feel criticism, Amen. actually it's a deep longing within their heart to know the Lord Jesus the way you know him. And if you'll just be salty, Amen. They'll come one day for a taste and they'll ask you, "What makes you different? What gives you peace? What gives you stability? How come you don't lash out? How come you're not, you know, retaliatory? How come you you're there's there's something different about you?" And when they ask, you can give an answer. I found someone who gives me value, who gives me life. Amen. I found a a a worthwhile cause. Brother Benham uses this illustration in the breach. He said a woman just called up another woman said you know I'm Episcopelian said I spoke in tongues the other day. I believe I received the Holy Ghost but sh don't tell nobody. The prophet of God said I doubt that very much. You might have spoke with tongues but you set a man on fire. How is he going to set still? That's right. See, you can't do it. Could you imagine Peter, James, and John and them in the upper room saying, "Oh, we got the Holy Ghost now, but maybe we better just keep still, brother." Through windows and doors and everything, they went out into the street acting like a bunch of drunks. That's the real Holy Ghost. I want to tell you, it's not an act. Amen. It's It's not something you put on and take off. It's a reality. and you haven't so much latched on to it, but it has latched on to you. It has it has totally Amen. It's it's it's it's saturated every fiber of your being. Amen. So that everything you do is the life of Jesus Christ living itself out of you. Amen. Oh, it is a great contrast to the world today. But you know, and I I just want to take a moment in this. The devil is trying to marginalize us all. He's trying to make everything lukewarm. Amen. He's our dress, our our our testimony, our our conduct, you know, it's almost now to to even pray in public. Amen. But we shouldn't be ashamed. We should be like Daniel that when they said commanded them not to pray to their God the very next morning, the Bible says Daniel didn't change one single thing. He threw those windows open. He sh He He prayed aloud to God. Oh, Father, I thank thee. Amen. He was not a lukewarm Christian. He was not ashamed. He knew his connection to God was the secret to his success. And he said, "I'm not letting any pressure or any power temper. Amen. I'm not changing a thing. I'm going to be just as bold as I've ever been." Well, God was pretty proud of his stand because God, Amen, maintained his identity. He maintained his relationship with Daniel because Daniel understood the source of his strength. And that's the thing, friends. Christians are helpless. Christians, by the world's standards, are mindless. They're weak-minded, pitiful people that are totally dependent on a belief system, on a faith, on a god that to the world is imaginary, but to you and I, it's the only true reality that exists. Why? because we have met him and our lives have been transformed by the power of the almighty God. The same God that spoke to a chaotic creation and said let there be has spoken into our lives and quickened his very life from the midst of our bosom. So we are his exclusively. Amen. We belong to him and we give him all the glory, all the praise for he is our very purpose, our very existence. Amen. Is Christ alone. Amen. Praise the Lord. I don't want to be a casual Christian. Amen. Do you? The next type of Christian I'll call the costume Christian. You know, we just come through Halloween and end of October and you know, it's it's a the roots of that very holiday are in the occult uh Satanism, the dark side of the spiritual realm. And so, you know, I don't know all the roots of it necessarily, but I I'm not too big a fan of dressing up like some goblin or witch or ghost or Hollywood character and going out and passing out candy canes because, you know, when you understand the roots of these things, paganism and heathenism and idolatry, it makes you a little less willing to join on and be identified with it. Amen. I'm I need to be careful. I'm in another man's pulpit and y'all may have a trick-or- treat party here for all I know. But the costume Christian is someone whose Christianity is something they put on and take off. They dress up on Sunday. They go to church. They look and act the part. But just as easily as it is put on, it can be taken off. And sometimes they take it off on the drive home. Someone pulls out in front of them, someone does something in traffic and they, you know, I I years ago there was a a pastor friend of mine. He would tell his grandson says, "Boys, don't lose your religion." You know, they get to fight and they get to argue and he say, "Don't lose your religion, boys." And I thought, "Well, you know, if all that's if that's all you ever got, you need to lose it. If that's all you ever got was something that can so easily be stripped away or taken away or put off of you, you need a real experience. Because too many people are coming to the house of God pretending to be Christians and they've never had the new birth. They've only learned to mimic or to replicate through action what they know God's expectations are. But let me tell you this morning, God doesn't make a requirement without making a way to meet the requirement. God's not expecting you yourself within your own power or your own devices to live up to his expectations. What he's looking for is a surrender where you surrender your life and you die on the same cross that he died on. You die to self. You die to ability. You die to legalism. You die to all of these things that the devil himself can replicate. Amen. Where the very life of Christ comes and lives in through you. That is not so easily taken off. The Lord. Hallelujah. That is not something you you put and hang up in the closet until Wednesday night or until prayer meeting or until it's time to impress the pastor or time to check off the box that you've done your religious duty for the week. friend. I don't want to be that kind of Christian. And I don't want to worship with that kind of Christian. I want to worship with Christians who are Christians in the trenches. Amen. There are Christians in the parade. Amen. They're Christians through and through. Amen. It's not something they put on and take off. Amen. It's who they are. And it is oozing out of every pore of them as sons and daughters of God. Now, I'm going to tell you, you know, to have this, it requires a different diet because the world is all about appearances. And when we the things, and I'm way off my notes here, but when we see brother Benham attacking Hollywood and the spirit of Hollywood, you know, it it wasn't brother Brandham saying if you've got a television in your home, you're going to hell. But what he was I believe what he was seeing was the danger of of of the spirits and televisions, radios, music and even conversation are avenues or channels by which spirits they're they're vehicled through those things. So through there through the through the uh invention of television things were introduced into the home that apart from that screen and speakers would have never been permitted in the home. Adultery Amen. Uh all these things uh cheating, stealing, lying, dishonesty, amen, would have never been permitted in person. But the channel those spirits were channeled through uh visual and audio. Amen. where people became accepting of these things because they took down the barrier and deemed it funny, humorous, or you know that really is how it is at work or that really is how it is. So they they become I don't want to say it softened or or or they become more uh uh desensitized. Yes. It just becomes less offensive because hey, it's the way of the world. We're here in the world. So, we become it becomes less repulsive as a result of it being channelneled in this way. Well, it's a spirit and there's not hard there's hardly one authentic thing in entertainment today. Whether it's music, video, television, sports, almost everything in the world today is acted. It's rehearsed. It's choreographed. It is pre-recorded and played sometimes even with a delay. It's fake. We are living in a world that is propped up by things that have no real authenticity or validity to them. But yet the world gobbles it up. And I know because I'm in sales. I just moved into a sales role and I've learned that people like the salesman who's the best liar. They know he's lying. Yeah, it they're conscious of the fact that what he's saying it could never actually happen in reality, but they like the way he says it. They like the way he spins it. They like the appearance. Amen. They like the way it makes them feel. And as a result of that, they issue a PO. That is so much like the world today. It's all about the way it makes them feel. Well, brother Tim, I I I I like going to that church because yeah, you know, but I just feel so good. Well, you come as you are and leave as you were. But that's not apostolic. That's not what the way I read my Bible. The way I read my Bible is every service should be a transformation. You should You can come in with weights, with cares, with burdens. Amen. With with dirt on your clothes, spiritually speaking. Amen. But you can leave changed. Amen. You can come in with depression and you can leave liberated. Hallelujah. Amen. It should make a difference. Every service with God's power. Amen. Moving and stirring through the service itself. It's a release. Amen. It's a It's a sacrifice of the old you or whatever you came in that door with. And you go out, Amen. with the same anointing, the same radiance of the pillar of fire that was on the prophet because you've met the same God of that prophet. Brother and sister, you can have that every service. You can have that with whoever's standing behind this pullpit. You can have that with whatever songs are sung or whatever musician, what whatever you put into it is what you get out of it. But when you come to the service saying, "This is my service. Amen. This is this is my opportunity. I'm coming in here. I'm going to leave this at the altar and I'm going to go out a free person. Amen. You'll get it. You'll experience. But costume Christians, Achen was a costume Christian. You remember Achen? He kept a Babylonian garment and a golden wedge tucked away in the closet. Now, I'm going out on a bit of a limb here to say this, brother Aaron, but I I I only I can only, you know, speculate as to what the reasons were for Achen having done this. But I would imagine Achen was like so many people that thought, you know something, just in the unlikely event that things ever go south, Okay. Okay. And and and God doesn't vindicate his prophet and his followers like he for all of of of known time up till now has. I've got an out. I've got an escape plan. All I've got to do is slip on this Babylonian garment. And when we're being trounced and destroyed by an enemy army, I'll blend in with the enemy and escape with my life. I'm sure he had all kinds and we have all kinds of rationalizations as to how this is for the good. This is for our posterity. This is for the children. Brother Tim, we don't want them to have to suffer the way we suffer. Why not? If it made you the battle scarred, hardened, devil destroyed Christian you are. Why can't they get the same experience? suffering a little reproach never hurt anybody. Facing some criticism. You know, we uh I'm I'm brother Aaron. You you're going to have to take a few messages to smooth all this up. We had some young people come back from a youth camp and begin facing criticism not from their worldly classmates, from other believing young people. And you know, your first reaction as a a leader or a parent is who dare dare they? But you know what? Then I thought about I thought, no, every Christian all throughout time has had to suffer persecution for the cause of Christ. I'm not dare going to stand in the way of it. They stand for God. God will stand for them. Amen. I may be off the scene one day, brother Aaron, and I won't be there to protect them. And then they're going to need a connection with God. So, it's it's it's high time that they go ahead and learn that serving God costs. Serving God comes at a price. Being identified with the message of the hour comes at a cost. And if you're looking like Achen to get out of that, amen, you may die as a result of your unwillingness, Amen. to be completely, wholly, fully sold out to the cause. Amen. So, I don't want to be a costume Christian this morning. Amen. I don't want it to be something I put on and take off. I want it to be reality. Amen. There was another king. I I I'm I'm slipping here just a bit on memory as to who it was, but I believe it was when uh it was it was when um it Yeah, it was Ahab. Ahab and Jehoshaphat. You remember the story? They were going to join forces and go to battle. But Ahab tells his good old buddy Jehoshaphat, you dress up in your kingly robes, Jehoshaphat, you know, be be clearly identifiable from maybe a mile or so away as a king of of Israel or king of Judah, and I will disguise myself. Yeah. Because Ahab was under a prophecy that his life was going to end and the dogs were blood. Let me tell you this morning, you're not going to escape prophecy. It's coming to pass. And your efforts, amen, to thwart it are only going to fulfill it. You better understand what God has sent in this hour was not the thoughts of a man. It wasn't the ideas of a man. It wasn't something William Brandham concocted with a seventh grade education. It was the voice of God. God spoke through the lips of his prophet. And it didn't stop there. Amen. Just like Elijah, he said, "God, only I am left." He said, "Oh, no. There's 7,000 that have not bowed to need a bell." God has called some believers who accept the message of the hour as God's very voice. And they are the echo. Amen. They are the extension of that voice. Amen. And Ahab died that day in his disguise because the arrow of prophecy smoked him. And he died to fulfill prophecy. Amen. I want to fulfill the other side of it. Amen. Fulfill the other side of it. Throw Jezebel down. Who is on the Lord's side? You know, and brother Erin, I'm way off. I'm just a little bit scattered this morning, but I feel real good here. I feel like I'm right at home. Have we been together before? Was it in the mind of God before the foundation of the world when the morning stars sang together and the sons of God shouted for joy? Well, then this is just a family reunion this morning. Amen. And we're going to resume this really soon in eternity and never have to say goodbye again. Oh my friends. Let me move on. There's another kind of Christian and this is the kind I want to be. And no doubt you do too. The contagious Christian. The kind of Christian that everybody knows there goes a real son of God, a real daughter of God. Amen. You know, I realize, friend, again, I I want to keep this balanced. I realize there are people that wear their Christianity like a boy scout patch, right? They they want to be branded. Oh, and it's not just Christianity. It's even so-called message believers. They want to wear a pin. They want to wear something that identifies with with a certain sect of message believers. Friend, we ought to be we ought to outgrow that. We ought to outgrow that. Your pin, your badge, your patch can be put on or taken off. But the bleeding blood, the bloody word that the bride has been washed in, is a stain remover and it's an irreovable stain. Amen. Amen. It'll wash all your sins away. Amen. But it will it will permanently encase you or ent trap you. Amen. It's a shroud that envelops every Christian. It's the secret place that David spoke of in the rapture. He shall hide me. Amen. We're hidden in Christ. We are enveloped. We are enshrouded in his glory. And to the world, we look like a mystic. Amen. But we're sealed and we're waiting for his return. At which point, amen, our bodies will be transformed into glorified bodies. And we'll go to meet him in the air. Amen. Let me read in first Peter. Uh let let me turn to a few places in the scripture. I'm doing all right on time. I believe it's it's only uh well it's 1:00 back home so I should be dismissing back east. But let's go to Acts 5:1 17. I believe it's important that you have a foundation in the scriptures and John not just to believe it because brother Aaron said it or brother Tim said it but you need to understand it all sources from right here even the message I was listening brother Brandham preach the five definite identifications of the of the living church and he said I'm this is coming right out of scripture and I thought but but brother Brandham they didn't have the same lens that you have as a prophet so when He's looking in those scriptures. The scriptures are coming out in 3D and he's saying, "This is today. This is who this is. This is what that is." See, with that prophetic gift, well, we look through that same lens and we don't try to add another filter to it. We look at it through that prophetic lens and it makes the word come out in 3D to you and I. So, Acts 5:1 17. Then the high priest rose up, and all they that were with him, which is of the sect of the Sadducees, and were filled with indignation, and they laid their hands on the apostles, and put them in the common prison. But the angel of the Lord by night opened the doors, opened the prison doors, and brought them forth, and said, "Go stand and speak in the temple to all the people, to the people, excuse me, all the words of this life." And when they had heard that, they entered into the temple early in the morning, and taught. But the high priest came, and they that were with him, and called the council together, and all the senate of the children of Israel, and sent to the prison to have them brought. But when the officers came, they found them not in the prison. They they came and found them not in the prison, they returned and told, saying, "The prison truly found we shut with all safety, and the keeper standing without before the doors. But when we'd opened, we found no man within. Now when the high priest and the captain of the temple and the chief priests heard these things, they doubted of them where unto this would grow. Then uh they then came one and told them, saying, excuse me, then went the captain with the officers and brought them without violence, for they feared the people, lest they should have been stoned. Their witness was so powerful. It was shaking. The the the foundations of every world empire were shaking because of what God was doing through a handful of believers. the established government, the established uh military, political, economic, and ecclesiastical powers were having their very foundations shaken by a couple hundred believers. Where are we, church? The move is on for the bride. Amen. The pillar of fire is moving and the children of God are following the pillar of fire, right? They're not following a man. They're not following a personality. They're not following a movement that men formed. To be a tribute or a legacy to some other man. They're following the pillar of fire. And as a result of that, God is moving and God is shaking the very foundations of hell. And when they when they brought them, verse 27, they set them before the council, and the high priest asked them, saying, "Did not we straightly command you that ye should not teach in this name? And behold, you have filled Jerusalem with your doctrine, and intend to bring this man's blood on us." It was already done. These men weren't guilting them. It was their own conscience. That was tugging on them. Every time these men preached and every time these Christians walked out the door of their homes, their lives were bringing conviction on those who were guilty of the crucifixion of the Lord. It's unavoidable, friend. Just by virtue of the fact that you breathe and have blood pressure is a rebuke to Satan. It brings conviction. It just by contrast of the life that's living itself through you. That's what causes the awkwardness. That's what causes the tensions. That's what causes others to, you know, migrate another direction when you walk in the room. But one day and some way, God will use that same power to attract those other remaining members of this body who have yet to experience what you experience. And when the last one comes in, we're all going home. So, what I'm saying is keep living it. Keep You're just a conduit, friend, for God to flow through. And the wider you can open your heart, the more God that can come through you out to others. Is that right? Did we not straightly command you? You have filled Jerusalem with your doctrine and intend to bring this man's blood upon us. Then Peter and the other apostles answered and said, "We ought to obey God rather than men." The God of our fathers raised up Jesus, whom you slew and hanged upon a tree. Him hath God exalted with his right hand to be a prince and a savior, and to give repentance to Israel, and forgiveness of sins. And we are his witnesses of these things. And so is also the Holy Ghost, whom God hath given to them that obey him. Amen. We're witnesses this morning. Amen. I want to I want to say this with all due respects to all of the great pioneers that God has used to make us make the way for us to be here today. Amen. William Brandham was a witness. Amen. The men who lived in his time and saw that. Amen. And embraced it. Amen. And were joined to it to carry that witness on. Many of those men are going by the way of the grave. But they are not the only witnesses. The witness of God is still in the earth today. Amen. through a people whom the same power has transformed their lives. Amen. Oh my. First Peter, I'm I'm I'm trying to find a stopping place here. 1 Peter chapter 3. 1 Peter chapter 3. Now, just bear with me here and and and read this. Read yourself into this. Likewise, ye wives, be in subjection to your own husbands, that if any obey not the word, they also may without the word be one by the conversation of the wives. Now, we know conversation isn't just what you say with your lips. Conversation deals with your manner of life. The way you live says something. The way you live speak something whether you open your mouth or not. Right? While they behold your chasteed conversation coupled with fear whose adorning, let it not be that outward adorning of plating the hair and of wearing of gold or of putting on of apparel. See, Paul is preaching the message I'm preaching. It's not in the appearances. It's not in the looks that it has an effect on that. But that isn't the driver. The driver is what's on the inside flowing out through your appearance and your dress and your hair and your jewelry and all of these things. Let it be, verse four, the hidden man of the heart, and that which is not corruptible, even the ornament of a meek and quiet spirit, which is in the sight of God of great price. And the story that comes to mind here is the little woman whose husband was a drunk or like to corral, you know, go with the guys after work and have a beer together. And in the at the bar, somebody says, you know, there's no such a thing as a genuine Christian anymore. They're all hypocrites. They all dress up, go to church on Sunday morning, then they lie, cuss, and steal. There there's a brother here, and I'm just going to break every rule. And there's a joke back from from where I from the Carolinas about a man who took his parrot with him to the grocery store and said, "Parrot, uh, this is grocery store." store and a parrot said grocery store, grocery store. And then he took him to the post office. He said, "Parro, this is post office." And he said, "Post office, post office." Then he took the parrot to the club, the nightclub on on Saturday night. He said, "Uh, Mr. Parrot, this is the nightclub where we all come and party and spend all the money we earned Monday through Friday." And the parrot says, "Night club? Nightclub." Well, then the man shows up in church the next morning. Oh dear. And said, "Parro, this is church." And the parents said, "Same crowd. Same crowd." That's not what we want. That's a pretty extreme example, right? But that's the way the world looks at many Christians is it's just a social network. They're just posers. They don't have any reality. They they cuss, they lie, they steal, they desire the same things we desire. They just, you know, they say if if you ever go fishing, don't take just one Baptist or he'll drink all the beer. That's the truth. They just convict each other because there's no real conviction down on the inside. Amen. To take that desire away and let the life of Jesus Christ live from the inside. Amen. I'm sorry, but there you can you'll spend a lot of time patching this all up, but this man at the bar said, "I take exception. I know a true Christian. I know a real Christian. And right now we can go and see." He took his buddies, drug him into that to the home that late night. Here's a wife, you know, gets up to welcome them in the door and he says, "Oh, honey, you know, you know the story. Make me some breakfast." And threw the eggs on the floor, threw everything, made a big scene. She just went right back over to the stove. Must Jesus bear the cross alone. And oh, see, it was a real life. And she was praying for the salvation of her husband. And she had faith and persistence. If I can just maintain what I have, one day there's going to be a breakthrough. Brother, sister, one day there's going to be a breakthrough. You just keep pressing. You just keep believing. Amen. You put one foot in front of the other. Keep your mind, keep your face, Amen. Keep your direction set on Calvary. Amen. And one day the reality that holds you, Amen, will grip them also. Amen. And that man and his buddies looked said, "That's a real Christian." And that night, she led him and his cohorts to a real Amen. A real meeting with the same one that she had met so many years ago. Amen. Now, the contagious Christian, it's contagious. And there ain't no inoculation that can can make you safe against it. If you ever really get in contact with a real firebranded son and daughter of God, it'll light your candle or relight it, it'll make you want the God that they serve. It'll make you desire. You know, we've all experienced that. Amen. On your conversion. Amen. the person who led you to the Lord or the person, Amen, who just every time you get around them, you just enjoy that fellowship because you know they're not talking about the scores or they're not talking about this or that. Amen. They're they're just there's something it's not a glitter, it's not a glamour, it's a glow. It's got a it's got a radiant warmth that just comes out of them and and flows over you, too. And I'm going to just take a moment here and read from the Patmas vision where brother Ben's talking about the the candlestick and and the lampstand and he says how beautiful when speaking of John when he turned he saw this one like the son of man standing in the midst of the seven golden lampstands. You know that's the same one Nebuchadnezzar saw in the fire. Amen. Now, John is seeing him standing in his church, his redeemed body on the earth, has God's very glory in the midst of her. And the lampstand was hooked to I'm just skipping through this, you understand for time, hooked into this big main oil sensor. And this oil come forth up to a little odd-shaped lamp that set with a wick in it. and the wick hung down into the oil. They poured oil into the top of the stand which filled up this big main stem and the big branch and it run out into the stems like this. And the lamp with the wick hanging down this piping kept burning day and night. You never had to light it. It never went out. That's a contagious Christian. You see, they just kept pouring oil in the main pipe. And these lampstands that come out like this had the lamp sitting on top of them. The lamp, the wick from the lamp run down into here got its life out of here. The secret to this, friends, is keep your wick dipped in the oil. Begin your day with prayer and with hearing the word of God. Amen. Get your wick real saturated so you can burn all day long. And you know what? You got to take another dip on lunch break or another dip in the evening time. That's fine. Just whatever it takes. It It may be a high consumption day when the boss and the family and the traffic and everything else is really that candle's really burning. But you know, we've got a supply. Amen. That we can carry with us. Even if you can't carry a Bible anymore, you can have it on your phone and you can just dip in there or you can just say, you know what? I need to take a moment and get aside. Go into the restroom. I don't care. You can make any room a prayer room and say, "Lord Jesus, Amen. Just recharge me right now, Lord. I feel myself getting a little low. God, I want to recharge." Amen. Hallelujah. These lampstands of fire that was on these lampstands in the Old Testament, when they lit one lamp, they could not light the next lamp with the same fire they had in their hand. They lit one lamp, then picked it up and lit the other lamp. Amen. That's how the fire spreads, brother, sister. Amen. And then that lamb took this lamp and the same fire that they started at the beginning. I want to tell you friend, what fell on Acts 2:38 is the same fire that fills every individual son and daughter of God today. Amen. It may express itself in in manifold ways, but it is the same fire. Amen. Oh, I hope it don't go over your head. Jesus Christ, the same the same yesterday, today, and forever. The same fire, the Holy Ghost, lit every one of those churches right down through the ages. Can I continue? These lamp stems all fit into one great big bowl, one great big holder, and seven different lamp holders came out of that. When they did, each one of those lights was drawing from the main resource of its life. And its light was because it had its candle dipped down in this main barrel. Oh, what a beautiful picture of one of those seven stars that represented that with his life on fire with the Holy Ghost by faith. He's burning with the Holy Ghost. And his life is a candle or not a candle, but a wick that's been dipped into the Holy Spirit into Christ. And through that wick, he's drawing the life of God out to give light to his church. See, that wasn't just speaking of messengers. That was speaking of members. Other members are lit by your fire. Like Philillip uh Philip and and Ethiopian, he left the revival to take the fire to the Ethiopian unic. And when his lamp got lit, he went back and joined the revival. See, see friend, the revival isn't a church, right? The revival isn't a ministry of a man. The revival is a individual fire burning in your heart and you are the revival. You know, just like the the Welch police officer, he said, "If you're looking for the revival, you found it." If you're looking for the rapture, friend, it's not in one geographical location. It's not in in tangible material. It's in a people who are the body of the rapture. Amen. Oh my. There's just so many things that could be said. I can't preach it all in one service. But let's let's let's go through. Oh, what a picture of the true believer. What kind of light he's giving the same kind of light that was when the first candle was lit. Oh my. You are dead and your life is hid in Christ. Hid in God through Christ and sealed by the Holy Spirit. There's no way at all to ever get you away from there. How can you do it? Nobody can tamper with you. I love that. Nobody can tamper with you. The end of your life is burning with the Holy Ghost. Burning, giving light. Where's the other end of your life dipped? Into Christ. You are dead and hidden in Christ. The Holy Ghost is blocking it off there that you can the devil can't touch you. You talk about being invincible, friend. You talk about being inoculated. Amen. Amen. You're so full of God. Amen. That you would convert the devil if he'd just get close enough. That's the kind of contagious Christian that every true born again son and daughter of God ought to be. Amen. You say, "Brother Tim, that's pie in the sky and sweet." Oh, no. It's a reality. To the real Christian, Amen. That's that's who they are. The devil can't touch you. He can whiz and make a noise. Even death itself can't touch you. Oh death, where is thy sting? Where is thy victory? Thanks be to God who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ. Let me tell you friend, one of and I am closing. One of the most uh one of the most dangerous things we've got to be guarded against is common. Common. When the things that once meant so much to us become common because they become repetitive and and and our expectation honestly dwindles with time because it's become common to us. People become common to us. You know, I I when a when a when a new church is formed or or or a church that's waiting for a a replacement pastor, you know, there's there's enthusiasm, there's excitement, there's energy, there's all these things around because it's new and just new itself has has a value to it, but it quickly fades when it becomes common. and even our relationship with the Lord things can become common and it's almost like we just expect God to do these things but friends God is expecting something from us also and so I I I think you know the eagle they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength they shall mount up with wings as the eagles every Christian goes through seasons Amen. Where they grow stale. Things become common. They they just drift or or or they go to a low eb. But every Christian is promised revival too where their fire can be rekindled. They can be they mean the wick can be trimmed or they can be dipped into the oil a new again. And and your salvation. Amen. your testimony, everything can take on an even greater meaning through this refreshing that comes by the Holy Spirit. And I just want to say this this morning. It sounds cliche, but it's not. The Holy Ghost is the cure for the common Christian. Not only are you promised an initial feeling, you are promised a refilling. You say, "How often, Brother Tim?" "As often as you need it. As often as you realize, Lord, I need another dip. I need another outpouring. Lord, Lord, I need to reconsecrate myself, rededicate myself. Lord, I need to tighten up. I need to lay some things aside that have crept into my life as distractions. I don't want Amen. I don't want my testimony. I don't want my experience. I don't want what you've done, Lord, to become common to me. I don't want church services to become common to me. I don't want the pastor. I don't I don't want my brothers, my sisters to become common to me, Lord. I want you to restore the new again. Amen. I want to be recharged. Amen. I want to experience you in such a way, Lord. So, I'm not just talking about what you did through the prophet, but I too have met the burning bush and I'm glowing with the same radiance. Amen. Brother and sister, that's what we've been promised. This is what we You talk about entitlement. We are entitled to a refreshing of the Holy Ghost. Amen. with this message is not a memory. It's not a monument to a man. It's a movement where God's power is coming into his word. Amen. As it fills every fiber of our being, we're going out into the world. Amen. As conquerors, as overcomers, Amen. It's yours this morning for the more contagious than CO. It can't be stomped out or stamped out. It can be spread. Amen. And it's like, you know, back east we have these things called dandelions. And they're actually a weed. You don't want them in your yard cuz they'll overtake and and take take the place of the grass. And I know grass is something that y'all really treasure out here, especially if you got that fake grass that with a 10-year warranty. But you know something? Weeds are always trying to overtake our lives. And I noticed this. We we used to live on a little place. We didn't own it. It was about 68 acres and and had about an acre and a half pond. Every time I mowed the grass, I had to get a few inches into the weeds and the thorns and the thistles just to keep the grass I had the week before. I thought if that's true in the natural, it's true in the spiritual. If we're not constantly on the offensive, taking what's ours and keeping what's ours and maintaining what's ours because the devil's always trying to crowd in just a few inches at a time. Just a few inches a week, but next thing you know, those weeds and those brambles will be right up to your doorstep and you can't do anything without being impacted by it. So, thank God the Holy Spirit can show us how to push back and reestablish our territory. But this little dandelion, I like this about it. You'll come across that, Brother Aaron, with your big, you know, I've got, I think, a 48 inch deck on my riding mower. I don't have the zero turn yet. I'm an evangelist, not a pastor, so I can't afford to zero turn just yet. Just joking, folks. friend, I didn't get rich preaching the gospel and I don't have plans to. But when you go over that thing with the Moore, you think, "I'm going to exterminate it. I'm going to cut it down. I'm going to abolish it." All it does is spread it. The moment you hit that little dandy line, about a thousand little dandelines just go over. That's a contagious Christian. Every time the devil tries to mow you down, it just spreads it a little further. There you go. Every time the devil stomps on you, stamps on you, punches at you, waves you in any way, the winds of change and the winds of diversity, the winds of adversity, just blow a little more across to spread it out. Lord, that's the kind of Christian. That's the kind of Christian I desire to be. Is that your desire this morning? Why don't we stand together?
