################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-05-10 - 05 Complexes Caused by Complicated Love - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-05-10
Title:   05 Complexes Caused by Complicated Love
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c9wZst4inhg
========================================

Description:
05 Complexes Caused by Complicated Love
Perfect Love Series
Wednesday Service: May 10, 2023
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
But I want to take my title tonight is complexes caused by complicated love. Again, this is a title that is descriptive. I would love to take some time and and kind of recapture some of the things we ministered on Sunday. Uh we are going to be continuing on the same subject on perfect love. I just want to go further than what we ministered Sunday. And really, you're just going to have to draw on some of it because I think it's necessary uh to be where we are this evening. But for brevity and time sake, I'd really like to just go forward in this. So this is descriptive complexes caused by complicated love. And we're looking at God's perfect love. And in particular with last service and even some of the first few services as we set this up, we're wanting to look at how God's perfect love is removing all sorts of barriers and things that are hindering the expression of perfect love in us. And if we want to look at perfect love as being the indwelling of the Holy Ghost in our souls and we look at the expression of perfect love being the fruits of the spirit that are lived out in us, no matter how that you look at it, we realize that our expression of the Holy Ghost is imperfect, but we desire to be perfect. We desire to accurately reflect uh the nature of Christ that is on on the inside of us. We look at we could look at themes of growing and maturing and pushing things out. that would be very relevant in this thought. But we're looking at how God's perfect love, which is perfect, is perfecting us and pushing things out and releasing things and removing things so that we can manifest our perfect love. And one of the uh significant scriptures we've been looking at is in 1 John 4:1 18. And it says, "There is no fear in love, but perfect love casteth out fear because fear hath torment. He that fearth is not made perfect in love. We used the scripture and talked about a litmus test that if I'm afraid, I must not have perfect love. Or if I'm afraid, maybe God doesn't love me. And there was all sorts of ways that we turned it into a formula that in the a in the existence of fear or the absence of no fear, however you'd want to put that, in the absence of doubt. And I'm just always confident. I'm always on top of a mountain. Um if you don't have that, then somehow your faith uh is not uh valid. um you're not made perfect in love. It kind of leaves this sense of not in a positive way of wanting more, but you just feel that you're lacking and you're insufficient. And I trust that through the first four services in this, we've said enough about this and brought it through the word of God to where we're not thinking that way anymore, but we're recognizing that his love is perfect and mine is being perfected. And that here John says this not kind of in a vacuum to say, "Hey, if you say that you love God and you have doubt, then you don't really love God." or to say that if you say that you love God and have fear then his love hasn't done anything for you. He's saying it specifically about boldness uh and our attitude towards God in not being in fear of being judged because he's saying uh that there should be no fear when it comes to opinion his opinion of you because he loves you and if he loves you I mean that that is enough it wouldn't matter nothing else should matter that if he loves you that should give you that give you that emotional security a and cause you to feel secure in his love and say then I'm not worried about his opinion of me I'm not worried if he thinks I make make a mistake because his love is a corrective love. I'm not worried uh what he knows about me, past or future, if he loves me, uh that is significant enough. And so he's he's trying to address I think we called it emotional safety or even emotional security or that psychological safety as the term may be used in certain instances, but he's referring specifically to our understanding of God's love. And he said, if we fear him, then maybe something's not right because if he loves you, you shouldn't have anything to be afraid of. That's good. And so if we're emotionally insecure, then we do not fully understand God's love. And if you think about love being an essential quality of God or God is love and then there's always more of God to understand and God's going to unfold throughout eternity, you realize, well, that's an easy statement to make that we don't fully understand God love because that's probably what we're always going to be enjoying in experiencing forever is his love. And so if we're emotionally insecure and that we fear God and we fear shame or we fear rejection or we think that God's just going to kind of string us along for a while as the elect and then one day de deelect us or veto his vote or something. Uh then we don't understand God's love for us. In 1 John 3:16 it says hereby perceive we the love of God because he laid down his life for us. And so he's saying that this particular action made manifest the love of God and we understand his love in that he lived uh he laid down his life for us. And then this is the extraordinary statement and we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren. Now that is a heavy statement and we've emphasized this on this last service how that it's one thing for God for us to understand the love of God and to love him back. I think we find that difficult enough for him to then turn around and say then you must love one another and and and it's in you're all familiar when Jesus says be therefore perfect even as your heavenly father is imperfect. He said it in the context of loving one another and so it is important that we love one another and I would say to do so with the perfect love and have the right expression of love and brotherly kindness and do good unto all men and do good especially to the household of faith and we recognize a lot of those admonitions in the scripture. But now he says that uh this love is going to be manifested. It what the love that's been manifested to us. We ought to lay down our lives for the brethren. And uh I think that we need to be careful in terms of what that looks like. Uh but it's certainly a command that we ought to have a self-sacrificing love that we ought to be willing to lay our lives down. But and I think that that particular part the love others and to and to show that kind of uh expression of love to others becomes maybe uh that area I think we called it kind of the horizontal aspect where we have so many things that hinder us and make it very very difficult for us to love. And so I I'm wanting to look at that in greater detail but I feel that I'm having to address the love that we share with God and his love for us to put us in a better place to be able to love others correctly. Amen. And so he's saying hereby perceive we the love of God. He's he's dealing with perception of God's love. Perceive means to know and to understand. And he says this is how we perceive the love of God. And if I could kind of express it this way and kind of amplify it a little bit, let's just say we if we did not know God's love, God manifests something. He does something. And in giving his son, he has done something. This is an act of love that we could see. And if we could see it, it declares and manifests to us his love. So this is how we can catch the love of God. This is how we can see the love of God. Hereby perceive we the love of God. This is how we know and understand God's love for us because he laid down his life for us. And so John is talking about understanding an image of love. And one thing that I've been thinking about a lot is what does love look like? And what does love look like? A and so we're asking what it looks like, not what what does love have to do with it. We're asking a different question about love, saying what does it look like? And I think it's a good question because I was been back going back over the parable of the good Samaritan and if you carry these things to an illogical extreme or take it outside the context that's being taught in the scripture, then we would never make it to wherever we were going. Because at the first uh intersection, you'd give all your money to the homeless people and then you'd drive a little bit further. you see somebody who's broke down on the side of the road and need to change their tire and then you'd go to a grocery store and someone say, "Oh, I don't have enough for this." You're like, "Well, let me buy all that for you." And before your day is over with, you're done being a good Samaritan to everybody's in that's in need. And then you take a step back and realize that's not what Jesus was asking us to do. And so this uh there's an expression of love. There's a way that love is being made manifest. And so God made his love manifest in that he sent his son to die for us. And so John is speaking of an image of love and he's saying that this is how we understand love is when God manifests it. As Jesus said in John 15:13, "Greater love hath no man than this that a man laid down his life for his friends." And so I want you to catch how that Jesus says, "Greater love hath no man." So if I could put it this way, man may have love, but no man has this great of a love. Greater love hath no man than this. This is the greatest love. God's love is a greater love. We use filelio love and agape love as a way of kind of understanding that there's a love that surpasses human emotion. Filelio we could say is a love of affections and passions a and and and that that's a that's a kind of a base nature that any person could have. And God's love we we use agape maybe to indicate that. And we're not real legalistic on those definitions and those use of the words in scripture, but it's used to understand that there's a love that maybe all of us share and it's a human love, but there's a love of a higher intelligence. There's a love which is God's love that is greater than our human love. And so in in looking at this that God's love is perfect. It's driving away fear. It's casting out fear. And we perceive God's love in this act of love that he gave his son. And this is the a greatest act of love. John is talking about perceiving, understanding, and knowing. He even says in John here by we or he says, "We have known and believed the love that God has to us." And how many would really want to be able to say that and be right. I know and believe the love that God has to me. So, this is something that is at the core of what John is teaching in First John. But let me say this as we take a step further that understanding God's love is especially difficult given what we already know and see. not necessarily about God, but about love. Brother Bam makes this statement. I know that you've been thinking about this several times already through these last few services. He writes this in the church age book, talking about the Jews going through the Holocaust and being uh uh murdered by the the millions and the just the the tremendous suffering that they went through uh during World War II. He says, you see, they could not figure out God's love. And and he's talking about people's looking at these are the chosen ones. these are God's people and they're being uh the Holocaust, this genocide. And he's talking about how people say, "How could God sit back with arms folded and watch his children suffer? How could he even throughout history let babies be stripped from mother's arms and people be slaughtered? And how could God let these things happen to his children?" He says, "They could not figure out God's love." They thought that love meant no suffering. They thought that love meant a baby with parental care. And that's where I get the saying, uh, love is not what you think it is. And love doesn't always look what like what we think it should look like. So they couldn't make any proper image out of God's love. They could not figure out God's love. They thought it meant no suffering. They thought it meant um a baby with parental care. But God said, excuse me, that his love was elective love. That's it. God said that his love is elective love. And so the question is, well, when God allows his children to suffer uh and then how could this be love? Because a mother wouldn't let their baby suffer, would she? And how could God let his children suffer? Because a parent would never let his children go through something like this. And so we know that God loves his children. So we could say when God allows his children to suffer, it causes confusion about the love of God. If God loved the Jews, then why would he let them suffer to this magnitude? And as brother Brandham says, uh, they thought it meant no suffering and they thought it meant the phrase to me, uh, it conveys a much larger thought than just the quick sentence he gives it, but they thought it meant a baby with parental care. In other words, they expect God, the expression of God's love to be that of a loving parent who shields the baby from any trials, any suffering, and would never want it to hurt and in some ways, I guess, always stay a baby a and never let it experience hurt, never let it go out into the world uh uh just to to to learn and to grow. And so he thinks that that's what love is or that's what people think love is. And so there's some attribution of human characteristics to God's love. Say, well, this is how a human would act and this is what love looks like for humans, but that if God's not doing this, that causes the confusion. And let me say this, and it's maybe a necessary transition. It's not unreasonable to to feel this way because God himself compares his love to human experiences or human relationships. Uh I if if God just said, "I love you as God loves you, and I love you in a way that only the divine can, and my love is a supreme love, and he kind of just spoke in a way that's about this this God behind this curtain that you'll never see." Then the love would forever, without any hope at all, be like, "Well, what does that look like? And what does that feel like? And what could it be like?" So God, in an effort to get us to start thinking about love, compares his love to natural loves that we might be familiar with. in Luke 11:es 9-113. Actually, we'll we'll kind of hold verse 13 off a little bit and come back to it. But notice how Jesus is using parental relationship to understand our relationship to God. He says, "I say unto you, ask and it shall be given you. Seek and ye shall find. Knock and it shall be opened unto you. For everyone that askketh receiveth, and he that seeketh findeth, and to him that knockketh it shall be open." What encouragement, right? saying, "Hey, seek and you'll find and knock, it'll be open." And he's wanting to encourage you to be bold to ask and to ask your father. And if there be any kind of trepidation or a lack of release in a person's spirit to say, "Yeah, I want to seek because I'm going to find and I want to ask and I'll receive. I want to knock and it's going to be open." He wants the the the hearers to start thinking about other relationships where there might be a request made and say, "Hey, why wouldn't you ask God? Because you ask others and you get what you want." So he says, "If a son," so now he's talking about fatherto son relationship, a parental relationship. "If a son shall ask bread of any of you that is a father," so now he's even want the fathers to put themselves in these shoes, will he give him a stone? Or if he ask a fish, will he for a fish give him a serpent? Or if he shall ask an egg, will he offer him a scorpion? Now the questions are what we call rhetorical questions where the answer is assumed or it's kind of already implied in the question that in other words you can make the statement if your son asked you for bread you wouldn't give him a stone. If your son asked you for a fish you wouldn't give him a serpent. If he asked for an egg you wouldn't give him a scorpion. And he's saying it as a matter of fact. I don't think that he was taking a poll and say well I mean God would if you ask God he'd give you but how about you guys? I mean if your son asked for an egg would you give him a scorpion? It's not a poll just to kind of find out take everybody else's temperature. He's using the parents love for a child to understand God's love. He said you that love your children. He says a man who's a father like you, you that have a father, if someone ask of any of you that are a father for bread, are you going to give him a stone? But and he's saying and what's he compelling? The love that you have, the care that you have for your child is what will cause you to answer his request and even maybe create some sort of obligation and then to recognize the need that he has. Because I think it's important to recognize that it's not saying that if if if the son asked his father for a switch, would you just give him uh Candyland or sorry or you just say I'm sorry. It's not just saying anything, but it's it's relevant. it has something to do with care and necessity. So, he's using the love of a father for his son that to get someone to think, "Oh, well, yeah, I mean, it's in these natural relationships, if this is what happens, then of course, uh, uh, God, if I'm his son, would treat me that way." Now, I want to say this that Jesus is using what ought to be our general expectation from a parent. Because some of us could say, "Yeah, I've I've specifically asked my father for egg and he gave me a scorpion." Or in some way, you've looked for the necessity, the love that you needed from a parental figure and didn't get it. So, we realize that this is what what Jesus is saying. This is the general expectation from a normal relationship between a father and a son. It's not just here in Luke 11 that he makes the comparison, but in Psalm 103 verse 13, like as a father pity his children, so the Lord pityth them that fear him. And I know you're all thinking, pityith, how pitiful. But the word is literally a father that loves his son or his children. It means to love deeply, to have tender affection for, have compassion. So speaking the affections of love, it says like a father loves his children. As a father has compassion for his children and has tender affection for him, he's saying the Lord has love and tender affection for them that fear him. So it's using the example of a parent's compassion and love for a child to get the person to think that's how God loves me likewise. And not only does he use the example of a father, but in Isaiah 66:13, he uses that of a mother as one whom his mother comforteth, so will I comfort you, and ye shall be comforted in Jerusalem. Again, God is using the office of a father, the the the labor, the love of a mother to cause us to think of his love for us. As a mother would comfort her child, as one whom a mother would show that consolation and want to assure them and affirm them and make them feel safe or secure, he says, "I'll do the same for you." And this speaks to, if I could say this, and I don't know if I'm getting ahead of myself, but because God is using these loves as a type of his love, and I believe it speaks to just how much it hurts when those loves aren't right. Right? Because God uses them as an expression of his love. And as we'll read later, uh this we're to the way that we raise our children. Our our children are first learning about the love of God and how that we treat them. And they're first learning to obey God and how that they obey us. And so there's such a critical stage there where we are those uh we even realize maybe we're the Holy Ghost to them and we're teaching them to love God and we're claiming to be the Christians. So there's so much that we're expressing and signaling to our children about God in the way that we love them. In Hebrews chapter 12, I'd like to just read this and maybe not go slowly through it, but verses 7 to 10, it says, "If ye endure chastening, God dealeth with you as with sons." I think that relationship of us as children of God is very clear in scripture. For what son is he whom the father chastineth not. So fathers correct their children. But if you be without chastisement, whereof all are partakers, you then you are bastards and not sons. And now Paul again wanting us to understand this relationship that we would have with God and his ability to correct us or his desire to correct us says furthermore we've had fathers of our flesh which corrected us and we gave them reverence. Shall we not much rather be in subjection to the fathers of spirits and live. I remember how much the Bible teaches us to honor our father and mother and the law of thy father, the law of the mother, the word of the father. And there's ways that there's so much in the scripture that teaches us to show the honor and to reverence them. And so he's saying that we've had fathers of our flesh that corrected us and we honored them. We gave them reverence. Then what about to God in that relationship? Should we not honor him? And he says this, "For they verily for a few days chasened us after their own pleasure." And I know what you're thinking. A few days? How about at least a dozen years? says, "For they verily for a few days chasened us." Or maybe that's telling us that whenever we chasen, we ought to make it for a few days. Like none of this it's done. You know, we've addressed this. It's like we're going to make you suffer for a few days. We should talk parents. We should convene on this. Tom, maybe we're not letting the punishment linger long enough. But he says, "For they verilely for a few days chasened us after their own pleasure." We just get the image of somebody spanking somebody for 72 hours. for they chasened us after their own pleasure and I and I think the children are like yeah I think they enjoy it but he for our profit that we might be partakers of his holiness. So there is a distinction as we read this. There's a distinction that emerges between his love and the type because Paul is now all of a suen he's using it that fathers do this and God the father does this and fathers do this and God is your father does that and we gave them reverence and you have to give him reence and he's kind of just it's just a slight thing here. He says your parents corrected you after their own pleasure. In other words, what they thought was right, not because they enjoy it and that they've all been liars whoever said, "Son, this is going to hurt you more than it hurts me." But it's it's after what they believe is right, what they think is best. Says that children, the children, your parents corrected you after what they thought was best. But he says, "But he, for our profit, that's to me that's incredible statement. They did what was best for us, but their love is not infallible." that when they correct maybe they don't always do it correctly. Even the things they're correcting they may not be exactly right about. So Paul is saying he's just it's just ever so slight. He says they did it after their own pleasure and what they thought was right. But God when he does it he does it for our profit. So if I got to say if I could say it this way human love is not always profitable. that in other words, there's times when our parents have corrected us. And brother R, if you want to say amen, don't don't hold back. Your sister Morgan's not here tonight, so this is your chance to just really bring it. But there's there's times when our parents have corrected us and it's not it doesn't bring forth even this. Maybe the parents need to amen this. It hasn't brought forth the results that you thought it would. Like, man, I thought that would just set things straight, but now it's worse. So I think we could understand that in love we correct and it's part of our our instinct as parents. It's part of a love that's being expressed that we correct after what we believe is right. We correct the things that we know are wrong or that we think are wrong. But it's not always profitable. But God is always profitable. He he he doesn't correct us and go, "Oh, I'm sorry. I got it wrong." I think I've expressed this to you before. Am I my some of my biggest struggles as a parent is you're you're you're just doing you're you're you're working and you're getting stuff done and and brother Jack will always ask me, "Dad, what are you doing?" I said, "I'm working to buy you toys." That's why I know he just thinks that one day there's some gigantic payoff of about, you know, 55,000 toys sitting somewhere because now for his whole life, I'm working to buy you toys. And then he when he knows I'm studying, there's no toys that come out of that because then I say I'm studying. And then all of a sudden it's like, "Oh, dad, somebody did this to me." So you go find somebody and you're going to read somebody the riot act like, "But the other person did this to me." And you're like, "Oh, so the other person," you go over there and say, "But they did this." And you you feel foolish because you don't know who to ground. You don't know who to correct. You don't know who's wrong. You're like, "So you did this and then you did that and then oh, but he did that. Oh, but then he did that. Oh. Oh, but but then you did that. Like, all right, who's born first? Whoever was born first, you started it, right? Because it had to start somewhere. At least I know that's the cross I bore in my family as being the oldest boy that no matter what happened, I think even to this day, even though I don't live anywhere near my siblings, I guarantee you I'm still to blame for anything they do wrong. But we rec there's this there's this understanding that we know we don't always get it right. But it's our love that we're trying to fulfill. And so parental love is not perfect. Parents, I you should probably Amen. It's probably not safe for the kids to be doing that. And we know that in loving, we struggle to express it perfectly. And so as Jesus is using this comparison in Lukeap 11, in Psalms 103, God uses it. Isaiah 66 and Hebrews 12, Paul using it this comparison. We read in Luke 11:13, it says this. If ye then being evil know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more? So again, it's speaking to where we can understand something in the type there. There's some material to work with there to begin to build an understanding of God's love. But he's saying, but you know what? We're evil. We we we're not perfect. Paul is saying in Hebrews 12, we're not perfect. We don't always do the things that we ought to do. If you then being evil and not being imperfect, know how to give good gifts to your children, how much more shall your heavenly father give the Holy Spirit to them that ask him, right? This is the greater, more profitable love. Parental love is great. Parental love is profitable. Parental love uh is a type of God's love, but God's love is the perfect love. And we know that our human love falters, but God's love never fails. That's right. It's what we learned from 1 Corinthians 13. these characteristics of love. It says in Isaiah 49:15, I want to use this just to show that our love can falter. It says, "Can a woman forget her sucking child that she should not have compassion on the son of son of her womb?" It's asking the question uh can a woman forget her children? And there is something incredible. I believe we ministered on this in the past on Mother's Day. How that there's some there's a power that's loosed in a woman whenever she has a child. and that there's circumstances could happen in a person's life and they may cease to be a wife and there's certain relationships that can dissolve, but there's something special about the bond between a parent and child to when no matter what happens in life, you're always a mother and you always experience the pains and love that a mother has. And so, it's a a great question. Can a mom forget her child that she would not have love for her son? And notice what he says. Yeah, they may forget. Yeah, they might. A mother may forget. Not that she would forget that the child's her son, but she forgets how to love him. She She doesn't have the right kind of compassion and through circumstances and estrangement or distance or whatever. She she does not have that love. She does not have the purity purity in the love. It says, "Yes, they may forget, yet will I not forget thee." So, there's two things I'm wanting you to recognize here. How perfect the vertical relationship is to God. How perfect his love for us is, but then how in the horizontal and our relationships to other people, it's that human love that is imperfect. I said, yes, a mom may forget how to love her children correctly. She may not always have the right kind of compassion, but that's not so with God. So, notice how Paul addresses it in Ephesians 6:4. And and if I could say this, as we mentioned Sunday, the instructions are given to love and to love properly because it isn't just natural. It isn't just instinct. Though it might be easy to love and though there might be some instinct to love. That's not all that exists within that channel. That's not the only passion that is. If we were just creatures of one emotion and that was love, then you wouldn't have to say you wouldn't have to coach or to encourage or to say love your wife or to love your children. if there wasn't all these other emotions that are at your disposal. Right? So it says in Ephesians 6:4, "And ye fathers, provoke not your children to wrath, but bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord." If I could put it this way, and I think this is the way that I often like to describe it, because of the human weakness, because the other emotions that we could give ourselves over to, Christian parents are taught to love like the Lord, to bring them up in the nurture and admonition of the Lord. In other words, you want your nurture to be like God's. You want your admonition to be like God's. Or you want to be to the Lord also because of human weakness. If you say, "Well, I got the Holy Ghost. I know how to be a perfect parent and it's going to be as if Christ was raising my children. It's going to be divinity all the time in the home." A and if that's the way that it was, then Paul could just skip right over that. But it's something that has to be taught because of the human condition. Provoke not your children to wrath. And then in Colossians 3:21, fathers, provoke not your children to anger, lest they be discouraged. Now, Paul is not assuming that you're just all brutes and you're insensitive and you have to be reminded every morning you gave birth to this child or this is the fruit of your loins. It's not that we forget that. He's saying the the love is there. The desire ought to be there. At least we'd say the general expectation is that a parent is going to have love for the children. Can I get an can I get a witness from the parents? I mean, can you not testify of just what an extraordinary feeling you felt when you first had a child? You know, where did this come from? Right? It's it's unexplainable. And no matter how much you think about, oh, oh, you know, I I can't wait. I can't wait. It's going to be awesome. And no matter how much you think it's going to be a certain way, nothing prepares you for the moment because nothing in life has ever been anything like that. And so it's an it's an incredible thing that there's something an immediate love for something. I'll even say this as from a dad's perspective. No matter how much you know there's life there in the womb that's going to be coming forth and you're falling in love with this life that's going to be coming and maybe you have a name and you're and it's been nine months and you're falling in love with this child, nothing prepares you for the connection that you have when that when the when the baby is born. And so it is it's an incredible thing and it it's godlike and it's something that the scripture speaks of how children are a heritage of the Lord and the fruit of the womb is something that's very very blessed and and I think the cry of the baby is just appropriate appropriate for the moment. That's the child's way of saying amen. Amen. Aren't I loved? And so if I could even say this to all the families, never uh never feel shame if your child uh child weeps because that's music to us. We're all family here. Believe it or not, we were all babies at one time. And some of you still uh but so there's something pure about the love that a parent has for a child or at least it ought to be. It begins that way. He says, "Fathers," in Colossians 3:21, "Fathers, provoke not your children to anger, lest they be discouraged." So these are admonitions to the father that you love your children. As a father, it's already talked about a as a father pityth his children. And Luke 11, all these different places, the God knows that a father loves his son. But now he's having to caution them because of weakness. Don't provoke your children to anger. Don't provoke them to wrath. But he says, "Lest they be discouraged." Despite parental love, despite parental affection, despite that unique bond that you share with the child, parents can says discouraged break the spirit of their child. It is not just merely that they would be disappointed. Dad, I really want to switch. Dad, I really want Huh. You want to switch? Go get one out of the yard, son. Go pull it off that tree. But that they could be asking for something and you kind of disappoint them or discourage them because you say no. But he's talking about actually causing a wound in their spirit, harming them, a breach, a break in the spirit to where all of a sudden now because of the relationship between a father to son, you do something in a way that causes a wound in a child's spirit. So Paul's saying, fathers, whatever you do, don't provoke your children to frustration and wrath. Don't provoke your children to anger because it can cause a wound in their spirit. You can do something to discourage them. You could do something to wound their spirits, to harm their hearts. And not only does that provoke them to where they're wounded towards you, but then also it's going to affect their perception of love. It's going to impact uh their emotional safety and their security. And so imperfect humans create complexes about God's perfect love. Imperfect communions. God compares his love to human love, but human love is not perfect. So imperfect human love creates complexes about God's love or I could say love in general. And so this fallible love forms and shapes our perception of love. This goes in our experience with friends and our experience with family and our experiences with the spouse. These are all relationships where there's trust or there's confidence or there's some sort of vulnerability. Uh there's uh making yourself subject to someone and opening your heart up and uh having feelings in such a way to where that per what that person says and how they feel counts and it can cause a weight and just as there's maybe and children do not opt for it. They have not chosen it, but they're born into a family. Uh they didn't choose their parents. And so now they're in a relationship and they're vulnerable to their parents. And the way their parents treat them and talk to them and raise them and nurture them is all kind of affecting their garden and their hearts and their conscience and their perception of love and the way that they're treated by parents and the way you're treated by friends and the way you're treated by family. All is kind of shaping whether you realize it or not. Subconsciously, it's shaping your per perception of love. You're thinking, "Well, what is love?" And, "Oh, well, I know my mom loves me, but she does this or I have friends and I trust friends." And there's ways that people don't realize it, but they're acting and treating other people the way they've always been treated. And though it made them feel uncomfortable and hurt them, they don't know that it's not right because that's just the way they've always been treated. I think we should have a lot of grace for people when we see them and first get to know them and they act a certain way. Like, man, why are they like that? Because they don't know any different. They just don't know any different and they think, "Oh, well, this is normal. This is what this is what we do and this is how it's done and this is how we act." But I will say this, I think on a on that if we were to stop and to think about it, we feel the affection of love, that feeling or emotion of love. So we can say that we love yet we realize there are emotions that hinder the love that we have. We realize that we can love and we are loving or towards something. We have some sort of affection but there's other things that pervert the expression of love. It's not only it's not always love that surfaces. Can I put it that way? That we know we have love for someone but it's not always love that surfaces. Anger, resentment, bitterness. There's a lot of things even jealousy can resides right within the same heart that loves. And that's not a that I'm not breaking a new mystery here. I'm not bringing something up. But maybe sometimes there's we don't like to think about it, but say, "Well, I love you and I have this love for you." And we have to realize that the same the same capacity to love and that same uh spirit that has that affection of love, it's the same one that has jealousy, same one has bitterness, the same has resentment, the same one has frustration. And again, if we were only creatures of one emotion and and we all were blessed with that of love, then this wouldn't be a problem. But because we could have a very intense love, but then also a very intense jealousy or very intense frustration or anger, therefore it's not always that that affection and passion of love is sometimes joined with or hindered by all these other feelings. And so I could say we love imperfectly. But then also we have been loved imperfectly and we have caused wounds by our imperfect love and we have suffered wounds of an imperfect love and therefore the wounds of love shape our perception of love. In some ways, we are Pavlov's dog that we've been conditioned by certain things that just get us thinking. And I think some of the buzzwords today would be triggered where, you know, nothing is meant by it, but just somebody can say, you know, I love you like a son. And we're like, great, another one, right? Just there's you just get this immediate feeling like, well, I guess I'm about to be taken advantage of. But there's it's just people live. I'm just saying it about my my neighbor next door. I've been counseling him here recently and uh he has a real difficult relationship with his dad. So, this is all very new to me. But he it's just something we could recognize that certain things are triggers to us and cause us to feel certain ways a and to and so we we we think of certain relationships like yeah well you know kind of sounds good on paper but in experience man it's it's not as nice as it seems. And there's ways where we could look at look at love and the dynamics of love and there might be a lot that we would desire and a lot of good that we've gotten from it. But it's all the imperfections of love sometimes that are the most pronounced kind of leave a bad taste in our mouths or that cause us to be a little bit apprehensive. And I know that I'm being I'm being general enough about these things to I think all of us understand exactly what I'm talking about. But this is in some ways a very narrow experience that this would be relevant. But it does affect our view of love. Now the most now the real damning part of that is we then just assign these same carnal characteristics to God's love. That God loves me like a father loves me. God loves me like a mother loves me. God is like the has that love of a parent. So God's love can be selfish. It can be conditional. It can be narcissistic. It can be inconsistent. It can be temporary. It can be only concerned with what it does for them. Come on. Right. Let's I mean, let's just be honest that even there's times maybe one of the things that we do instinctively as parents the most is we parent from the position of pride. Our children do something and we don't like the way that makes us look, right? And and maybe what they did was wrong, but we're kind of more moved by what that does for our reputation and it hurts our pride. So we correct from a point of pride instead of from the point of what doing what we need to do to promote virtue within the child. And so because we have these instincts to shame and to a and to grow cold or what and do the different things that we could do as humans, we just without thinking about it think that God will treat us the same way. Maybe we treat others that maybe because I'm selfish, God's going to be selfish with me or because I reject or I'm hard-hearted, then God's going to do it with me. or because this is the way that we have been treated that we ourselves will also treat others that we'll be treated the same way by God. Right? In Colossians chapter 3 19 it says, "Husbands, love your wives and be not bitter against them." We read this on Sunday. Love can be improperly expressed. And being improperly expressed, it can cause wounds of bitterness and frustration. So say love your wives but in loving your wife don't be bitter against them don't be harsh don't be hard and so it's expressing that temperamental uh nature of our human emotions or how that your love can often be hindered by bitterness and that love can be improperly expressed and being improperly expressed it can cause wounds of bitterness and frustration I think we've touched on this before so I think I could probably go through this very quickly Ezekiel 8 verse12 12 uses a phrase that is quite remarkable. It says speaks of how what they do in the dark every man in the chambers of his imagery and how this phrase the chambers of his imagery depicts the human heart as having rooms. It would be in his mind or in his spirit. It kind of it sets us up as having these chambers. And brother Brandham says now inside the human heart there are many little doors and then little doors cover up a lot of things. I want to read that again. Can you be sure that you're listening? Inside the human heart, there are many little doors and then little doors cover up a lot of things. This is so true. This is a subject he's preaching on doors and door. It's the concept that there's doors to our heart, right? As brother Brandon begins to outline it that in a house there's different rooms and how that it speaks of different uh different areas and different levels of intimacy. The human heart has many little doors and those doors cover up a lot of things. It's the chambers of our spirits, the chambers of our imagery. If I could say this, these wounds of love can reside and take place within the chambers of our heart. And I want to make the make the connection that wounds of love cause scars of love. And that scars are and I want to go through this very quickly, but scars are just they're part of the healing process. And but it once a wound heals you say oh it's healed when it leaves a scar the tissue that's there after it's healed is not the same as the tissue before just in the natural healing process that when a scar exists it doesn't have the same functionality of the skin or the place the part of the body that was wounded and this is an example I often use when I'm using this example or using the subject of scars that a heart attack they say all heart attacks cause some amount of scarring on the heart. That's why you could go in and have your heart looked at and a doctor could say, "You've had a heart attack before." And you're like, "No, I don't think so. Just had really bad heartburn once." And that probably might have been a heart attack because they can look at the heart and they can see scarring on the heart and the scarring on the heart can decrease the power the muscular power of the heart. And with enough scarring, it could eventually lead to heart failure because every time there's an attack, there's a scarring. And if we look at the human body in a way that we realize that a cut on the skin it can heal back and there's a little bit of scar or tissue there that the scar tissue is not the same in functionality and feeling and everything else as the original skin. Say if the body cannot repair itself or rebuild the tissue exactly as it was. What about the chambers of our hearts? In other words, these bad experiences could leave marks that impair our functionality. There's things that brother Random says are using this example inside the human heart. There are many little doors that cover up a lot of things. What kind of things are hiding behind those doors? Bad experiences can live in our spirits as complexes. Shadows is another word that is used that I think is very very applicable. Shadows in our spirits and these complexes and shadows behind these doors. So, it's almost if as if we have all these doors in our hearts that are shut off and then when something walks by or something passes by, there's a voice from behind other side of the door says, "That looks really scary, Aaron." And something knocks. Nope. Uh-uh. Fool me once, shame on you. We have a saying in Texas, fool me once, can't fool me again. Right? And we kind of push back because there's things in those chambers in these in these other places that these doors are covering up. And so this might seem to be like a really hard turn here, but in looking at the complexes caused from love's wounds, this is the example that God just kept pressing on my heart to use. And I I just accept that this is going to be incredibly relevant, if not to all of us, but even more so to somebody that's going to it's going to penetrate so deeply that God's going to give a great victory in this. But I want to use brother Brandham as an example. I feel like we're doing good on time. I feel like we're good do doing good in atmosphere. It's transition more to spring instead of winter in terms of the the temperature in here and and so I think we're all doing really really good but I want to use the example of brother Brandham and I just have I just been studying this so I have a lot in my heart that I could just express but I think no matter where I start we're seasoned message believers will know where I'm coming from. You know that brother Brandham as a young child had a voice speak to him in a whirlwind in a very supernatural experience. Don't smoke or drink or defile your body in any way. And that spoke to staying clean from smoking and drinking and even um keeping himself sexually pure. We recognize as he tells the story in different ways that it's there was a clear a clear emphasis in that particular part. So this is as a young boy he's confronted with this. Don't smoke, drink, or defile your body in any way. And think about what he was around right his father was a bootleger. tells a lot of stories that kind of signal the kind of women that were hanging around and the men and and the things that the mixed mixing and the adultery and the fornication, the kind of things that he witnessed. He's he's he's witnessing perversion and things that are illegal and the depravity of humanity. Brother's witnessing this as a young kid and this would be a shock to any young boy, but then he also has this kind of gift and this nature and he's been told don't smoke or drink or defile your body in any way. And that's all he ever sees. That's good. That's what he sees his dad doing, his friends doing. All these women, and all these people are doing these different things. And then as a young boy, he is building up a hatred for these things. And he doesn't agree with these things. But now he's picked on and rejected as a bootleggers boy. And he witnesses great immorality, exposed to so much evil. And this is a statement brother Brown makes about himself. People call me today a woman hater. The reason is because I saw so much immorality out of women when I was a kid. I hated them. We're talking about how that there are these complexes that we have and these fears that we have and all the complex is caused by complicated love. And now this may not be in the context of a loving relationship, but just think of a tender child who he's being honest that they call me a woman hater. And now he's just being honest. And he says, "I saw so much immorality out of women when I was a kid. I hated them." He says, "And I don't do that now because I know there are some good ones." Now, that's uh that's one way of putting it, right? I don't hate all women, but he's just saying that I had such a hatred because I thought I thought that was all that a woman was. But now that I've seen the good, I don't hate women anymore because I know that's not how all women are. And we know that brother Bram had an experience that was very uh significant to him because he includes it I think almost every time he tells his life story and how that he says he loved a girl and he had a girl that he thought he was the prettiest thing and had these feelings for her and maybe for a boy that had been rejected and and one he signed feel I got friends and I've got this girl that I like and she's pretty and he thought he loved a girl and he walked up on her and I'm kind of just paraphrasing the story but he walked up on her and caught her smoking a cigarette and I think maybe she offered him smoke and he's like, "No, I'm not going to do that." Was mocked and made fun of. And you when he tells the story, you realize how much that crushed him because not only is he under this commandment, don't smoke or drink or defile your body in any way. Now this is a girl that he loved a and now he's ridiculed and mocked and he realizes, man, I this these are causing so many things in his heart and in his life and he's building up a complex. And he say now he says this about he says this he makes this statement and I realize now I thought I'd put more of the statement here but he says I used to say and I wish I had what it the the the the prior comment to this but it's in quotes they're not worth the good clean bullet to kill them with and and and I say this is a hard saying and it's not one I I I'll I'll just say this for myself. I would never want to preach that as a present day truth because brother Brandham himself qualifies it saying that's what I I used to say. He used to say I used to say that they're not worth the good clean bullet to kill them with it. He saw a woman that would smoke and these immoral women. He said that's right and I hated women. He says and I just have to watch every move now to keep from still thinking the same thing. So this is some honesty. I appreciate the honesty to where he's saying, you know what, I I built up such a place where with women were so immoral and a woman smoking and think about what that would do to somebody. I believe that he he loved his mom and his mom was a good woman. But then he sees all these other women. He sees his dad. He sees all this fornication, all this debauchery. And then he has a supernatural angel tell him, "Don't you ever smoke or drink?" And he sees all these women and defile your body. He sees all the sex and all the drugs and all the things are taking place. And and he's horrified by it. He sees it different. He perceives it differently. And so when he sees a woman, he's thinking, "Oh, he he's just built this up in says, "She's not worth a bullet to shoot her with." My that is shocking, right? That that is a shocking statement. But he says, "I have to watch every move now to keep from saying the same thing." That's honesty. He's not saying, "And you know what? Bless God. I'm going to go ahead and say it again. I I'm going to go ahead and just and just repeat it. I'm going to go ahead and say, thus sayith the Lord." He's not he's not affirming it. He's not doubling down on it. He said, "You know what? I'm being honest. I have to be careful that I don't still still think that way." And we know that God dealt with him very deeply in these areas. And this was a perception that he had to overcome. The Holy Spirit, we know the Holy Spirit dealt with his attitude to begin to develop that harshness, the Ricky and Rquettas, losing his feeling for the people. God showed him the kind of man that he would become if he didn't soften his heart. And so God had to deal with his this perception. And he even says this in one place, I never did like women, but not you sisters. He told me not to defile myself. Let me read it. I never did like women, but not you sisters. I mean, he told me not to defile myself. Notice how he put that together. And he says, and it made me have a complex. See, there's a reason why I use this. He's honest that the things he experienced and the things he was told and commanded, he says, "I built up a complex." I'm just using my words now. He built up a complex against women. And so, as he built this up, maybe it's like, well, I I don't ever want to be defiled. I don't want to ever be intimate. I don't ever want to defile myself. I I I got to avoid that. I got to stay away from that. Oh, I see these women are impure. I just God helped me to express this. But as a young boy around immoral women, I wondered just how much he had to put up with. Right. That's good. Are you following me? Yes, sir. And what that could do to a young boy. Right. The way he's treated, the way he's talked to, the way he's put into different situations, what kind of horrors, what kind of thoughts, what kind of feelings, what kind of scars may de be developing within a young man. And he's and he doesn't always come right out and say these things, but he's saying enough that I hated women because of what I saw. And I used to feel a certain way and I got to watch myself in every move so I don't start having the same thoughts again. And he says, I never did like women because I had this told not to defile myself. I saw so much immorality and it made me have a complex. Yes, sir. Oh, I hope that you're hearing what I'm trying to express tonight. Brother B is being honest of how these wounds created a complex within him and a complex if I could describe it using maybe some of the terms that are used by uh within academia it's a knot within our unconscience and it's these a knot of unconscious feelings and beliefs that they use to describe unexplainable behavior like well that's that's odd or well not everybody kind of usually feels that way or that's that's maybe pattern interrupt of what you would expect. And so what they realize is there's these knot of unconscious feelings that influence the way a person acts. And brother Brandham is saying, I had this knot. These are my words. And and so if you you qualify it in your own understanding, I have this knot of feelings that uh changed my perception towards women or shaped my perception towards women and influenced the way that I acted. Right? A complex is a system of interrelated emotionally charged ideas, feelings, and memories and impulses. So, it's called a complex because there's it's a system. You say, "Well, I have I have an inferiority complex. I I'm using this as an example. I'm not confessing tonight." Then it's not just as the result of being short or as the result of maybe losing out on something, but it's a system of related. They're interrelated and intertwined. In other words, it's it's a complex thing. And I don't know if you recognize what I did with the title there, complex is caused by complicated love. But these are things that are very complicated and complex when it comes to the way people think and way they feel. So it's all these interrelated emotions and beliefs and memories and impulses that are usually repressed, right? And it gives ride to abnormal or pathological behavior. So we have these feelings and we repress them. We have these beliefs and we have these interrelated things and they build up as a complex and they say and it made me have a complex. All these different things start building. It becomes this little knot within our emotions. They say it's a group of mental factors that are unconsciously associated by the individual with the particular subject. We use brother as an example. This was towards women. But now I'm wanting us to think about it in terms of God's love for us. our love for others or even the love that we receive from others. How that there's a complex that builds. He says that influence the individual's attitude and behavior. They call them shadows. Dark unconscious snags that hinder and block our best intentions. I would love I would I I would love to be able to say this, but a complex will keep you from saying it. I would like to be free to do that. I I would like to be able to do this. I I would like to enjoy that. And there's things I know that we all uh there's times in lives where people can rejoice in something and you find it very hard to rejoice in it because of a complex because of a hurt or some feeling or it's someone says, "Oh, well, aren't aren't you so excited so bought a house?" And you know what? You know that's the house that you thought you were going to buy until you showed them and they went and bought it out from underneath you and you're not really all excited about going to the house warming, right? And not everybody knows why you're not, you know, all woohoo, that's a great house. Why? Because you've got feelings you're trying to overcome. And there's things that you experience and you go through and it creates it'll block even your best intentions. And I'm I'm using all this in the context of understanding God's perfect love because I believe that we should not disregard just how deeply these shadows, scars, and complexes influence our love or these complexes about love influence us. These complexes complicate our relationship with God's love and therefore with others. Even if we were to take kind of the the image of God out of this and if this wasn't teach Christian teaching and we were just dealing with an individual in terms of human relationships, we would realize that complexes complicate our relationship with others. Complexes can cause resentment for ones we love. Complexes can cause us to fear ones that love us. Right? I don't know why it's getting so quiet. I've been on this subject now for at least an hour. And all of a sudden I was like, "Wait a minute. What's he that's what he's talking about? They can cause. It's the complex. It's the snag. It's the shadow. It's the scar. It's not the heart. It's not the love. It's the It's the other thing." and we fear the very ones that we love or we resent and mistreat the very that we fear the very ones that love us or we mistreat and resent the ones that we love. Now I want to close. So let's look at our parable in Luke chapter 15. He says a certain man had two sons. The younger of the two took his inheritance and quickly spoiled it and in the state of starvation and being destitute being rejected by all his so-called friends and being a slave in a foreign country when he comes to himself if we could just read verses 18 and 19 he has this thought of I will arise and go to my father and will say unto him, "Father, I have sinned against heaven and before thee, and am no more worthy to be called thy son. Make me as one of thy hired servants." Now, one thing that has really stood out to me more and more as I in this story is the humility that the son is expressing at this moment. He He's very self-aware. I've wasted it. I've blown it. So, there's no pretense. There's no uh uh arrogance. you know, I I have a right. I'm entitled. You know, I'm a son. My dad will just take me back. But there's a humility about what he's done. There's an awareness about what he's done. And then there's also this humility to kind of accept the consequences for it. That I've messed up. I've not only sinned against my father, I've sinned against heaven. And because of what I've done, um I I should be treated like a slave because I don't have any inheritance. I've already wasted and I shouldn't have any special place. And so the he has this humility to acknowledge what he's done, but then also he's it implies this humility to accept the consequences. And guess what? His resolve is still true when he meets his father. Right? He says exactly what he said he would say. But I want to focus for a moment on the son's expectation and how the son had the anticipation of deserved punishment. He expected to be rejected. He expected to be shamed. and we could say maybe rightfully so. He expected to be refused. So, as a way of kind of um buffer, you know, protecting himself against the rejection, instead of coming back hat and saying, "Do you think it'd be all right if I had my room back? And is it possible I could be your son again?" He's preparing himself for the worst. And he says, "Just treat me as a servant. Just treat me as a as one who has wasted everything." And he and he's expecting to be refused. And so he's considering an approach that might gain him some mercy and at least allow him to be a servant and as a servant at least have a roof over his head and some provision. And I would say that the way that the son was acting in this moment is consistent with the way that we conduct ourselves towards others or maybe more relevantly worse how we view God's love. That when we make a mistake, we more anticipate that I'm going to be shamed. I'm going to be rejected. I'm going to be abused. I'm going to be I I I'm going to be mistreated. I'm going to suffer terrible loss for what I've done and I'm going to be treated severely and I'm going to be treated harshly and I'm going to lose some sort of privilege. And we kind of get it in our minds that yeah, I I've made a mistake. Therefore, my value and my worth as a son is what suffers in not my character being corrected. In other words, we're more fearful of loss of relationship and privilege that we might have in terms of the love we share with the the person in authority. And I think the son's behavior here, I'm so glad that Jesus uses this parable because he touches on kind of this instinct we have as somebody when we make a mistake. Yep, I got it coming. And not only do I have it coming, but I'm going to get it and I'm going to get it bad. And I think this is consistent in how we view sometimes what we expect from others. Maybe it's consistent in how we treat others, but worse, it's consistent with how we view God's love. And brother Bannon makes this tells this story. I just I feel that the Holy Spirit is just kind of is having to deal with the hearts and and in the the personal way that it needs to. Each each situation is different. And so I'm kind I'm here at the end and I I just I don't want to I I feel pressed not to spend much more time amplifying this, but I hope the weight I hope it can just sink in what God is trying to express so that we can be free in our love to God. But then how can I love my brother? How can I be in a place to lay down my life for the brethren? How is it it's all these there's what keeps this what complicates it is are the complexes, right? And here this prodigal son was suffering from a complex and he expected to be treated a certain way by his father and maybe that's the way that he would have dealt harshly and severely with his own son. And so brother Brandham tells this story and it wasn't so from the beginning and I've had multiple multiple quotes that I could use and different anecdotal examples and experiences that brother shares. I think they're very relevant to this. But he's talking about a um a brother Fandler and he and he so when he says we were together he's talking about brother Fandler not long ago we were going together across the country and he said to me brother Brandham you know my wife don't believe in this and said every night when I go to church and come home oh she just starts balling me out when I hit the door. All right, you ready? You can you just imagine this for a moment? Comes home from church and she just starts balling him out. So this wife just meets him at the door. Oh, you went down to those those holy rollers. I mean, I don't know. I don't know the the the the lady. So, and uh I'm fortunate to have a wife that believes like I do, so I can't dramatize a wife balling me out when I come in the door from a church service. Uh, but you just could just imagine how she just starts laying into him as soon as he hits the door. All right. So, if go back back up. Oh, let's go to the other other slide. We're going too far. You're going to give me a complex. No, go back. Go back. There we go. Now, are you are you here? Just come home from church, right? Just been in the the in the truth and makes it almost sound like he's come home from the brother Bram's meetings and everything. And he comes and he comes in and and all of a sudden he says, "Boom." The wife just meets him. I can't believe you did this. And so now watch what the husband does. I get her by the hand. She's little. And I hold her and I try to cast that devil out as hard as I can. Come here, honey. I want No, I'm just kidding. There's just Imagine he say she's little. So I I don't I don't get the feel. And it's just like, oh dear, come here. But he say she's little. I'm bigger. I grab a hold of her and I say, "I cast out the devil just as hard as I can." He says, "Remind me of your message this morning, sir." So, I think he's saying that he kind of got the inspiration from what was being preached, right? So, like I come here, woman. I'm going to cast that devil out of you. He says, "I try to cast that devil out." And I said, "Devil, you come out of my wife. Devil, you come out of my wife. Honey, you're possessed with the devil. Come out of there, devil." Wait, I thought I changed it where it wasn't up there, but we're kind of He says, "You're possessed with the devil. Come out of there, devil." And brother Brown's response is, "Oh, that's fine, Brother Fandler." But you got it you got at it the wrong way. Think about I mean, we have to recognize that for Brother Fandler, that's kind of hard to deal with that, right? I mean, couldn't we all agree, right? That that that would be a difficult relationship to have to deal with. But, Brother B, I'm saying uh yeah, I don't Yeah, I don't think that's the way you want to go about that. I mean, just grabbing your wife, get the devil, get the devil out of her, and it's going to beat the devil out of you, honey. And think that she's going to be like, "Thank you." You know, it's you've been at that devil casting out meeting. Yeah. And you're next. Oh, yeah. Please, honey. Right. There's already a resentment built up there. So, I can just imagine the complexes that existed in this complicated marriage. And he and he's saying, 'Yeah, that's that's fine. He says, 'But you go at it the wrong way.' And he said, 'Well, how do you do it? In other words, brother Bham, how do you cast the devil out of your wife? How do you how do you deal with that whenever it's condescending and and hard and tearing you down and beating you up? I mean, don't you just put your hands on her and and cast the devil out? And he says, "You ready?" He said, "When you come home, buy her a box of candy. Give it to her. When you come at the door, put your arms around her. I said, "That's the way you cast out a devil." Love cast out fear, doesn't it? Love. And he has not asked a small thing. Right. And and and I think in some ways he couldn't have asked a more difficult thing because in the face in the face of what he what and I think the story goes both ways. There's probably more to that story. I'd like to get Sister Fandler's side of the story and and that would probably be the real doozy. But we only got Brother Fandler's side of the story. And even if we just looked at it from his perspective, trying to do his best to serve God, comes home, wife doesn't believe like he does, and she just starts balling me out when I hit the door and his response is, "Well, that's nothing but the devil. I've been in the presence of God and I've been praying for the sick and we've been casting out devils and I was bathed with perfect love just a moment ago." And I come home and now you just start balling me out. Get over here, woman. We're going to cast the next devil out. And maybe it's like a struggle. No, get over here. I'm only lay my hands on you. Right? little five-fold ministry or something and and just what that fight is and that would be the instinct, right? That that would be the that would be the way he thought I needed to deal with this. And brother Bam's going the complete opposite way. And this would be the hardest thing to do is to come home and put his arms around his around his wife and and do something for her, buy her something, give her something when she walks in the door. And he says, "That's the way to cast out a devil." Wow. Amen. That's a hard saying. If we only had the o if the we only had the capacity to love that would have been like of course brother Brandham that's all I ever do right but it's everything else. And I could just imagine what a difficult time this brother would have in doing that. He might go well I mean after maybe the maybe the devil's an okay thing in this instance. Like well it'll keep me humble. And who knows the things he had to start rationalizing in order to humble himself and do what brother Brandham said would cast out the devil. What an example of channeling the right emotions. And so as this young man was coming back to his father with this complex about love with a certain expectation, I say complex and maybe taken some liberty there, but with a certain expectation to be treated roughly and to be cast away as a son, says in verse 20, and he rose and came to his father, and we know what he is expecting. But it says, when his father was a great way off, his father saw him and had compassion. As a father pityth his son, so do I pity you. Father had pity. He had compassion. He had a tender affection. He had a deep love for his son and ran and fell on his neck and kissed him. I don't know how far the son had to travel. I don't know how bad that knot beed to feel in his stomach. I don't know how anxious he was in knowing that he had to face his father who he had defamed and who he had profained an inheritance. He's like he's called a prodigal. He is a wasteful Right? And I don't know how long that dusty road was. I don't know how long that journey was. I don't know how much it had been building in his heart for this moment, this confrontation he might thought he was going to have with his dad. But as he comes, his father acts before the son has an opportunity. And he has compassion and falls on his neck and kisses him. The father's reaction was consistent with the father's love. but inconsistent with the son's expectation. But it expressed something is even Jesus Christ is wanting us to understand in the different parables of the lost sheep and the lost coin and the lost son. He's wanting us to understand something about the father's love. It represents the father's love for us and the love that we aspire to show others. And we keep reading and we find that the father did not he stopped the son. The son had that resolve still to say, "Dad, I I I blew it. I I I just want to be a servant." He says, "Are you kidding me? Come on, man. We're going to We're going to get a fatted calf. We're going to feast. My son, which was dead, you're alive." He's like, "You're you're not angry with me. You're not going to punish me more. You're not going to shame me for this. You're you're not going to make a public example out of me." He's like, "No, no, son. Let's just go forward." The father throws a feast and they're celebrating the return of his son and the older son hears it and what does he do? He resents it. We could spend a lot more time but we have run out of time. The older son resents what's taking place. The Bible says and he was angry and would not go in. Think of the complex that's keeping him from rejoicing with his brother. All all the attitudes he built up against his brother. Well, he was he he walked away from this and he spoke. He did this and he did that and just how hard it was for him to rejoice when the son returned. Is this not true about human emotions? What the son is experiencing in this moment? How hard it is for him to love his son? How hard it is for him to be happy for his son? How hard it was for him even though he could say, "You know what? I can see this is a good thing." But it's his complexes that keep him from being able to say, "Oh, you're back, buddy. You're back." And so the father has to go out to him and he intreated him. And his son begins to say,"I I I never did this and I was always doing this." And what? Think about the complex you're showing him. You You throw a party for him. You've never thrown a party for me. Right. The comparing the the the the the wrestling in his mind, the complexes, because now he's thinking, "This is the trouble, son. And does he love him more than he loves me? Does he is he going to get He's wasted everything. I've I've always stood by your side." And notice how the father says in verse 31, he said him, "Son, thou art ever with me and all that I have is thine." The father assures him of his love considering what? His son's insecurity. He's addressing the insecurities of the older son that even though he's been a good son and even though he's never done anything wrong, the fact that this other thing happens has built up a complex and made him insecure. So the father affirms his love and says, "Son, you're always with me and all that I have is thine." Let's rejoice in the prodal that's come home. Don't don't compare. Don't compare yourself. Don't don't pit yourself against him. Be secure in my love. Oh, if we could all come to this place, and I think this is especially true for gifted people and people who have callings and ministries, it's just so easy to always begin to compare and to compete. Oh, let's just be secure. Let could we do this as a church, as a as a church family? Oh, God, help me to be secure in his love for me so that I'm not always comparing and I'm not, well, they always get the attention and they always get this and this always happens. Lord, let me be so secure in your love. And I'm so glad that God knows complexes that we feel. I'm glad he knows what we're going through and he's not afraid to come out to us and say, "Come on, sir. What's the problem? Why aren't you entering in? Why aren't you happy? Why aren't you rejoicing? Well, they just Hey, man. Come over here, you knucklehead. Get over here. You're always with me. Everything I have is thine. What's he God is willing to address your sec your insecurities. Amen. I believe you can trust him. And I I hope that God is dealing at least giving us knowledge, scriptural knowledge of things that complicate love or how a complicated love has given us complexes either towards God or towards one another. And I think there's a lot of lot here that to work with, a lot of things to consider. And I trust that you'll be able to do that. Amen. Musicians, if you could come tonight, we could stand together.
