################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-02-08 - Judgment and Rewards Part Three (Condemnation) - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-02-08
Title:   Judgment and Rewards Part Three (Condemnation)
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Short Clip
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P_523za2Fdw
========================================

Description:
Judgment and Rewards Part Three
Condemnation
Wednesday Service: February 8, 2023
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
You can see from our title slide that we're speaking on the subject of judgment and rewards. Want to continue on this subject. Uh for our home folk here, those who've heard the first two, I think you'll be in a really good position just to understand exactly what our burden is in this subject matter. If some of you haven't heard it, our home folk here haven't heard it, I do encourage you to go back into the archives, listens to part one and two, uh because they're just real pertinent as we build. We're just going to be building slowly on this subject of judgment and rewards. Tonight I want to take the subject of condemnation and we're drawing it from this scripture here where it speaks he that has eternal life shall not come into condemnation. And I want to look at what that means. Uh and it's important for us at this point to look at this subject because is I've been we've already identified in the scripture and how brother Brandham relates to there is a judge there is a reward for our labor. And so God's going to judge our works to determine what we're rewarded with. And we don't want to misplace that time of judgment to where we get it in our minds that one day we're going to have to stand and be judged to determine our salvation. And so we're we're just emphasizing this again just as we did last uh weekend, this past weekend on the gift so that there's no doubt going forward what it is that brother said we ought to be laboring for. And Romans chapter 6 vers 23. Let's start with this. I think it's a great place to start. For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. We saw how that wages were compensation or payment for service, payment for work, compensation for work that is done. And so you're paid a wage when you labor. Rewards are exactly the same thing scripturally that God gives you a reward for the labor that you undertake. So the wages of sin or death, that's the wrong kind of reward for the wrong kind of labor or the appropriate reward for sin. But then there's also a payment, a wage for the works that you've done to please the Lord and how we ought to be striving to do that. And brother Brandham writes at the church age book, all too little time is spent on laboring on the eternal rewards of God, the recompense of God is too lightly esteemed. If we believe in the reality of the resurrection of the body and an eternal kingdom of substance, then we ought to lay up in heaven those good treasures that are available to the faithful saints. So he's really specific that there are treasures that you by your laboring for him and laboring to please him. You take those things and you secure them. You deposit them in heaven and they become heavenly rewards or as he refers to them eternal rewards. So a gift is something that's earned. It's something that you labor for and then you're due a wage. Uh excuse me. The the wage is something that is earned you labor for and therefore you're given it. It's the same for a reward. It's something given uh given as a payment for labor or for a worthy behavior. So if you've done well and you've uh you've worked hard, you're worthy. Ox is worthy of its hire. There's a wage that is due them. But then we saw how the gift of God is right here. It says that the gift of God is eternal life. So that is something that's not earned. That is not something that is deserved. It's by sovereign grace that God gives you eternal life. It is according to election. It's not any works that you've done. Even you know God so far as to declare through Paul that even before either one of them had done anything God hated the one and loved the other. So it's not your works that caused this elective love uh to be displayed in your life. It's all the gift of God is eternal life. A gift is something that's voluntarily given without payment in return. So if God gave it to you, he as a gift, he's not expecting something in return. And aren't you glad that God's not like that where he gives you a gift? It's like, well, I gave you eternal life, and if you don't give me something back, and if you don't labor in grace, and you don't show something for it, then I'm just going to take your salvation away. That's not how the scripture puts it. That's not what the messenger taught us. And so, gift is something that's not purchased or earned by the recipient. And so, what we're looking at in that is there's a difference between the eternal rewards of God and the gift of God. The gift of God is eternal life. And we went through a number of scriptures and statements on Sunday to show that. And then the eternal uh rewards are things that God is going to give the believer at a time of judgment that have nothing to do with our salvation in that it's it's subject to being taken away. Bible says, "For by grace you are saved through faith." And this is a gift of God. It's not of ourselves. Nothing that we can brag about. Nothing that we can boast about. And so if I could say this and what I'm wanting to inspire us with, especially coming off the the series on the year in preview and encouraging us to be more faithful in these areas in the word. Uh and since I'm wanting to encourage you to labor for these eternal rewards, I think it needs uh we need to be able to distinguish what these rewards are from the gift. So we never have it in our minds that I'm laboring. I'm laboring to receive eternal life, but I'm laboring because I have eternal life. Eternal life has a way that it looks. Eternal life is living for others. then I I want to live that. I want to be a servant. I want to express it. I want to have that humility and nature of Christ to live his life. Now, thank you for your patience as we recap some of that. Now, if we could look at John 5:4, I want to begin to look closely at this thought of judge of condemnation. So, he says, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that heareth my word and believeth on him that sent me hath everlasting life." This is a present possession for those that are born again. The saved presently possess eternal life. It's not it's not even just the possibility of it. It's not, well, if you could just keep holding on, you'll keep it. No, they presently possess eternal life and shall not come into condemnation, but is passed from death into life. So, if you will not come into condemnation, you've passed into death into life. We know that this means you'll come up in that first resurrection or you're going to go in the rapture. uh your your your entire destiny is completely changed by virtue of that seal. And so I think we said this on Sunday, this the seal of God, it guarantees your eternal relationship with God. If you have the Holy Ghost, you have eternal life. Then your position in Christ as a son of God is secure. Uh you have relationship with God. It is eternal security for the believer. Uh though some take that and they pervert it and they make it to something that it's not, the believer has eternal security in Christ. And so because you have eternal life, it means that you've bypassed and catch this and I know you know this so just uh humor me by putting it into the record. You've bypassed the wage that is required for sin. So if you possess eternal life and Paul is saying the wages of sin are death but if you have eternal life that's the gift of God and you don't have to worry about this death. And so he purposely puts them there side by side. So eternal life means that you've bypassed the reward for sin which is death. And death scripturally is and when and it's identified this way in particular that right here where it says you've passed from death unto life. It's a place it's the miserable state of the unsaved when they die. Right? Because when the believer dies, we say they're sleeping. Uh there's there's an expiration of life to the body, but they're not in the same place that the wicked are when they die. So it's a future misery in the afterlife. The Bible calls it hell. And there's different words that are used for it. Hades or shell, but it's defined as the grave or death. And it's where the unsaved go when they die. And when they go there, they're awaiting judgment. Now, I I realize there's such a tremendous pull tonight, and you kind of get more into the the the preaching mode. Uh but maybe it this is things that are uh in particular very tight things that you would teach and want you to know very clearly in the scripture. So, the Bible when it talks about hell, it's death. It's the grave. It's the place that the unsaved go. And it's that underworld of demons. Brother Brandham drew out these dimensions. It's the thing beneath us. It's below us. And so there's a present hell that is beneath us. You descend down into the pit. It's beneath. It's down. It's below. It's the region of the lost. Brother Bam taught us all those things. As a young boy, he visited this dimension. You remember how he described it had a feeling to it, a smell, and this torment, this endless darkness. A and and the way that he described it as a young boy when he saw it, it was so pronounced to him that when he broke into a vision in J Penney and caught that other realm, he said, "I was back in hell again there, right there at Tucson, I believe, because that it was so distinct." And that's a dimension that's very, very real. The Bible says in second Peter chapter 2:4, and if I could just back up a little bit, this is what Jesus is saying. You've passed from death into life. There's this place. This is a place that you're avoiding now that you have eternal life. It says, "For if God spared not the angels that sin, but cast them down to hell and deliver them into chains of darkness to be reserved in judgment." This is describing that place of waiting. These chains of darkness, reserved unto judgment. This is hell. This is the grave. This is Hades. This is shell. This is gayana is another word that's used for this place that the unrighteous, the wicked, the unsaved go when they die. And we understand that, right? We understand that if a a Christian dies, they don't go to the same place that a sinner dies. And this is what's being described here in the scripture. It's a place of torment and fear. I think brother called it a nightmare, endless and horrible. So there's this foreboing of judgment because you're uh this is cast down to hell where they're in chains of darkness reserved unto judgment. So if you're still subject to judgment, there's a place that you have to go right before you before you go to judgment. I know they kind of joke about Phoenix being uh heaven's waiting room with all the people that come here and retire. I think that's what they call it. Maybe I'm thinking of Florida. But uh that that this is really hell is the waiting room for before you go to the white throne. If you're subject to judgment, that's where you have to go. Now notice how Jesus uh breaks this out in the parable of the rich man in Lazarus. He says in Luke 16:es 22 and 24, "And it came to pass that the beggar died and was carried by the angels into Abraham's bosom. And the rich man also died and he was buried." So notice Jesus in his language is signaling that this this one who died was carried into Abraham's bosom by the angel. So he had a different resting place. Whereas the rich man which we know had the improper attitude towards the poor and towards this beggar, he went to the place that was reserved for him and that he just says he's buried. But then he describes it and in hell he lift up his eyes being in torments. So Jesus is using a parable to show us that there's those that'll die that go into he says the bosom of Abraham others who die who go into hell and who are tormented and seeth Abraham a far off and Lazarus in his bosom. And he cried and said, "Father Abraham, have mercy on me and send Lazarus that he may dip the tip of his finger in water and cool my tongue, for I am tormented in this flame." Now, there's not a literal burning hell now as far as the lake of fire as it would be described, but Jesus is using this image of a tormenting place, a place where one is actually suffering with no end in sight. You think if it's torment, if it's torture, if it's a nightmare, if it's this h terrible place that life would expire. But it's this indeterminable amount of time that they would wait there until the judgment. They would maybe not even have the sense of time and when this is going to end. And Jesus is breaking out the place that the righteous go to. He describes it as Abraham's bosom. But then this other place where you wait judgment and it's a place of torment. says in uh Revelation 20:14, we'll come to it here in a little bit. It says that death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. It says this is the second death. The second death is the annihilation of death and hell. So death and hell uh are are places uh things that are very specific things that are going to be cast into the lake of fire where there's this complete annihilation of death and hell. Now, brother Brandham says in chapter four of the church age book, he said, "So the wicked shall be cast into hell, Hades or the grave, and hell into the lake of fire." So he's showing there's a place where the wicked go and then those things are even thrown into the lake of fire, separated from God. What a terrible thing that will be because the second death is the eternal separation from God. Not an eternal hell, but a permanent punishment. That's what the scriptur is implying by the language that's used is once you go there, there's no redemption from that. And it's not that a literal burning hell for eternity, but it is a permanent uh um damnation or eternal punishment. It cannot be redeemed back from that. Now he says, "What a terrible thing that would be. But with the righteous, it shall not be so. They don't have to fear. They've been redeemed by God. They are in his bosom. They are the overcomers." So the redeemed are in a different category. This is where we're wanting to break out the what the the gift is and what the benefits of the gift are separate from the rewards that God will give you. These eternal rewards that are uh there available for you to labor for the elect do not enter into death as others do. And so when a when a believer dies, he's not going to the same place that everyone else does without eternal life. He bypasses that because he has or she has the gift of eternal life. And with that gift of eternal life, she goes to a different place of waiting. And since she has that gift, the elect, there's no judgment or condemnation. Romans chapter 10 verse4. This is a very lengthy thought that you'll find in other scriptures, but this one sums it up so well. For Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to everyone that believeth. Christ is the end of judgment for sins. Because that's what the law does. that condemn you. Condemns you because no one can live perfectly. Says Christ is the end of judgment for sins. It's the end of the law for righteousness to everyone that believeth. In him our unrighteousness is paid for. In him our sins are atoned for. God said there's a price for sin. And if you've sinned, that soul that sinnth is worthy of death. Christ becomes the mercy seat, the propitiation, the substitute sacrifice for your sins. So when you're willing to be identified with him, repent of your sins, and accept the sacrifice, then therefore the price for your sins has been paid. And Paul is saying Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to them that believeth. It's the end of judgment for sins. And he said in Romans chapter 8 verses 1 to two, there is therefore now no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus. Why? Because there's no sin that would condemn you. None whatsoever. Isn't that the beautiful revelation of justification? You never did it in the first place. And I can still remember the first time I ever heard Brother Doug McHugh say it. Uh it just left an impression on me. And then I heard him say it later and it meant just as much to me the second time as the first time I ever heard it. But he was talking about how he was uh counseling with the young sister and she was going to him and she said, "Oh, brother Doug, but I made this mistake and I've done this and I've done that." He said, "Sister, if you told that to God, he'd say, "I don't know what you're talking about. Right. I I I don't know what you're talking about. There it's not even there anymore. Why? It was a perfect sacrifice and a perfect blood that has paid the price for those sins. And it's it's in order to liberate the believer from bondage. And so there now there is now therefore no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. For the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death. Amen. The law of sin and death is the very law that Jesus is referring to when he says, "He that believeth on me hath everlasting life and shall not come into condemnation, but is passed already from death into life." That by faith, believing and receiving that gift of eternal life through the baptism of the Holy Ghost, you're no longer subject to this condemnation for sin. the price has already been paid. And that that condemnation both in John chapter 5 and then here in Romans 8, it means judgment. It speaks of being separated out and it's and it's in a it's in a fearful sense because it speaks of damnatory judgment. In other words, you're being judged to determine punishment or there's a possibility of punishment that if you stand there and I was reading the quote again today where brother Bam is talking about, you know, shoot me with the machine gun, tear me limb for limb, open me up, but whatever you do, don't have me stand before white throne judgment because before that judgment seat, the only thing that there's a pos the possibility of being poured out upon you is punishment. But for the believer, they bypass that alto together. There is absolutely I I hope that you can get this because I think in some ways the devil's become an expert at Mhm. you're going to lose your sunship, right? He's just so wellversed in trying to make us feel like we can lose our election. That's impossible. It is absolutely impossible for you to lose lose your election. Now, I guess it's we know it's possible that some people could think they're elected and they're not, but I'm not talking to anybody like that, right? And so there's this this sense that I'm wanting you to recognize in this that this place where he says there is no more condemnation. There is no threat of future punishment. This damnation as it would be called in the scripture. There's no threat of separation from God. There's no threat of future punishment. Why? Because the elect having received the gift do not have to be afraid that God will take it back. Amen. and be subject to hell again. In John 11 25 and 26, he says, "I am the resurrection and the life." What beautiful uh placing in positioning to those Mary and Martha who believed in a resurrection and were even testifying that I know my brother, he'll live again one day in the resurrection. And that's the mindset of the resurrection. It's a particular point on the calendar or something along a continuum. And Jesus saying, "Let me upset that a little bit. I am the resurrection. I am the resurrection and the life. And he says, though he were dead, he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live. So in this in this sense, he's describing the sleeping saints. That's right. Which which Lazarus represented the believer who that blood relation who is there sleeping. And brother Bam even uses this as an example of the voice of the resurrection. He that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live. And then the next, whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. There's the living saints, those that are alive and remain at the coming of the Lord. It's those that Paul would say, we may we don't all we won't all sleep, but we shall all be changed. That's the promise for the believer that goes to sleep and the one that passes by way of a physical death. That's the promise to those that are alive and remain. Jesus said, "He that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live again. And he that liveth and believeth in me, he shall never die. He's prophesying of the resurrection and the rapture of the bride. We shall all be changed. This is the benefit of the gift. When a believer dies, they don't go to hell. They don't go to the grave in the sense of waiting for judgment. They enter in beyond the curtain of time. Right? They enter into a different place where all the elect are waiting. And and I know what we want to do is we want to begin to imagine that. And we could take the things brother Brandham described, but what you'll probably be doing is taking everything you know through 10 human senses of the of the body and the spirit and trying to figure that out over there what that place is like. And brother like I can't describe it. It was sublime. It was perfection beyond perfection. Like don't even try to say it. The only thing he could talk about is the absence of certain feelings. He just couldn't describe it. So before you try to figure all that out, right? We can let's believe in it. But so this that even if you begin to think of it this way that well there's going to be a thousand-y year millennium but you know a thousand years a day right to God and so that time whatever whatever their sense of time is in that dimension you wonder if it's not just one after another has just like this been entering on beyond the curtain of time and for them it's it there's a sense of waiting but it's not drawn out the same way that we would feel it. The believer goes in beyond the curtain of time in a dimension where the redeemed are waiting what? The fullness of redemption. And so those that sleep, those that are dead in Christ, those that have received that gift of eternal life through the new birth when they die, they're not going to hell. They're not going to the grave. They're not waiting for judgment. Therefore, there that's why the the Bible says there is no condemnation. There is no judgment to determine a penalty. I hope you catch this because I'm want to identify in the scripture in the message of the hour that will there will be a time when we will all be held accountable for our works and our work is going to be judged but not to determine penalty to determine rewards. Amen. In Hebrews chapter 9 27 and 28 and it is as it is appointed unto men once to die but after this the judgment this judgment is damnation or condemnation that's the same trial or separation to determine punishment. This is this is the lot for all men. But because this is appointed unto men once to die and after this judgment. So Christ was once offered to bear the sins of many. Maybe not all men, right? Even though it paid the price, he bears the sins of many. And unto them that look for him shall he appear the second time without sin unto salvation. So he comes the second time not to pay the price for salvation, not to deal with sin, but to resurrect and rapture the sinless. Why? Because he uh Christ was offered to bear the sins of many for the men who were appointed to die and then face judgment. Two things are certain. I know that we believe that there's two things are certain, death and taxes, but there was a third one that was certain and it's judgment, right? That this is all men being convicted of sin and being guilty of sin. you're going to there's there's death, tax, taxes, death, and judgment. And this it's a certainty. But now that Christ has died, he deals with sin, which death is the wage for, right? And that if he deals with sin, he deals with the judgment. It's already been judged in Christ. Brother Bram says the one who ones who qualify for the first resurrection, the bride, are not in the judgment. Amen. So, if you'll turn with me to Matthew chapter 25, there's so many different scriptures we could use to express this. But as I read this, we're going to be identifying points in points of judgment that the bride is not being judged in. But I'm wanting I'm sharing this to focus on how the bride or the elect are not judged for punishment. They're not judged to be condemned. And we're not wanting to take the time to just teach very plainly on who these other groups are. We just merely want to distinguish the benefit of the gift, the benefits of the gift from the rewards. And I believe to do so, it's necessary to distinguish the elect from those who face the judgment throne or white throne judgment. And so in Matthew chap 25:es 31 and 32, when the son of man shall come in his glory and all the angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory, and before him shall be gathered all nations, and he shall separate them one from another, as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats. So now in this particular judgment scene, the bride is there, but she's part of the judge. She's there with him in his throne. the bride is judging because there's no condemnation. So therefore, she's not subject to this separating. There's going to be a separating time at white throne. And in maybe I I don't know if I should say this. Uh we know the bride is being judged right now by the word. She's being separated out by the word. The b the Bible revelations 18:4 in this age in this day has cried out to us, come out from among her. Why? Because there's going to be judgment upon her. And so we've been separated out already and we're being judged by the word. And since we've already been judged by the word, we can sit here and rule and reign with him in judgment. So in this scene, the bride is there with Christ or with the son of man. But it's now a time of separating where all nations are going to be come before the Lord and he shall separate them one from another as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats. Now often the question comes up when we look at white throne judgment is well who are these righteous and uh and who are the sheep? And it speaks of the righteous because God in his mercy and grace approves them at white throne. So the righteousness is of a matter of acceptance or approval. And here it's just a figure of speech to talk about this. These aren't his sheep. It's him as a shepherd as a shepherd dividing sheep from goats. Brother Benham identifies it very clearly in chapter 7 of the church age book. To further clarify, notice specifically the words of Matthew 25:31-46. It does not say that a shepherd is literally separating sheep from goats. But it is as a shepherd dividing sheep from goats. These are not sheep in this particular area of time. White throne judgment. The sheep are in his fold. They heard his voice word and they followed him. And here he he he kind of he yells again in all caps. They already have eternal life and cannot come into the judgment. Think how simple that is. Come on. Listen. And the Baptists do not own eternal life. They do not own being saved. And sometimes there's just too many bentecostals in the message or just plain Baptist. And they and they get their minds fixed on this idea of being saved and salvation. Eternal life is kind of just being this general thing that Baptists have. But this is for the elect. They already have eternal life. They cannot come into judgment. I don't know if I have it here, but brother Bam says they come up in judgment because they didn't have eternal life seeing that they weren't members of the bride. Amen. So, this is the white throne judgment. We see it described here in Revelations chapter 20. I think I might say only 12 and 13, but we're going to go all the way to 15. Says, "I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God, and the books were open. And another book was opened, which was which is the book of life. And the dead, remember, that's not the bride. That's not the elect. These are those that are as goats and sheep being separated." This is before the throne of glory. Brother man called it the white throne judgment. This is the scripture describing that scene. The dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books according to their works. So white throne judgment is it's not it's not I think there's just I don't believe that you can even separate the price and the penalty that's paid for all sin from this moment. But he's looking at their works to determine what they receive. And it's these very things that cause the legalist and the Armenians to look at a worksbased judgment. Works based judgment. They say, "Well, it's very clear in the scripture that he's going to judge works." Absolutely. He's going to judge works. So, it just depends on who you are. If your bride, your salvation is by the work of Christ alone. If you're not, then that's the way you're getting in because you're judged according to their works. It says, "And the sea gave up the dead which were in it, and death and hell delivered up the death which were in them. And they were judged, every man according to their works, and death and hell were cast in a lake of fire." This is the second death. And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire. You have those names in the record of the lamb's life whose names can never be removed. But then you have the entire record of the wheat plant that has the names of all that have ever lived. Brother Bam teaches us from that record names can be removed based upon their deeds. Right? Your names can never be replaced or removed based upon one deed. Right? A sacrifice an act of election. Christ Jesus says that those that you've given me none I will lose none of them. But in this record of all life it's the record of the wheat plant. All those who've come up and and served some purpose. God is still going to have mercy upon this plant, upon those who live their lives and were given opportunities and they're going to be judged according to their works. And if their names remain, he says, if their names do not remain, they're cast into the lake of fire. Brother Bam, he says they had they already had eternal life and cannot come into judgment. Now, he continues, but these do not have eternal life and they are in the judgment. Notice the requirement, right? The requirement between those who stand in judgment and those who do not is those that have eternal life. Now listen, I love the third pool. I love the seven thunders. I was actually thinking of a sermon the other day called Thunders 2.0, but it's probably not what you're thinking, but I I love the deep things. I love what God has done in under the opening of the word. I I love the uh the the the seven seals that Brother Brandham preached. I love the who is this Melzdc and what is the attraction and the fulfillment of Luke 17:30 and the commencing of 1 Thessalonians 4 uh 16. I love these things. But the Bible has a way of just referring to it as eternal life. What? Because that's Christ. That's Zoe. That's God's life. It's his life. It's his mind. It's his understanding. And that's what it pertains to. All these things pertain to this. And he's saying, "Oh, but these do not have eternal life. And because they don't have eternal life, they go into judgment. They are allowed to go into eternal life. Remember that even in the eighth day and eternity, they partake of the tree of life for the healing of the nations to perpetuate life eternally. But we won't have to do it. Right? But upon what grounds do they enter into eternal life or to life eternal? Certainly not upon the fact that they already have his life as does the bride. But they receive it because they were kind to his brethren. He's identifying a very specific class of people. They are not his brethren. That would make them joint hes with Jesus. They are not heirs to anything but life. So there's more, right? There's more that pertains to this. They share no throne with him, throne, etc. with him. Their names must have been in the book of life and not removed. Now because of their love of the people of God, they are recognized and saved. It's still God's grace. Because I I tell you, if you if those that experience that, you won't find them bragging one bit when they get in. Like, man, I was in that line and I was toast. I knew I was going to die, but I guess I did. I What he's told me is I when one of his own was thirsty, I gave him a glass of water. And I'm here for that. There'll still be a rejoicing. There'll still be a recognition that in so as much you did it unto the least of these, you've done it unto me and still go, "Oh, thank you. Thank you for having grace. Thank you for having mercy." There won't be one braggard there. They're recognized and saved. Now, if we could, we're making excellent time. And brother Asher, I'm not going to forget, but remind me if it seems like I do. In John 5:es 24-29, he says, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that heareth my word and believeth on him that sent me hath everlasting life and shall not come into condemnation, but is passed from death unto life." I believe Brother Brandham does such a thoroughly wonderful job of breaking the scripture down and making it so plain to us what it means. I trust that we have this understanding that we have eternal life now. We will not stand before judgment because we've already passed from death into unto life. If the believer who has received everlasting life according to the scripture dies, he goes, he's asleep as Paul would say it, he's in another dimension altogether, not waiting judgment, but waiting fullness of redemption, waiting to receive that glorified body. And then verse 25, verily, verily, I say unto you, the hour is coming, and now is when the dead shall hear the voice of the Son of God, and they that hear shall live. For as the Father hath life in himself, so hath he given to the Son to have life in himself, and have given him authority to execute judgment also, because he is the Son of Man. If I could say this just to wet your appetite a little bit, the Son of Man is judgment, a judgment dispensation. But I know immediately we think judgment, oh no horror. But it also comes with vindication, right? It comes to avenge, to declare worthy, to declare righteous. You have to have judgment to be declared righteous. Right? There has to be some judgment passed. So we're not afraid of the sentence. Right? The bride is not afraid of let it come forth from your mouth. We're willing to receive it. and and we're willing even now to subject ourselves to correction because we know that it's not there's no eternal punishment that comes with it. We we shouldn't ever be afraid to be examined by the word and find out we're wrong. If the zeal of the age is to repent, let's not be afraid to say we're sorry. Let's not be afraid to own it if we make a mistake. Yeah, I shouldn't have done that. Yeah, I made a mistake. Because that has no indication whatsoever of your election or even your seal. It actually is a better indication that you might have it when you're willing to be repent, willing to say you're sorry, willing to humble yourself. And so there's that there's this dispensation of judgment that comes when the son of man is revealed. And we see this. He says, "I say the hour is coming and now is that the dead are going to hear the voice of the son of God and live." So he's talking about something very particular. Then he changes. He says, "Marvel not at this, for the hour is coming in the which all that are in the graves shall hear his voice and shall come forth they that have done good unto the resurrection of life, and they that have done evil unto the resurrection of damnation." Jesus is referred to two different groups in these scriptures. You have a group that's referenced in verses 24 to 27, an entirely different group that's referenced in re verses 28 and 29. These last two verses, marvel not that the hour is coming when all that are in the graves will hear his voice and come forth to be judged. One to a resurrection of life and one to the resurrection of damnation. This is the general resurrection. All are raised to stand before the judgment throne. This is not the rapture. So what brother Bam teaches us, this is not the rapture because in the rapture only the dead in Christ and the living bride are raised. Right? But now Jesus saying all that are in the grave. So, there's going to be a time when all that are in the graves are going to be raised up. They're going to have to stand before white throne judgment uh to be judged according to their works. And since they're not born again, they come up in the se second resurrection to be judged. You understand that? I know this is this ought to be familiar to all of us. But the reason why I'm doing it is not because I don't think you know it. I'm doing it because I'm going I'm wanting to look at how that the bride is judged to determine a reward. And I don't want you to confuse it at all with any any other judgment. Right? The judgment seat of Christ ought not to be confused with this white throne judgment. Because if you're judged at white throne judgment, then there's still the threat of punishment. And the bride has passed that. She's passed condemnation. There is no condemnation. This is how brother Brandham treats it in question and answers in 1961. He says, "Let's brother," he says, "Let's see, brother Brandham. What happens to the people that are considered the sleeping virgin when they're judged at the judgment?" Well, the sleeping virgin will be saved, of course. Of course, she'll be saved at the judgment. She'll never be the bride, but she is a saved group of people that will come up in the judgment that will not be included in the bride. But as long as they're virgins, they are before God. They are to be saved. He separates. There'll be the sheep on his right side, and the unsaved will be the goats on his left at the great white throne judgment. Amen. And so, we find this in the church age book. We find it in other places. Brother Brandham deals with it. There are groups of saved. He refers here to the the ver the virgins, the foolish virgins here. We know there's Jews that are going to be saved and then those that are good to the brethren. He's already identified that there are he says they are a saved group. There's other groups that are going to be saved. I know we can get in our minds that when we we could get this idea that there's uh and that's the danger maybe of uh of how the the human mind works. We say only the only the bride is saved. Yes, the bride alone possesses eternal life now because it's only the elect or the church of God, sons and daughters of God that are going to go up in the first resurrection. But there's promises for those who are outside of even that relationship with God that he'll have mercy on. And so there'll be many more saved at that day. There'll be many, many that enter into eternal life. And you know what? You don't want to have the wrong attitude towards them because that wouldn't be becoming of a Christian. As brother Brandham says, a bride don't persecute bride. Why not? Because bride don't persecute anybody. Amen. Right. It's like that's the main thing. The bride doesn't persecute anybody. And because she doesn't persecute anybody, she's never guilty of persecuting the bride. Amen. So there will be groups saved at white throne judgment. But verses 24 to 27, those who hear the voice of the son of God and live, completely different group altogether. They're those who are li while alive. They hear the voice of God. They hear the voice of salvation. My sheep hear my voice and they don't follow any other pe Paul called it being quickened from death unto life. Why? Because we were dead in sins and trespasses, right? You hath he quickened. And so there is a quickening from death. It's exactly what Jesus is saying. You're going to hear the voice of God and it's going to give you a resurrection here. A resurrection of the soul a out of out of death. Completely remove that stain upon the soul. Because once the soul is sealed, the soul is in the eighth day, literally, right? Well, I mean, that's how brother Bam puts it in future home. He's saying the soul is sealed and there's nothing more that can be added to the soul to make it any more perfect. Once the soul is sealed, you can't say, "Ah, you know what? I think you just need a little bit more left-hand holy ghost." Uh-uh. It's already perfect. No, I think what you need is a little right hand holy. No. Uh-uh. Already perfect. The soul is perfect sealed. The devil can't get you. You're eternally secure. And what God calls calls the seal is the earnest, the down payment, the guarantee of the resurrection, the guarantee of the fullness of redemption. Those are the benefits of the gift. And therefore, no one should ever use scriptures pertaining to rewards or things, crowns that'll be handed out to ever try to bully the believer from claiming every single benefit that is available to those who have eternal life. Because if you have just a spoonful of the ocean, you have every single element that's in the ocean. I think I'm I I I guess I'll just I'll it won't become as a surprise to anybody. I just wish I would have written it down, but if I could if I could remember what it says there there's more elements in one spoonful of the ocean than there are spoonfuls of the ocean. Okay. So when brother Brandham says you just got a spoonful, don't think for your minutes it's like, well, I guess I got to measure. No, you having it with measure, it's still limitless, with measure without limitation, right? It's going to operate according to the law of faith. So let's not dumb down the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Dumb don't dumb down eternal life. Embrace it for all that it is because these are the benefits of the gift. Amen. The bride, those that hear the voice of the son of God and live, this is the bride. She does not have to face condemnation. Therefore, all fear should be crossed out. So much of what the word is trying to do is wash away fear. Brother Bam, when he dealt with election and predestination, he said, "I'm trying to I'm trying to get rid of the scare the scare and the fear. I I'm wanting to get that away. I'm not trying to scare you. I'm trying to drive it away from you." In 1 John chapter 5 11-13 he says and this is the record that God hath given to us eternal life and this life is in his son. So if you have it you have to be in him. He that hath the son hath life has to be by one spirit that you've been baptized in this body. This is the only way that you could have this life. This is the record. This is a different record. There's going to be a judgment when books are open and books are going to be all opened up and they're going to be judged according to their works. But this is your record. Your record is that you have eternal life because he's given it to you through the son. He that hath the son hath life. He that hath not the son of God hath not life. These things have I written unto you that believe on the name of the son of God that you may know that you have eternal life. So this is not a new problem. He wanted them to know what they had. that you may know that you have eternal life and that you may believe on the name of the son of God. Just trying to encourage them in this gift to enjoy all the benefits of it. We shouldn't live below any of our privileges as a son or daughter of God. My last statement I'd like to read to you again from the church age book chapter 7. Brother says that great royal seed Jesus Christ was planted. He died and that life that was in him came up through the wheat plant and is reproducing itself in multitudes of wheat seeds having the same life in them and being like the original because by spirit they are original. Now we can see why the redeemed brought back by the original owner bride. She was in him as Eve was in Adam cannot ever have her member names taken off the record. Amen. So he said, "Now we can see why the redeemed bride cannot have her member names taken off the record. She was in Christ just as Eve was in Adam. She's been brought back by the original owner. She can't have her member names taken off the record." This is the record that God hath given unto us eternal life. She is a part of him. She is in the throne. She can never be judged. Amen. Everyone in the bride is a member of him and he loses none. There is therefore now no condemnation to those that are in Christ Jesus. Why? Because if you're in him, if you have the son, you have eternal life. He that believeth on me, you have everlasting life. You shall not come into judgment. You don't have to stand before white judgment to determine whether or not your sins or your works will merit you life or hell. You have been deemed judicially righteous. Amen. As a matter of fact, brother Brandham came in this hour and and identified the wigged one. There he was, the supreme being, the supreme judge, and he pronounced your sentence sinless. He said, "Justified without spot or wrinkle, as if you've never done it in the first place." He wasn't even looking at your good works, let alone your bad works. He's declared you righteous. Therefore, there is no threat of judgment. There is no threat of punishment. Amen. You're free. There is no condemnation to them that are in Christ Jesus. Oh, praise the Lord to be
