################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-11-29 - Bro. Boaz Romero I Will Finish My Work - Boaz Romero.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2023-11-29
Title:    Bro. Boaz Romero: I Will Finish My Work
Speaker: Boaz Romero
Church:   Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 56m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Bc48Rmb6i6U
========================================

Description:
Bro. Boaz Romero: I Will Finish My Work 
Wednesday Service: November 29, 2023
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
And then here in the book of Hagi chapter 2 chapter verse 6 through verse 9 it says for thus say the Lord of hosts yet once it it is a little while and I will shake the heavens and I will shake the earth and the sea and the dry land. You see everything is shaking. Everything is moving. Everything is going to be is going it's is going to suffer a change. And it says, "And I will shake all nations and the desire of all nations shall come." And but then he said something else here, but he says, "And I will fill this house with with glory, saith the Lord of hosts. The silver is mine and the gold is mine, saith the Lord of hosts." But then it says, "The glory of this latter house," right? Speaking now about a house. Amen. And we are the house of God, right? Amen. So now it is speaking that this house had a beginning, but now we're coming to the end o of of of the of this building and it is telling us here the glory of this latter house shall be greater than of the former. In other words, our lives will will have something greater than what was at the beginning. In other words, your life has to manifest something better than what was at the beginning. Amen. That's what I want tonight, Lord. I want to manifest the fruits of of your spirit. I I I just I not only want the gifts. Amen. Because the gifts and callings are without repentance. Amen. But I want to manifest the gifts the the the fruits of the spirit tonight. Amen. And then it says that be the greater than of the former sayeth the Lord of hosts. And in this place then he's telling us I will I give you peace sayaith the Lord of hosts. Amen. So he's going to give you peace. He his glory is going to be greater than the former glory. So um maybe we can close our Bibles and say thank you Lord. Now we can finish the service and say you have given me a promise that I will have peace in this trouble sometimes that I will have I I will have joy in the midst of my tribulation. Amen. All right. So, is as I said, you know, I normally like to have my notes here or my iPad. Brother Eron, he I always see him when he preaches, he always has his little piece of paper. I'm like, I was going to tease him tonight because I have to do the same because I forgot my iPad in Michigan. But anyway, it's good to have, you know, the paper, you know. Um, so I have something written here and we just want to follow what the Lord wants for us. Amen. And if if I don't say anything from here, but if it is coming from the Lord, it doesn't really matter as long as it comes from his throne. Amen. So, uh if we if we can title tonight, uh uh we can have a subject tonight. I I would like to title this I will finish my work. I will finish my work. Amen. It is not your work. Just so you know, it is not your Christian walk. It is the Lord's walk through you. I will finish my work. So that's my promise. That's what I want to speak to you tonight. I will finish my work. So before we go there, um you know, if if we go back a little bit in history when brother Brandham went to I don't remember exactly the city, but he was preaching at a city and then he um there was there were these two sisters that were friends and both of them they went to the prayer line. Amen. in and the Lord through this sermon and he told them what was their need and they he just told them you go you just go home rejoicing. Amen. So these sisters they they just believe in the word through the prophet of God. So they went home and and one of them I think she had an ulcer or something. So she wasn't able to eat anything because you know it will kind of it will kind of just come back right. So while she was there, but there was this one specific day. There was one specific uh time that when she was there, she was at the house and you know perhaps the kids went to when went when went went to school and then she started kind of cleaning there and then she was like maybe I should try something here. So you know the leftovers she took the leftovers and she kind of put some in her mouth and it was like hm this tastes good and it's like nothing is happening. I I can I can keep it there. And then she tried uh I think there was some toast as well and and and she was fine. And then she w she went back and just made some scrambled eggs and she ate them and she was fine. So she was well something just happened here. And then after after that you know she just realized that she was healed and then she was screaming because she didn't know like you know just praising the Lord I will say and and amen. So then when she was coming out of the house, if if I have the the the data or like the the information right, her friend was coming and I think she had a growth. Amen. And and when her friend uh was there, she was like, well, I don't think he's there. I don't think he's there anymore. And then it was like, well, I think you know, we were healed. Amen. And I just want to tell you something. The prophet of God says what happened. The angel of the Lord, Amen. Then Daniel prayed and it was 21 days before the angel could could get to him. Amen. How many know that? And when the angel of the Lord pronounced that blessing, what what if she had given up? Amen. How many times when you're giving a word from the Lord, you give up right away. But these sisters, they were like, if if he said it, I I will believe it. And that's that's that's settled. Amen. And then, you know, after if you doubt the word of God, then Satan will come right in. Amen. So, but she held right on with the word of God through the prophet of God. But what I like about this is that the angel of the Lord, where was the angel of the Lord? He was passing through the neighborhood that morning. Amen. He knows where you live. He knows all about you tonight. Amen. He has your address. He knows who you are. Amen. He knows where you are at. Amen. He and when he gives you the blessing, he will confirm that blessing. If if if God said something about your life, he will confir confirm that blessing for you tonight. Amen. This is not a a a question or or a guessing time or or a guessing game whether or not this is going to happen. If he said it, I believe it and it's settled. Amen. You have you have to be with that mentality tonight that if the Lord has given you promise, if the Lord has given you a word for your life, you just have to believe it. You just have to stand by by by with that word that the Lord has given because I still believe that the angel of the Lord is still going through our neighborhoods because what happened when sometimes you feel depressed when what happened when when sometimes you feel discouraged and then all of a sudden you feel something good there and and then that peace comes to your house. Who is that? Is the angel of the Lord is the spirit of God coming to your home and is confirming the word that he said what we just read here that it says in the latter in the latter glory will be greater and there will be peace. Yes. Amen. I be grateful tonight that there is peace in the midst of trouble. There is peace peace in the midst of the storm. You know, we were here on Sunday, but I can just say it is just the angel of the Lord confirming and coming and confirming his word for us tonight. Amen. How many believe that tonight? Amen. And then we we ask, you know, we we're we're talking about I I will finish my work, you know, and if we find a definition, what is a work? When when you ask yourself like what is a work? Well, in construction, I I am not a builder or I I don't work in construction, but you know, you do some research and maybe you find some definitions there. It says it is something that is in a process, a work, it is something that is in a process. And and then I was thinking about it. Well, in order for it to go through a process, you have to have a blueprint. Amen. And and then you have to have a a goal that that uh uh construction is going to be finished at a specific time. Amen. You can like you know like the Bible it says when when uh the king is going to war he has to count the cost. Amen. And when you're going to build a house you have to count the cost and you have to make sure that you have the budget to be able to to build that house. Amen. That's the same thing with with with the Lord. You know he has the blueprint. He had already counted the cost and he had already said that he already saw my end from the beginning. Aren't you grateful tonight that he already saw who you're going to be at the end of your days? That you already redeemed. That you already raptured. Yes. Amen. But what happens? It requires materials. It It requires the hand of a good mason to be able to put the materials where they are needed. You require a good shepherd that is going to be coming and it's going to bring some correction there or some encouragement, but it's because that house needs to keep building and building and building. Amen. So, don't get mad with the minister when he tells you that you're going wrong. It's just correcting there. You know, it's like is putting together, you know, the the the the is putting you in in the right place, in the right position so that you can go straight. Because if we wouldn't have someone that will tell us that we're doing wrong, I don't know how my house will be built. Yeah. Very good. But I'm grateful that we have the message of the hour. I'm grateful that we have this Bible that we can go back to the scriptures and it can tell me my my my true identity tonight. Amen. And you know many times as human beings we we look at our lives and and we measure ourselves with the with the word of God and many times we are you know like that king that they he was found lacking. Amen. He he was found short but and many times we we are not meeting the measure that the Lord is asking from us. Amen. This brings frustration. This brings disappointments. We get discouraged. Amen. And um we also tend to compare ourselves with other Christians. Oh, you know that sister is is is is she looks so Christian, you know, like her dress and everything looks so good, but just ask her how she's doing. She may be going through something and you're trying to compare yourself with with her. That's that's not a good thing. You know, in in a late president, American president, he said the comparison is the thief of joy. When you as a Christian start comparing yourself with somebody else that is not the word of God, then it is going to steal your joy. Amen. So my advice tonight is compare yourself with the word of God. There you know why? Because the word of God is the one that brings joy. The word of God is the one that brings peace. Amen. the the word of God is is the one that provides all the materials that I need to keep building the Lord's house. Amen. But I want to tell you something that the Lord has already made provisions so we can make it. Amen. The Lord because you know many many people think that the Lord is guessing every day on how my life is going to go through, right? Many people think that God God works that way, but that's not the way it works, you know, because he you know what the Bible says Romans 8:28 that he already saw before the foundation of the world and he already had seen a finished work. Amen. So if if he is if he's asking me for something is because he had already provided what I need to to fulfill that something that he's asking me. Amen. He's asking me to to to be uh to walk in holiness. Then he's going to put that desire in my heart even. Yes. You won't be able to do anything without the Lord putting that in your heart. Amen. He already made provisions. This is not a guessing time. This is a resting time. It's hard to say it. You know, it's hard. I put it here. Put it here. It's hard to say it than do it. Amen. I can tell you tonight, you have to rest. You have to rest. But then you can tell me, "Oh, but you don't know what I'm going through." But I'm still going to tell you, you have to rest. Amen. Amen. The goal here, you know, well, the the reason why here or why we're here is not to take us out of the grace of God or bring us to the law and then we compare ourselves to the law and then you're going to be falling short. No, no, no. That's not the goal. The goal is to bring us to the center where you need the law and you need grace. Amen. Amen. because it won't work if if you if you work with one of them because the prophet of God says that they have made this a disgrace and we don't want that. But if he said that we rest in we have to rest in what he had already promised that is going to come to pass. That's what we have to rest on. And if he had said that he is the Lord that health all my diseases, all my sicknesses, I have to settle in that. I have to rest in that. Amen. He will do it. He had already paid for it. And if he asks you for something, as I said, it's because he already provided that. He already he had already provided that. Then the prophet of God says, "This great creator, he's the savior. God is faithfully working amongst his own right now as the great shepherd of the sheep." Amen. His very existence is for his own. He loves them and cares for them. His eyes is ever upon them. When the word says that your lives are hid with Christ in God, it means exactly what it says. Amen. Oh, I'm so glad that my God abides abides faithful. He's true to himself. He won't lie. He's true to the word. He will back it up. He's true to us. He will lose none of us, but raise us up. raise us up in the last day. And I can tell you I am glad that I am resting in his faithfulness. It is not brother Boas's faithfulness here because I can fail you tonight. But I'm resting in God's faithfulness. And that's what is going to carry you through through your situation, through your circumstances tonight. And that rest that you can rest in his faithfulness because the Bible says even when you are unfaithful, he remains faithful. Amen. We can rest on that and say thank you Lord because I I have I I make many mistakes or I I say many things that I shouldn't have but you still remain faithful to me Lord. Amen. Amen. So at work, you know, I and I've seen a brother said it this way. He's like in heaven or, you know, it's like there was already a family picture taken. Yep. Amen. And I was there. Yes. Right. You know, I was there, you know, standing there and I was there. I don't know if you were there, but I was already there and I was smiling there. So that's a picture that the Lord had already taken. And the Lord is not looking at the one that is right here. He's looking at the one that he had already seen before before the foundation of the world. Amen. You know, and I can tell, you know, Lord, this is your promise and I believe it tonight. If you seen me before the foundation of the world, I'm settled with that tonight. And Amen. If we can say like here we are in the negative, but he is the positive. He's already seen the positive in us. Amen. So I want to change your mindset tonight and and and instead of you seeing your negatives and start seeing what the Lord is doing through you. And and that's the positive thing. That's a positive thinking. You know, brother Anna says positive thinking will bring will bring positive results. Amen. Amen. Hallelujah. You know we if we think about it is like an apple tree. You can take a seed, you know, think take think think about it. And I think somebody said like when you look at at an apple tree seed, it has the potentials to to provide I think up to 12,000 apples in that little seed. 12,000 apples and and you know and and you see it like it's nothing. So if you see your life sometimes it's like what am I producing? What am I doing? Well, it's not what you see. is what the Lord is seeing through your life. Because maybe you are at home and you're witnessing to someone not to not by what you say but by the life that you're living that other people is like I want to be like them. I I want to I want to I I want to I want to walk like them. They they are different. And what is that? You're producing something. Amen. It's like you can see that potentially the in in that seed there there is that fruit. Amen. And that is the same with the Christian. And if he saw you before the foundation of the world, he saw your faults. He saw your shortcomings. But he is seeing the potentials that are within you and how you are his child. Amen. You you were not you won't be. You are his child. He is what the Lord is saying. He's seeing you through the blood of Christ. And the only thing he sees he's he only see the blood of Christ covering this world and and he doesn't see your mistakes. Why? because he's seeing you through the blood. Amen. Many people is seeking, if we can say this, many people is seeking for the gifts of the spirit which they are great. The gifts of the spirit are great. And we want to be measured by the gifts that you that that I have. Amen. But I want something more. I don't want only the gifts. I want to be measured. I want to measure my experience by the fruits of the spirit of God. Amen. Amen. Because why or what's the reason that I'm going to be producing those fruits is because the fruit giver is living within me. But the gifts as the Bible says gifts and calling are without repentance. And any anyone can can can have the gifts but the fruits not and the devil cannot have love. The the the enemy can cannot love their the his or the his brother or sister, right? But when you have the love of Christ, when Christ is living in you, then you have the giver of the fruits. And then the fruits that I'm going to be producing, then then I can measure myself by the love that I can share with others, by the joy, by the peace that I can share with others. Amen. The again, nothing against the gifts, right? We we need to bring that to the center because many people say, "No, you don't you you don't have to have the gifts." No, you you can have the gifts, but I'd rather the the fruits because the gifts, they they they can they can fade away, but the the fruit of God, the fruit of the spirit, they it will always be there. You know, Galatians 5:22 verse uh verse 20 5:22 it says, "But the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance, and you start looking at all of these, it's like, Lord, how many of them am I producing tonight?" And then it it says against such there is no law and they are that are Christ and they that are Christ have crucified the flesh with the fle with the affections and lust. But if we live in the spirit, let us also walk in the spirit. Amen. Let us not let us not be these areas of vain glory provoking one another, envying one another. Right? But what do I have to do? And always remember that I remember when I was in Sunday school, there was this sister that was teaching Sunday school and I remember she put a a tree there and then she she taught us this verse and now I always remember but the fruits of the spirit there joy, peace, longsuffering in in all of them. You know, I don't know them in English, but I remember them in Spanish. I still remember something. Amen. But this is importance and that's what we're saying like it is good to have the gifts again. Yes. But is better to have the fruits because against the fruits against the fruits of the spirit there is no law against them there is nothing that can destroy the fruits of the spirit because they come from God. Amen. Now we if you just think a little bit about um I was thinking about Jacob and uh if you read in the scriptures you know when when Esau was on his way to kill Jacob he he was desperate. He enter into that desperation because it's like if if I don't receive a a body change, if I don't receive a mindset change, if I don't receive a nature change, then I'm going to die. Why? Because you know I it says here in in the book of Genesis chapter 32 24 it says, "And Jacob was left alone, and there wrestle a man with him until the breaking of the day. And when he saw that he prevailed not against him, he to the hollow of his thigh and the hollow of Jacob's thigh was out of joint and he wrestled with him. So is the first time that a man is is wrestling with God. Amen. And he said let me go for the day breakth and he said I will I will not let thee go and except thou bless me. And he said unto him what what what is thy name? And he said Jacob. He's like, "Jacob, that's your name." I don't He said, "Thy name shall be called no more Jacob, but Israel, but for as as a prince has thou power with God and with men, and hast prevailed." And Jacob asked him and said, "Tell me, I pray thee thy name." And he said, "Wherefore it is thou that does ask after my name?" And he blessed him there. You know, so there was a situation here. So we have Jacob. He's he's fighting with the angel and then there there there is a name change. There is a a something happened here and and then after the angel left, I can tell you when you have an encounter with the Lord, he changes your name and he changes the way the way you walk because after Jacob ended of the end of the fight, then he was there limping. Why? because he he had touched him, you know, the the the he had had that that fight there. But when God comes, he ch he changed Jacob's name. Amen. He he he now changed him from Jacob to uh uh prince with God. And and when God comes to you, he changes the way you walk. He changes your life. He changes your your desire. But who who does that again? And this is the emphasis of tonight. I will finish my work. It wasn't Jacob's work. It wasn't Jacob's doing. It was the Lord's doing in Jacob's life. And And why is is a name change important? Why is it important? Brother Brandham says, you said, what difference? What what difference does the name mean? Why? Sure, it means something. Your name characterizes your life. Amen. Why was it when Jacob he lived to his name as a deceiver, a suppler, it was Jacob. Amen. And when God changed him, he changed his name. God changed the name of Jacob, he changed as as he changed the name of Saul to Paul, from Simon to Peter, certainly the name has something. And when you think about characterization or characterizes your life, it means it it is speaking about your character. And it also speaking about special qualities that you have in your life. That's what you need. An a a name change. That's what you need a a a nature change. Amen. And and that's my my my my desire tonight. I I not only want to have a name change, but I also want to have a a a different walk with the Lord. Amen. Because that is what happened with Jacob. His his name was changed. His nature was changed. And now what's your name now? I'm I am no longer Jacob. I am now Israel. I am now a prince with God. Yes. And and then the Lord now we bring it to our day. He has made us princes. And he has made he has made us even more than that. He has made us kings and priests. Now he has given us a new name. And what is that name that the the the families on earth are named? The name of our Lord Jesus Christ. That is your new name. And then when you have that new name in your life that brings a new nature in your life that now again is not your work. It's not how much you can come to church but it is the Lord doing the work. I'm so grateful for that. That is Lord thank you that it is not my work because if it is we if it will be for my own effort I wouldn't be here. If it if it wouldn't be by grace just think about it. I was just thinking, Lord, if it if it wouldn't be by for your by your grace, I wouldn't be here. I don't know where I will be. But I'm just grateful that you have changed my name. You have changed my nature that now I don't have a nature of a vulture or or or or a or a deceiver or of a liar or a suppler. I have the nature of a son of God. Amen. That's my nature. You ask me my name. You ask me why I'm happy. I can tell you why. I know. Because my sins have been forgiven. And now I can enjoy the blessings of the heavenly father. Amen. May my talk show that I have had an experience with you, Lord. Like Jacob, he wasn't scared to fight anymore. He wasn't scared to believe. Amen. Amen. How many here sometimes are afraid to believe? And the prophet of God says that's a trouble with this me with with men tonight. That's the trouble with people tonight. You are scared. That is the biggest curse there is on the full gospel people or any other people is because they are afraid. God has made the provision. Again, the Lord has made the provision but you are afraid to take his word for it. If you weren't afraid tonight, why would you take that? Why? Sorry. Why? You will take your healing by faith and know that God promised your healing. If you're sick tonight, you can say, "I'm healed because the Lord is my healer." And and and if you are depressed tonight, you can say, "Lord, you are the giver of joy." And the thing will just go plum away from you, afraid, scared. He says, "And I've noticed it." And that is the reason I am such a believer in healing. I know that if you can get away from that scare and get love, that's the key. Get love because love keeps away fear. Cast away fear and you get that the love of Christ in your life. Then I'm not afraid anymore. Lord, whatever may happen. I've said that before and I had some, you know, some some situations at home. My mom got sick one time. I was preaching. I was like, "Oh Lord, I'm not going to say that again." You know you can say whatever has happened Lord is I'm open but yeah you got to be careful what you say you got to mean it from your heart. Yeah right. Amen. But we believe in the love of God in its place something is going to happen. Amen. There there is only two faculties that govern a human and one of them is faith which brings results and the other is fear. Amen. Which has no value. Think about it. fear it doesn't have value because it is it doesn't exist right but what about faith it does exist even though I cannot see it but I I I know that it exists because fear is is like is is something that I am you know think about people that when they are anxious about things it's like being afraid of the future being afraid of tomorrow when tomorrow hasn't even happened or being depressed thinking about the past when the past is already gone. And missing the present with Christ. Amen. The love of God in your heart. Amen. Faith is of God. Fear is of the devil. Fear makes you weary. Fear makes you wonder. But what happened with Jacob? He was not wondering. He was not afraid. After he had that experience with Christ, he was not the same. after Saul when when when he became Paul, he didn't have he he wasn't a perse a persecutor of the church anymore. Now he was part of them. Why? Because his his mindset was ch was changed. His his his uh his way of living, his walk was changed and now he wanted to be part of the Christians. Same thing with Peter. You know what? Tell me about Peter. Before he had an experience in the in the upper room, yeah, he denied the Lord. Amen. But what happened after the Holy Ghost the Holy Ghost came to his life? It was a complete change. But now what can you tell me about the church? When the church or when the when the child or or daughter of God had had an experience with Christ, they cannot walk the same way. I can tell you that you cannot walk the same way when you have had an experience with Christ because there is now something burning in your life that now you want to please him more and more and more. And why is that? Because now he's living in you. That is that that is the key here is because now he is living in me and I he's doing the work and I am resting. Isn't that beautiful? He's doing the work and I am resting. I'm resting in the work that he had already done before the foundation of the world. Amen. Let me see. I don't know what time it is, but praise the Lord. Amen. Okay, it's 8:10. Okay, I am in Michigan time, so that's like 10 for me. So, I'm already late. Amen. So, now let let's think about this a little bit. And you know, we're talking about the Lord. I will finish the work. I will finish the work. I will finish the work. You know when you think about Serubbabel and and and if you think about the meaning of Serubbabel is the one that was planted in Babylon because Serubbabel was born in Babylon. Amen. And then he went with the captives. He went back to to to Jerusalem to reveal to start the the the rebuilding of the temple. Amen. So if we read there in Zechariah chapter 4 f vers verse 4 it says so I answered and spake to the angel and talk with me saying what are these my lord then the angel that talked with me answer and said unto me knowest not thou what this be? And I said, "No, my lord." Then he answered and spake unto me, saying, "This is the word of the Lord unto Zerubbabel, saying, not by might, not by power, but by my spirit, said the Lord of hosts." And then, who art thou, oh great mountain, before Zerubbabel? Thou shalt become a plain and he shall bring forth the headstone thereof with shoutings crying grace grace unto it. Moreover, the word of the Lord came unto me, saying, the hands of Serbel have laid the foundation of this house. And that's the promise. The hands of Serbel have laid the foundation of this house, and his hands also will finish the house. If he started the work, he is faithful to complete it until the day of the Lord. Amen. And thou shalt know that the Lord of hosts has sent me unto you. For who hath despised the day of the small things, for they shall rejoice and shall see the plummet in the hand of Zerubbabel. Remember what is the plummet? Is the one that brings the center. Amen. We need a Servabel to bring the center of the scriptures so that we stay in the in the center. We cannot go you cannot go to the right or to the left because you know when you think about a river on the sides is where the trash is going and I don't want to be there. I don't want to be there where where where the word of God has been compromised or something. I don't want to be there. I want to be in the center where where I can shout and I can be at peace when I can have an experience with Christ and and I can I can cry and I also can can can can jump. But I am not measuring my my experience by the external actions but I am measuring my experience what by what is happening within me. Amen. Amen. That's what we need to measure. Amen. And then when it is saying here the day of a small things think about like you know we kind of the despised and the rejected. This is your day. This is your hour. The day of a small things you are despised rejected but this is the day that the Lord had made. For they shall rejoice again. They shall rejoice and shall see the plummet in the hand of Zerubbabel with those seven that they are the eyes of the Lord which run to and fro through the whole earth. What is he talking about here is talking about the seven spirits sent to the church. You know the seven candlesticks. It is speaking about it. But what I wanted to to to emphasize here in this scripture it says this is the word of the Lord unto Zerubbabel saying not by might. It's not by how strong you are. It's not by how much you know, right? It's not your again, it's not your work. Yes. If you can just rest in that tonight, that is not your word, your work. If the Lord started this house, the Lord is the one that is going to finish the building. Amen. It's not by power, but by my spirit, said the Lord of hosts. Amen. Now, and the prophet of God says, and we know that the scripture says that Jesus is the chief cornerstone. And he's also the headstone. Amen. And and and then it is saying here the seventh church messenger was to restore the faith of of the children back to the fathers. Amen. In other words, reveal the church again under the power of the spirit. Amen. Not not not of the letter the letter because the letter kaleth but the spirit giveth life. So that's when the the the the church of the that's the reason why the church of God needed to be rebuilt by the spirit. Amen. Because the spirit is the one that brings life. Amen. Not by power, not by might, but by my spirit, says the Lord. Not by organization or by denomination, but by the Holy Spirit. God will bring forth the church in the last days. Amen. in uh Seruabel the prince with Joshua was the one that was to bring forth this headstone. Amen. So in if in that time there was a a natural type, there is a spiritual type that had to come in our days. Amen. He laid the foundation. He took the people back to the foundation in type. Amen. That was the the function or or that was the the work of Zerubbabel to bring back the people from the captivity to bring them back to Jerusalem to start rebuilding the temple. Amen. That was his job. But the the word of the Lord came to Zerabel. But it's not by by your by your strength Zabel is by my spirit. Which we all know that these are and is talking brother Brandham is talking about the candlesticks and all of that. And then and the headstone was never put in the pyramid. Amen. So if you look at the head the the the pyramid, it it didn't have a headstone. Why? Because they rejected the headstone. Amen. So that but then one of the things that was happening when they were building those the pyramid is that those stones were were very heavy and and but but when they put them together he says that even a thin razor blade could not get into it. Amen. But and and they are not he's like bre is saying that they are not even cemented like they didn't have to use anything. They just put them all together and they just all fit together in the body of in in in that pyramid. And amen. So, and then he says that's the way the body of Christ should be. Yes. Amen. That when you come to church, you have to fit together. Amen. Amen. You have to be caught by the Holy Spirit by God's great instruments and tools and and we had we would be joined as one person. Amen. All the spirit in unity. All the all the people in unity. And then he says we are not divided. Right. Amen. It becomes so political. You know, we are not divided. If we're here, we are one body, one mind, one accord. Amen. We should be one person. And it goes to show that no machinery can do that that way. Right? The church cannot be united by by a human by by by a human being. Right? That won't happen. Because at the at the at the first uh you know little disagreement then people leave. Yeah. But it is not by power. Sorry. It's not it's not by by might, not by power, but by his spirit that the church is getting united. Amen. And it go and it takes God. It the prophet of God says and it takes God to do that. It takes God to bring the unity in the church. You know it to me like on Sunday when I was here and I was hearing everybody singing you could you could feel that unity and I was Lord may this unity keep growing and growing more in the love of Christ you know it's sometimes it's funny you know you you go to a church and and it's good you know you sing songs and everything but sometimes it is specific occasions that I go to a church and even if they are singing the fastest song I am crying why because you can feel the presence of God and then you can see the people entering into that spirit of God and and I could experience that on Sunday. Wonderful. Praise the Lord. Amen. So I just want to encourage you tonight. Keep that spirit going and and again it's not by might is not by your strength but just keep yielding resting in the promise of the Lord in what? In the work of the Lord. Amen. The prophet of God says it takes God to do that. No mechanics or organizations, none of this can ever ever do it. Amen. As as good as their intentions are, they can never do it because that because that it takes God to do this. The Holy Spirit. You cannot do the work. It is the Holy Spirit that is doing the work. But now according to the prophecy, there will come the headstone. Yes. And I want you to notice that when the headstone comes, the prince that is going to cry out, the the message will cry out, "Grace, grace." For it is by grace are we saved. That that not of works, lest any man should boast. And the message of grace had been tramped under the feet of men until it is become a disgrace. Some of them runs out into eternal security, you know, and and then you can do whatever you want, however you're already saved. And that's wrong. Some run out into everything, but the true message of grace remains the same. And there's where Satan tries to knock it off, knock it out from the church. But it is the grace of God that we are all saved by. In other words, the messenger in this last age has come with a message of grace to the bride. Amen. It was like Serubbabel. He built the second temple and the ministry of this last age has come with shouting of grace and grace and it is building Christ's temple. Now this is our time. Now this is the time where where the Serubbel Serubbabel in in the in this last age had come and now it had had come with a new message and it's the message of the Bible but it's a message of grace. Grace grace unto you tonight. Amen. Amen. That's the grace of God that we can rest tonight that it's not by your works. Amen. Because you see some some some churches preach preach that it is by how many works, how many people you bring to the church, how many Bibles you bring to uh to church on Sunday. Those are works. What if you forget your Bible? Then you're out of grace. But then other people go to the other side and say, "Well, I don't have to bring my Bible. It doesn't really matter." That's the those are both sides of of the road. But I want to be in the center that I'm doing it because I love Christ. I'm doing this because of I love him and nothing else and now because he is living in me. The giver of grace is now living in me and he makes me do things that may be crazy to the world but it is him. Amen. Now we have good time here. Yes. Ezekiel 36. Ezekiel 36:22 it says, "Therefore say I unto the house of Israel, thus say the Lord God." And I love this scripture because the Lord is speaking to Ezekiel and it says, "I do not I do not uh I I do not this for your sakes, oh house of Israel, but for mine holy names sake, which ye have profaneed among the hidden, whether ye went." And then it says, "And I will sanctify my great name which was profane among the heathen, which ye have profane in the midst of them. And the heathen shall know that I am the Lord, sayeth the Lord God, when I shall be sanctified in before their eyes. And then there are nine things here that uh Ezekiel is going to say that the Lord is going to do, right? But I want you to notice something here. And if you guys want to put them there, it says, "For I will take you from among the hidden. I will gather you out of all the countries, and I will bring you into your own land." Isn't that happening to us today? Yes. The Lord is bringing us from our our our kind of trouble minds and he's bringing us to the word to our own land because now this word is our land. And it says then I and gather you out of all countries and I will bring you into your own land. Then I will sprinkle clean water upon you and ye shall be clean. From all your filthiness, and from all your idols will I cleanse you. And a new heart also will I give you, and a new spirit will I put within you. And I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh, and I will give you a heart of flesh. And I will put my spirit within you, and cause you to walk in my statutes, and you shall keep my judgments and do them. Now, think about these nine things. I will take you from among the the heathen. I will gather you out of all countries. I will bring you into your own land. I will I will spring I I I will spring clean water upon you and I will cleanse you from all your idols. Just think about it. I want to ask you where do you see your name that you have to do something here? What is the Lord saying? I will do it. And I I'm not going to do it. If you start reading that that chapter, it it is it is not it is not saying that it's going to do it just for you, but it's like for my name's sake. But he's saying, "I will give you I will give you a new heart." Isn't that beautiful that you have a a stony heart, a heart that didn't have feelings? Yeah. But when you came to the Lord, he made the the open heart surgery and then he took that stony heart from your life and then he put a he put a heart that could feel a heart that could could have emotions. Emotions are good. I mean, Amen. He did that and but he but my my take on or like what I have learned from this scripture is like he is doing the work. I will do it. I will take away the stony heart and I will put a new a new spirit and a new heart and and and and then it says and I will give you a new spirit. He is not his spirit yet because if you think about it with your current with your own spirit you couldn't even get along with yourself. Then he comes and then he gives you a spirit that can can can match to his spirit and then he comes and and and it says the the last uh work that he's doing he's here he's saying I will put my spirit. Aren't you grateful that he's putting his spirit in your life? But he is doing the work not by might, not by power, but by my spirit. Say the Lord. Amen. Says the Lord. Amen. It is a work of grace. I am surrendering every day. And he's taking absolute control of my life, guiding me on the journey. Amen. Bringing conviction into my life. Yes. Yes. And again, not condemnation. Right? That's different. Amen. Because because condemnation, you were under the law. They will find you at fault and you were death. But conviction is like the Holy Spirit comes to your life when you have said a lie. Amen. Or the kids when they moms tells them tells them not to get the cookies and they grab them anyway. Then they say, "I didn't do it." And then you can see the chocolate here, right? And then you know they are discovered. But grace mom says well it's okay just this time but next time you're going to get a spanking. Amen. Amen. In the time of the law when someone was found in the act of sin there was no grace. They were guilty of death. But when Jesus came he came not only to fulfill the law but he came to magnify it. He came to to fulfill to fulfill it. And I can tell you, he has paid it all for us. That's that's my message for you tonight. He has paid it all. He's doing the work. I'm just resting. And then the prophet of God says in this other quote that we have, he says in the de deity of Jesus Christ, if the Lord God could come there and confirm that it is the truth, not only that, but by his word, he confirms it is the truth. And by signs and wonders he confirms it is the truth. Then also grace is the truth. Then why could anyone criticize and say that grace is wrong that we are saved by works? We are saved by grace. That through faith not by works. Works shows that you have been saved. So what was first the grace or the works? Grace. Grace was before the law. Grace was in the law. Grace was after the law. And grace is the one that is going to take me home. It's just grace. But what saves you? It is the grace of God. Grace saves you. Grace is what God does for you. Works is what you do for God to show appreciation of what God did for you. Amen. If I come to church, it's just to show him that he had done a work in my life. If I serve him, it's just to show him in a way of being grateful that he had took me out of of the miracle clay. Amen. But by grace are you saved. Amen. Because of his grace, the law came. Because of his grace, Jesus came. Because of his grace, he sent his spirit in the day of Pentecost. And because of his grace he will be we will be here. We will be out of here one day. Amen. How many are grateful for that grace. Lord you are doing the work. You said that you started the good work and it is just not not not only a work but it's the good work in my life. You will be faithful. You are faithful Lord. You can tell him tonight Lord you are faithful to to fulfill your word. If there is something that I need tonight, Lord, you are faithful to fulfill your word because you promised it, Lord. You said that. You say, "Cry unto me and I will draw nigh to me and I will draw nigh to you, Lord. You said that I believe it tonight." And I'm crying out to you, Lord. You said that you you by your stripes I am healed. Lord, my mind is troubled tonight, Lord. By your stripes, my my mind can be healed. Amen. That's his promise. Amen. But we can finish with this. What is the key? The key is yielding. You just have to yield. And that's the hardest part. Yes. Because you know the human nature, we are always, you know, we like to know what's going to happen. We like to plan and it's good to plan. You know, the Bible speaks about it. But you can we plan trusting in the Lord? Amen. Because then if if you if you kind of start your planning and then something is not is not going to come the way you want it, then you're going to be disappointed. Then you're going to be like, "Oh, it is not happening the way I wanted it." But why don't you trust in the Lord? The prophet of God says, "It is such a marvelous thing and yet it is so simple. We just we will just stop and think. We press, we quiver, we fear, we get in frustrations and doubts just thinking, well, I must press in." It isn't that. It is just yielding. Amen. Realizing that you are nothing. Amen. And just let him completely take you over, take over your thinking. You see, you see here, he's not talking about your heart. He's not talking about your mind. Just let him take control of your mind. Yes. Amen. And And I don't mean to walk up with Christ with just a blank mind. I don't mean that. You come to him in your right mind, in a penitent mind and humble and then say, "Lord Jesus, here I am. Now it is written here in your word that you had many things yet to say to the disciples. You say they could not bear them now." And perhaps that is our case today. We cannot understand them. Amen. But what do we have to do? You have to yield and think that you're nothing. And then the next one, and we're almost closing here. Somebody said that's the lie that the preachers always say. I'm closing. You don't use the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit uses you. See, you are you you are not to use the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit got you. A gift is not something you take like a knife and sharpen a pencil with. It is yielding yourself to God and getting yourself out of the way. Yes sir. So the Holy Spirit can use you. Amen. So in the first one he's talking about yielding and let him com completely take over your thinking. And now he's telling me yield yourself and get yourself out of the way. How many would like to do that and say Lord just take me out of the way and you take control tonight. And we can say with this if the musicians can come being confident of this very thing that he which have begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ. Then Psalms 118:21-24 it says I will praise thee for thou has heard me. How many can say that Lord you have heard me and you are my you have become my salvation. The stone with which the builders refuse is become the headstone of the corner. And then this is the Lord's doing again. It's not your doing. It's not your walk. This is the Lord's doing. And it is marvelous in our eyes. I am overcoming every day. And like Lord, that's wonderful. But what who is overcoming? It's not you overcoming every day. It is him doing the work. is marvelous in your eyes and then this is the day which the Lord had made. We will rejoice and we'll be we will be glad in it. How many can say Lord thank you this is my day. This is my hour Lord that I can rest and you are doing the work. He that started the work the good work in your life he is faithful to complete it. If you have a question tonight you can ask ask him the Lord why is this happening to me? Just ask him. When you have a qu when you have a question, he always will have an answer. And sometimes the answers he will give you will be a no, but at least you get an answer. So if we bow our heads and we bow our hearts and we just want to let's thank the Lord. Heavenly Father, thank you once again. Thank you for your word. Thank you for your children. They have been so attentive Lord to your word. Thank you for this word Lord that this the the builders they rejected these very words Lord that we can receive tonight and now everything that was rejected now it had found its dry place Lord it had found a resting place and that's in my heart tonight Lord if there is someone tonight here Lord that they they don't know you or like they are still wondering or questioning themselves Father may you give them answers tonight may you tell them that you have started the work in their lives and that you're faithful to complete it until the day of the Lord. Lord, may you give them those answers. May they can yield to you. May they can step out of the way, Father. May you speak to their hearts, Lord. May you be like that mother eagle feeding the eagllets, Lord. Mouth to mouth, Lord. That's what we want tonight. We are grateful for your word. We're grateful for your people here tonight. May you bless them um as they they have been here. Lord, we thank you. We bless your name in Jesus name. Amen.
