################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-01-01 - The Year in Preview What is God's Will for Me This Year - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-01-01
Title:   The Year in Preview: What is God's Will for Me This Year?
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nVg-RqQdcbo
========================================

Description:
The Year in Preview: What is God's Will for Me This Year?
Sunday Service: January 1, 2023
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
and so glad that we're together. Here's my title again. It's the year in preview and [clears throat] we're asking the question, what is God's will for me this year? Uh that may have been I think that was the title that I started to work with with what is God's will for me this year? And then it kind of just struck me that it's uh when I begin to look at how particular we can be about God's will, I begin to realize that uh this is the year in preview and that there's things that we're looking forward to and things that we know we can experience and do in this coming year. And so that's my my thought today is to give a year in preview. If you could take your Bibles, I want to turn to Psalm uh 119 and 133 verse 133 to start here. There's going to be a lot here at the outset that may be very very dense and it's I think it's really deep material uh when you begin to look at it and I uh we may go back and unpack some of it. We may [clears throat] need to but if you could just stay very focused with me as we look at it because there's just a lot here and I'm wanting to get to the question of what is God's will for me this year. But to to begin to look at it first, I want to uh look at the idea of how God orders things and our choice as it relates to that. So it says, "Order my steps in thy word and let not any iniquity have dominion over me." Now this uh second part has so much meaning to it, especially when Paul deals with it in the book of Romans. And so he's asking, "Lord, order my steps." This is a prayer to God that our steps we could put ourselves in this and not just the psalmist but order my steps in thy word. Let my steps there speaks of motions and actions and to order them would be to make them firm and to make them certain. And he says make them certain according to thy word. So it's not just uh show me a plain path and I want to know what your will is for my life uh and and or what or not necessarily what your will is but just show me what I'm going to do. show me where I'm going to end up like a fortune teller. He's saying, "Order my steps in thy word. Make them certain. Make them unfailing. Make my actions and my motions uh Lord, you order them. You arrange them." And then in Psalms 37:23, this is where we get uh the phrase, "The steps of a righteous man are ordered of the Lord." The footsteps of a righteous man are order of the Lord. This is the exact verse that that's drawn from. It says, "The steps of a good man." Psalms 37 uh 23, the steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord and he delightth in his way. The way it's phrased there, that last phrase, uh it could be speaking of the Lord, it could be speaking of the man, but both are true. The steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord. And that word there, good man, could have been translated, and I think some uh translations actually render it this way, a strong man. The steps of a strong man are ordered by the Lord or the steps of a conqueror. um the steps of a hero are ordered by the Lord. And it's used that way to to show us that even the strong, even the competent, even the able, the most powerful must rely upon God uh or their strength or their efforts or their genius or their talents will fail them. That's what you could really pick up on this. It says it's not just saying every man's steps are ordered, but it wants us to think about a strong man, a hero, and think that even this man, his life a it it must be ordered by the Lord or all his strength will fail. And so there's a there's this prayer that comes up in these two verses uh that direct all my actions and govern all my affairs and all my affections in a way that your word prescribes them. order my steps in thy word. Or the steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord. Then Lord, direct my actions, govern my thoughts, uh um inspire my affection so that they line up with your word. And it says, "And he delightth in his way." If I can say this, and accepting God's leadership, their satisfaction. And and it's it's not just an acceptance like, "Well, okay." But it's a deliberate choice. When we say, "Lord, order my steps in thy word." Then there's some, and this is where it begins to amplify a lot in Psalms 119 and other places where it's like the word then [clears throat] speaks to us to give us the order. Amen. So then when the word says this is this is the steps, then you walk in them. If if a sinner was pricricked in their heart, the word says repent. A and that's the first step. And then the next step is to be baptized. And the next step is is to to make firm that that baptism of the Holy Ghost, that seal of God. So you can look in the word and see that wherever you are, the word can speak to your situation and order your steps. So it's in a deliberate choice of God's leadership and what that order is. Order my steps and these ordering of the Lord. There's a deliberate choice to accept that. And one thing I thought about it was yesterday as I was considering this is that it's when our way matches his way. It says he delightth in his way. So there is our that would be the delight would only come when your way matches his way because then your way will be delight him and then you will be delighting in his way. And whether you're the the his here or the his there, there's going to be a delight there. There's going to be a satisfaction. So, it's when our way matches his way. When there's some sort of there's an alignment of aims, uh we there's a way for you to begin to think about this. There's times when we can say that uh well, where do you want to go eat? And one thing we learned about my dad uh growing up is when he said, "Where do we want to go eat?" And we could say, "Well, uh I don't know. Where can we go eat?" And if he said, "Uh, Masio's we could always go to Mazios. It's a pizza place. I don't know if they have them here, but if they had them here, foli. But that there was he would say, "I don't know. It doesn't matter. I don't care. Maybe masio." Like, "Okay, yeah, well, what about, you know, lubies or what about furs?" And I don't know. I mean, it doesn't matter. Masio would be good. And and you'd realize after a while, it doesn't really matter, does it? You got Masio's on repeat there. Do you stutter, Dad? What's going on? And you'd know that's what he wanted. And so no matter what everyone else wants, whenever you could all begin to agree that this is our aim and that where we're going, this may not have been what I wanted at first, but this is my aim and this is where we're going. Then that's when there's a there's a an alignment of aims. And and I thought about it that way because there's times when maybe we know what the right thing is to do and in our gut or not necessarily our gut, but there's something in our spirits that's kind of reluctant, doesn't necessarily feel really open to do it, but in your gut and in your heart, you know it's right. And so you might be one of those people that's really technical. Well, um do you do you want to do that? Well, I don't want to do it, but if you want me to do it, I'll do it. Okay? Uh and and so there's this idea where we could be uh acknowledged that there's something in my heart that's not fully accepting, but yet I choose this aim. I'm going to choose this path. This is the way I'm going to go. And so there is a subjection then of even our own will to his will. And I and I think that's what is embodied in the order my steps in thy word. And then even the strong man if his steps aren't ordered by the Lord his efforts will fail. So we ask this question of what is God's will for me this year and [clears throat] if I could put it this way that there may be uh I'm sure people have prayed this prayer. This is one of those there's somebody here with back pain things. Uh but I'm sure there's people who've prayed, "Lord, what is your will for me? And what is your will in this coming year and and sincere believers have considered all the promises they made in the past or uh the the what things were like last year and what they are now coming into a new year." And so we could find ourselves just at this this kind of juncture, it's really easy to begin to say, well, you know, what is your will for me this year? And I tried this and I tried that. What what what's going to uh raise up and identify itself for your plan for me in this year? So, I know it's very very relevant, maybe real lowhanging fruit or just maybe something very obvious for the day. Uh, but I think it's important to consider it and instead of trying to immediately try to figure out the very very specific things that Lord, should I enroll in this college or should I take these this many credit hours? Uh, let's just kind of back up a little bit and say that when we ask ourselves, what is God's will for me this year? there's going to be a process of identifying. Uh this is I would say this instead of maybe getting into the identification. It's an invitation to identify it. It's asking the question not that you would immediately try to write out the answers, but that you'd begin to ponder it and think over it. Uh because there may be some who I've already alluded to that have already asked this question and there may be others who never ask that question. I got I kind of just go with how I feel and what opportunities present themselves. And we kind of have this idea, WELL, YOU KNOW, THE STEPS OF A GOOD MAN are order of the Lord. And and we use that TO JUST SAY, AH, YOU KNOW, WHATEVER HAPPENS, I'm just going to KIND OF GO ALONG WITH IT. And hey, it's all predestinating anyhow, right? And so, we just kind of take it as it comes. It's kind of a fatalist idea, but this is an ident invitation to identify God's will for our lives. And if you can be successful in identifying it, actually choose it. like there there's this conscious acceptance, this constant choice uh uh conscious choice and then in choosing submitting to it. Amen. Yielding to it. I think brother Loyal mentioned it at the end of his service the I surrender all the surrendering to it and then acting according to it. This is what we are embodying in uh this what is God's will for me this year. Now, I think that's a [clears throat] very good very good start. Now, if we could turn in our Bibles to Isaiah chapter 14 13- 14. Uh, since we're looking at, and we've used these phrases already, your will, your desire, we're looking at desire, we're looking at choice. Uh, my father-in-law, Brother John Martin, and I were having a conversation just fellowshipping on the things of God. And he he made a couple statements that um really thoughtprovoking about how Satan in the beginning uh it wasn't that just all of a sudden a a switch flipped in him and he became evil and he was able to deceive all these angels in heaven. It was it was something that was working in him. And we were just fellowshipping on the process of of that wickedness and how it may have worked in heaven. And I had been uh this is something that really stood out to me on that is I was just thinking about where do you get to that point when now you begin to speak these things and act according to these things. And at what point did he even begin to think I know God knows and he's not doing anything about it. And then he he he he took that to be a weakness and just that the whole thought process that Satan was going through. Now, in Isaiah 14 13-4, there's a lot here, but I'm just wanting to bring one real obvious suspect out of this, and it says, "For thou hast said in thine heart," so this is something real uh deep within him, "I will ascend into heaven. I will exalt my throne above the stars. I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation in the sides of the north." Here is this uh three very distinct things. And there's going to find there's five different affirmations of his own will over God's will. And in verse 14, I I kind of looked at it as him kind of going back over what this process is going to accomplish. Ascend into heaven, exalt my throne, then sit. I'm going to have this place. I will ascend above the heights of the clouds. I will be like the most high. And this is we see the phrase. We we recognize it in his heart. Now he says, I will ascend. I will exalt. I will sit. I will ascend above. I will be. This is an exaltation of his will or a very precise detailed uh identification of what he wants. And so if there was such a thing as a new year and there were New Year's resolutions and somehow we found uh Lucifer's book of dirty secrets, it would be like I will ascend to heaven. I will exalt my I mean he had a a bucket list of a to-do list of things that he was going to do in in the new year in in in his this time of life in this season. And in Lucifer's heart we know that God says I create behold I create evil uh and he uses it for uh his own to accomplish his own his own purpose. But in Lucifer, this is maybe something very uh I I don't want to say difficult, but it's almost uh enjoyable to wrestle with because it it's thoughtprovoking, but in Lucifer's heart, there was a selfish pride something somehow it's there something he's something he's acting to according to this selfish pride and ambition because he said it in his heart and then what did he do? He acted on it. An ambition that formed into this resolve. I will be like the most high. I will exalt my throne. I will sit. And so he has this selfish pride, this ambition that forms itself into these resolutions and into this resolve of what he's going to do. And so this is very obvious. The use of the phrase I will is expressing his intentions. It expresses his desires. And if if we could put it this way, he's making he's asserting what his expectations are in the future. as some may have said over the last uh 24 hours or 48 hours uh this year, I will a and you're projecting something and you're asserting something about what the future's going to hold. I I I will do this. I will accomplish this. I want to do this. And so the expression of will and even that word will, it's a faculty by which a person decides on and initiates action. So it's your will that you use to decide on something and it's your will that you use to act on something. So when Satan says I will, his will led him to a choice and therefore it is his will that led him to act upon those choices. A will is a deliberate desire or attention, a fixed desire or intention. And if we say self-will, it kind of speaks to the stubbornness of that desire. But a will is a thing that one desires or ordains. Is everybody kind of you feel like you're with me to this point? I I I had no intention of being lengthy, but I haven't preached all year. And so I really I've just got to get it. I got to get started. [snorts] And Ephesians 1 11 this will kind I want to use this to get us to thinking about what will is. Now to bring a contrast says in whom also speaking of uh um uh speaking of Christ and God in whom also we've obtained an inheritance being predestinated according to the purpose of him. So it's in Christ we've obtained the inheritance according to the purpose of him God who workketh all things after the counsel of his own will. That's a very broad phrase the counsel of his own will. Now we realize that God has a purpose. God has a plan. I I still remember and it's a a constant reminder to me. Brother Kai Kyrie Digs preached God is intentional. Such a beautiful uh really clear distinct way of reminding us that if God's going to allow something, he pro he has a reason for it. So God is intentional. And now God then has a counsel of his own will. He has a deliberate or fixed desire. He has a faculty by which he chooses something and then initiates action. So God, there's this council of his own will. So Satan said, "I will. I will. I will." So he had a will. He had a desire. But now God has a will. Now this is where this is where I feel like it begins to get REALLY DEEP. GOD ACTS COMPLET ENTIRELY independent of outside influence. So God is is acting now according to the counsel of his own will. And you could take that phrase to say that he's not informed by any other council. Maybe taking a little bit of liberty with that, but that HE'S NOT INFORMED BY OTHER PEOPLE'S IDEAS. THERE'S NO influencer there. UH THERE'S NOT ANOTHER angel saying that sounds like a good idea, God. But you know, me and the boys were thinking, right? There's not HE'S NOT UP THERE DECIDING in a democratic process. He acts and has a will that is completely and entirely uninfluenced and not instigated or touched or moved by outside influence. If I can say this technically he is the true only true free moral agent. That's I know it could get deep. We could have some lunch conversations but in a in a technical sense he would be the only true free moral agent. Right. As AW Pink said, I think it's in the book Attributes of God. Author Pink, he says, "God is subject to none, influenced by none, absolutely independent." God does as he pleases, only as he pleases, always as he pleases. I'll tweet that out if you want to have it. Have it exactly. I LIKE THAT. SUBJECT TO NONE, INFLUENCED BY NONE, absolutely independent. GOD DOES AS HE PLEASES. ONLY AS HE PLEASES, always as he pleases. Now this is this is a very large thought. God can act independent of everyone else. AND ONLY GOD can act and not be guilty of evil. But Lucifer's act according to his will uh was influenced by selfishness and pride. Therefore, the result of that choice is wickedness. The result of that is evil. And so there is a a will and and and drawing from the scriptural meaning of this and even just the actual meaning is when when one exercises their will, it's this deliberate it's it's control that's deliberately exercised. A and it is to do something or to actually restrain your own impulses. It takes will to do that. We call it willpower. SO YOU COULD HAVE SOME uncction to do something but you use willpower to say no don't do it. Uh you could there could be something that is needful and you have to KIND OF WILL YOURSELF INTO IT. YOU KIND OF HAVE TO uh uh use you know dig down deep and FIND SOMETHING TO ALLOW YOURSELF TO DO IT. This is what will is when we talk about will. This is what we're referring to. There may be other wills here or Williams or old will as we call them but we're talking about the word will to desire something to have a a a want. And it's this control THAT'S DELIBERATELY EXERCISED TO DO SOMETHING or not to do something. The Bible says in Acts 2:23, him being delivered by the determinate counsel and fornowledge of God. Speaking of Christ, notice this, Christ was delivered by the determinate counsel and fornowledge of God, ye have taken and by wicked hands have crucified and slain him. You have by your own determinate counsel and fornowledge of God. SO GOD HAS FORNOWLEDGE. He has a will that can act according to for his own fornowledge a and he has this he's completely influenced by his will by his own counsel and it was by his determinate counsel and fornowledge that he allowed Christ to be delivered up but notice those that did it had wicked hands you ask yourself and that's what Paul is wrestling with well how can the clay object [clears throat] and just say oh well you made me this way but it God who had this determinate counsel and fornowledge and then it's others who make their own choice to be on the wrong side of that and even that determined council speaks of a horizon something forwardlooking now in Genesis chapter 2 16 and 17 as we read it in the outset we see that Satan had a will God had a will in the very very beginning Satan had his own agenda will in heaven and now in the garden God is telling telling them that of the trees that grow fruit, every tree of the garden that growth from the ground, you may freely eat. So that's offering to him this freedom or this liberty to eat of these fruits. And then he says, "But of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it. Uh for the day that thou eatest thereof, thou shalt surely die." Now he is not speaking it in terms of an absolute prohibition in that he is unable to do it but he's saying you can but you shouldn't. So even in this God is giving Adam a choice and the access to take of this tree and it's not he says of that tree of knowledge of good and evil you can't even eat of it there. It's impossible. I've sealed it away. Uh you may want to but you won't be able to. He's saying you have the trees that you can eat of that are fruit. you. They're good to eat. You may freely eat of of your own free will, of your own choosing. And there's this other these other things. There's this other thing here that you'll be ABLE TO IF YOU WANT, but you when you do, there's a consequence. And this is where we see brother Ram touches on it quite a bit that God gives then in this scripture, God gives the man and the woman the freedom to choose. If we say this way, he gave them agency. They could choose. They just weren't programmed. they could make choices and the phrase free more agency we brother Brandham uses it quite often and we're free more agents placed on free moral agency and it's actually a very controversial subject and I find that when brother Brandham is using it he's not using it in a theological sense you know how the Christian scientist would use it or how a philosopher would use it because they get down they will break it down to what free means what moral means what agency means and they get into this they kind of get into real uh uh heady subjects on the matter and it is a very controversial subject but brother Brandham uses it to mean that we simp it simply means we have a choice to make or we are given an opportunity to choose and where this is balanced out and maybe this is my way of acknowledging the controversy because some people take free moral agency to mean that if I am free moral agent then I am free to choose what I believe is moral and choose and therefore that is what is right that I choose what is moral. I choose what is right. I choose what is good and therefore I having this type of autonomy. Uh then every man is right in his own eyes. And then the other side kicks back and says no, we are not free moral agents and therefore not being free moral agencies. How could God be a just God to condemn us if we're not even acting according and making choices? But we know according to the word and I'll amplify this here in a few uh in a few through a few scriptures. We have a choice. uh and when I say that I'm not necessarily identifying WHAT IT IS IN but in general there's choices that we are allowed to make but our choice however is never greater than God's sovereignty. So our choices we can make choices all day long but it's not going to undermine God's sovereignty. And so again just acknowledge there's a huge debate regarding free will but we want to just express every person has a will and a power to choose according to their desires on some level. Sure. And so you have man in the beginning placed upon this basis of freedom to choose given THE FREEDOM OF CHOICE. WHAT HAPPENED? They made the wrong choice. The wrong choice was made. They had the will and they acted upon it. And so you see God has a will and he has a desire in in in heaven. A and Satan had his own desire in heaven. Now in the very garden of Eden, we see that the will of Satan is now influencing the woman to choose this other tree to partake of it. And this was a choice that she made. She she fell through that choice. Now Jesus also expresses this and I think this is where uh it becomes very pronounced to us if there's this freedom to choose if God by determined counsel and fornowledge offered up his son as a sacrifice and these things were done according to the fornowledge of God. Yet we see Christ here in Matthew 26:39 says and Jesus is in the garden of Gethsemane praying. And he went a little further and fell on his face and prayed, saying, "Oh my father, if it be possible, let this cup pass from me." Now, what cup is he referring to? His crucifixion, his death, if we could just be very uh very succinct and general about it. And Jesus KNOWS THAT'S WHAT HE'S COMING INTO THE WORLD TO DO. He's prophesied, I'll resurrect in three days. He's prophesied that these things will happen. HE'S ALREADY TOLD HIM WHAT'S HE'S GOING TO BE DELIVERED. AND PETER'S ALREADY SAID, NO, I'LL GO WITH YOU EVEN TO TO DEATH. I MEAN, HE HE KNOWS what's happening, but yet we get some private insight into Jesus as he HAS THIS CONVERSATION WITH THE FATHER. IF IT'S POSSIBLE, let this pass from me. Right? IN OTHER WORDS, IF IF I CAN AVOID IT, I I KNOW THIS SEEMS TO BE SO CLEARLY AND IT'S BEEN PROPHESIED AND THIS IS WHAT YOU WANT AND this is what I came into the world to be and THIS IS WHAT MY WHOLE LIFE HAS BEEN FORESHADOWING. WHETHER FROM BEING BORN IN THE MANGER TO BEING BAPTIZED IN THE JORDAN, IT'S ALL BEEN POINTED TO THIS MOH MOMENT. BUT OH GOD, IF YOU COULD JUST IF I COULD BYPASS IT. In other words, Jesus saying, I don't really want to do this. If it was my will, I wouldn't have to die. So, he says, "Nevertheless, not as I will." Might have caught some of you are saying, "No, that's not what he's saying." Well, yeah. [laughter] Not as I will. What was his will? Let this cup pass. NOT AS I DESIRE. Not as I want. Not as what I would choose. Never this not as I will but as thou wilt. Can we just look at it on its face AND REALIZE THAT GOD had determined it, but Jesus still wrestles with his choice and his part in it? There's a grace to be uh ex exercised in this to realize that in this moment and in this time of there being uh uh him coming to the very purpose of his ministry, he expresses, "Oh, if I could somehow not do this, if if you let me have what I want, Lord, I I WOULD WANT A DIFFERENT WAY." BUT HE SAYS, "I HAVE A WILL. YOU HAVE A WILL. I don't want my will. Let your will be done." And and a few verses later, he revisits it and he says, "He went away again the second time and prayed saying, "Oh my father, IF THIS CUP MAY NOT PASS AWAY FROM me except I drink it, thy will be done." What a prayer. If it's not possible, I if your will cannot if this what you desire and what needs to happen cannot be accomplished except I go to this death, then let thy will be done. In fact, I say this, he demonstrates the best way to find God's perfect will when you're praying about something or when you're when when you're wanting to know, it's prayer. When you want to know, the best way to know God's will for your life is prayer. Amen. And when you're trying in a difficult matter, in a situation where it's not clear, the best thing you could do is pray. It's not necessarily I know there's a little bit of a uh a lot of emphasis placed on becoming neutral. But the the the best way is not necessarily getting neutral. The best way is praying. Amen. And even identifying your will and his will. That's good. And if I could put it this way, not being neutral. Right. Right. Because if there's a right way and a wrong way, which one of you are neutral? Let's just get real. I I can do this or I can do that. One's right, one's wrong. Like, nah, it doesn't matter to me. So, really, it doesn't matter. Like, you'll do the wrong one. Yeah. I mean, I'm neutral. I'm good. So, in one way, when we just begin to think about IT LOGICALLY, REALIZE, NO, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA. I I I don't really I'm not neutral. I'm acknowledging as Jesus did. Jesus acknowledged the wrestling. HE ACKNOWLEDGED A DIFFERENT DESIRE. HE'S POURING HIS HEART OUT. THIS IS HOW YOU can pray in difficult times and DIFFICULT DECISIONS TO FIND GOD'S WILL IS TO ACKNOWLEDGE, BE HONEST BEFORE THE LORD. ACKNOWLEDGE WHAT YOU'RE THINKING. ACKNOWLEDGE WHAT YOU'RE going through and he's acknowledging the the different desire, BUT ULTIMATELY HE YIELDS TO GOD'S will and he acts upon it. He he follows in it. He yields to it. So Jesus is showing that in A IN A TIME WHEN MAYBE YOU KNOW WHAT GOD'S WILL is that YOU CAN IDENTIFY IT'S NOT YOUR DESIRE, it's not your will, BUT YOU MUST make a CHOICE TO DO HIS WILL. And sometimes we find ourselves uh stuck in neutral because we find that this is what God wants me to do and I'm not going to do anything until I want to do it too. Right? Can anybody just be honest today? 2023, the year of honesty. And we're gonna BE HONEST WITH OURSELVES. YOU KNOW, THAT'S THAT'S PROBABLY EXACTLY HOW IT WORKS. I KNOW THIS is what HE WANTS DONE. I KNOW THIS IS THE RIGHT THING OR I know this is what I need to do. And maybe it's not even in terms of what God wants you to do. It might just be something that you know you need to do. This is your obligation. This is your duty. And you know what you should, but you don't really want to. SO, YOU'RE JUST SAYING UNTIL I WILL TO. UNTIL I WANT TO, I'm not going to do it. But I'm telling you what you need to do IS CHOOSE THAT THIS IS WHAT YOU'RE GOING TO DO BECAUSE YOU KNOW IT'S THE RIGHT THING. In Deuteronomy 30 19 he says, "I call heaven and earth record this day against you that I have set before you life and death, blessing and cursing. Therefore, choose life that both thou and thy seed may live." It's kind of hard to come to a conclusion that God does not allow a choice when he tells us, "I've set before you blessing and cursing, life and death." He says, "Choose life." Says in Joshua 24:15, "Choose you this day whom you'll serve." The gods on the other side of the flood or or the God of Israel, the God of Isaac and Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. Who who are you going to serve? There's a choice that is made. So I say we have a will and we have a choice and we we must not be fatalist when it comes to uh well just whatever happens happens and also there's we cannot abuse determinism. Well it's all laid out it's always going to happen. We have to realize that we have a choice. There's things that we have a choice in. we can choose and I I maybe we'll just have to visit this to a greater degree. But one of the things that becomes the reason why I could say this about God, he may be the only true free moral agent is he can act independent of outside influence. But we ourselves are it's impossible for us to to to say that we're acting completely free of any kind of suggestion uh genetics programming influence and and even in that we can't even call upon God unless he deals with our heart first. So when we look at our freedom to choose, we're not becoming greater and we're not the decider. President Bush would say we're not the decider, but we we have to choose. And what I WOULD LIKE TO POINT OUT AT LEAST TO THIS point is in Genesis chapter 2, in Matthew chapter 26, Deuteronomy 30, we could have gone into Joshua 24, the the choices THAT ARE SET BEFORE THEM. CHOOSE WHICH GODS you'll serve, the false gods or the true God. I HAVE PUT BEFORE YOU BLESSING AND CURSE. IF I GAVE YOU a choice today, behind curtain number one is blessing, behind curtain number two is cursing, uh, which one do you choose? I mean, except for maybe some troublemakers or some guys with a funny sense of humor, I we probably all say, "Give me the blessing. I CHOOSE THE BLESSING." SO, IF I COULD PUT IT THIS WAY, IN ONE SENSE, each one of THESE INSTANCES, THE CHOICE SEEMS VERY, very obvious. Sure. I would I would say so. It seems obvious. And in a lot of ways, I would say that God's will for us sometimes is obvious. But just to reinforce this that we've got to choose. We have to make a choice. Brother Brandon in the sermon, a man running from the presence of the Lord says, "And when you see then in this day now when the word of God has made these promises of things that we seen we see happening now," and I think that really identifies quite a bit taking place. Then we've got the responsibility to either face up to it or get away from it. That's good. You can't stay neutral. This is the idea of I I'm trying to I'm wanting us to to act and to move and not languish and kind of be stuck in neutral or kind of in the middle. H I don't know. I don't know. There's there needs to be something that compels us and moves us forward. And brother says you can't stay neutral. So, if we get it in our minds that I want to kind of get to this place of zen where my mind is just empty and everything's just blank and and I'm just an empty canvas and whatever whatever's painted and whatever happens is what's going to happen. No, WE'VE GOT TO GET OUT of that. And he says we have to recognize that God is doing the things that he promised he would do. And we all have a duty or a RESPONSIBILITY TO EITHER STEP UP TO IT, TAKE IT UH TAKE A HOLD OF IT. HE SAYS FACE UP TO IT OR GET AWAY FROM IT. YOU CAN'T STAY NEUTRAL, RIGHT? AND HE SAYS, "YOU'VE GOT TO DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT." SO GOD DOES [screaming] NOT UH THAT GOD THERE'S ALWAYS GOD ALL HIS WORD ALWAYS evokes a response. Amen. That that even in the description of him CASTING BREAD UPON THE WATER AND GOD'S WORD not coming back VOID THAT IF IT GOES FORTH, THERE'S GOT TO BE SOMETHING COME OUT OF IT. HE'S LOOKING FOR SOME RESPONSE. HE'S LOOKING FOR YOU TO DO SOMETHING to it. IT IT'S NEVER JUST SOMETHING THAT'S JUST IN ONE EAR AND OUT THE OTHER AND WE GO BACK TO LIVING OUR LIVES. THE WORD WHICH WE are hearing, the things that we're experiencing, THE TIME THAT WE'RE LIVING IN NOW, THERE'S THINGS THAT WE'VE GOT TO DO about the word that we are hearing. He says some move has got to be made. And then he makes this statement which I think we all are very familiar with. He says you can't come in that church door and go out the same person you come in. I mean, if we take that, if we really believe that in our heart, then if there was a way that we could kind of just take our temperature when we walked in and what does it read when we get out, right? If you were if you were lukewarm when you came in, he says you you're not going to walk out the same person. You're either further away or closer to God every time you come in or go out there. And and I think I think it's important to have that kind of mindset. That way you establish this expectation that as soon as I've come to church, I'm either better off when I leave. I'm e either going to be better off or worse off. And maybe some people have just accepted they're always worse off, so they don't come. Uh maybe some people don't like the better, right? The better off it makes them, so they don't come. But you either are further away or closer to God every time you come in or go out there. He says, "You've got a choice. You've got something. you've got something to do. Some move has got to be made. So, we've asked, we're asking the question, what is God's will for me this year? You will have a will and you can choose according to that will your your own control to do something, to exercise something, to do something. But then there's also God's will. And if your will and his will lines up, that's awesome, right? Then ch identify, choose, act, uh submit, go, go forward. Something a move has to be made. If your will, you know what you want, BUT YOU'RE NOT SURE WHAT HIS IS, THEN YOU WANT TO FIND HIS. AND IF YOU IDENTIFY HIS AND IT'S NOT QUITE YOURS, DON'T USE THIS PART AS AN EXCUSE TO NOT CHOOSE HIS. SUBMIT AND ACT. So now we could take this thought, what is God's will for me this year? And if we can identify that, then we know that's something that's positive. I can act on that regardless of how I feel. In Revelations 3:3, this was maybe a New Year's scripture that I thought of last week. Says, "Remember therefore how thou hast received and heard." And when he says, "How thou hast received and heard it." Really all-encompassing of this gospel that been preached to them. They received it with joy. They were glad when they heard it. They received it. And so they're to remember the gospel, the word they received that they'd heard and hold fast and repent. There's so much being lifted up in here. If therefore thou shalt not watch, I will come on thee as a thief, thou shalt not know what hour I will come upon thee. And it certainly has an image of judgment. So he's telling them in Revelations 3:3, remember. So this act of calling to mind, consider to remember, you're recalling something. It's kind of this act of looking back. And it's in remembering there to remember the word that they had received and then to give careful consideration of their current state. So it's not just oh you remember this but now it's like remember this and kind of follow the breadcrumbs to where they are now. So it's remember what you've received AND HEARD HOLD FAST TO THAT WHICH YOU'VE HEARD and received and if you're short in any way repent of it. Says if thou THEREFORE SHALT NOT WATCH. SO THIS WATCHING as this watching then I think calls back to that sentence TO WHERE THERE'S THIS process of always keeping in mind what you've HEARD AND RECEIVED HOLDING FAST to it and BEING QUICK TO LINE UP IF YOU DON'T MEASURE BECAUSE IF YOU'RE NOT WATCHING IF YOU'RE not auditing if you're not keeping track THEN THAT'S WHEN THE JUDGMENT comes and it made me think of THE CONCEPT OF A WATCH night service and this is something that is uh very traditional a lot of even denominations and uh in different circles and and had a prominence in in certain types of churches at one time. And the whole idea of a watch night service is to review the past year, confess any wrongs that have been made within the past year, and then there's this praying, this prayer and resolve to change in the coming year. And and that's what a watch night service is. A lot of times it's testimonies about what God has done. A and and there's this process of Lord, these great things you've done and these things that I didn't do or should have done and and things I did I shouldn't have done and Lord, forgive me. And now I resolve in this new year to see to do this and to do that. This is kind of the process that takes place even in watch night services. And and and and again there's that's that's just observation. I'm not trying to put it in one category or the other. I'm not trying to set before you blessing or cursing in that. And traditionally I even this day the yesterday and today the the 31st of December of 2022 and the first day of 2023. This is a moment when all people do this whether in a religious context or a Christian context or SOME OTHER RELIGIOUS CONTEXT or just even in a personal development context. Um and it's a good practice to look back. So it's kind of a um debriefing say well let's kind of go back over what happened this past year and we set a budget. Did we keep it? And we wanted to save this much money. Did we do it? I wanted to LOSE THIS MUCH WEIGHT. WHOA. I GAINED that much. Instructions were unclear. Um, and and there's just different THINGS YOU GO BACK AND LOOK AND YOU TRY TO FIGURE OUT AND and that's what everyone does. All right, show hands if you've done anything like this for the last 72 hours. I'm glad I got one person. Was that a stretch or was a hand raised? Hey, we've all we we do this. This is a traditional moment. Or maybe you all knew this is what I was going to preach on. We're not going to do anything for a week. [laughter] We're not going to think about the past. and I can think about the future to let our minds go blank and be an empty canvas. And I would say that if you haven't done it, you're really missing out on a great opportunity because the change of year provides the perfect dynamics for that kind of endeavor. And there's a lot of in successful corporate cultures and successful entities and businesses and organizations have these checkup points where they go back and they review what is done, what you know, this is what we said we would do. this was the process. This is what did we accomplish it? If not, why didn't we? Now, in these next 30 days, this next quarter, this next year, what do we need to change in order to meet these needs? It's it's it's something that's very good to do. It's good practices. And the change of year gives us that opportunity to stop and say, "All right, there's going to be a new year. I can look back on a 12-month cycle. I can begin to identify certain things and be entering into a new one." And it gives us a nice opportunity, a great day to weigh yourself and to determine how much weight you're going to lose or a great day to start certain things. And and and there's that's just what the time affords us. Now, this is very very cliche, but I hope that in the way that I've set it up to this point, you realize I'm dealing in a realm that's not just your typical let's make a resolution to love God more in this coming year. But I want to draw your attention to something called the doorway effect. Anybody familiar with the doorway effect? Uh oh, I should have brought the other notes. I can I can explain this to you very easily. The doorway effect. And all a bunch of you like, "Oh yeah, I remember." But it's forgetfulness when moving between rooms. You knew it before you walked in the door, but you forgot it. And so this so it's it's the phenomena and it's just the simple example of it. Sometimes we forget what we're doing and you know what we're looking for, what we were supposed to do when we enter a room. You get up out of bed. You walk into the pantry and you're like, "What am I doing in here? Where's the chocolatecovered cherries?" Right? You you you don't you forget why you're there. And they've observed this phenomen. We've all experienced it. And they call it the doorway effect that you you forget what your intention was. YOU FORGET WHY YOU'RE THERE. you you you what was I here for? What did I need to get? What was I supposed to do? AND ALL THAT HAS HAPPENED IS you were you were someplace said, "I need to go turn uh the boiling water off the the stove and you walk through a door and you get in the kitchen and you forget what you're there for." Anybody? AMEN. WE'RE THERE. YEAH. OH, GLORY. [laughter] And they and as they've studied this, they've done different studies. to kind of verify this and you all are at least anecdotal evidence that yeah, I know what you're talking about. They speculate that what happens is that when you're in one room and you form an intent and you want to go do something or you have something in your mind that walking through the doorway divides your memory that that that once you've walked through this doorway like whatever you were thinking about then now it kind of creates this other loop and your memory gets divided. So now you kind of get disconnected a little bit. And they even speculate that maybe what's happening is that your memory resets to make room for a new event. And so it's just some sort of process that our brain would engage in that you're in a room, you want to do something that but walking through into a new room in this new environment. Now your brain gets ready and your memor is getting ready for a new event to process information and maybe there's even some learned behavior and habits there that when you walk into this room, this is what you typically do. So there might be some shadows there. And again, this is there's a lot in this particular area. But this doorway effect then is described as passing through an entrance or through a doorway and then forgetting what your motive was, what your intent was, and what you're wanting to do because of the doorway. And I want to I AND SINCE WE ALL KNOW WHAT THAT IS, let's not let the doorway effect be triggered by entering into a new year. Amen. That by by entering into this this entering a new year and STEPPING OFF INTO ANOTHER CALENDAR, WE DO NOT WANT the to trigger the doorway effect ON WHAT WE'VE HEARD AND WHAT WE'VE RECEIVED BECAUSE REVELATION SAYS, "REMEMBER WHAT THOU HAST RECEIVED AND HEARD." I think maybe one of the things sometimes THAT WE DO TOO MUCH OF IS LOOKING BACK ON WHAT WE DON'T LIKE AND WHAT WE NEED TO CHANGE AND THEN SOMEHOW PROMISING WE'RE GOING TO CHANGE THINGS IN THE FUTURE. BUT THE BIBLE DOES DISTINCTLY TELL US TO REMEMBER THAT REAL WORD THAT you've received to bring it to MIND AND HOLD FAST TO IT AND REPENT IF YOU'RE NOT LINING UP WITH IT BECAUSE IF YOU'RE NOT WATCHING THAT THAT'S WHEN JUDGMENT COMES. And so we want to remember what we have received and HEARD TO NOT FORGET THEM BUT HOLD FAST TO THEM. YES. And this remembrance isn't the function of looking backwards, but even as it's said in the scripture, it's it's the idea of considering where you are now, like how you got there. You recognizing where you are. You ever been in a conversation and ended up somewhere like how did we get here? And you try to trace back to where you were so that you can get some context to where you are, right? Like wait, what are we doing here? Like when you walk through a doorway and you're like, why am I standing in the kitchen in front of a pot of boiling water? And you you work your way back to that moment to realize that's right. That's why I'm here where I am. Remembering is not just the function of looking backwards, but it's reinforcing what we know. It's remember it's here in the scripture. It's what we believe. Knowing what we remembering what we believe, reinforcing what we believe, identifying why God's put us where we are today, why you're here now. Yes. Because there's a lot of caution that Brother Brandham gives at this time. We make New Year's resolutions and turning pages. Brother Brandham says we just need to burn the whole book. He talks a lot about and it kind of ties into what brother Loyal was preaching on that we don't need more promises. We need new creatures in Christ. He says in the message shalom. I hope I hope you all took time to take in that service on Sunday. He says we're not going to have a rearview mirror affair. He says this theme several times in these services during this time of year. The rearview mirror only looks back and sees where you've been. So, he's not completely tearing the rearview mirror out off, but he's saying it's not just a rearview mirror affair. This is not the main thing. He says we're looking forward to see where we're going. So, what I'm what I'm wanting to express to you today, and I feel like I'm running out of time in doing it, is I'm not when I ask what is God's will for me this year, I I'm not I'm not looking at traditional New Year's resolutions. But says, "And if God be with us, then where are all where is all the miracles?" He says, "Not for a New Year's resolution because we don't make them. Don't do no good. You break them." And all the church said, "Amen." He said, "I see my daddy throw the plug of tobacco away every New Year's night to watch where he throwed it so he could get it the next day." Ding. [snorts] Okay. Right. And he says, "That's about the way it goes. Let's not make resolutions. Let's ask for mercy and grace. Ask for God's mercy. Even in the resolve of even good things, you realize there's this there there's this negative side to it that too much resolving within yourself according to the things that you identify as what's important and what's needful becomes the I wills that when you make out when you make out your new new year's resolutions that even uh in a corporate resolution it says whereas whereas whereas and we hereby resolve and it's basically saying we will. This is what we're going to do. I will I will. And so there's just an inherent danger in that mode of thinking where this rearview mirror of Pharaoh looking back what's happened looking back what happened is bad but then you don't just make this let's look forward and I'm going to do this I'm going to do this he says let's ask for mercy and grace if if I could put it this way because there's so much brother Ram says in this area that YOU HAVE TO INVITE GOD into the picture or you have you want to get your eyes on what matters and what is the most important if we're going to consider what this year holds for us. Amen. Because I use the phrase the year in preview and you're all familiar with the the a year in review. You look back and they give you your year and that's this is the beauty of being signed up for all these different services is they tell you just how many bottles of water you bought in the past year and it's like congratulations, you bought the most uh water bottles in in in the local fries, right? because they know everything you've done and and they're going to Spotify is going to tell you who your favorite artist was and you're going to go back and you can look at everything and it's a year in review and all the news magazines and all the newspapers are giving you their their year in review and that's why I used a common New York Times font for my title this year the year in preview that this is something we would be reading and the year in review is we're looking back and we're reviewing what's been but a year in preview you there's there's certain things maybe say well there's you know the sun's going to come up tomorrow but even in that maybe there's probability that it won't and and there's certain things that they could try to say is going to happen but I think that when we ask ourselves what is God's will for me this year we can actually preview what God's will is when brother Brandham had the preview of a bride the bride comes through and then we says she shall come in preview again he's seeing what will be in preview again what will be this is the bride that is marching even right now ASCENDING UP INTO HIGHER STEPS. BROTHER BAM SAW THAT IN PREVIEW. WASN'T A REVIEW. It was a preview. AND I COULD I WANT TO SAY THIS. WE CAN KNOW GOD'S WILL IN THE COMING YEAR. You may say, "Wow, THAT'S A PRETTY BOLD STATEMENT." WELL, it's going to be really obvious once I COME TO IT. I MAY NOT KNOW SOME OF THE very nitty-gritty details in your lives and the things that you're weighing and things that YOU'RE DECIDING. AND WE ALL INDIVIDUALLY face tremendous decisions whether it be where we're going to live, whether or not we're moving, WHETHER WHAT JOB TO TAKE AND whe whether or not to put our kids in public school or whether or not to do this and that. THERE'S A LOT OF OTHER DECISIONS THAT WEIGH UPON US THAT ARE ARE TANTAMOUNT TO GOD'S WILL. BUT THERE ARE CERTAIN THINGS THAT WE CAN IDENTIFY IN HIS WORD THAT HE'S ALREADY ORDERED FOR US. And New Year's resolutions are fine. They're helpful. They're great. They're wonderful. But I believe that we could have something greater on the horizon than just even our just the the fitness of our bodies or the cleanliness of our homes or uh our finances alone. That there's a way that we can invite God into that entire process and that all these things are working together for that goal that we have a greater resolve in the church age book chapter 4. I I I almost want to just skip over this because I'm running out of time, but we'll just read it and so you can see that brother Brandham saying we can know the will of God. He says, I wonder if we're suff sufficiently impressed with the word in our midst. That's a common refrain here. And I love it. He says, "Let me give you a thought here. How do we pray? We pray in Jesus' name, don't we? Every prayer is in his name or there isn't any answer." Yet in 1 John 5:14, we're told, "This is the confidence that we have in him, that if we ask anything according to his will, he heareth us. And if we know that he hear us, whatever, what whosoever we ask, whatsoever we ask, we know that we have the petitions that we desired of him." Now, we ask, what is the will of God? There is only one way to know his will, and that is by the word of God. Lamentations 3:37, "Who is he that saith, and it cometh to pass when the Lord commandeth it not?" There it is. And I love this phrase. If it isn't in the word, you can't have it. So, we can't ask unless it's in the word. And we can't petition or ask unless it's in his name. Now, he makes the connection. There it is again. Jesus, the name is the word will. You can't separate God and the word. They are one. So, we can know his will. You say, "Well, brother, that's that's that's in a real general sense." Yeah. Okay. And then even in the general sense, there's very specific things. And I could say this, I guess this is what's been in my mind the whole time is I realize that with each one of you individually, there could even be a benefit of just sitting down and fellowshipping about where you're at, what you're going through, what you're experiencing, the decisions you have to make, the things you have in the future. And there's something to be gained by just sharing that with one another and hearing from another believer and and talking. And this is maybe one of the things I've done a lot as a pastor is uh it would if people come to me and they have a question, if I don't have a clear answer in the word of God and God hasn't spoken to me, I'm very careful to give an answer. And so we'll talk about it. I'll ask questions. We'll kind of work through it together and invite the Lord to be a part of the process. And there's something to be gained in that. And I think we could all sit down and in different areas of our lives that we're wrestling with decisions and choices. And we have set before us two different things. AND I DON'T know which one's the blessing. And I don't know which one's the cursing. I don't know which one's the right WAY BECAUSE THERE'S A LOT OF THINGS THAT GOD HASN'T just flip over to Galatians chapter 24 and it says, you know, Owen Donaldson, on your birthday, you should have chocolate cake instead of vanilla cake. It doesn't read, IT DOESN'T READ THAT WAY. SO, WE FIND OURSELVES SOMETIMES KIND OF CAUGHT IN I DON'T KNOW WHICH WAY TO GO. I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO. AND SO, I'M ACKNOWLEDGING THAT THERE'S SPECIFIC THINGS IN EACH ONE of your lives and scenarios that you're going through. Even I think about you not right now, Brother Joel, WHERE MAYBE SHIFT CHANGES. AND NOW YOU'RE IN YOUR HEART SAYING, "OH, I I I had a shift. I COULD ALWAYS BE IN CHURCH." AND NOW THE WORK IS SWITCHING THINGS OVER AND I AND I WANT TO DO THIS AND I WANT TO DO THAT AND AND I BELIEVE GOD GAVE ME THIS JOB. I'M NOT SURE WHAT TO DO. AND YOU GET IN A LITTLE BIT OF A PICKLE DURING A SEASON BECAUSE YOU'RE NOT NOT SURE WHICH WAY TO GO. AND WHEN I SAY UH THAT I know we can know what God's WILL IS FOR YOUR LIFE, I BELIEVE EVEN IN THOSE THINGS, GOD CAN ANSWER IT. BUT MY RESPONSIBILITY AS A PASTOR ISN'T TO TRY TO SORT ALL YOUR BUSINESS OUT, RIGHT? But what I do have a responsibility is is to point us to what this what what we're doing here, what matters, and the things that can help you figure it out. So many people want to go to the pastor and ask, you know, can I do this? Can I do that? Because they really just want the easy way out. And I remember preaching a ministers meeting overseas one time a and basically telling the just saying that if we could bring the people to a birth, we wouldn't have to be babying all the people and constantly telling them what to do. And I tell you, in two services, I had rubbed those Pentecostal kittens the wrong way. That was weird. Um, didn't know what I was getting myself into on some of the ideas that they had. But that's one of the things you realize is you want people to mature, make their own decisions, process things, experience things. And so you realize this makes what we're doing today so important because you're going to go live it and that's where it counts out there, not here. It counts out there. And that's why it makes this even more important. It's not what we're just doing everything out there to get here and this is like right and this is the this is the moment we've ALL BEEN WAITING FOR. CHURCH on Sunday morning. No, Monday morning's the moment we've all been waiting for. And I need TODAY TO ANSWER THE BELL. I NEED NOW THIS IS THE THIS IS WHAT THIS that makes this even more important when you get it in the proper order. AND SO WE CAN KNOW the will of God. Now on Wednesday night, brother Loyal ministered a thought. His title was I'm looking for a city and and I felt like in ministering that the subject I it was just such a good service for the end of the year as for some reflection uh for some honesty about where we are and especially really challenging uh to young people and to any one of us to be sure that we're not just going through the motions that we're connected with something real, there's something tangible. and he talked about the futility of New Year's resolutions and and looking back and making promises and I promise I'm going to do this, I'm promised to do that. I think you mentioned uh joining the you know a gym and things like that and he his title I just thought it was very profound at the end of the year he's he's preaching this thought I'm looking for a city and I know we mentioned it here before I can't remember if it was in um well I don't remember when it was but uh maybe been who's my neighbor I know it wasn't a New Year's time but we referred to in the Jewish despor when all the Jews had been scattered out and they would still gather together and they would celebrate cedar and the Passover and they would celebrate uh Yamukur and Rashashan and all these different fest they had these traditions and one of the Jewish New Year's traditions and they have multiple new years they got like four of them um but in in both in the at the conclusion of Cedar Cedar Knight and Yam Kapur they say every year because they were divided right they were cast out they would every year they'd say next year in Jerusalem because they were looking for a city and where they were they would say, "Next year when we do this, we're going to do it in Jerusalem." And then if they weren't there the next year, what do they do? Next year, new Jerus IN JERUSALEM. WHY? BECAUSE THEY HAD THIS PROMISE THAT THAT'S WHERE THEY WOULD BE. AND THEY NEVER LOST SIGHT OF IT. SO IT WAS PERFECT AS WE COME TO THIS NEW YEAR THAT WE WOULD BE REMINDED, OH GOD, LORD WILLING, NEXT YEAR, NEW JERUSALEM. THAT THIS WORLD IS NOT OUR HOME. THIS ISN'T OUR FINAL DESTINATION. I I JUST DON'T WANT THIS CYCLE TO ALWAYS BE REPEATING ITSELF. BUT NEXT YEAR IN NEW JERUSALEM, and I was studying the the concept even deeper on the Jewish New Year's and IT AND IT DAWNED ON ME THEY THEY HAD THESE MULTIPLE INSTANCES. They had a new year for uh certain feast and for animals and different different junctures and times. But in each feast there was this component and and I would SAY THAT EVEN GOD ESTABLISHED WITH RESPECT TO THEIR NEW YEARS AND THAT most prominent would be the the actual new year and then a civil new year. The religious one to the religious year and then also a CIVIL YEAR THAT GOD ESTABLISHED THE CONCEPT OF A NEW year for a very specific purpose to ISRAEL THAT GOD WANTED IT WHEN HE ESTABLISHED IT IN THE EXODUS. HE SAYS TODAY WILL BE THE FIRST DAY FOR YOU. GOD WAS NOW WANTING TO DIVIDE THEM FROM THE PAST OF IN EGYPT and now begin in Exodus that he says this is going to be the first DAY OF THE MONTH FOR YOU. I'M A START IN A NEW CALENDAR. AND THEN GOD HAD THEM OBSERVE the new year for a reason. And in each one of these feast, and we're just kind of pointing to them, in each one of these feast, they had the function of feasting in a way that recalled what God had done. But then it always had this component of pointing to what God would do. Amen. So, it wasn't it wasn't just merely uh uh celebrating something past, but what happened in the past was acknowledged and it was it was used AS EVIDENCE THAT GOD WAS GOING TO DO what he ultimately promised he would do. It would point them to the Messiah. Amen. And I found three different places in the Midrash and this is the rabbitic traditional writings and the translation may be a little bit different if you read it in the Hebrew but these are some of the sayings they would say on their new years. We hold this evening to remember the miracles and the kindness that God does for his nation. This is this is what the evening is about. They say in Nissan we were redeemed in the past and this was the beginning of the days the beginning of month in Exodus 12:13 there he says and in Nissan we are destined to be redeemed again. Isn't that beautiful? SO THERE IS AN ACKNOWLEDGEMENT THAT WE WERE REDEEMED. THIS IS THIS MARKS that we HAVE BEEN REDEEMED AT THIS MOMENT. AND THEY believe that ON THESE CERTAIN DAYS this is the day the earth was created. This was the day that uh uh Jacob wrestled with the angel. They got a lot of traditions that are attached to these days. They say in this day, in this time, we're redeemed in the past, AND WE'RE DESTINED TO BE REDEEMED AGAIN. AND LORD, I'M I'M THANKFUL FOR WHAT HE'S DONE, BUT I'M LOOKING FOR A CITY. AMEN. WHAT HE'S DONE TELLS ME THERE'S SOMETHING REAL. AND I KNOW IT'S MOVING ME into something real. It says, "We hold this evening to put everyone in the correct spiritual mindset." I loved how they say that. We hold THIS EVENING TO PUT EVERYONE IN THE CORRECT SPIRITUAL MINDSET. I'M HOLDING THIS SERVICE THIS MORNING TO PUT EVERYONE IN THE CORRECT SPIRITUAL MINDSET TO REALIZE WITH ALL THEIR MIGHT THAT THIS COULD BE THE MONTH OF THE MESSIAH'S REDEMPTION. AMEN. WHOA. WHAT A REMINDER THAT THEY SAID WE WANT TO WE'RE DOING THIS NOW. AND I DON'T KNOW HOW MUCH HAS BEEN LOST IN THE TRADITION OF THE ACTUAL FEAST AND THE ORDER AND THE EVENTS. OH, SHOULDN'T IT JUST RESONATE WITHIN THE HEART OF THOSE JEWS WHEN THEY CELEBRATE AND THEY WOULD SAY, "NEXT YEAR IN JERUSALEM." OR THEY WOULD SAY, "WE'RE DOING THIS NIGHT TO PUT US IN THE CORRECT SPIRITUAL MINDSET THAT THIS MONTH COULD BE THE MONTH OF MESSIAH'S REDEMPTION." I SAY, "IF THEY COULD DO THAT, HOW MUCH MORE OUGHT TO WE WHO ARE SUFFICIENTLY IMPRESSED WITH THIS WORD THAT IS IN OUR MIDST SAY TO OURSELVES, WHAT IS IT THAT HE HAS DONE? AND HAS IT PUT ME IN THE RIGHT MINDSET TO BELIEVE THAT GOD'S GOING TO DO WHAT HE PROMISED TO DO?" AMEN. AMEN. And that sermon, I'm looking for a city. Brother Loyal was talking about connecting with something real and not just living not just a just the vanity of trying to live a better life and do this and do that, but having something real behind it all. Not just the vanity of of self and self-preservation, self- betterment. He he referred to it's not just knowing what's right and wrong. And it's not just about being pretty good people. They even use the phrase, it's not just a better way of living. And a part of all that is whatever you do, don't don't think more of brother Aaron than you should. And that shouldn't be too hard. And it begged the question because I think this is and again I I fell with brother Loyal on it beforehand and I'm I'm trying to pay him compliments in this. This is and there's if there was a needle if he brought it to a point to the needle, I'm not trying to move it at all. I'm just I'm just laying down another line on this because it was very good to ask ourselves well how much of this is just kind of the traditional what we know what we've been taught what we do kind of going through the motions or is there really something behind it h have we crossed a threshold where I know I know I'm connected to something very real something deep I'm convinced of this I know it's not just a better way to live I know this isn't just the best brand of Christianity that this is something eternal this is something as these Jews were so entrenched this was identity if we could have some sort of identity in Christ and knowing that there's a future that he's bringing us to. We've got to have that. Amen. And so it was the way that it really came back to me with this force and I'm taking so much time to go back over this is we have this caution even with brother Bram saying, "Well, you we don't just want to have a rearview mirror affair to look back and say change this and change that." We don't make New Year's resolutions. And there's this cautious caution then of not just want to live a better life. I want to try this. I want to try that. So then what's what's what's different when WE'RE TRYING TO FIND THE WILL of God and do what's right. It's because we're connected to something real, seeking something different. And so when I say, "What does the uh maybe the question would be, what does the year in preview then mean to the believer? What is God's will for me this year? What is God's will for me this year? We're we're asking this. I I feel like I've got more time this morning. And so we we're just almost done here. And now I feel like this is really this is a real clumsy corner. But think of it think of this in the sermon power of transformation. Now that we have been saved as we are. There we go. Now that we have been saved as we are and that we've been filled with the Holy Ghost as we have, now we want the mind that was in Christ to be in us. Now, and maybe let's just let let's just go back to this here. I mean, think about this. There's a we're saved as we are, filled the Holy Ghost as we have there. Now, it's like, SO IF WE CAN SAY THAT THAT we have something real, we can say that we're connected to the eternity, that I I COME FROM GOD, I'M GOING TO GOD, AND WE KIND OF WE'RE IN THAT THAT CHANNEL THAT CHRIST WAS IN. AND WE'RE CERTAIN OF THAT. WE'RE FILLED WITH THE HOLY GHOST. HE THEN TAKES IT A STEP FURTHER. SAYS, NOW WE WANT THE MIND THAT WAS IN CHRIST TO BE IN US. SO, THIS IS A process that begins to unfold. IF YOU'RE FILLED WITH THE HOLY GHOST, I REALIZE I'M IN THE PROCESS OF THE MIND OF CHRIST DEVELOPING INTO ITS PERFECT PICTURE. He says that we MIGHT BE TRANSFORMED FROM THE NATURAL THINGS OF LIFE, ALL THE CARNAL THINGS, ALL THE NATURAL THINGS, AND BE BROUGHT IN TO DO, THIS is a phrase I really want you TO ZERO IN ON, TO DO THE PERFECT THE PERFECT WILL OF GOD. THIS IS WHAT WE WANT FOR OUR LIVES NOW THAT WE'VE BEEN SAVED AS WE HAVE AND BEEN FILLED WITH THE HOLY GHOST AS WE HAVE. WE'RE NOT PUT ON A SHELF JUST WAITING FOR THE NEXT GUY TO HURRY UP AND GET SAVED AND FILLED the Holy Ghost. so we can all get out of here. NO, YOU ARE NOW IN THE PROCESS OF DEVELOPING THE MIND OF CHRIST SO THAT YOU CAN BE TRANSFORMED FROM NATURAL things to do the perfect WILL OF GOD. NOW IS WHEN IT REALLY COUNTS. NOW IS WHEN EVERYTHING YOU WERE DOING BEFORE IS NO LONGER TRADITION. NOW IS WHEN IT'S NOT JUST A BETTER WAY OF LIFE. NOW IT IS LIVING THE LIFE. NOW YOU'RE ACTUALLY SEEKING A CITY. AMEN. NOW YOU CAN BE PUT IN THE CORRECT SPIRITUAL MINDSET TO BE THINKING ABOUT REDEMPTION. AMEN. So he says we need to be brought in to do the perfect will of God by transformation of God's spirit by his word. So there's this the way I the way I was thinking about it is then if we don't want to make the mistake of just putting together a to-do list and then just trying our best to do it and and not have the Holy Ghost and just do it by tradition. Then what do we do when we have it? Is there is there is there any determination made or is there any choice? Is there any uncction? Is there any desire? Is there any ambition? Or is it just like I just kind of take it as it comes? And if I could say this, as we're trying to close, I I uh well, this will be multiple parts. We'll just pull some of this into multiple parts. I said there's no doubt there's things that we could change. Uh there's no doubt each one of us, there's things we should change. There's things we should start. There's things that we should stop at this time, at this juncture. There's a lot of things that maybe we could start doing that are better practices financially, uh better practices nutritionally, uh better practices in our relationship. We can make promises to do certain things and all those things are great and needful. But I say separate from that and even more importantly, we need to remember to remember what we have. Amen. Remember what we've received. Remember what we know from a from a spiritual context. And I believe that there's very there are very specific things that we can identify as God's will for us this year. Very specific things. Okay. Well, here's the moment. Brother Aaron's going to tell me to get a new job. I can't speak to those things, but by God's grace, I can give you the tools to navigate it and we can or encourage your experience in God through the preaching of the word of God and grow. You just mature in the word and mature in the word. That would be our desire for you. But I can since we're here and this is our church, I can be very specific about what God's will is for us as a church and said, "What is God's will for me this year?" I can give you I can tell you and and and I know this may seem like a total here at the end for a moment, but I think I I feel just to go ahead and express this and I'll amplify it in some future services. It's going to be very very easy. I can tell you there are three things that are God's will for you this year at a minimum. All right? And you guys have started out really good. You've started out great. But these are three three things that you can do. And I'm not going to amplify them all uh uh right now, but I can support them all in the word of God. Amen. And sometimes there's, and I'm not saying we do this consciously, nor are we doing it ignorantly where this is some sort of, oo, I can't believe you make that mistake, but we're just not really conscious that going to church is fulfilling God's will. You are actively putting yourself in position to harmonize your aims to where NOW YOU SAY, "OH, I THERE'S CHURCH WEDNESDAY NIGHT. WELL, THERE'S THIS, THERE'S THIS, there's this, THERE'S THIS." YOU KNOW, BUT IT'S GOD'S WILL FOR ME. I'M GOING TO MAKE THIS DECISION TO GO. AND YOU'RE ACTUALLY MAKING GOD'S DESIRE FOR YOU AND GOD'S WORD FOR YOU YOUR AIM. AMEN. AND AND SO you can you can do this. THIS IS SOMETHING YOU CAN SAY. DON'T FORGET IN DOING THESE THINGS, YOU'RE DOING GOD'S WILL for your life. Amen. WE'RE OVER HERE PULLING OUR HAIR OUT. OH, DOES HE WANT ME TO SELL ALL MY STOCKS? DOES HE WANT ME TO DO THIS? DOES HE WANT ME TO DO THAT? DOES IS THIS THE GIRL I SHOULD MARRY? IS THIS WHAT I SHOULD DO? IS THIS WHAT I SHOULD DO? AND GOD'S OVER HERE SAYING, "WELL, YOU'RE NOT EVEN DOING WHAT'S IN BLACK AND WHITE. How are you going TO GET IT RIGHT IF I TELL YOU WHAT'S NEXT? SO YOU GUYS ARE all good this morning. You're here. Perfect attendance this year. And another thing we COULD SUBSTANTIATE BY SCRIPTURE AND PROVE that is God's will for you is contribute your tithing and your offerings. And I would like to maybe get into more specifics on these things in [clears throat] the future services just so you can understand from the church standpoint where where these things are important. But this is something that you can do and it's the will of God. Clearly, it's the will of God. And the the third thing is you can support missions. Now, in any each one of these in these three things, AND I I EVEN FEEL IN MY HEART THAT IT IT MIGHT BE IT MIGHT BE THAT AT THE opening of every service, we remind ourselves of these things that we want that we can attend church, contribute, and support that through our attendance, through our contributions, and our support. THIS IS SOMETHING that we do. THIS IS WHY GOD'S BROUGHT YOU TOGETHER. YOU realize that THAT GOD HAS BROUGHT YOU TOGETHER AS A FAMILY, AS IN A CHURCH TO DO GREAT THINGS. And and IF WE ALL JUST HAVE OUR NAME IN A IN A DIRECTORY AND WE'RE ALL NOT ALL GATHERED TOGETHER, I MEAN, YOU MIGHT AS WELL JUST CONSIDER YOURSELF PART OF AN ALUMNI ASSOCIATION and just paying dues and never getting any of the benefits. You're never showing up for the free lunches. You're never showing UP FOR THE TAILGATES. You're never you're never getting THE NICE FANCY MUG. YOU'RE JUST PAYING DUES AND YOU'RE JUST ON A ROLL. BUT THAT'S NOT WHY WE'RE HERE. AMEN. WE'RE NOT JUST CHECKING THE BOX. OH, WELL, DID YOU ATTEND CHURCH? ARE YOU THERE? I tell people all the time, we're not here to take attendance. And so, there's no um at least not in OUR HOME THAT I KNOW OF. There's no uh role book, you know, where we go home, you're like, well, you know, look at this family. They really that's four stars in a row. You honey, break out the Chick-fil-A card. Somebody's about to get it. Uh, we don't take attendance. WE DON'T DO IT. BUT I'LL TELL YOU THIS. I ABSOLUTELY love it when people tell me they're not going to be here. You know why? We always notice. Sister Elizabeth always know. When we leave, we can tell you to the person who's not there without even having to think about it. Why? Because that's how we feel about you. It's the same way. Did anybody know I wasn't here Wednesday night? [laughter] Right? Never looked so young, never sang so good. I wasn't here Wednesday night and you all noticed. Why? Because that's the way you feel about me. You recognize my place and he's the pastor. He's the one that's here. He's the one that preaches. And when I'm gone and you notice that's the way I feel about you. And so my pain is amplified. You know, over a hundfold because there's just one guy. When I'm gone, you know, all of you miss me. But when just one of four, many of you are gone. We we find where were they? Is everything okay? And then we do that terrible balancing act of do we reach out and ask if everything's okay because you don't want it to sound like well we wanted to know whether or not this was an excused absence um because you know that last doctor's note you gave yeah it was fake right we're not doing it we just want how can we help what can we do these are things that you can do through your attendance and I and if the Lord would lead me to do it I could I want to bring it out through the scripture so you can see through the messenger there so you can see yes this isn't about church it isn't about people and personalities. IT'S ABOUT FULFILLING GOD'S WILL FOR our lives. You can do this by attending church, CONTRIBUTING AND SUPPORTING MISSIONS. THIS IS GOD'S WILL FOR US. I FEEL THAT I COULD SAY IT'S THUS SAYITH THE LORD FOR US AS ARIZONA BELIEVERS CHURCH AND THOSE WHO CONSIDER THEMSELVES to be a PART OF THIS THAT THIS IS SOMETHING THAT IS GOD'S WILL FOR US AND THAT THESE ARE THINGS THAT WE COULD STRIVE TO DO consistently and in doing so please the Lord. And I would say in each one of these, it comes down to a choice. It's a choice. And these are these are instances where God by his grace has given us things that we can choose to do. And even when it's not doesn't feel good and even when it may not be the best opportunity, even when it seems as everything's working against us, we can make that choice to do these things to do the right thing. And in doing it, God will bless us. It puts us in that delight and that satisfaction because there's other things in our lives you say, "Well, then the real nitty-gritty about God's perfect will for us and and I need this and I need that." You can't expect God to act absent your choice, right? Even in the in the sense that well, this is maybe I can I can say this personally. I don't like to inject myself personally, but my prayers and please help me out here. I don't want to be the only guy. I'm I pray and I'm asking God to help me. Lord, help me not to eat a whole box of donuts today when I get home, right? Lord, help me to not, you know, drink high fructose corn syrup raw. You know, yeah, there's things that you ask for help and God's saying, "Well, how you know, like you you got to do something, Aaron. I mean, how about not guzzle, you know, put it to your lips, you know, do something here." And and I realize there's a lot of things we're asking God to help, but you know, maybe we need to choose. Maybe we need to make A DELIBERATE AND DECLARE OUR INTENTION AND AND AND SAY NO AND TO MAKE DECISIONS AND TO DO IT TO SHOW GOD THIS IS THIS IS WHAT'S IN MY HEART. THIS IS WHAT I MEAN. I DON'T KNOW WHY I'M THINKING ABOUT THIS, BUT BROTHER LUCAS, YOU MAY REMEMBER decades ago praying about something. There was something HE WAS DESIRING. AND I JUST REMEMBER WE WERE uh we were I think we were just texting over some ancient uh RELAY CHAT PROGRAM AND AND I SAID, "LUCAS, YOU GOT TO SHOW GOD YOU MEAN BUSINESS. DO SOMETHING RADICAL. GET A HAIRCUT." WHATEVER IT WAS AT THE TIME. I WAS SAYING, "YOU GOT TO DO SOMETHING TO SHOW GOD YOU'RE choosing his will. THIS IS WHAT YOU WANT. THIS IS WHAT YOU DESIRE." DON'T JUST SIT THERE AND SAY, "OH, GOD, HELP ME GET OUT OF BED. How about swinging your legs over the edge?" Right? DO SOMETHING TO SHOW GOD. START WIGGLING YOUR TOES. SHOW GOD, "GOD, I MEAN BUSINESS. THIS IS SOMETHING I WANT. IT MAY NOT BE WHAT I'M FEELING. IT MAY NOT BE WHAT EXACTLY UH WHAT I WHAT I WANT, BUT I SEE IN YOUR WORD OF GOD, THIS IS WHAT YOU WANT OF ME, AND I WANT TO CHOOSE IT. I WANT TO CHOOSE IT. I WANT TO CHOOSE IT. Brother Brandham says this in the sermon, the marriage of the lamb. HE SAYS, GOD COULD NOT PUSH us through a little pipe and pull us out on the other end and then say, "Blessed is he that overcomemeth." He couldn't do it. WE WE ARE NOT JUST ALL IN a tube. No. and we're just being pulled THROUGH IT. WE'RE NOT ALL ON ELON MUSK tunnel in Teslas or Teslas if you're listening closely, right? And just kind of I'm not doing anything, RIGHT? YOU GOT TO DO SOMETHING. GOD'S JUST NOT NAVIGATING YOU THROUGH A PIPE. HE'S NOT JUST PULLING YOU THROUGH A PIPE AND THEN SAYING, "BLESSED IS HE THAT OVERCOMEMETH. OH, YOU DID SO GOOD." WELL, IT WAS JUST SO EASY. I just like it's like you know when you go to the bank and you put your deposit in that's all he did THAT'S NOT WHAT GOD'S DOING. HE SAYS HE SAYS THAT YOU'VE GOT UH HE SAYS YOU HAD NOTHING TO OVERCOME. HE JUST PUSHED YOU THROUGH. HOW OFTEN ARE OUR PRAYERS GOD PUSH ME GOD PUSH ME GOD PUSH ME. AND HE'S SAYING BUT YOU'VE GOT TO MAKE DECISIONS YOURSELF. AMEN. HE SAYS I have to make decisions for myself. IN DOING THAT, WE SHOW OUR FAITH and respects to God. This is WHERE WE CAN SHOW OUR FAITH AND RESPECTS TO GOD IN BY MAKING THE CHOICES. HE SAYS, "GOD CAN'T JUST PULL US THROUGH A PIPE, PUSH US OUT ON THE OTHER END, AND SAY, "BLESSED IS HE THAT OVERCOMEMETH." AND I'M GOING TO SAY THIS, IT MIGHT SEEM TO BE, "WELL, THAT I NEVER THOUGHT THAT WOULD BE AN OVERCOMING. I NEVER THOUGHT THAT THAT WOULD AMOUNT TO ME OVERCOMING." BUT DO YOU REALIZE YOU OVERCOME BY ATTENDING CHURCH? YOU OVERCOME BY CONTRIBUTING CONSISTENTLY. YOU OVERCOME BY SUPPORTING MISSIONS BECAUSE WE'RE LIVING IN A TIME WHEN THOSE THE VALUES OF THOSE THINGS IS LOST. WE'RE LIVING IN A TIME WHERE EVERYTHING IS SET AGAINST US TO TRY TO KEEP US AWAY FROM IT. AND THERE'S OVERCOMING IN DOING IT. AMEN. THERE'S victories in it. And in doing it, we show our faith and our respects to God. And I know it's not an easy choice in a lot of these things. It's something you got to fight for. I don't know if I should say it. It's It's Sunday morning, so I feel safe. Just saying it. I'm just not saying it is, but could it be that brother Ram talked about staying at home and watching television on Wednesday night? And how many of us are streaming on a TV? 2 Thessalonians 3:13. [laughter] These are the things I can say are God's will for your life. There's more. And actually, the way I feel in my heart to share it with you is these this is the minimum. And so this is your this is your entry level. And then we got a pro level, right? There there's there's there's a there's a there's an evolution to this. There's a maturing to this. This is the minimum we can do. And the Bible says, "Be not weary and welloing. that we ought not to lose heart in doing the right thing. That that there I if I could say it to you in this way that no matter how weak you feel, no matter how unable you might feel, no matter how distant the accomplishment may seem, that there will be provision to accomplish his will. Amen. That that if you're if YOU'RE WEARY, YOU'RE JUST LOOKING AT IT WRONG. YOU'RE DRAWING FROM THE WRONG SOURCE. YOU YOU'VE KIND OF STEPPED OUT OF THAT FLOW AND THAT THAT CHANNEL WHERE HE ENERGIZES BECAUSE WE OUGHT NOT TO BE WEARY AND WELLOING THAT WE SHOULD NOT LOSE HEART AND LOSE UNCCTION AND LOSE WILL TO DO THE RIGHT THING. OH GOD, NEVER LET IT BE WHERE WE'RE WEARY IN DOING THE MINIMUM THAT WE OUGHT TO BE DOING. But when we get a little bit discouraged and we find ourselves uh a little bit beat up, brother Brandham said there's there's a lengthier quote to this. I think we shared some of it in Christ my healer series, but he says he's talking about them on the road to Emmas and the sisters coming uh the tomb and he he uses these different examples of how discouraged they were in light of the recent events that had happened and he just makes the statement when you're discouraged that's when the devil can really pour it on you. See, this is this is where the danger is. When you begin to get weary, that's when the devil really pours it on you. And I think if there's one thing that's kind of plagued us, no pun intended, through the pandemic is there was there was momentum and there was discipline to certain things and the pandemic interrupted so much of it. And it's sad to say some people haven't quite recovered yet because the way that they they they lost they became weary in welloing. Maybe they weren't able to do and now it's harder to find the uncction, the discipline, the faithfulness in these things. But I want to encourage you don't lose the momentum. When we there's a lot of review even in these things. I realized as God was dealing with my heart, the reason why I came up with the year in preview is there was these are things that we emphasized a number of ways this past year in our family tree and talking about practice and these different ser sermons and series that we did was enforcing enforcing what God is wanting to do in our lives and how he can use this dynamic to see that you grow into mature sons and daughters of God and that we ought not to lose the consistency for these things and the heart to do these things. [sighs] in James chapter 4:7. We'll uh we'll read it to you and then we'll hold back some maybe some things because it's just there's a lot of depth here. Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil and he'll flee from you. You realize it's a two-part process for him to flee. First, you submit, then you resist. You must first choose God's will. You must submit to God's will. Resistance without submission is futile. You cannot pretend to resist the devil. You cannot literally resist the devil without submission and get him to flee. There there's no there's nothing there. There's no resistance that there's nothing to keep him away. And I I want to SAY THIS BY POINTING OUT THESE things that that we can do THAT HOW CAN WE OVERCOME? HOW CAN WE GROW? HOW CAN WE MATURE if we're not if we haven't recognize THE WILL OF GOD FOR US and then chose it? Chosen say this is what I WANT TO DO. THIS IS THIS IS MY CHOOSING. THIS IS THE PATH I WANT TO GO IN. OR HOW CAN WE DISREGARD WHAT IS THE OBVIOUS WILL FOR US AND THEN LOOK FOR OTHER THINGS TO TRANSPIRE. I just let me close with this script or this is my closing scripture hearkening back to Psalms 37:23. The steps of a good man are ordered by the Lord there. These are steps that are ordered. We may not know what we need to do on Monday, Tuesday, and all these other days. But you know what? By God's grace, if he puts you in the position where you can do it, you know what you can do on Sunday morning. You're right. There there's things that that relate to these other ways and other things we can do. But God has given you things that you can do to make contact with God to fulfill his word to obey to to do your part. The steps of a good manner or ordered by the Lord. Lord, order my steps in thy word. I want to close on going back to the doorway effect. I notice some people left so you may not remember this but the doorway effect we can be forgetful in transitions and what you lose sense of purpose. I'm I'm gonna go I'm gonna go take out the trash. You walk through a door. I'm gonna go eat a candy bar, right? You or things that we you know that happened to our family. You know, hey, go take this and put it in the refrigerator and you they walk through the doorway and it's in your car. You're like, why is the milk in my car? Right? The doorway effect. What am I doing here with a cafe thing of milk? Right? So, you just put it in the car. That's what that's what it is. That's what the doorway effect is. You lose sense of purpose and direction. Now, it was a it's not like there's been volumes and volumes of study in this, but we've all acknowledged that it's happened to us. So, there's something there. It's a phenomena. So, some of the early studies on it demonstrated over and over again the doorway effect, the doorway effect. So, it's kind of accepted as phenomena. Well, there was a follow-up study that was done that really wanted to examine the effect more closely and identified that the doorway effect can have limits. And one of the things I said, the doorway effect only occurs if we're cognitively in a vulnerable state. That it only happens if we're under pressure or distracted. If something divides our focus. And so this is where transition into new year. Let's not let the doorway effect get triggered by dividing our focus and by resolving either new things or just by doing a review and and we're going to try to pick up and finish the bucket list that didn't get finished in the past couple years or whatever, but by going back to what we know is certain, remembering what we've heard and we've received. And then I'm reminded of how when we begin to lose heart or get discouraged, that's when the devil can really pour it on us. And that's when the doorway effect is even more pronounced. when you're vulnerable state of mind, you're under pressure, you're tasked and the way that they studied it, they had people who were wearing headsets and they were asked to do certain tasks and they were told you're going to go through this, you have to be counting to something and doing this and doing that, but then we want you to place this on this and they had to do all these things. They found that that's why the doorway effect was so pronounced is because the people were vulnerable mentally. They had their minds kind of divided, a little bit distracted and this blew my mind. This was the conclusions by the the the professor at this university who headed up the study. You all listening? HERE'S THE BIG FINISH. If we are single-minded in what we want to do, nothing will stop us remembering. Amen. And I THOUGHT OF HOW CHRIST SAID, "IF A IF AN I BE SINGLE, then the whole body is full of light." But if there's a WAY THAT WE COULD UNITE TOGETHER AND HAVE A singular aim and that if I CAN ALIGN MY AIMS WITH HIS, HE SAYS, "IF WE'RE SINGLE-MINDED IN WHAT WE WANT TO DO, NOTHING WILL STOP US REMEMBERING." HE SAYS, "BUT if we have multiple things going on, forgetfulness becomes noticeable." And this is what happens when we somehow allow our lives to be fragmented and we have, well, I have my I have all my sports stuff over here and my children's recreation here and I have all these hobbies and I have all this group and I have all this and everything just gets so and WE GET SO SPREAD OUT. We got so MANY THINGS WE GOT TO DO. I got to do THIS AND I GOT TO do that and one for every kid and everything's and YOU GET SO SPREAD OUT AND REALLY WHAT WE NEED TO REALIZE IS FIND A WAY TO TAKE EVERYTHING THAT'S IN OUR LIVES AND PLACE IT under the umbrella of God's word and say I'm placed here for a purpose and at the end of the day I'm OF A SINGULAR MINDSET. I WANT TO BE BROUGHT in to do GOD'S PERFECT WILL AND I got to do this this this this and this. But all of it's going to work to WHERE I AM BROUGHT IN TO DO GOD'S PERFECT WILL. AND REMEMBER THAT WE HAVE A SINGULAR CALLING AND WE HAVE A SINGULAR OBJECTIVE AND THAT'LL KEEP US FROM FORGETTING. And I believe that we ought to even as a church unite in a singular purpose. There there's a lot of things that we can't unite around. Uh we we can't all geek out on data, right? We can't all geek out on programming. We can't all geek out on hunting. All right. There's a lot of things maybe we just, you know, we don't we don't get along or we don't identify in a lot of different areas and recreational pursuits, but there's a lot of things we can get along on. A lot of things we can harmonize in. There's a lot of things we can get on board. There's a lot of things we can be singular in our pursuit of. And there's things that at a minimum we can all be doing. Brother Ram said it in the message shalom. We're not going to have a rearview mirror affair. The rearview mirror only looks back and sees where you've been. We are looking forward to see where we are going. That which is in the past, Paul said, forgetting those things which are in the past, I press toward the mark of the high calling in Christ. And to me, I think this is such a perfect New Year's prayer for us. And that's what we want to do. A man, we can look back 15 16 years ago. 16 years ago this past year that we move first moved to Phoenix, Elizabeth and I. When I come to Phoenix the first time, glory finding yourself in the word. There has been many things happened since then, good and bad. That all goes to the judgment in the hands of God. But what I'm looking forward now is what I will do in this coming year towards in betterment the kingdom to make better to lift up the value of to there's a way betterment can be used in a lot of different ways, but the this in betterment actually I don't think is even a word. But you get what he's saying, right? Like even if he just made up a word, we got what he's saying. Like how can I how can I fight for the kingdom of God? How can I support the kingdom of God? How can I make how can I uh uh take whatever it to the end of and to the endowment OF AND THE FULFILLMENT OF A AND TO better the kingdom to FURTHER THE KINGDOM TO ADVANCE THE KINGDOM DOING MORE ALL THAT I CAN DO FOR the kingdom of God. This I believe can be our prayers for 2023 that we can have a year in preview where we CAN DETERMINE IN OUR HEARTS WHAT'S THIS YEAR GOING TO HOLD FOR US. THERE'S CERTAIN THINGS CERTAIN TRUTHS WE CAN HOLD SELF-EVIDENT. WE SAY THIS IS GOD'S WILL FOR ME. THESE ARE THE THINGS THAT I WILL NOT LET SLIP. THIS IS WHAT I CAN AT LEAST BEGIN TO DO AT THE OUTSET THAT'S GOING TO FURTHER MY UNDERSTANDING OF WHAT GOD WOULD WANT ME TO do for the kingdom of God. Let's pray together. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we are sitting in your presence this afternoon and and these things echoing in our hearts, Lord, I acknowledge that as a pastor, I've taken liberty uh to preach very lengthy with the people. Lord, if it has been insensitive with such a long week and a New Year's last night, forgive me. But I but I can say that the faces of the people and their bodies and their attentiveness is in no way expressed a weariness or a tiredness or slumping. Lord, even to this very moment, there is such a dynamic pool in the people's hearts because I believe that I speak to a very mature group who are who are not just entry- levelvel believers who are not just walking in the first steps, but Lord, they want to be brought in to do the perfect will of God. And Lord, where we might be desiring to advance further and have greater knowledge and understanding and come to that that ideal of adoption that that we have in our minds. Lord, we cannot achieve your will in this hour by letting loose of your will of all hours. LORD, WE CANNOT ACCOMPLISH YOUR WILL OF PERFECTION. IF WE ARE NOT ACCOMPLISHING YOUR WILL OF JUSTIFICATION and sanctification, LORD, WE CANNOT ACCOMPLISH YOUR WILL OF TRANSLATION AND A FULL REDEMPTION. IF WE'RE NOT WALKING IN ALL STEPS AND PHASES OF your word. So I pray, Lord, that you would help us as a congregation. Lord, I know that it's very it's I'm speaking to people. And I I don't say it just tongue and cheek or comedically, Lord. Who have perfect attendance this year, who have already given this year, who have already given to missions, who are are walking in each one of these things. LORD, I I PREACH THIS AND I EXPRESS THIS IN PRAYER, MY HEART BEING POURED OUT. MAY THEY FIND GREAT COURAGE IN KNOWING THEY'RE DOING THINGS THAT are pleasing you. LORD, MAY THEY FIND GREAT SATISFACTION IN KNOWING THAT ALTHOUGH THEY MAY NOT BE ABLE TO BE AT EVERY SERVICE AND CIRCUMSTANCES MAY KEEP THEM OUT OF THE HOUSE OF THE LORD AT CERTAIN INTERVALS, LORD, MAY THEY MAY THEY HAVE THIS SENSE THAT YOU KNOW WHAT THEIR CHOICE IS. YOU KNOW WHAT THEIR WILL IS. YOU KNOW WHAT THEIR DESIRE IS AND MAY YOU DELIGHT IN THEIR EFFORTS. MAY YOU DELIGHT IN THEIR ENTHUSIASM FOR YOUR WORD. MAY YOU DELIGHT IN THEIR DISCIPLINE. LORD, EVEN AT HOME IF THEY STREAM WHEN MOMENTS DO KEEP THEM OUT OF SERVICE. LORD, I PRAY THAT THERE'D BE SUCH AN ENCOURAGEMENT THAT THEY WOULD never weary in welloing. They would find a deep purpose in their hearts to continue to serve you with all that is in them. And Lord, if you would see fit to further impress upon us these things in the year in preview, Lord, may it be received as uh from you. And may the people derive encouragement from it. Give us a good year, Lord. Lord, I believe you have great things in store for us. And I and I'm I'm looking forward to your strength in this year, your power in this year, Lord, where we could climb up a little bit higher to see you in your program. Bless us, I pray. In the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
