################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-02-19 - Judgment and Rewards Part Five (Day of Reckoning) - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-02-19
Title:   Judgment and Rewards Part Five (Day of Reckoning)
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfiD7absHUo
========================================

Description:
Judgment and Rewards Part Five 
Day of Reckoning
Sunday Service: February 19, 2023
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
If you'd like to jot this title down, day of reckoning, so you keep in mind that we are looking at a particular day and a particular time on this subject of judgment and rewards. And I I say this at the outset as I've looked at this subject um there there's so much that's related to not because the Bible emphasizes it so often and there's a lot of a lot of deep teaching on the subject either whether it be in the message or the Bible. There's not a there's not one sermon spent on it by brother Brandham. There's not uh you know several instances or scriptures packed together that's unpacking what it means to uh stand before the judgment seat of Christ and what kind of rewards you're going to be receiving. But you'll find that it's in the Bible from the beginning to end. It's in the message. It's just little statements and references to this. And in certain places there's different terminologies and images used. And so I just want to say it at the outset that today I'm I'm just I feel in my heart just such liberty just to continue to uh maybe re-emphasize some things but in a way of just trying to uh help us to appreciate the fact that there are rewards that brother said too little time is spent on laboring for and that these are things that we ought to value and put more emphasis on. So that's really my heart's desire is to encourage you through this and share with you from the word of God um this principle that seems to be in so many different places and because it's there maybe we can uh be more diligent to pursue these eternal rewards that are available to us and then to also also be encouraged as we labor for Christ. And as we've already ministered on this subject for a few other services I do encourage um those who consider this their home church. I really encourage you to go back into um the archives and listen to the other services. I feel that it would give greater context if you've only heard one here or one there. If you only hear this one, um if I'm not going to force you uh to go back, I'm not going to look at the analytics. Go, hm, looks like Glendel's not streaming this week. Um but if you could go back and listen to it for your own good, especially if you have questions. I think the other sermons we've already ministered on it will kind of give the context if there's some questions because in just one service you might seem to be leaning a little heavy in one area and I want to stay balanced in the word of God. Now in Romans chapter 14 10 and 12. I'd like to start here. We use this on Wednesday night. I look at verse 12. I want to keep verse 10 up there because I'm going to refer to it. Says, "So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God." On Wednesday night, we introduced two related concepts, very closely related words could actually maybe be used interchangeably in some instances, but the concepts were responsibility, which was our emphasis and title Wednesday night, and accountability. Accountability was my working title for this service. uh God dealt with me more a day of reckoning because I've been studying on the timing of judgment, the time of this judgment and it just seemed like the Lord kind of zeroed us in on this uh maybe to begin to look at the timing of everything but this responsibility and accountability and I think using these subjects and this is how God has dealt with me in this way. You look at something that's you see in the Bible from the beginning to end and you ask yourself where do you start? And what you don't want to do is just print out all the instances in the Bible where it says crowns or all the instances of rewards and just turn a page and read quote after quote and scripture after scripture because you just don't word search. You don't just look for uh like terminology. You really look for the inspiration of the word of God and God inspired these two particular principles to give context to the subject of judgment and rewards. It's kind of a way to approach it that we can start uh nailing down certain things in scripture. And so these eternal rewards are referenced um that are available to the believers. Brother Bam uses that phrase are a theme that's throughout scripture. And there's places where you hear it and you might think, "Oh, that pertains to this life." There's places where you hear it and you think, "Oh, that pertains to the gift of eternal life." And sometimes they aren't just related to this life. Sometimes they're not just related to eternal life, but there are the eternal rewards that God has promised the believer who serves him. And there's different references that are just it's just said uh even as the scripture says so every one of us shall give account of himself to God. It's just said as a matter of fact without any explanation as to what that might be. And so there are references and illusions to uh rewards and to the judgment for rewards is almost just foregone conclusions. Yep, there's rewards. Yep, there's crowns. Yep, there's going to be a time when we're judged uh even as believers to be examined for what our reward will be. And so there's a lot to unpack and today I want to I'm just going to continue on doing that. And so um I just again I think responsibility and accountability are means to look at the truth of rewards. And so Wednesday night we defined responsibility this way. The condition of being responsible or the fact that you are accountable or have to answer for something. And so as we read here in Matthew chapter 25, there was a responsibility given uh to these these servants and they were responsible for five talents. They were responsible for two talents. They were responsible for the one talent. And that means they had ownership of it and had stewardship over it. And therefore, this was their uh their responsibility. They were told that this is what they were responsible for. And so when Paul says, "So then every one of us," there verse 12, Romans chapter 14:12, and then I want to read verse 10. He says, "So then every one of us shall give account of himself to God." Because of verse 10. It's because of verse 10. He's saying that every one of us shall give account to God. And he says uh or or verse 10 is built on this principle of hey why do you judge your brother? Why do you set it not thy brother? Why do you despise your brother? Why do you uh resent your brother? Why do you judge your brother? Why do we have these attitudes of him who does this and those who think that's a sin you judge him and then those who do it look at the one who does it and despises them. Think about what he's talking about, right? There's some people who feel the liberty to do something and they go, "Oh, I can't believe you go to San Diego. Don't you know that place is going to sink?" Right? And they and they and they judge you and then the person that goes and looks at the person who won't go and they despise them, right? And they kind of both look at each other. He's saying, "HEY, DON'T YOU guys realize that you're going to have to answer for your attitude? You have to answer for the way you treat one another? You have to answer for all these uh ideas that you get about one another that aren't even word- based in those things." So, he's saying, "Hey, he's really kind of trying to drill down. You know, I just don't know why I picked San Diego, but it's just one of those things. Maybe Sister Julie, I know you guys are going to San Diego. I I'll just say it for your sake. It's just kind of it's what I do for brother Michael to keep him humble, and it's not hard." He says, "So why do you have these attitude towards one another? For we shall all stand before the bema, the judgment seat of Christ. Like if you realize that one day for all your little attitudes, all your little judgments, all your peculiar thoughts and those things that one day you'd have to answer for them, maybe you'd be a little bit more circumspect about them. And so Paul is saying it in such a way to really challenge the believer because the believer says, "Hey, I know I'm justified. Never did it in the first place. I know that my soul will not have to answer for sin on that day because it's been judged already and I have eternal life. And Paul is saying, if you ever thought for a moment that because your soul is justified, you still won't answer for the what you do in your flesh, think again. And all the believers were like, right, I thought I could sing justified, right? All the way to white throne judgment. But there's going to be a moment where you have to stand before the judgment seat of Christ to answer for these things. And so it says that we are going to be judged according to our responsibility. Whether or not we have faithfully discharged our duty, whether or not we've been faithful to not only the tenants of Christianity and to the nature and spirit of Christ, but the very specific things that God has asked us to do. So he says we must give account of himself, the individual. Every man must bear his own burden, what he's been laden with, what he's been tasked to carry, whatever his responsibility is. Uh there's things that a man will answer for within the family that the wife will not have to answer for, but she will have to answer for things herself. There's things in a church that the pastor answers for, the congregation won't, but there's things that the congregation will. And there's we all have different levels of accountability. But that's what it's being said is we have to answer or give explanation for our words and for our deeds. If I could put it this way, for our character. Amen. They have to answer and give reason. and and this logos this reasoning in the account of a judgment to explain or justify yourself before the bema the judgment seat of Christ. So accountability is defined this way. It means answerable. Literally liable to be called to account. Notice when you are when you are accountable that means at any moment you could be asked why did you do this? What were your reasons for doing it? You have to answer for this. You're the one that had the responsibility. Therefore, you're the one that's held accountable. And when a person has the responsibility, accountability means that if it doesn't get done, they're the ones that have to pay the price even if they had asked somebody else to do it because they're the one that is answerable for it. They're the ones that are accountable. So accountability is being liable to be called to account. It is being held responsible for whether if I could put it this way in the context I'm meaning it. We are going to be held responsible for whether we performed our duty and how we performed our duty. Right? It's not so much that it's just uh the the once we if we got it done, it didn't matter how we did it. No, it matters even to God how we do it. Matter of fact, as we'll touch on here in a moment, there's certain things we can do with the wrong motive and we haven't done it. It doesn't count. And so it is being responsible for whether we have done what we're asked to do or whether or how we fulfilled our responsibility. So it in looking at this word accountability uh there is going to be a moment that Paul is saying every one of us shall give account of himself. We shall all stand before the judgment seat of Christ. Paul just in his writing to them uh I don't I don't say casually but he just refers to something so definitively that maybe some of us would be like could you tell me a little bit more about what that is? Is that is that white throne or when is this? But he just says it as a matter of fact. And so he's referring to a moment of accountability. There is uh the time when you'll have to be answerable for your conduct. And if there isn't a moment of accountability, is there any real true responsibility? If if you can't be held at account for it, if it's I if I'm not responsible for filling my neighbor's gas tank or making sure they're charging their electric vehicle, uh you know, if I'm not responsible for it, I can't be held accountable for it. But if I'm given the responsibility but there's no accountability for it then it's easy just to like nah you know it'll charge itself right or they can get gas another time it's very easy when you know there's no accountability to not fulfill your responsibility so it becomes that inspiration for responsibility and so that's where I get my my title day of reckoning because there is it's our time to answer if I could put it that way your your day of answering our time of answer and it will be a time or a moment of accountability where our life's work even in its totality and even the specific instances that make up that body of work which is called our testimony which is reflective of our character there is going to be a day of reckoning right the sermon hear ye him brother Bram says and Christian you're going to be responsible before God after you accepted Christ as your savior for your life god is going to hold you accountable I thought the way that he worded it was so fitting because he says, "Christian, you're going to be responsible before God for your life after you've accepted him after you've received the Holy Spirit." He says, "You're going to be responsible for your life. God is going to hold you accountable." So, there has to be this moment of accountability, this day of reckoning when you will be held accountable. I I don't know if it needs to be said, but I'll say this that there's no question that the law of the harvest still applies within our daily lives and within this life. There's sacrifices you make that God will reward you in this life and in the life to come. There's things that take place in this life. And we suffer the loss because of certain things. And so, we're not completely disregarding any application to this time now. The correction of God, the chastisement of God, and we hope to get into that a little bit, how God is using that for a means and for a particular end. But we're going to be held responsible. Brother Bamman, in the sermon, the seed is not heir with the shock. Just a very straightforward, simple statement. And we will be accountable for what we do with the word of God. To those of us who have received it, to those of us who have heard it, we even know there's a class of people that though they live good lives, if they've heard the truth, brother Bam says they're condemned at white throne judgment because they didn't receive it. They didn't have the right attitude towards him. So, we will be accountable for what we do with the word of God. If I could say this as uh maybe not so much as a caveat, but just as a qualifier, I I'm not attempting I'm not going to attempt to give perfect clarity uh on every detail about rewards and the day of reckoning and these different things. But I want us to understand the general principle. I I to me just even for myself personally uh there's this real hunger and desire just to be able to make sense of everything a and place what the reward is and even look at the different crowns that are mentioned in scripture and say oh well you have this crown and then you have this crown and you have this crown and you have these different crowns and is one for this and one for that you look at the different rewards through the seven church ages each age having a different reward and how brother Bham taught it you there's this maybe desire to try to make everything fit in a very neat and clean picture but God often times s doesn't want it to fit perfectly. He wants faith to kind of be the thing that fills in very vividly the truth of it. If we could explain it, maybe we rob you of the beauty that faith gives a picture when you see it by faith. And it's much more vivid and much more clear when we can see it by faith and not just because we can explain it every detail. But I do want you to uh I do want to I want you to understand at least the general principle to this morning of a day of reckoning for our character. And I'll say I think I mentioned this on Wednesday night. It really I feel like I'm going really really slow today. So I apologize. There's uh it puts into perspective a lot of different things. And there's things that we might say, well, what does it matter doing this? And what does it matter doing that? And why do we have to do this and why do we have to do that? This gives perspective. Amen. Because there may be things as Christians you do not do and you do not want to do and and you don't do and it doesn't rob you of your salvation. It won't take away the gift of eternal life that you have. You can't break the seal and God takes something away from you. And so maybe there's not the loss of salvation, but it helps you to understand why we ought to labor because he's promised us more benefits and blessings when we make those sacrifices and we do those things that please him. I want to start with this quote from church age. You say start. Yeah. Yeah. This is where I want to start this morning. Chapter five of the church age book. Uh we read it Wednesday night, but I want to start with this because I want to start specifically look at the reward that God gives to his messengers or to we'd say the messengers or prophets or maybe those that handle the word of God. So if we can see this very clearly, maybe it'll help us to understand how it applies to others. Says, "Yes, I can see that God is going to give a special reward to his messengers who have faithfully discharged the responsibility he has placed upon them." So God gives them a responsibility and they faithfully discharge it this way. Receiving the revelation of the word for that age and faithfully preached it in their day and lived what they preached. So he's saying if they have received the revelation of the word for that age and faithfully preached in their day and lived what they preached, they will receive a great reward. Brother Brandham even indicates this and we see it indicated in his own ministry that because he had chosen the harder way that a great portion of heaven awaited him and this was because as a messenger he had caught the revelation for the word of his day faithfully preached it lived what he preached and therefore brother says they give a special reward he uses another phrase a great reward wasn't to be the messenger the reward wasn't to receive the revelation the re reward wasn't the power of that revelation to live the word and to preach it, but rather it's something in addition to those things. And in 1 Corinthians chapter 3, we'll read verses 6 to15. And we might we might work in a couple other scriptures as we read through this, but 1 Corinthians chapter 3 6-15. I want you to see how Paul approaches this very same concept. Brother Ram says, "Those who faithfully discharge the responsibility receive a special reward or a great reward." He says,"I have planted, Apollos had watered. I have planted, Apollos watered, but God gave the increase." So then neither is he that planteth, that's Paul, anything. Neither he that waterth, that's Apollos, but God that giveth the increase. So it still all goes to God. This is the attitude of the labor. The labor never waters and then says, "I watered. What are you going to give me for watering?" Right? He just This is God that gives the increase because this is his planting. You are his vineyard. You are his buildings. He says, [snorts] "Now he that planteth, Paul, and he that waterth are one." That means they have the same purpose. That though one does something and another does something else, one is planting in one's water. And you say, "Well, man, if it never got planted, what does it mean to the water?" Or if it never if it got planted and it's not watered, what does it mean if it planted? Nobody's trying to measure or weigh who had the greater responsibility. They both are looking to God who gives the increase. And recognizing that we have the same purpose, not not to grow our churches, not to grow the number of people we baptize. Paul was even pretty open about the fact that he baptized none of you except, right? He wasn't trying to get notches in his belt for these things. He just looked at it and said, "We're all serving the same purpose." So whether this person does this or whether that person does that, our goal at the end of the day is to reach God's elect. Our goal at the end of the day is to fill up the word of God. And so he says those that labor, he says, are one. And then he says, in every man shall receive his own reward according to his own labor. I I don't believe it's a it it it's used as a contrary or but he's saying though we are serving one purpose. And uh we are going to have to answer for our own labor. A man shall receive his own reward according to his own labor. He's going to receive in proportion to how he labored. We catch that. He's going to receive according to how he labored. Now, if I could just cover some key principles at this point. I think these are very key for us to uh to to think about. It's God that graciously grants these rewards. I I I want to emphasize it here because I've in the beginning I think some of my emphasis was a lot on the difference between a gift and a reward. And so that's a necessary distinction. But then I don't want us to tip over too heavy on the other side where we begin to think that God owes it to us as a debt. Amen. It's God that promised them. So it's his it's his promise. To me, it's one of those things where whenever uh we tell our children, if you do this, then we'll let you do that. And then they feel that they've done this. So they come to you and they say, can we do that? And you said, well, no, you know, something else happened. Yeah, you did this, but you also did this, that, and the other. So, you can't have that. AND THEY'RE LIKE, YOU PROMISED, you said. It's like, okay. I mean, all right. Well, now I promised not to do it, right? And so, it's like that there's almost like this demand. You owe it to me as a debt. And that would be a dynamic where the child is forgetting they didn't make the rules. Wasn't their promise. And it's not owed by debt. But God graciously promises a reward for labor as an encouragement to do it. Amen. This is just God's grace. I really want you to catch this part. It's still it's still his grace and and it's still his grace and not even our motive for it. God rewards the believer in recognition of their faithful service of his own free will. Not because he has to. Not because we require him to. Not because there's some contract. It is not a similar contract between an employer and an employee where the employer would owe it by law. And there's certain uh contextual things to it that make this an obligation. And the employee could demand it. And if the the employer is not paid, he can demand the recourse in a court of law. Uh God graciously of his own will says, "You know what? If you do it, I'll reward you." So we have to realize rewards are still given by God's grace and not solely on our merit or by obligation. It is of grace, not debt. That's right. That God promises us these rewards. These are key principles. And because it I just think it's beautiful the way that God does it. We know that there's sometimes there's some reward programs that say if you spend so many dollars, we're going to give you so much back or here's a coupon uh for $50 off. And you you go and you said, "Hey, here's a coupon for $50 off." And they say, "I'm sorry, that's only for days that not ending in Y, right?" And you have to read the fine print. And you figure, oh, well, great. You know, uh is does leap your account? Uh, you know, there's there there's things that automatically begin to tell you how you can't do it and why you couldn't do it. And some of the scratchoff games they have at these restaurants or whatever where if you get all the letters, you're going to get a million dollars. And they just never give out all the letters. And so there's they they have their own rules and they make it harder on you to actually qualify for the reward or qualify for THE PRIZE. BUT GOD EMPOWERS the believer to accomplish their responsibility when he gives them the Holy Ghost. Amen. So the Bible even tells us it's not him that willth him that runth, but God that showeth mercy. And then he says it's both I in you both to will and to do of my good pleasure. And so God says if you will accomplish your responsibility, I'm going to give you a reward. And guess what? I'm going to give you the Holy Ghost. It'll make you do it. I'm just going to I'm going to I'm going to KIND OF PUT IT ALL IN YOUR FAVOR. AMEN. AMEN. OH, THERE'S ALL THESE THINGS I HAVE TO DO. WELL, I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU the Holy Ghost because it can do it. And so he actually empowers the believer to accomplish his responsibility when he gives him the Holy Ghost. So God is wanting he's wanting us. It's it's of old free will that he's going to give us these rewards. So this is not of debt. It's still grace because he promised the prize if I put it that way by his grace. And then he gives us the Holy Spirit to obtain the prize by his grace. It's something God does because he loves us. Amen. And so God does not propose the promise and does not offer the promise of a future reward so that the future reward becomes our motive for labor. These are key principles here at the outset. We may run out of time and and have to pick up on some of these things later, but it's important to catch these. He does not promise or or propose or suggest or tell us about the reward for labor so that the reward itself becomes our motive for it. And there's different scriptures that we could use to show that where there is a reward, it never indicates that the reward was the incentive, that the labor itself had the proper motive. And so the motive of our labor is our love of God and our desire to please him. Amen. And this ought to be expressed from every believer's heart and I find it clearly in the message of the hour. Paul is very particular about the prize and wanting to obtain and he teach gives us a lot of our robust teaching on the rewards. Brother Brandham al likewise gives us a lot of uh things on rewards when you can see this theme. But then he also says I don't need a reward. If I could just pat him on his feet, I'd be dearly paid. And so our motive isn't the reward. Our motive is the desire our love for him and our desire to please him in so much that you scripturally if you labored only because of the reward and not out of love for his word, it's actually not service. Right? So if the motive isn't correct, and the Bible's very clear on this, if the motive isn't correct, then it's not as if God is obligated because there's people who do many wonderful works in his name and he says, "Hey, I don't even know you." So there's things that qualify it. If I can say this as the believer that it is not our motive is not the reward, but the reward is his encouragement to us to do it. Our motive is our love for God and our desire to please him. The Bible says in Galatians 5:6, "For in Jesus Christ, neither circumcision avaleth anything, nor uncircumcision, but faith which workketh by love." Faith which workketh by love avails, not faith which works by a hungry a hungry heart to just get rewards and accumulate rewards and accumulate rewards. We are not like those who merely go shopping just so they could get points or fly on airline flights just so they can get miles, right? We're we're not of those who are just doing it to GET THE STATUS. OH, IF I CAN do this, if I can if I can attain this, if I can attain this, I get a different status. No, we do it because we love God. We do it because we want to please him. We have a faith which works by love. So, the promise, these are key principles. It's still God that graciously promises the reward. It's it's of grace and not debt. It's a God who has graciously promised the reward and then empowers us with his own Holy Spirit to do what is necessary to receive it. And then our motive is not the reward itself. Our motive is to please God. So the promise of reward is not our motive to act but it's our encouragement our stimulus in acting. So continuing now in 1 Corinthians verse 9 chapter 3:9 he says for we are laborers together with God. You're God's husbandry. You're God's building according to the grace of God which is given unto me as a wise master builder. I have laid the foundation and another buildeth thereon. So Paul is saying that I have a labor and this has been the grace of God that's given me the responsibility to lay the foundation. Having laid the foundation, Paul recognizes that people will build on the foundation that he laid. So he says, "But let every man take heed how he buildeth there upon." So Paul is this messenger of this age says, "For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ." Paul, it was Paul's responsibility who received a grace of God. He even says, "A special dispensation of grace was given to me to minister to you." So he ministers and what does he established? Jesus Christ. The revelation of Jesus Christ being established in that age as it was necessary at that time. He's preaching and Paul's proh revelation then was prophecy for today. Brother Bram said, and so he says, "Now there's going to be those that are going to build on this foundation of Jesus Christ. Now, if any man build upon this foundation, gold, silver, precious stones, and you can immediately tell there's a difference, right? Gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubble. Which ones are alike? Which ones are not alike? But circle those that um that are are, you know, that are alike and mark through those that are not alike. There's things you look at immed, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubble. As you'll see, the gold, silver, and precious stones are those good works, those good things that are built upon the foundation. But the wood, hay, and stubble would be the dead or the uh unfruitful works that are built upon the same foundation. So Paul says that a man will build either with gold, silver, precious stones, or wood, hay, or stubble. And in verse 13, every man's work shall be made manifest for the day shall declare it. It's going to be made manifest. It's going to prove what it really was all along. Not just what we saw it, what you thought of it. More importantly, because if you think about something, it's going to be important to catch here in a moment. When you do it, you think, "Oh, yeah. This is awesome. I'm going to get an A+, right?" And then you get it back and it's incomplete, right? And you're like, "Wait a minute. This was awesome. Why are you give you follow the wrong instructions, wrong assignment, whatever it was, you realize, oh, okay." So he's saying it's going to be proven what it actually was because it shall be revealed by fire and the fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is. The word there try means to test or examine. It's going to prove it. It's going to scrutinize it. Paul is saying that every man's work, whatever sort it is, is going to be tried. And he's already said that every man shall receive his own reward according to his own labor. So in in my breath today, I don't want you to I want you to come back to that idea that Paul is talking about a man receiving a reward for his labor. And he says it's going to be his labor is going to be tried as by fire. It's going to be revealed by fire and the fire shall try it. It's going to examine it. He's going to test it, prove it to approve it or to deem it valuable. It's going to assess a quality, a worth or character to the work. He's going to judge it. And so this is Paul saying that a man's work according to his responsibility is going to be examined. And it's going to be examined to determine a reward, not punishment. Have I mentioned that a lot? It's to determine a reward, not punishment. So there is not a sentence that would follow the scrutiny. There is no uh there not going to be remedial. There's no retribution when you're tested and judged and examined. In this instance, God is not going to say, you know what, do it all over. You need to start all over. Try again. He's not going to send you to the back of the line. you're not going to get another opportunity to do it. There's certain things. There's nothing punitive where it just wants to make you hurt for what you did. And there's nothing remedial where we need to rehabilitate you so you can do better. And so in our criminal justice system, uh even in our legal system, there's times when things are assessed and it's punitive. It's to punish. It's retribution. It's to punish the person for how they acted. But then there's other components that they want to remediate the person. They want to rehabilitate them. They want them to uh change and then come back into society in a way that they can uh benefit society and prove that they're changed. There's nothing of that sort taking place in this moment. There's no sentence. There's no retribution. There's no punishment. But yet you are examined. And in this examination, verse 14 says, "If any man's work abide, which he hath built thereupon, he shall receive a reward." So he comes back to this idea that if a man's work abides, if it remains, if it survives the scrutiny, he receives a reward. Why? Because every man shall be receive his own reward according to his own labor. So if our if our if just using this symbolic language that Paul is using, if our labors remain after the judgment, after the scrutiny, after the trial or the test, then he said there's a reward for that work. So we can though I believe Paul's being very specific here at a minimum to him and Apollos and anyone who builds upon the foundation of Jesus Christ. I think it presents to us a scripture then of how Christ is the foundation in our souls and then what is built upon that are our works and our testimony. As brother Brandham says that after we've accepted him, we're going to be held accountable for our responsible for our lives. The elect therefore will stand before Christ and answer for her conduct. All of us. we will stand before Christ and answer for our character and our attitude. Second John 8 says, "Look to yourselves that we lose not those things which we have wrought, but that we receive a full reward." Again, it's him granting rewards to faithful believers, but we ought to look to ourselves that we lose not those things which we wrought, those things which we labored for, and that we receive a full reward. So, there's a full reward. In other words, you can't earn more than this. saying labor so that you get a full one, a perfect reward, a complete reward. And Paul is saying when we labor for that, for the Lord and we and and we work for God and we build upon this foundation, this experience of the new birth, the labor which is acceptable to the judge abides. It survives and then is rewarded accordingly. So Paul says in verse 15, if any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss. So in the analogy, which ones survive? the gold, silver, precious stones. The ones that don't survive are the wood, hay, and stubble. When he uses the analogy of fire, he's saying these things are purified by fire. These things are revealed by fire. There's certain things, there's a lot of things that gets in the way, and then you purify and realize there's that's real gold that once you got once you burned everything else away. This is kind of the encouraging part. I don't know if you're all thinking, man, this is getting more and more dark and foroding. I hope we sing happy songs when he's done. Uh this is the fun part because he's saying all the gold in your life will be revealed. All the wood, hay, and stubble is going to disappear so that you don't have to go into heaven with a bunch of stubble. Has nothing to do with beards, but you won't have to go into heaven with wood and hay. You're going to go in you're going to go into heaven with that those perfect precious stones, the gold and the silver, those things that remain. [snorts] The man, if any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer life loss, excuse me. But he himself shall be saved. Yet so is by fire. It's it's a phrase that maybe um confusing to some and a lot of people wrestle with, but he's using just the analogy that if any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss. The loss of the work, but he says he himself shall be saved. Yet so as by fire. He's just saying holding with the analogy, there may be loss of labor, but there is not loss of life. Amen. If you have eternal life, you may be building a lot of wood, hay, and stubble, and you're not going to get to keep it. It's all going to be burned down, but you will not lose your salvation. He shall suffer loss. It means he'll forfeit that special reward that brother Brandon called it or great reward. Paul is talking about he shall receive a reward. He shall suffer loss. He forfeits that re uh reward. It's a loss of some peculiar honor or praise that was due him if he had gold, silver, and precious stone. Right? Paul is looking at something not gained in this suffer loss. Something actually the root of that word uh uh is is something is curbed or restrained. I was just studying that word in greater detail uh and just what it means to suffer loss. It means there's something that's restrained, something that's held back. The word is translated in Luke to cast away. That if any man's work shall be burned, he shall there's something restrained or curved. There's something that he can't obtain to, something he cannot have. So there's this loss for what he could have been do had he labored and and and built with stone precious stones. And in in the sense that we might be I think I referred to this a moment ago in the sense that we might be expecting a greater reward uh that can be there is this sense it may be regarded as a loss if we don't win it. In the sense that oh I'm expecting this and I ought to do this and boy that was really really good and and you might be thinking well I just know one thing's for sure. when I'm judged at that day, I'm going to get a reward for uh for, you know, converting my neighbor uh uh and baptizing them in my swimming pool and and or you're just fully expecting and you get there and everything's destroyed and you go, "Man, what happened? I thought I at least saved one soul." And it's like, well, you you did it for all the wrong reasons and it was your testimony that undermined it in the end because you started getting on them for not going to church and they got really really discouraged and you're like, right, it's just an example just by way of analogy to understand that Paul is saying that what it is a sense of loss because it may be what one expected to gain. So the labor Paul is saying that work the labor that is the result that it results in wood hay and stubble which that which is not accepted is stripped away or not regarded worthy of reward. Again the believer cannot lose their salvation. It's a free gift and and they ever remain on the foundation which is Christ. So this is what you build not what what is laid. The foundation is laid is Christ. You don't lay that foundation. The foundation is Christ. And then whatever you you remain on that foundation, you cannot lose that. This is your life's work. This is your testimony. And those very things that you build upon that foundation, Paul is saying, are going to be investigated, going to be examined by the word, going to be looked into. And all that is good is approved. And all that is imperfect or inferior is removed. And if I can say this, I I believe that this in the scripture, this principle is clearly applied to those who preach the gospel at the very least in the context of what Paul is saying, context of what brother Brandham said. So let's see Paul applied this to himself in first Corinthians chapter 9 22- 27. I appreciate your patience this morning. I know you're being very diligent, listening very intently. I recognize that there's a labor in that that you're you're using your your mental faculties to strain and to hear and to understand and and you yourself are wanting to put these things together. So, I know that's a that taxes you. I know it may be warm for some. It could have been a very very long week and so you're tired. Um I I get that. I don't take it personal if you fall asleep. If I did, I would be the most depressed person on the face of the earth. I'm just kidding. I I don't take it personal when people fall asleep. Um, if I ever feel that I I'm the reason why they fell asleep, I will take it upon myself to wake them up. And so verse 22, to the weak because I am weak that I might gain the weak. Paul's attitude now. I made all I made all things to all men that I might by all means save some. That was his desire. Says, "And this I do for the gospel sake that I might be partaker thereof with you of the blessings and benefits of the gospel. I I want to partake in them." He's saying, "Know ye not that they which run in a race run all?" Again, this is chapter nine. We've just read from chapter 3. This is all we're initially drawing from the first Corinthians to see Paul using this theme to the Corinthian church of rewards. He says, "All run everyone runs in a race, but one receiveth the prize." So now he tells them, "Run that you may obtain the prize." Run to get something out of the race, not just to finish, but run to obtain. And every man that striveth for the mastery is temperate in all things. He shares a similar principle with Timothy that if you're going to strive for the mastery, you need to be temperate. You need to do certain things. You have a responsibility to care for yourself so that you can win the prize. Now they that do it to obtain a corruptible crown, but we an incorruptible. I therefore so run not as uncertainly, so fight I, not as one that beatth the air. Now, lest there be any confusion, we know that we cannot earn a new body, right? like that that that that that is promised us. The baptism of the Holy Ghost is the guarantee of the translation, the change. And so yet there still is a certain labor and desire to strive for rewards. And then even to the extent that we use this to re to apply to an incorruptible body, we are still laboring for the moment, right? When we are all changed, we're living for that. We want to not that we can earn it necessarily, but we can fill things up. We can accomplish what God wants us to accomplish. Says, I therefore so run not as uncertainty certainly so fight I not as one that beatth the air, but I keep under my body and I and bring it unto subjection, lest that by any means when I have preached to others, I myself should be a cast away. It's not the same word that's used earlier as suffer loss, but it's the print the same idea because to cast away it means not approved or displeasing. And so there's one Paul is saying that I and you you hear what he's saying. I become weak and I might gain the weak. I become all things and I might save some. I do this so I can be a partaker in the gospel with you. Paul has a great attitude and he says now you ought to run and strive to obtain. He says I do this. This is the way that I live. Lest by any means when I have preached to others, I myself sh self self should not be approved. Should not be accepted. It not be would be found not deserving of the reward. Amen. This is what Paul is explicitly saying that I want to labor correctly and I want to labor the right way and I want to labor for the right THINGS BECAUSE I DON'T WANT TO BE THAT GUY WHO preaches my entire life and because I didn't preach preach the word of God with the right motive and because I didn't labor correctly, I am found I'm not found worthy of the full reward that I stood to receive. Paul is clearly referring to his responsibility, his labor, his works, not his salvation. He wasn't worried that he could become a castaway and that his soul would be banished to hell or that he would suffer punishment for disobedience. He had already possessed the gift of eternal life. He wasn't afraid of losing his soul. But he dreaded displeasing God and losing any rewards. The idea of being a castaway is when I've labored and labored and labored and when I would stand worthy to receive, as brother Bam said, a special reward. when I would stand to receive what I just taught you. In chapter three, Paul is saying, I don't WANT TO BE THAT GUY WHO WHO LAID A FOUNDATION, WHO WATERED and was doing all this work, uh who planted, laid the foundation and planted, I do all this work, and then I stand there ready to be to receive a reward according to my labor. And he says, just entered into the joy of thy lord, and there's nothing given with it. As the Bible says in Revelations 3:11, "Behold, I come quickly. Hold that fast with thou which thou hast that no man take thy crown. You lose something you stood to receive one that was seemingly earned or gained. What is it? This is a missed opportunity. It's a missed eternal reward that's available to the believers. The Bible says that behold fast that which thou hast that no man take thy crown. What does it imply? Crowns can be lost. There can be potential unfulfilled. Things that you could have gained are not gained. Therefore, it's considered laws, right? If only the IRS would let us do that [snorts] in Matthew chapter 10 verse 42. This would the the the scriptures around preceding this are really good to read in that if you receive a word in uh receive a prophet in the name of the prophet um and and it and a righteous man in the name of a righteous man and it's saying that you shall receive a reward and there's like this descending order of prophet righteous man then just disciple the least of them and in each instance the motive for receiving them is because of what they deserve or who they are the respect that's accorded to them not the reward you're going to get. So again, another place that moderates this idea that we're we're not just laboring for rewards, but we get rewards because we labor. Said, "Whosoever shall give to drink unto one of these little ones a cup of cold water only in the name of a disciple, verily I say to you, he shall in no wise lose his reward. He has secured a reward for his service. He secured it." And so this suffer loss is not gaining the rewards that are available to the believer. as brother B said used that phrase the eternal rewards that are available and Paul knew then Paul as he's saying this that I I don't want to preach and labor and then be a castaway and be deemed unworthy or unfit for the reward he knew he would have to answer for how he fulfilled his responsibility in other words Paul knew there'd be a day of reckoning he knew that there would be a moment when he was held accountable remember in going beyond the curtain of time we shared it Wednesday night how brother Brandham is comes to that place where he said are these Brandhams and he sees all these converts and then he says well I want to see Jesus' and he says, "Wow, uh, he's he'll come one day and when he comes, he's going to come to you first and he's going to judge you by what you preached. He's going to judge you for your responsibility." He says, "Will every brother says, "Will everyone be responsible?" WHAT ABOUT PAUL? AND he said, "Paul will be responsible for his day." RIGHT? SO PAUL KNEW, PAUL knew that there would be this time. Brother Brandham sees it and going beyond the curtain of time. It's referenced that he's going to come and you're going to be judged a with your people and your subject's going to be judged by what you preach. So, there's going to be a moment in time when you're all being held accountable. You recognize just even how God is going to hold us accountable for what we received in this message. And you look back for people who are with Luther and you're like, I I I may be able to do that. Like, I would have been fine with that, right? But no, we didn't. That's not all WE GOT. WE GOT IT ALL. AND I SAY, "THANK GOD." WE'RE LIVING IN THIS golden age. We're living in this most wonderful age there's ever been, this bride age. This is a wonderful time to live. But there's a greater accountability because we've been tasked and given a greater responsibility. So Paul knew he would answer. Brother Brandham knew that he would have to answer. He said, "Someday I'm going to have to answer for what I've done here on earth. I'm going to have to answer for my stewardship." We read all those statements on Wednesday. Brother said, "I'm going to be held responsible. I'm going to have to answer." And he was clearly pointing to a day of reckoning, a time where he would be judged. So Paul when he comes to the end of his ministry 2 Timothy chapter 4 7 and 8 I fought a good fight I finished my course I kept thee faith and he says henceforth in other words because because of this there's laid up for me a crown of righteousness which the Lord the righteous judge shall give me at that day. This is a clear application to those that minister clear application to himself personally. And I say that just so that you don't feel that I'm trying to force just one way of looking at this. Brother Brham said he'll give a special or great reward to the messengers who faithfully carry out their responsibility. Paul is saying that God is going to give each man according to his labor. And we may think, well, he was talking about planting. He's talking about water. He's talking about those who build upon the foundation that's been laid. And so if we only want to view it in that context, Paul then affords us that example that here he is as a laborer who didn't want to be a castaway. He wanted to be deemed approved. And so when he comes to the end of the road, he's saying, "I fought a good fight." Amen. I've done it well. I finished my course. I've labored. I've labored well. And he knew that there was a reward that was laid up for him that he shall give me at that day. You remember, Brother Brand likewise could say he heard that prophecy. A huge portion of heaven awaits thee. That's not salvation. That's not being allowed to enter in. It's a greater expansion of stewardship in heaven. It's a greater expansion and blessing and benefits uh uh that are granted to him that he shall give me at that day. And Paul is speaking of himself. We could see it being applied to brother Brandham. But Paul is also drawing from the general principle of judgment and rewards at that day. A day of reckoning, a day to answer. And he says, "And not to me only, but unto all them also that love his appearing." Right. For all them that love his appearing, God has stored up for them a crown for they that have labored well those who have done right. So then he concludes the book of Corinthians with this scripture 1 Corinthians 15:58. We pulled from chapter 3. We pulled from chapter 9 just to see this thing that that Paul just kind of mentions. he slips in and out of. And he says in 1 Corinthians chapter 15:58, "Therefore, my beloved brethren, be ye steadfast, unmovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord. For as much as you know that your labor is not in vain in the Lord." What you do for his sake will be rewarded. He's telling them as as I've told you that I labor a and I and I've laid a foundation and I've planted and I'm going to receive a reward according to my labor. polace has watered and he's going to receive a reward according to his labor. And I've said that a man needs to be careful how he builds upon this foundation. If he's using gold and silver and precious stones or wood, hay or stubble and God's going to judge it and whatever remains will be rewarded and whatever is uh is burned away. He suffers the loss of that labor. He doesn't get a reward or payment for it, so to speak. He's teaching this to him and he comes to himself and he says, "Hey, I live by this principle because I don't want to be the guy who lays the foundation, plants, and then labors and labors and labors." and then at the end has not lived it well. If anything, we say this is exactly what brother Bam's referring to when he says that those messengers who faithfully discharge their responsibility not only received the revelation and preached it but lived it. And Paul said, I don't want to just be the guy that gets revelation and preaches it, I want to be the guy that lives it so that I can receive a special reward. And he's telling him, I want to be that guy that receives the reward. He tells Timothy later on that I finished my course. I'm going to receive my reward. So he sums up his letter to the Corinthians, saying, "Now you be steadfast and unmovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, which is your whatever your responsibility is. For as much as you know that your labor is not in vain in the Lord, know that your laboring will be rewarded." In other words, he's saying, "If I if I'm rewarded as the messenger, then there's a reward for you as the believer." Now, if you could, we're we're getting very very very close to entering the after hour. and I can go quickly through these next um two script three scripture readings, but you'll have to kind of hold tight to it. If there's a question, you can very easily pull me into things and that'll be fine because we'll have more time later. Um if not, we can catch up while we're waiting in line to get our rewards on the other side. Hey guys, come here real quick. Let me just finish this. Ephesians chapter 6 5 to8. I want I want to read through this so you recognize that Paul again is building on this principle of receiving a reward. servants, be obedient to them that are your masters according to the flesh with fear and trembling and singleness of your heart as unto Christ. There's been a lot of unfaithful so-called Christians that used the teaching in both the Old Testament and the New Testament to support race-based slavery to support the stealing of men, the kidnapping, the subjugation, and the mistreatment of others. And Paul when he's dealing with servants, it's not the same kind of slavery that we have in our mind in maybe more modern times, there's actually tremendous teaching on there's actually teaching in the Bible against doing that very thing. So the type of bond servant or what we'd call slavery or servants and masters in the scripture are very different than what we saw uh uh in later times in wi with with uh cruel slavery. And though even this is where I find myself drawing from this, even though there were those who mistreated servants and treated them harshly, that was never the intent of the system where a man could sell himself in order to redeem certain things and to buy off certain debts. And there's certain orders and structures to it. But Paul nonetheless is referring to those that would be part of that structure. And he tells the servants uh be obedient to their masters. Now don't think or modern day slavery or even the the horrible stain on our nation when it comes to slavery. It's a different type of servitude. He's tell them to obey with fear and trembling as unto Christ. Right? So the servants ought to serve their masters as they would serve Christ. Because Paul says not with eyes service as men pleasers but as the servants of Christ doing the will of God from the heart. So it's the will of God that we would obey our employers. It's the will of God that a servant would obey his master. It's God's will that you enter into if you enter into a contract with somebody or an agreement or an obligation that you would fulfill it. Right? If you promise to do something that you would actually do it. He says with good will doing service as to the Lord. Again, he's wanting us to think more of what our duty would be to God by virtue of our relationship to this person. Not just the one-way contract or two-way contract with the individual with do good will doing services to the Lord and not to men knowing that whatsoever good thing any man doeth the same shall he receive of the Lord whether he be bond or free. Amen. So even the the the the the masters the word is used here is one that ought to treat servants well because he is going to receive if he does wrong as Paul touches on it later and we're actually skipping that verse in Colossians where he that has done evil is going to receive of that. If you've mistreated, you've done things wrong. But if you do good as unto the Lord, you know that the same you shall receive from the Lord. This I I believe that [clears throat] there is a reward in this life. But it's Paul's also teaching building upon the same principle that if you do well and you labor for the Lord, the Lord sees it. Whatever you do as you do it under the Lord, he sees it and he will a man will receive of the Lord. Amen. For how he served here on earth. Right? Jesus says in John 12:26, "If any man serve me, let him follow me, and where I am, there shall also my servant be. If any man serve me, him will my father honor." So there's honor for service rendered, not just for the minister. This is for any man who will live his life correctly. Any man who will honor God in the way that he treats other people and the way he fulfills his responsibility. So this is wherever you are as a student, if you're honest, if you don't cheat, if you treat your fellow students right, if you respect your teacher, if you do what's expected of you, if you go to class, if you do your work, all these different things, you know, that counts, right? And the Bible touches on so many things about uh ambition and doing a job well and and and and all the things that relate to cleanliness and all all the ways that we would live our lives and keep our homes even in the uh uh the care of things that we own. IT ALL SPEAKS OF OUR testimony as Christians. And if any man will serve Christ, he says his father, any man, he will f his father will honor that man who serves him. So as it relates to servants, the Bible is saying that if any man will do service as unto the Lord, he shall receive of the Lord. In Colossians chapter 3 23 to 24, excuse me, verse 18, we'll start with verse 18. And I think I put this in the slide, not just verse 23, but Colossians chapter 3 18- 24. I include these first few verses because though what he's saying is going to be very close to what he says in Ephesians chapter 6, I love how we can apply this to these other parts. Wives, submit yourselves unto your own husbands as it is fit in the Lord. Husbands, love your wives and be not bitter against them. Children, obey your parents in all things, for this is well pleasing unto the Lord. Notice how even in these natural relationships, God has a sense of expectation as to what you ought to do. And in doing this, if you do it faithfully, he's like, "I'm going to reward a person. I'm going to reward this person. I I'm not forgetful." This fathers, provoke not your children anger, lest they be discouraged. These are all ways that we have relationships that impose upon us an obligation. And God is going to hand hold us accountable for how the husbands love their wives. Going to hold us accountable for how we provoked our children. He's going to take away my salvation. No, he's not going to take away your salvation. Though some sort of serial abuse may be indicative of a lack in it, right? A lack of lack of repentance, a lack of remorse, uh uh uh you know, some patterns of behavior can be indicative that Christ does not dwell there. But if you believe that you've have the Holy Ghost and you're serving God and your soul has been sealed, you're still going to be accountable for the way that you treat your wife, the way that you reverence your husband, the way that you treat your children. And he transitions to servant. So now he's just picked up on all these different relationships. Servants, obey in all things your masters according to the flesh, not with eye service as men pleasers, but in singleness of heart, fearing God. Very similar to what he said to the Ephesian church. And whatsoever ye do, and I would say that this would apply to all of us. Whatsoever ye do, do it heartily as to the Lord and not unto men, knowing that of the Lord, ye shall receive the reward of the inheritance, for you serve the Lord Christ. believe it was brother Tim Cross who used this scripture and it's what anchored it and solidified it in me to venture into this subject of judgment and rewards is he read this scripture as you shall receive the reward of the inheritance which means you re shall receive as you're due the reward in other words all that is done for his sake in love for him is going to be divinely rewarded whatsoever you do do it heartily as in the Lord and not unto men you know sometimes maybe in certain relationships It's very difficult for us to do our duty in the face of one who's not doing theirs. And it becomes hard when we only see it as us doing it for them. But it might get easier. I'm just going to give you a little bit of grace. It might get easier when you do it as under the Lord and not for them. There may be people who don't deserve the respect, but out of respect for the office, you give it as under the Lord. There are certain ways that it's very, very hard for me to do it for that person because they haven't demonstrated the faithfulness. They've hurt or they've caused this or they've let me down. They've done all these things. but yet you still have a responsibility to them. And none of those things that you've just elicited relieve you of that responsibility. You'll find that it's it looses the power in you to serve or to look out after to not provoke whatever it might be when you realize I'm going to do this as unto the Lord. Amen. Amen. Knowing from whom my reward will come. That there is a promise then to the wives, to the husbands, to the children, to the parents, to whatsoever you do, do it unto the Lord. I think they Sister Rebecca may be in the back with their children. Sister Rebecca Cruz uh was sent a note just testifying of how much the service meant on Wednesday night because there was this emphasis on all the labors that mothers undertake to be in service and you get your kids ready and you come to church, you do it all on your own and you get to church and you can't sit in service and you go sit somewhere else because the kids uh need to eat or one's fussing or whatever it is and you think what was it all what was it? What was worth it? What was the point? I didn't get anything out of the service. No, you're going to get something out of it. Amen. You're going to get something out of it because you didn't do it as under the church. You didn't do it as under the pastor. You didn't do it as under the preacher. You did it because you knew this is where you wanted to be and this is where your you want your children to know that you want to be and it's going to pay off for the children even in this life. But then God also sees and hears and knows. And he says knowing that you shall receive the reward for you serve the Lord Jesus Christ. This is not just for ministers but for husbands, for wives, for children, for labors, for servants. There is a REWARD OF THE INHERITANCE TO those who serve and serve faithfully. So Paul says in 2 Corinthians 5:9 and 10, we're going to try to go real fast here. Wherefore we labor that whether present or absent, we may be accepted of him, may be pleasing to him. This is our ambition. This is why we labor. For we must all, this is now all of us now as he writes back to the Corinthians in his next letter. We must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ that everyone may receive the things done in his body according to that heath done whether it be good or bad. This would not have been strange material to the Corinthian church because he already touched on it so vividly in his first letter about a man answering for his labor and being rewarded accordingly. So he reminds them again that we will all stand before the judgment seat of Christ. That word there is beimma. It's a raised place, like a raised platform. You you'd get there by stepping up. It's not it's not that word's not used of the white throne judgment. It's only used in of this um when he says the judgment seat of Christ, this phrase, this bema, it's his throne. This stepping up that a man may receive. It's that grant of a reward proportional to what you did with your life. As brother Bram said, we're going to be responsible after we've accepted Christ for our life. We're going to be held accountable. And it's proportional, Paul says, to the things that we did in our flesh. Not was in your soul, right? That's his work. He's already given you that that gift. But you're going to answer for your work and for your efforts. As he said in Romans 14, as we read it already, we all shall stand before thee bema, the judgment seat of Christ. So then every one of us shall give an account of ourselves to God. That's the day of reckoning. It's the moment of accountability. I trust it's I trust that at the very least the principle is becoming clear that there's going to be a moment that you'll receive a reward for all that you've done. Amen. If you don't see it in this life, this is what gives it perspective because we there's things you preach and all if you do this and if you do that and God said this and there's people that seem to do everything that they thought they're supposed to do. Brother Aaron, I went to church. I paid my tithe. I did this. I did this, but this still happened. I did this and I did this and this still happened. and it just seems like all I've received in this life is heartache and loss and separation and didn't get this and lost that and tried to work for this and it just seems like through all of it everything keeps getting taken away and you said where is the promise of the the reward where's the promise of receiving where's the promise of getting something out of it it's like you just keep saving right like you're what what you stand what you have secured there pales as Paul said the suffering this present time not worthy to the glory that's going to be revealed to us whatever you just the attitude you have and that Perseverance. This is why Paul is even using a language of hold out to the end. Persevere. Brother Bon says we look out to the end when the rewards are given. We're not living in this life. We're not looking to this life alone. We're not trying to take this computation now and calculate. Well, I've paid this much in tithing. I've given this much to missions. I've done this and I've done this, but then I had I I did a balance sheet for my life and I've given more away than I have in savings. And you start asking yourself, when is it all going to measure up and life this life wasn't worth it? No. No. Slow down. There's going to be a day when God's going to reward you for everything you've done to serve him. Brother Bram says in the sermon, "Thy loving kindness." And those who are wayfairing men and women along life's journey, some of them, Lord, have been on the field for a long time. And not one thing have they ever did for thy glory that's hid from you. You remember every little deed and every heartache and everything that they've suffered for the kingdom's sake. Then someday they shall receive that great reward when the crowns will be given out. A day of reckoning, a moment and time when God will acknowledge your heartache, your suffering, every deed, and everything you did and settle up with you. That's when the tally is going to be made. That's when the judgment is made. I know it kind of carries with it this maybe this idea of this foreboing of, oh, THERE'S GOING TO BE FIRE AND MY W WORK'S GOING TO BE burned and you're going to suffer loss. But it's not meant to create this fear of judgment. It's certainly used to motivate us to labor correctly. But it also becomes to us an inspiration that it's worth it all. That as a believer, I want to persevere. I want to be faithful. I want to hear words from him on that day of, oh, you know, all that heartache and how you you didn't knuckle down and you could have given up and you could have quit and everybody else did this and everybody else did that. There there's people who make difficult decisions to please God and who do what they know is right for their families and for themselves. And and it comes with a great price. And if you never see the redemption on this side of it, KNOW THAT GOD SEES every bit of it and will grant you a proportional reward. And that's what we see in Matthew chapter 25. read verses verses 14 and 15 and then we'll skip to verse 19. Bear in mind that we do not want to um we're we're looking at the specific principle of God rewarding a man for his responsibility. I'll say that for the kingdom of heaven is a man traveling into a far country who called his own servants and delivered under them his goods. And to one he gave five talents and to another two and to another one. To every man according to his several ability and straight he took his journey. So he didn't expect from some more. didn't give them more and expect something. He did it according to their gifting, according to their ability, their power. What was it within their power? So God God isn't gonna uh I'm saying this as a confession. God isn't going to make me a missionary, right? To Africa, right? That that's not what I'm that's not what I'm gifted to be. That's so he's not expecting me. Well, you didn't go enough times to that island where they don't have electricity. I I I by God's grace, that's not what I have to fulfill. So some they do a lot more than others and they have greater stewardships and greater responsibilities but he does it all according to their several ability uh and he takes his journey. So verse 19 now he comes back after a long time the lord of those servants cometh and reckonth with them. That word reckonth mean he's rendering an account getting from them an account because notice when he reckons with them they tell him what they did. They give an account of their use of what was given to them. Reckoning you could even use some of your understanding of of of accounting or or balancing a book. Uh you know, just different things. It kind of has that same idea of reckoning something. Uh there's a computation. It comes from logos. The thought here is I'm going to talk to you and I'm I'm going to say, hey, what did you do with the five? What did you do with the two? And the reckoning is, well, this is what I did with it, and this is what I have, and this is why I have what I have. And you give an explanation. You give a thought. It's that day of reckoning. And he reckonth with them. this meeting between the Lord and the servant and they have the face to face and there's a judgment of what did you do with what I gave you and so he that received five talents came and brought other five talents saying Lord thou has delivered unto me five talents behold I've gained beside them five talents more and this is the response now his lord said unto him well done thou good and faithful servant thou hast been faithful over a few things that I gave you right I will make thee ruler over many things enter thou into the joy of thy lord He's going to share with him now because all things are in the possession of the the Lord. He says, "Now enter thou into enjoy with me all those things that are mine and I'm going to give you more of what's mine. I'm going to give you a greater stewardship. I'm going to expand to you uh what you what uh because of your faithfulness here, I'm going to give you more there." And he also said to him that received two, it's the same thing in verse 23, well done, good and faithful servant. Thou hast been faithful over a few things. I will make thee ruler over many things. Enter thou into the joy of thy Lord. What what is this that's taking place here? I'm using it to refer to that day of reckoning for us. That time when we will answer for what we had. And we don't need to be counting our talents saying, "Well, he gave him five. He only gave me two." Just what did you do with your two? Amen. That's good. Do you realize that even in this it's not even uh the one that had one if he would have gotten interest or just doubled even the one that the same thing was would been said right that the full reward for the that had five he when he when he doubled it he got his reward FOR THE ONE THAT HAD TWO he got his reward to the one that had the one because he didn't labor correctly and he didn't please the the Lord he says take away from him that he had and give it right? To the one that had 10. And and if I COULD JUST SAY THIS, WE'RE NOT TRYING TO INTERPRET or read too much into it, but you know what? I've lived a little bit. I think there's a lot of talents for us to steal, right? There's a lot of people that don't LABOR FAITHFULLY. THERE'S A LOT WHO HAVEN'T done the minimum with WHAT GOD HAS GIVEN THEM. And so, he who labors correctly stands to receive even those things which someone has not re labored for correctly. just using the expressions from the scripture. This is a time to answer. This is the moment. I'm going to close here with the the story brother tells in the sixth seal. This is when rewards are given when this Lord who's been gone for some time returns right at that meeting in the air and we're all gathered together. Brother Bman, one place says he likes it to the marriage supper. He says, "It's going to be like the marriage supper." And he was referring to that time when crowns are given out. Rewards are given out. That's what that's what I'm wanting you to recognize. This is a judgment for these crowns, for these rewards. You say, "Well, what what are they? What are they?" Well, the Bible calls them crowns, calls them rewards. And in some in some ways it's referred to greater a greater expansion of stewardship or or you're going to get you're going to have received talents that were available that weren't used. But what's important is just recognizing it happens. And the sixth seal, I'm closing on this. I don't I don't think this is going to be anticlimatic, but we're just winding down with this. He says, I want you to tell tell you a little thing happened. this was a dream and he's very particular that he wants us to know this is just a dream. I was asleep and it's after when he says uh after that time um maybe it's here on the next slide somewhere where he says about a month after that and he's referring to when his wife they they had a conversation about uh a thing and and about love and different things. He says I want to tell you a little thing happened. This was a dream. I was asleep and I've never told this publicly before. I told it to a couple people but never publicly before as I know of. I dreamed about a month after that after this conversation he had with Mida that I was standing one day and I was watching the great time that so this is a great time I was standing and watching that great time he says not the judgment now and the next slide not the judgment now he says I don't believe the bride goes to a judgment and and and and this these are my notes I realize I use my notes to make the slide that he says I don't believe the church and he corrects himself the bride goes to a judgement So the the bride, he says, I don't believe the bride goes to a judgment. But I was there when the crowns was being given out. Brother B, this isn't this isn't strange to him. When he had this dream, he knew exactly where he was. Not the bride being judged at white throne for salvation. He goes, "But I but not the judgment now. The bride doesn't go to that judgment, but I was there when the crowns were being given out. I had this dream of this time." And this is how he begins to describe it. And just uh I don't I didn't provide this because I just wanted you to listen to this. Uh uh and if I could maybe just amplify it even now. When brother Bham is coming to this place, he says, "I'm standing there when the crowns are going to be given out." Brother Bams used the language to say that one day there we live out to the end when the rewards are given. And brother Bam knew when he went beyond the curtain of time. He made that statement. I think we may have read this one on Wednesday or I just have it here in my notes where he said uh where I want to see Jesus. So this is the moment now. He's standing off to the side. This is the day when crowns are going to be given out. So this is the moment when he's going to see Jesus. And he had said this before, I want to see Jesus. And the guy says, he's higher than this. Someday he'll come and you'll be judged by the gospel that you preached. He says, well, will Paul have to be judged? Will Paul have to be judged by his crowd? He said, yes. So brother B is saying that he's wants to see Jesus. And he says he's going to come and when he comes, you're going to be judged. And he says that that's when there's a judgment. And when there's a judgment, he's going to receive a reward. Remember the uh he said because thou HAS CHOSEN THE HARDER WAY AND IT WAS THE CORRECT AND PRECISE WAY a huge portion of heaven awaits thee. Remember how Paul said I've finished my course so I henceforth has laid up for me a crown. SO THIS IS THAT TIME BROTHER BENHAM SEES IT IN THE SIXTH SEAL AND HE SHARES THIS DREAM. He said I've shared with people but I've never publicly shared it and I don't know that he ever shares it again. And he's trying to tell this time and he uses such clear and precise language. I was there when the crowns were being given out. Brother Brandham individually was going to answer for his labor. Right? You remember in going beyond the curtain of time, very strange thing happens in that when he's in that when he tells the vision and he sees his horse think Prince and then he SEES HIS DOG FRITZ IS THERE AND AND Fritz is licking his hand and and these are things that are happening to brother Bam when he goes beyond THE CURTAIN OF TIME. HE said there was Fritz there licking me on the hand. This is in the fifth when he tells this he says and just then I heard a voice and it cried out all that you ever loved. And he says reward for my service. Now think about that. Think about how special this is. This is the one place I could see where brother Bam gives us any details what a reward might be. I mean, I don't know if that gets you excited that there could be there or something. But this is remarkable, right? Because brother Bam isn't it's all that you loved. All that you ever loved and all that ever loved you, God has given you. And the only evidence that we have that it refers to was his pets, a horse and a dog. So we don't want to read too much into that, right? We don't want to read in and say, "Well, anybody that ever loved Brother Brandham's going to be there, right?" Because then we would all just want to fall in love with William Brandom. And you'd probably be sorely disappointed because that's not the qualification. He says, "All that you ever loved and all that ever loved you, God has given to you." It's this very specific scene that has taken place. And here's Fritz and here's Prince. And brother Bam says, "Reward for my service." Amen. God knows just how to reward his people. And so, Brother Brandham says, "Here I was when the crowns were being given out in this dream." He's standing there where the where these things are going to be given. And let me just read through. I might read through it just word for word or just make reference to it. It says, "And the great big throne set up there, and Jesus and the recording angel and all was standing there, and there were stairs, stair steps like coming down this way of white ivory running down in a circle and made a panoramic like this and went out so that all this great host standing out there could see what was happening." So, it was arranged to where this is in a dream now. And I believe in the dream, it's symbolic of this time, this moment when these rewards going to be given out, when the crowns are going to be given out. And he describes it as panoramic and the stairst steps where one would have to rise and ascend. And to me it's descriptive of that judgment seat of Christ, that raised place, this panoramic. Everyone can see this moment in this time. And I was standing over back to one side and I was just standing there, never an idea I had to walk them steps. I was standing there and I'd see a recording angel would call a certain name. And I recognized that name. And I looked way back out there and here come the brother walking or the sister walk up there like that. The recording angel there by the side of Christ. He says just a dream. Now I think he's wanting to recognize the symbolism of it and not the literalness. He says and watching and their names were on there and I found in the book of life he'd look out over there and say it is well done my good and faithful servant. Now enter in. It's a moment of validation. It's a moment of reckoning. Well done. You did it. Come up. Receive this. I looked back where they was going and there were new there was a new world and the joys. It said enter into the joys of the Lord that's been yours since the foundation of the world. And he talked about, "Oh, it's wonderful. I see people jumping up and down and to hear another name called. Oh, I know him. THERE HE GOES. WATCH HIM GO. ENTER IN THE JOYS OF THE LORD. OH MY, PRAISE GOD. JUST THINK." Just like they would say, "Orman Neville." And then that's old brother or Neville. There he is. And that's been prepared for you before the foundation of the world. Enter in. Oh, brother Neville just changed and just start back in there screaming and hollering. Boy, I would just shout AND SAY, "GLORY TO GOD." standing over here by myself having a wonderful time watching my brother go in and a recording angel stood and said William Brandham and I never thought I'd walk have to walk that so then I was scared I thought oh my like that hi brother Brandham God bless you brother Brandham pat him as I go saying how he is he's going through the great big crowd getting called up God bless you brother Brandon God bless you brother I was going thank you thank you thank you like coming out of a meeting or something you know and I was going to have to walk the these great big ivory steps and I started walking up through there. Just as I made the first step, I stopped and I looked at his face and I thought, I want to get a good look at him this way. And he stopped. It was his moment to answer. It was that time when crowns were being given out and he just stopped and he says, "I want to get a good look at him." Because this was his day of reckoning. He had a dream of that time. He said he would answer. And that moment that he would stand before him and have to answer. And that was the moment. He says, "It's just a dream now. It's just a dream." But he knew in the dream what it was referring to is that time when we'll all be gathered together to meet the Lord in the air and we'll stand before the judgment seat of Christ and receive our crowns. And so John writes in 1 John 2:28 says, "Now little children, we'll maybe use start with this the next time. abide in him that when he shall appear we shall have confidence and not be ashamed before him at his coming. What is it referring to? They that abide in him bring forth much fruit and there will be no shame before him at the judgment but we will have a reward. I'd like to invite the musicians to come.
