################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-01-11 - The Year in Preview What is God's Will for Me This Year Pt. 4 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-01-11
Title:   The Year in Preview: What is God's Will for Me This Year? Pt. 4
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mZUnOBa4J8
========================================

Description:
The Year in Preview: What is God's Will for Me This Year? Pt. 4
Wednesday Service: January 11, 2023
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
We're looking at the year in preview and asking the question, what is God's will for us this year? And I do believe that we can know God's will because and we can know the things that we're going to be doing this year in in a general sense and even in some specific ways uh because there are specific things that God has outlined uh that are his will for us. And in that way, it's a plain path. It's something that's been set and determined. These are constants that we can identify. And it's because of that that I'm using the phrase the year in preview that that we can look at these things and say, "Yeah, you want to ask me what I'm going to be doing this year." There's certain things that we can say that we're going to be doing. And it was on Sunday. I'm just going to use a couple statements from Sunday. And I'd like to read out of uh Hebrews chapter 2 part two where brother Brandham is referring to the widow of Zerapath and how that she baked uh that meal for God, that cake for the prophet first. And in doing so, there was provision and God provided. And we see that in that example. And as he has telling us we need to put God's first, I like to say that if we put God's first uh put God first, he will make provision for all the things that this year demands. And if you're budgeting, if you're thinking about how are we going to have enough to do this or we're wanting to go on vacation or wanting to do these different things, if you'll just put God first, he will give provision to meet all the things that this year will require. And he says, 'Oh, we need to seek the will of God. Not the favor of your neighbor, not the favor of your children, not the favor of your husband or your wife, but seek the will of God and do that first. Then everything else, the will of the wife and the will of the children will fall right in with it. But place God first. I think this is something we can bank on. This is something we can count on that God has promised us that if we put him first as Jesus even says in Matthew chapter 6 that if you seek ye first the kingdom of God and his righteousness and all all these things whether it be provision and shelter and food and clothing and I would even say happiness and pleasure will be added unto you. But you've got to seek God first. And and he puts it in this way, seek the will of God first. And I know for some of us, we're seeking the will of God. we wanting to know uh should I change this or should I should I do this and it can be very very specific in terms of where we live or where we go to church or what job we have or what job we pursue or whether or not we um take certain options that are made available to us. There's a lot of specifics that can weigh us when it come weigh on us when it comes to God's will. But there are things that we can seek that we know are his will and that's what we're trying to emphasize. And we've used these six things. We'll just go through these two slides very quickly. Uh, attend church, contribute tithes and offerings, and support missions. This is God's will for us this year. These are things that we can say or thus sayeth the Lord. They're very clear in the message of the hour, very clear in scripture. These are three things that we can be doing. We can be putting our heart into. And as we set it up last Wednesday, these things kind of we would recognize um of attend church, contribute tithes and offerings, and support missions. If you want to go back to that other slide, these are things that we could recognize have a lot to do with what we're doing right now and say, "Well, that's our Sunday morning, that's our Wednesday night, and all the other opportunities that are afforded to us to make contact with these things." And so, we realize there's a lot of more time, a lot other areas in our lives uh that come under the umbrella of the word of God. And that's what we see in this next slide. Sanctify your home, gather around the word, and live for others. And let me just say this because I know you've probably all thought about it. easy to list, right? Easy to remember six things, but harder to choose, harder to do. It's not always easy. Um there's some in each one of these situations have unique challenges that makes it harder than for somebody else to do it. Uh if you are, I would say if you're living on your own and you have your own apartment or have your own house, uh I think it would be easier to sanctify your home. But then someone may say, "Well, no, it's even harder." Uh but I've witnessed the influence of roommates. I've witnessed the influence of other people in a home and different ideas from spouses and things. And so some of these can be harder for some, easier for others. But it's these each one of these things are something you have to choose to do and even labor to do. But in doing it, it's not an investment in church. It's not an investment in natural things, but it's an investment in your spiritual well-being. And it will pay dividends when you put God first. Now, I want to touch on Isaiah chapter 32 17 and 18. And this is uh summarizing some things from last time that we covered on sanctify your home. We will get to a large portion of gather around the word this evening. And what we emphasized in this and we use the the phrase applying the token as well in this that sanctifying your home is the act of removing influences a a and getting rid of stumbling blocks so that we can achieve a safe distance from the world. And that's what the home should be. It should be a sanctuary. It should be a place of rest. It should be a place of respite from the world. And that's one of the downsides of working at home because then you don't get that distance from work in some ways. But when we come home from work, we come home from school, we come home from the world, we want to have a sanctuary that doesn't have the same language, the same ideals, the same attitudes, the same entertainments, the same emphasis as the world has. And so home should be a sanctuary. And this description here, I believe the way we put this is when we read this, this is what we ought to make our goal and measure everything we seek to possess and everything we do by it. Like this is a goal. We evaluate things that we allow in our home, things that we pursue as entertainments, things that have uh some place in our lives. We ask, is there a limit to where it's no longer meeting this governing priority? And the work of righteousness shall be peace and the effect of righteousness, quietness, and assurance forever. and my people shall dwell in a peaceable habitation and ensure dwellings and in quiet resting places. This is what we want to achieve for our homes. This is a description that we would like to have for our families as they dwell in their homes. And so, this is something that we can make a goal and we're using this scripture as part of the idea of sanctifying our home, applying the token as we took from Ephesians 4:27. Neither give place to the devil. And that means you're not giving him any spot to move, no place to work from. If you take away all the the occasions from the devil, makes it much harder for him to impact us. And so there's way things that we need to identify, things that we need to recognize. Uh and I like to use the phrase applying the token, but I think we kind of knee-jerk begin to think very very legalistically, but applying the token is God's wisdom. There's things that have an influence as yeast does and has a way of puffing things up and has a way of pervading things completely. So God knows how to protect us and we follow his program. We can protect ourselves from a lot of dangers and a lot of ills by following God's wisdom and applying the token. And if we could use it this way, I think this is how we used it Wednesday night. Applying the token is avoiding influences and avoiding the things that would turn our minds away from God's will or cause us to compromise God's will. Remember how we used it in the book of Joshua? uh ready yourselves and sanctify yourselves and consider your ways. We used on Sunday but he's talking about sanctify yourselves against tomorrow. What was it? Get rid of all the things that would influence your mind and intoxicate you to where you don't see God moving and you don't know when to act. And so that's the idea of sanctification is recognizing all the things that have a way of influencing our spirit and our attitude and our perceptions and avoiding them so that we're not unnecessarily troubled or inspired in the wrong way. Amen. And I I kind of being drawn in this area to talk on strongholds and I I don't want to take the time to do it now, but that's really what we're doing when we sanctify our home is we're taking any place that the devil can hide and use as a base to attack us, we're getting rid of it. It doesn't mean he's not going to attack you, but at least it won't be from within, right? Or at least when it happens from within, it's better hard it's easier to recognize because he hasn't been able to build a stronghold. Right? In Romans chapter 14:13, it says, "Let us not therefore judge one another anymore." And that's a mouthful. But then he says, "But judge this rather that no man put a stumbling block or an occasion to fall in his brother's way." This could be a guiding principle for a lot of us as adults. It could be as friends, brothers to sisters, families, uh, working amongst one another. But this is such a good scripture to use when we evaluate the things that we lift up in our home is we don't want to put any stumbling block or an occasion to fall in our brother's way, in our children's way, and our spouse's way. To say a stumbling block or an occasion to fall, it's to cause one to stumble or sin or the thing by which one is drawn into error or entrapped. We look for those things in our home. The process of sanctifying our home is the process of removing any fluence that would lead someone astray or cause someone to stumble or give them occasion to fall. We are under a scriptural commandment to use wisdom to comply with this scripture for our children's sake. Amen. For one another's sake. And I think this is something that we could think uh think about very deeply and spend a lot of time on. I want you to think about that idea of stumbling somebody or causing an occasion to fall because it's going to maybe it's going to be supported as we go deeper into gathering around the word. And so if I could summarize it this way, this is a preview. If we have this ideal that I want to sanctify my home, it becomes a preview of the fact that I'm going to be proactive and responsive throughout the year to anything that can influence my family. Anything that's going to be um cause tend to worldliness in my home, in my personal life, in my life as a family as spouses make that decisions. Heads of household make that decision. We're being proactive about worldly influence. We're being responsive to worldly influence. And we say, "Hey, this is this is what I'm going to be doing this year. I'm not going to let down my guard. I'm not going to get lazy. I'm going to be proactive in these things. So, I hope that kind of recaptures where we were on sanctifying our homes. Now, to move to the next one was gather around the word. These are things like I can say are God's will for us this year to keep our home sanctified and then also as family to gather around the word. If I could put it this way, let the word take the place of the things that you move out. There's a stronghold and and you kick the devil out in one area. Uh move in with the things of God. Jesus teaches us about the man who has cast had devils cast out of him but nothing taken its place created a vacuum for worse things to come in. And so if we get rid of something uh then we ought to kind of use the mind to know what what can we move in here? What can we replace it with? And there's a I've heard from a number of parents that raised children in in the message all these many different decades and the different things that they've tried and things that have been successful. And I think that we can be uh we can recognize that for our children and for our young people, there are a lot of things that their peers in school and elsewhere are enjoying and have at home and have access to that we don't let them have access to and don't let them enjoy. And I think we should be uh especially sensitive to that that if there's things that we in their eyes they may feel that they're deprived of, we should find other things to fill their life up with uh to make home a happy place and to have things that they can pursue and things that they enjoy. And I think there's a lot of things that we can do even in the sense of of of fun and recreation that we can fill our children's lives up with. So it's not just always you don't do this, you don't do this, you don't do this. And so these are things that we can fill up our lives with or pl find a place in our life as we move things of the world out. And originally I was maybe going to have three things that we could say, but I took three things and condensed them down into one thing. Gather around the word. And that's pray together, read the Bible together, and listen to the word. These are those are three things part of this one. Gather around the word that we can do as family uh and we can do as individuals in our own homes. We pray, we read the Bible, and we can be listening to the message of the hour. Now, if we want to look at, if we could, Matthew chapter 6, um, we'll just read uh verse verse 6. It says, uh, but thou, when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy father which is in secret, and thy father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly. He's just told us that the hypocrites and we could say maybe he's calling out a specific sect of people whether it be the Pharisees and the Sadducees and different ones who had a very public way of expressing their religion so everyone knew who they were and what they did. And so he's identifying how there are those who prayed publicly so that everyone could hear it, everyone could see. But Jesus identifies a more intimate devotion to where we ought to have a place in home where we pray. And we could use that to emphasize a prayer closet or a place that we pray and we read our Bibles. But I want to just and this is just all I'm wanting to take from the scripture is Jesus identifying a discipline at home that's not public, that's not part of public worship, that's not part of a group or an assembly. And we gather here on a midweek service. We pray together. We sing. We listen to the word together. We read our Bibles together. And these are all things that we do together. And then these are also things that we should do at home. Uh that the praying and reading our Bibles and listening to the word of God are not exclusive to just coming to church, but these are things that we should also do at home. And it's important to do it at home. Otherwise, if there's no reinforcement, I I really feel this way that we're not reinforcing at home what we do at church. at church, we're reinforcing what we do at home. Like that's like the way remember brother Aaron likes to live to eat. And that's not healthy. And so we we don't go to church. We don't live to go to church. We go to church to live. And so at home, we're not reinforcing church principles at church. We're reinforcing home principles. And so we're supporting you in in your prayer life and you're reading your Bible and and getting into the message of the hour since it's available to us. a lot of things that we're doing uh to stimulate us and to encourage us to go home and to continue to do these right things. Now, I have uh maybe a dozen different statements here tonight from the message of the hour that I would like to use and just weave back in and out of different scriptures. And I feel I feel that there's a way that we could make this point in our own language and we could use our own uh anecdotal experiences. But I believe the language that is used by brother Brandham in the 50s and 60s has even more weight today because we see where we've gotten because the the failure to do these things. And so if we could look at it that way and I hope that has a lot of impact for you as we read this in the sermon the Queen of Sheba brother says a lot of people many people today church members Pentecostal people Baptist Presbyterians can tell you more about the movie life than they can the Bible life. Hm. Interesting. Could we have some breakout sessions on this and and talk about which movie life our children can talk about what we can talk about more and we can talk more about not just the movie life but a lot of other things. And we can talk more about certain things, certain entertainments and certain social things more than we can the Bible. And then I know the next phrase might m lose a lot of you. He says, "More children can tell you about Davy Crockett or Gunsmoke or some of them than they can about Jesus Christ." Now, I didn't take time to find the list of the top rated movies or TV shows, but uh you know what they are, the movie series, whether it be Avengers or Marvel or DC or all those different things that just have the repetitive cycle of things always be and and and our kids these days and maybe even our adults knowing more about the Star Wars timeline than they do the chronological chronology of the Bible. Like, where did Job happen? I don't know, but I can tell you the return of the Jedi is here, right? and they know more about these things than they do about the Bible. They know more about the that they can if if fill in the blank did one for uh Marvel movies, right? They wouldn't miss one of them, right? But when you ask about Bible uh uh verses, you ask about things in the message of the hour, it's much harder to do. Is this true? It's true. Now, we don't need to say, "Oh, I'm telling you it's the uh it's the Illuminati, right?" And get really deep conspiracy theory on this. No, it just happens because he says because that's what they're taught in their homes. So we we don't need to get real uh you know mysterious about it. Just hey, the reason why uh you our kids can tell us what the starting lineup is of the Washington Nationals or what the starting lineup is the of their AAA team is because these things they have access to it and they feed on it and they hear it and their minds grab a hold of it. because I know there was a time in my life where I felt like I knew everything about every sport team and I could uh uh you could tell who the starting pitchers were, you could tell who the backup quarterbacks were. And uh and nowadays I I have to ask Elliott like who's who's playing now? And it's not because it's not because I don't read the box scores and and haven't seen some of these things, but my mind just doesn't grab a hold of it like it used to. And so what you recognize then is our children just do it because of the access to it. It's just it's what they read. It's what they hear. And and I'll say this in defense of a lot our our children. A lot of these things they know isn't because they've sought it out themselves, but they it's by accident. They hear their classmates talking about they hear the commercials. They go somewhere and and they eat and it's always there's always sound bites. There's always images and they they know what's going on because there's so many things around. So it's not that they pursue it, but some of it's just secondhand smoke, right? They're getting a contact eye on the things of the world. They're not the one actually doing it, but they're around it and it gets in their head. If you could recognize this about your children, their minds will grab a hold of what they're hearing and what they're seeing. And so, if we can make sure they hear and see the right things, it gets there, too. He says it's because of what they're taught in their homes. They're taught more about and they have more access to these different uh entertainments and movie series and ideas and action figures and a and gaming ideas and these different things. They're there and they're available to them. I'm going to read in two places in Deuteronomy. Deuteronomy chapter 1 18 and 19. I'm aware that we have used these scriptures before in a similar context, but just as much as this is a year in preview, some of you could realize this is a year in review because we're going over some things we've gone over before. Therefore, shall you lay up these words in your heart and in your soul. So, they have to be there first for us parents. They have to be there first for us as believers. And he says, "Then bind them for a sign upon your hand that they may be as frontless between your eyes." What an image. This word that is in your heart, it ought to be it ought to be before you. Bind them for a sign upon your hand that they may be as frontless between your eyes. And ye shall teach them your children. So this is our responsibility as parents. This is the responsibility as heads of households. Speaking of them what things? These words that are in your heart and in your soul. speaking of them when thou sitest in thine house and when thou walkest by the way and when thou liest down and when thou riseth up and it's essentially used this language is used to essentially say all the time. If you say well just it's only when I'm sitting and only when I'm walking and when I'm lying and when I'm rising up so it's in the in between moments is when every when every other time is. But saying that you ought to have these occasions. It's always appropriate that there's we ought to have these times in our homes at these different moments where we speak about it and we talk about it and we lift it up and we refer to it and it's this word that is not only in our hearts and in our souls but we've bound it upon our hands as frontlets between our eyes so that it's ever present with us and a reminder of the things that matter. Brother Brandon in the sermon life story he says let me see what you read. Let me go in your office and in your house and see what you read. And I will tell you what you I'll tell about what you I will about tell you what you are. There we go. We got it. I will about tell you what you are. All based upon the things that have existence and place in your home and in your office. He said, "That's right." See, everything's with nature. So, there's some nature to it. So, we recognize that there's a influence. There's a nature that can tend a certain way. It's important for us to recognize this as born again believers that there's this this old nature that is is dead, but it almost exists as a shadow that's always there seeking to influence us. And and there's things can draw upon that and influence us in that way. And we've got to really keep our hearts and minds sanctified so these natures uh don't cause us to tend to wrong direction, especially for the sanctity of our children's minds. He says, "And you keep the Bible laying close for your children. I it's said in such a way to where maybe you don't need the Bible close. But he says you need to keep your Bible laying close for your children. Read it yourself. Be an example. That's what I didn't have in my younger life, but by God's grace, I want to put that before my children. And if there's another generation, may they put it before theirs. And I would say we're probably another generation beyond that where we need to be putting it before ours. Amen. There's something to be said. And I think I've given this demonstration perhaps here before where if you're reading your Bible or reading the message on your phone to the observer, you're not doing anything different than anybody else is doing. And that's why I believe it's really important, brother says, have the Bible laying open next to you. And I think that's an example that we can seek to have in our homes as we have something tangible, something physical that's representative of the word of God that our children see as important to us. I think if you put a Bible and a a cell phone before a toddler or a two-year-old and you just set it out there as a social experiment and let them go, watch which one they pick up, you know which one they're going to pick up, the one they see you handling the most, right? Because you're the one that's demonstrated to them what has interest, what has value. And so there's something to be said about the thing. Uh and you say over there and am I just have to carry my Bible every round around everywhere around with me? Well, I don't know. If you can, it might be a challenge, right? Get a Bible holster. Uh, get one of those cute little things on the back of your Bible so you can always hold it no matter what you're doing, right? I'm just over here cooking, right? But I got this little doohickey down here, right? That lets me keep hold on to my Bible. Think about all the things we we need to get a rugged armor case for our Bible, right? Does Otterbox make a a an eternal life case? But these are things that we can do to have close to us. And I said, it doesn't mean that you have to have it on your person at all times, but even if he just took these as junctures where when you're sitting down, when you're when you're lying down, when you're rising up, these moments where our thoughts and minds turn to what really matters and you give context to the day. Even when we go out on recreations as families or you enjoy certain things, whether it be some sport endeavor or or hiking, there should be times when before you hike, you pray together. Before you go do something, you pray about it. When you're done, maybe you give context to it. you've gone and you've had a um some volleyball tournaments at the park and then afterwards you you talk about competition and you talk about the things of God and you give context to it so that we're never far from the things that matter the most. That's right. Brother Bam said he didn't have that example in his younger life. He says, "I want to put that before my children." And and I think that if I could say this before we go further in this, I I'm I'm counting on you as believers to make the honest application in your life. And and and and by no means be carnal. By no means just be real strict and legalistic because I think if you do that, you can cause more damage. And and so I think these are things we ought to give great thought to. Ponder it may be a good word to use since we don't use that very often. Ponder on these things. Think about it. give some consideration to it and make the appropriate application, an honest application. It's revisited in Deuteronomy chapter 6:es 6-9. It says, "And these words which I command thee this day shall be in thine heart." This is the most important place for it to be. It's not good enough that it would be in the message. It's not good enough that it's on a few slides that I can present to you. If these things aren't in your heart, you're only going to go home and try to do what somebody else is telling you to do. But if these things can be a revelation to you, these things can be just stirred up in your mind and in your hearts. Then these things that are in your heart, you can do this. And thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children, and shalt talk of them when thou sitest in thy house, and when thou walst by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou riseth up. Again, it's emphasizing these things are to be taught to our children, and be uh um we ought to be examples in these things for their sake. and thou shalt bind them for a sign upon thy hand, and they shall be as frontless between thy eyes, and thou shalt write them upon the post of thy house and on thy gates. To whatever extent they would have literally done this in order to cause themselves to be constantly reminded by of the word of God, we need to find a similar way where we are on some sort of rhythm and cadence with some sort of consistency and frequency bringing everything back to what matters. Amen. Remember the the major and a minor how that no matter where we where we end up on the scale, we want it to all come back to Christ eventually lead us right back to that key, that critical one, Christ. In the sermon, God testifying of his gifts, this is a much larger quote. I just for time sake, I'm just taking a piece out of it. He, brother says, I hope that in your home will at least one will read at least one chapter in the Bible every day and pray. Always do that. And that just gives you something really easy to to aim for something uh really I think simple to to account for that just in our homes read a chapter in the Bible every day and pray. Now I know what the tendency can be especially for those who are very sincere and this kind of quickens in their heart a and and they feel in their hearts oh you know this is something that I've let down. This is something that I could be doing a much better job in. and you kind of get the inspiration and then I think even if you get a little bit legalistic in it, you kind of find yourself uh wanting to uh you know to do this and so we're going to do this. We're going to read one chapter a night or at least one chapter every day and pray and you begin with Psalms 119, right? Because you're like we're going to we're going to make this count. Well, I I think that the idea is that to read your Bible and pray and to always do that, right? And I remember just by virtue of how um you know there's so much to be said about example and experience when we you start you begin to have a family and and you're very fervent in your own personal life. You love the Lord. You pray. You read your Bible and and for myself personally uh most of my time in the word would be uh is in studying and prayer for things for the people of God. And so there's always some a different kind of burden that's there than when I'm doing my own personal devotion. my wife herself had a very strong uh prayer life and personal devotion. A and then I found that in having kids reading your Bible and praying I had to kind of find the right approach because you take reading your Bible seriously you take prayer seriously and it was always this idea of trying to find the balance was like all right let's let's sit let's have family devotion and I want you to arrive 30 minutes early and pray right and you sit in your seats right and you you don't move because when we would kneel to pray the first instinct of all my kids you know under four years old was to climb on my back, right? That's the universal symbol of hop on when dad gets on his knees, right? And so there was times when you were you you had to resist that I grew through we grew through this as a family to where I recognized that the devotions it wasn't this time to uh you know get very very serious and create this atmosphere where we at any moment you know a whirlwind was going to come down a and and we would see the shikina glory but it was a way of introducing the things of God to your children and making a lasting impact. And I'll never forget how I was wrestling with just trying to find the right way to make it work. And uh Brother Chris, I think you were there and probably some others that may have been there as well, but we were at a a men's meeting in uh Tennessee, Carson Springs, Tennessee. It was a that bonfire devotion that Brother Mike Walls did and he's gather Mike, you were there. They a tremendous devotion uh that evening and he was just sitting around. He brings up family devotions. He says, "You know, when you do your family devotions, let the kids be kids. Let them climb on your back. Let them hop off the couch. You know, he says just it's don't make it all serious. Do it in a way that can really captivate their hearts. And it's life-changing event for me because I knew the importance and seriousness of it. Especially when brother says I, you know, I didn't have this example as a child. I want to put this example before my children. Uh family devotions, I was recognized it was very critical to keep our children balanced, to keep them connected with the things of God. And so this is when when that kind of clicked in my heart, there's a lot of things we begin to do as a family that made the devotions more engaging for where they were at that time. And these are things I I I think brother Brandham says it in such a simple way, an introductory elemental way that if you can just read your Bible and pray, that's good, right? It doesn't need a you don't need to do a full uh teaching on the seven church ages as a series. And I think that's something that we we're mindful of even in our Sunday school and even in our in our devotions that there's a way that we're wanting to captivate their minds about these things and we're not trying to take the place of uh of church. We're wanting to church to reinforce these things we're talking about at home. And there's a there's a basic way we can do this. And and in the sermon Elijah, he says talking about juvenile delinquency. It's a whole lot of parent delinquency. What the parents need today is to get some of them old beer cans out of the ice box out there. Take the cards off the table. And the church said, "Right, won't find none of them in my house." But you I think we mentioned this last Wednesday. Ask ourselves what has taken the place of the beer cans and the cards. Now, this isn't my chance to preach on Rockstar Energ energy drinks. I trust they're using a proper koozie to cover up the Monster label in front of your children. I I I this would not maybe have anything to do with Celsius or anything else like this, but just influences, right? The things that can intoxicate our minds and our bodies, the things that can stimulate us. And instead of it being beer cans and cards, maybe there is something that can have an applicable have an application in our homes. He says, "So get some things away and put the ri Bible, excuse me, the Bible right there and open it up and call the kids around and have prayer meeting." That's what we need today. Say this is what we need today is we need to have reading of the Bible in the home in praying in our home. what I'm what you say, well, if there's if there's if it's not clear by the end of the night, this is what I'm telling us that we could should do at home. Pray and read our Bibles together. Amen. That's it. I would maybe take it a step further and have that message plain on some way, somehow have that being uh uh have some opportunity in your home to lift up the voice of God in your homes. And we lift up the word of God by praying together. We lift up the word of God by reading to the Bible together in our home as family. This is something that we do in the book of Ephesians. Ephesians chapter 5 verses 14 to 20 as I as I run out of time here. I I'm going to lament the fact that I I won't I just I need I I want to share these things, but if I there's so much depth to these scriptures and I don't want them to be lost if we're we're very brief in touching on them. But he says, "Wherefore he saith, awake thou that sleepest, and arise from the dead, and Christ shall give thee light. See then that you walk circumspectly perfectly. Uh that's uh quite the goal. See then that you walk circumspectly not as fools but as wise. So the the the the proper manner in which to walk in order to try to achieve this uh to be circumspect would be to do it wisely not foolishly. He says redeeming the time because the days are evil. We can all agree and recognize that the days are evil. So there must be some redemption of our time, a redeeming of the time because of the evilness of the days. And Paul says it in Corinthians, 1 Corinthians, how that it remainth because time is short, we ought to give preference to the things of God. So he says, "Redeeming the time because the days are evil. Wherefore be not unwise, but understanding what the will of the Lord is." So in this way, we can apply our hearts to wisdom by knowing what the will of God is. in just these six things that we've been mentioning to you at the beginning of this year. These are things that are the will of God that we can be doing and these are ways things that we can have enforced inforce and things that we can be doing consistently and deliberately that achieve the will of God and speak of a wisdom. Be not unwise but understand what the will of the Lord is and be not drunk with wine wherein is excess. So there's your excessiveness, the lack of moderation, the things that stimulate our mind and our flesh, the things that intoxicate us and impair our judgment. That that's an image that we ought to have when we read that scripture. But be filled with the spirit, be animated by, be moved by, be encouraged by the spirit, speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs, singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord. This is what we can do at home. speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs. These are things that we can do together. As it says, speak to yourselves. It's not talking to yourselves in the mirror. It's not just having a conversation with yourself, but among yourselves from father to child uh to spouse to spouse, speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs and then you singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord. Amen. This is a practice. This is a discipline. I I love to hear it. Some of you brothers express um how you have uh transit times and you have you have your time that you drive from the office uh to work or maybe you're on a route. I think brother Caleb, you're sharing it with me in his route. He's got he he drives a route all day long and he gives an opportunity to listen to sermon after sermon, message after message. And that commuting time is a time that some of us give to I know brother Mike Alderson listens to sermons of brother Brandon when he drives makes his commute and that's a wonderful time uh to to listen to the word of God and as it says here sing to yourself uh uh singing and making melt in your heart to the Lord. These are times that we I think they become fewer and fewer. It used to be that the the easiest thing we could grab a hold of to listen to uh to listen to when we drive was a tape, right? But now we've got podcasts galore, right? Audio book books galore. There's a lot of other things that just real easy to get a hold of and kind of get inside our minds like, whoa, this is really good. I could I could binge this. I think I'm going to miss my exit, right? I I'm going to be late to work. I got to finish this episode. So, there's a lot of things that just seem to be a little bit more enthusiastic than just reading the Bible, but I'm not telling you to purge your your your cue for your podcast, but maybe slip in a verse or two. Amen. As a starter and singing and and making melting your heart to the Lord, giving thanks always for all things unto God and the father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. We can do this together as family. Then we have that personal discipline ourselves to do this. And the sermon, his wonders to perform. I if you're enjoying it, don't be afraid to just at least smile and just give a kind of a, you know, just even if you don't even say anything, just a I mean, I'll notice. I I I will I I might even kind of nod right back and kind of grin like, "Yeah, thank you. in his ser in the sermon his wonders to perform I know we read this last year he says the reason we don't have the spiritual blessings we can all finish this quote I think we have too much time to watch television that's good and too much time to read the newspapers or listen to something that we ought not to be listening to and I'm so glad he got very general with it because a lot of us uh fortunately don't have TVs in our home anymore but we have more on our screens than they did in the day when brother was calling it television. So, it's a reminder. We have too much time for television, too much time to read newspapers and not listening to the things and listening to the things that we ought not to be listening to. And we're not redeeming the time, but we're giving it to the things of the world instead of our time to the Lord Jesus. There ought to be a giving of our time to the things of the Lord Jesus. I'm not going to meddle in your lives and tell you that you just go ahead and email me. Share with me your Spotify playlist and share with me your podcast playlist and give me an opportunity to go through your media library and I'll tell you what's right and what's wrong and I'll I'll run an algorithm with the help of some of these brothers and we'll come up with an application that'll spit out the proper mix and the proper balance of freconomics and the sermons that brother Brandham preached. And and that's not what we're going to do. This is something that there's got to be a hunger in your heart. Amen. There's got to be some point in your life where you step back and say, you know, I'm kind of tired of being depressed. And so maybe I'll start to listen to something that'll lighten my spirit a little bit. A and and and get away from all the true crime podcasting a and listen to the truth podcasting of the message of the hour, reading our Bibles and praying. And so it's got to be a desire in your heart to do it. Something that you can do, a change that you can make and give your time to the things of God instead of all of it to the world. The world takes enough of it, right? And it'll take all of it if we give it a chance. So, let's fight to give place to God and to his word in our lives. In the sermon, the seal of the Antichrist, he says, "We have time for everything else. No time for prayer meetings." Here, here's a real pleasant phrase. The home's all butchered up. I was cutting meat the other day, preparing it, and I said, "I am butchering this meat." He's doing a good job. The home's all butchered up and the girls and the and boys are out are out going around. And what just struck me in this is how everything I think I'm actually that's another statement I'm going to read here in a moment. But notice how he says the home's all cut up, butchered up, boys are out going around. And what he's kind of looking at is this this fragmenting, this separation uh larking around over the country and mothers and fathers unconcerned. And yet message He says Pentecostal, but I think we ought to put ourselves in this. He says, "What we need tonight is a home altar in the house. A place where God where God where the Bible's read and children are taught the word of the living God." A place in the house. He doesn't just call the children back home. He doesn't he's not just castigating the parents, but he's saying in in the likelihood that the girls are going to run off and do this, the guys going to run off and do that, the children are going to be teenagers and they're all going to have their thing to do, bouncing around from place to place, at least have something in the home where we all come back to and gather around it. He calls it a home altar. Maybe we heard the phrase the family altar. A place where the Bible is read and children are taught the word of the living God. You should have that in your home, sir. That's not old-fashioned. It may have been done in oldfashioned days, but what I like to see are more throwback Christians, more vintage Christians. I love it in my life as I've gone through and traveled when I come in contact with what I call throwback believers. And they're young families, just young uh raising children, but they have this vintageness about them to where they want to apply the token. They want to have family devotions. They want to read their Bible. They're very leerary about the things of the world. They're watchful over what their children have. they they don't just let their children have um some of them don't even let their kids have screens at all or some of them are very careful about the access they have to screens. I love that kind of throwback idea about influences. Amen. But let's say that we ought to at least have a place where God has preeminence where the Bible's read and children are taught the word of the living God. Amen. Gathering around the word is a means of sanctifying our minds. Refocusing our goals I think is It's a recalibration. I think I think brother Michael Jenkins shared the phrase with me, fine-tuning in a way that we come back. Anything that's used frequently needs to be tuned. And our minds and our hearts and our emotions and everything are frequently used throughout the day. There should be some coming back to the things of God just to be tuned, be retuned. I know this scripture has a lot of depth to it and maybe would be is appropriate in a little bit different context, but I think it has some application in James chapter 4:8, "Draw nigh to God and he'll draw nigh to you." Brother Bam talked about when we we talk about everything else, talk about who's going to be the next president. We talk about this, we talk about that. He says, "But when we talk about him, he comes near. Draw nigh to God and he'll draw nigh to you." And this thought to me in having some sort of devotion and consecration and place where the word is lifted up says, "Cleanse your hands, ye sinners, and purify your hearts, ye double- minded." Just the thrust of that being to the double-minded. Maybe one who is a sinner, one who has divided loyalties in their soul and has not yet received the Holy Ghost. It still spoke to me that there is a there's a process as a believer that we can draw nigh to him, cleanse our hands, and purify our hearts. Maybe we're not doing it as sinners, but we recognize that we are trying to keep our child's heart, the hearts of our children clean. We have a responsibility a as dressers of their vineyards. We have the responsibility to watch out over their spirits because you are determining just how much is going to be in their spirits when God begins to deal with it. when their hearts and minds are at that stage where they ought to be making decisions for the Lord, you're going to have some responsibility for all the barriers and all the rocks and all the weeds and all the scars and all the complexes that the spirit has to deal with and root through in order for that word to penetrate. So, we ourselves will draw nigh to God knowing that he'll draw nigh to us. And then it in that process, it cleanses our hands and purifies our hearts. And by God's grace, we're creating a sanctification and a barrier of protection for the tender hearts of our children that are in our homes. Brother Brandham says in the sermon, the meanest man in Santa Maria, what a great title, the meanest man in Santa Maria. He says, you think of the modern American people. And he did preach it in Santa Maria. So it wasn't just like this weird outlier in Jeffersonville where he's you know you know getting really specific about some guy he ran into in Santa Maria but says you think of the modern American people. What is it? Well dad's down at the pool room and all us dad said right cuz none of us are at the pool room. We just brought it into our basement. I'm just kidding. Um we don't have basements in Phoenix. Uh but he says dad's down at the pool room. The idea is, notice, everyone has their own thing they're doing. Dad's down at the pool room. Mother's out with a some pet society somewhere on the beach stretched out. Daughter's down at the canteen or down at the rock and roll. Junior's got his hot rod out on the street. There you are. One, get a hamburger. There's no home life, no prayer life. He's he's picturing this scene. I think the maybe was one of the artists here or brother Joel this is something you could submit to one of those art generators the a the artificial intelligent just put all these phrases in there and see what kind of art it kicks out and that's the picture brother Brandham's trying to create if you imagine the dad's doing one thing the mom's doing another daughter's doing one thing the son's doing another and they're all just kind of off doing their own thing and maybe he picks things that we might say hey you shouldn't be at the canteen you shouldn't be at the pool room you know a mom shouldn't be stressed out on the beach junior shouldn't be on his hot rod on the street. All these different things we might say, but we all have our different games we play, things we listen to. And it's one of the things I I think there's a there's an upside to it. But one thing I'm very very sensitive to in our family is how we can just all have earbuds in. And so we can all be in the same room, but we're all listening to something totally different, experiencing something different. And that's how we're all alone together anymore. That's how loneliness can persist in our youth groups because we all have this we have this separate hidden life. So that when we're with one another, we're not really c present with one another. Our minds are thinking about the social circles. Our minds are thinking about this game. Our mind is thinking about this person and that person. And we're really we're together, but we're alone because we're not connecting because we haven't found the touch points. We don't share the same ideals. We don't have share the same enthusiasm for the right things. And so the picture that's painting here is in a family, everyone's off doing their own thing. And he when he alludes to one, get a hamburger. One of the things that we could say that is definitely becoming less and less common is the family meal time. And I know that's maybe um an evolution that takes place as families grow and children uh as they get into their teenage years and maybe they have jobs and they have school. But while we have the time, let's take the time to sit down together. Amen. The family meal is a wonderful time. It's it's a time usually traditionally where you'd catch up on your day and you talk to one another and you could share your feelings and you could have that camaraderie. But sometimes it's just eat so fast and get up and everyone return to their own little rooms or you could even just go ahead and put the label over the rooms. One's the pool room, one's the beach, one's the street, one's the canteen, right? They all just disappear. He says there's no home life. He says no prayer life. What is he alluding to? There's no family altar. There's no time to get together and where the word is the rallying point. Amen. Where you're it's a kind of let's all come together. Let's all put our devices aside. Let's all come together for a little bit and lift up the word where it's something that's valued, something that's pursued. And if I could say this, if if I'm if it's coming across in in a particular way to you where it's just not resonating with you, like even what my you know, what's his point? Is this still that same old legalistic clothesline way that we hear these things talked about? Um, I think that, you know, there's definitely a scarecrow, right? There there's a scarecrow when it comes to holiness. There's a scarecrow when it comes to applying the token. But just know that a scarecrow is only put up somewhere where there's actually life. There's actually something that can be taken. And scarecrows only scarecrows. Come on. So, as eagles, don't let any scarecrow keep you from this. Amen. You you get in you get into it and find the balance for yourself. You find the application in your home life. You find it in your own personal life. If you're living on your own, uh in your family life as you have the responsibility as a parent, these are things that we can do. And I if I could put it this way, if there's a this is what was in my mind, if the emphasis is somehow being lost or you're not sure where I'm coming from or to what extent you know what's is it an all or nothing proposition, brother Aaron, because there can only be two influences. I know there's a lot of ways our minds can begin to work. But let me just put it this way. It's necessary. And the reason why we find it in the word of God, and brother Brandham emphasizes it so often, reading our Bibles, praying, listening to the word of God, is necessary as a counterweight to the influence of the world. It's necessary even as like a counter measure as a a counter influence to worldly influence. Because the worldly influence is going to be there, the worldly things are going to be there. The worldly opportunities are going to be there. We have to accept that in the society that we live in today, some way, somehow, worldly things are going to find their way into our minds and do before our eyes and the things we say and do, they're going to have some access to it. No matter how hard you try uh to keep it out, there's going to be some way that our children and even ourselves are going to experience and maybe participate in things that have a wrong kind of influence. And so what we need is to have a discipline of having a counter counterweight to that that you can't you apply for a job and they they say well you know the hours are 9 to5 and you got to have an office and it's a kind of an open air cubicle area and you're like well just so everyone knows I'm going to be playing I'm going to be playing brother Donnie Reagan you know from 9 to5 just so everybody knows because I want to keep those conversations about worldly things at a minimum. I don't want to overhear uh uh you know, Taylor Swift coming out from that person's earbuds and I don't want to hear this and I and you say, "Well, that's just not gonna work. You're not going to be able to shout down the world. You're not going to be able to to to completely uh uh you're not going to be able to control every atmosphere and environment that you're in as a believer. I, you know, some of the people I think about who are very very legalistic about some of these things are the ones that have the biggest blowups, right? because they spend all their time in a war of attrition trying to keep the world out instead of recognizing, you know what, the devil's going to be ever present trying to get inside my head. But what I'm going to have is I'm going to have a discipline of counter having a countermeasure to that in washing my spirit with the word of God. And that's what I want these things to be is not it's not this uh in the presence of a vacuum of being able to get rid of anything that's Disney ccentric in my home and just it's a matter of knowing that these things are around. Should we not give God place as a means of washing our spirits? Amen. As it says in 1 Corinthians 7:31, "And they that use this world is not abusing it. For the fashion of this world passeth away." Paul is talking to those and he's using a language to say that because the time is short, it remainth that they that have wives be as though they have none. And he gives the principle. Why? because the times or days are evil and it's such a difficult terrible time that it's you you cannot care for the things of the world how you can please your spouse but you've got to put God first that's kind of the emphasis here in this chapter and then he's talking he continues and say they that use the world and that that speaks to those who have who have the world and have access to the world and those that have abundance of certain things and those that have I think it speaks perfectly to Leodysia it's saying you that have the world you have money you have amenities, you have technologies, you have things that you can use and you that have to use the world, don't abuse it. Speaks of the overuse or the lack of moderation of worldly enjoyments. He says, "Don't abuse it." And and if I could say it this way, the abuse isn't in hurting the device, but the abuse is because it hurts you. Where there's abuse, there's pain that's being inflicted. So, we can use things to our own detriment. There's a point where we use it, but there's a tipping point where now it becomes abusive to our own spirits. It becomes abusive to our families. They that use the world, don't abuse it. We may use it, but don't take your fill of it. Let's not get our fill of the world. Let's have that uh that response as they talk about the certain receptors in a in a person's gut when they're eating. Some of us just eat way too fast and it doesn't give a chance for our receptors in our body to say, "You're full. That's enough." Stretch receptors, is that the one we're talking about? And and so there's a way that we need to have kind of our really healthy and robust and active and primed uh stretch receptors that know this is enough. Enough's enough. This it's time to put it down. It's time because we don't want to get our fill of the things of the world. And I would love to become be get very very very specific with you. And I think again though these are things that you have to be uh mindful of, but there's so many things I'm pondering that could be used as um specific examples. But these social environments that and and I say social environment just to talk about what our typical uh day would look like in terms of things that we interact with and the things that we used. But our environments are just designed to stimulate our pleasure center. They've even they've gified the shopping experience, right? to where you want to get your fuel points. A and and they and they've gified so many different normal everyday things that we would just normally do, but now there's a badge to be won, right? And now there's a check-ins to be done and there's certain certain things that you have to do to get the stars, to get the points, and it's a gamifying of just daily normal activities. And what it speaks to is how that just about everything that we engage in anymore has some sort of element of trying to stimulate the pleasure center so that you keep coming back to it. And that's the idea behind a lot of social media platforms. They want to do them in such a way where there's this repetitive uh checking back and punching and subscribing and clicking and following and tapping and swiping. There's a way that they want it to be triggering this sense of reward and earning incentives while you engage in it. And it's all because of the way that the human mind works and then capitalism recognizing capitalism recognizing it, right? And and and using it to our own detriment. And the they find this is where I could just demonstrate this on a number of levels, but video games trigger an addictive response in the mind. You all listening? Video games have the same trigger the same response in your mind as a cocaine addiction. And the cocaine addicts get quiet real quick. Has the same trigger. Listen, think about it. Playing video games, right? Just on my phone having some fun with my thumbs, right? And it's going to trigger fires the same neurons in your mind as a person who's addicted to cocaine. And right, just think about all the fun things we'd have to say about brother so and so if we found out he was a crack addict, right? We would vilify him and run him out of town. And you're over there going, "Man, I can't wait till I can get home, play some Clash Corral." Right? And you're doing the same thing about video games. I know you're laughing, but it ain't funny because that's how it's work. That's how it works these days. Our mini devices, our iPads, our cell phones, our Androids, our Blackberries, you name it, have got us in a pickle of addiction. And it's these soft addictions where it's just, oh, it just starts out ever so innocently, right? It starts out it's like, ah, you know what's $9.99 for a new box, right? Or whatever it is, crate, whatever they're called. I think my kids are getting on me because I didn't know what it was called. Bin, crate, shuttle, bag, whatever it is. And what you I just it' just be it' just be 10 bucks, right? What's $10, right? But before you know it, you don't have any filter anymore. Because you're acting like someone who you you're you are literally addicted to it. And you don't think about that when you got to watch the next episode. You don't think about that when you've got to watch the next u the sequel. You don't think about that when you've got to fire up the game. But it's happening to us. And soft addictions become hard addictions through these incentives. And it's in the apps, it's in the games, it's in the movies, it's in the television series, it's all in there as that hook just to keep pulling you through. Haven't you ever noticed it, some of you who've been watching that those soap operas for the last 40 years, that the drama never resolves itself, right? There's never, you know, there's never, it's not like the country song where in the end you finally get your wife back, your dog back. Wait, no, that's if you play it backwards. But there's there it's not like there's something resolves itself. Oh, finally they won or it happened. There's always and you know it stops, right? And next time on and you're like I've got to wait till next season. It's a hook. It's a hook. I want you to really really give some weight and thought to this. Brother Bram says in the message on Certain Sound because you might think, "Ah, well that's really cute, Brother Aaron. make good stand up at a youth meeting. Um, but I want you to think seriously about it because in the sermon uncertain sound, he says home life is uncertain. Now, just catch the image of this. A man can marry a nice little woman, get her back out of the country here where she's not polluted. So, I think we ought to be thinking about he's somebody who has not been exposed, right? There's no internet, there's no television, there's no cell coverage, whatever. You just find somebody out in the middle of nowhere who's not polluted. take her into home and set a television in there and the first thing you know you come home and she's acting like some of these movie stars. It's just the principle of influence. It's the principle of what you set before you. It's the principle of what is centered a and what they have opportunity to feed on. Here's one who never had any any influences and a particular upbringing and you set her before the television. Set her before the things that are projecting images that has an influence behind it. says it's just a matter of time before she's acting like the movie stars, right? And she doesn't have a history of it. It's just the nature of the influence. And so we we say, "Well, like we we we're all grown up in the city, right? You we're here. We're here in the big city. At least we come to the big city for church and and we're being exposed and we go to public school and we have our cell phones, we have devices, we have all these things around us. So maybe it's too late just to keep us out in the country somewhere and keep us from being polluted. So then we ought to just kind of recognize, whoa, think about all these influences and who am I acting like, right? I I notice it in my boys that whenever they score a touchdown or they they dunk on the six-foot goal when they lower it all the way that there there's there's there's certain things they do, right? It's a shame when we see our young people doing the gritty after they score a touchdown, but they've seen the image before them, right? They've seen it. They they they they pick up on it and then all it takes is for one of you who was all up on TikTok doing the latest fad dance to do it at church before somebody else is doing it and they have no idea what they're doing. I was even told that a pastor was flossing on the platform cuz he didn't know what it was. And these are things that get that influence. YouTube celebrities, all the trends that we see on Tik Tok, the Instagram influencers, whatever they call them, the gaming personalities, and oh, you just want to enjoy this, we want to participate in this, we want to enjoy these things. But it becomes an influence. And you say, well, whatever happened to your series on the year in preview? I'm on it right now. Maybe it's a little bit of review for some of us. And what we're wanting to do is think be forward looking like all right that kind of gives some context to what 2020 became and 21 2021 turned into. So let's kind of half take a half step or do a take a a corrective measure and recognize these influences that cause us to begin to act. Us as adults, not even just our children, but we as adults start mimicking and pariting the things that we feed on. And so with time being so short, it's critical that we find time to gather around the word of God. doing these things at home. And I believe as I've used some modern references and language that's very particular, I want you to recognize that praying and reading our Bibles, listening to the message of the hour will become an an important protection against the influence and the excess of the world. because I I might have my own personal convictions on some of these things and I might have a particular standard that I would want to hold in my home and and I could try to get all of you to whatever if if we have these kind of games or we watch these kind of movies. I could try to just kind of get this baseline. We're all doing the same thing. But I think what would be better is to point you to the word and start giving that place and giving that an opportunity. And I believe you'll find that the appetite your children give to worldly things, they can begin to give towards things of the word. Amen. Let me close on this lengthy quote from the sermon fellowship. Says, "Job, I think about Job that day as a dad. He had a bunch of children. They were kind of weward and he was always thinking of his children. Wouldn't it be a lot better if all the church members of Chicago had the same kind of an idea about their city? you wouldn't have no juvenile delinquency. You wouldn't see these riots and things that they have here today, shooting, killing, stealing, rape, and all these things. It's because the people are unconcerned about their children. The first thing they say, "Well, I'll put them on the cradle roll when they're little." Turn the rest over to the Sunday school teacher. Cradle roll, I think, has different applications and denominations, but put on one when you're baptized or dedicated, different things. They put all the little kids on a a registry at the church. He says, "Just turn it over to the Sunday school teacher and her out at a dance maybe all night. Come in fixed up like some she's going to a circus instead of a church and put your children in the hands of something like that." Mother's shame on you. He's talking about the even the Sunday school teacher failing to have the right kind of influence. And he says, "You ought to put that child that's in need down there and read the Bible. Lay your hands over on their head. call out to God, God be merciful. Spare my daughter, my son. I'll never forget maybe one of the first times just that I saw a mother pray with her children. I was with, it was here in Phoenix, maybe it was Poria with brother John Andes. We're going back a long time. And uh Sister Sharon Andy's was putting uh putting the two boys to bed and she just took them and begin to pray. Pray with them a prayer over them. Such a powerful prayer. And that's that's the image. That's the image that Brother Bram's referring to that we would take our children, we pray over them, call out to God, God, be merciful, spare my son, spare my daughter. That's what we ought to be doing with our children is praying for them. He says, I love to do it. taking them little girls of mine there, setting them down there and just look in their little eyes, listening, their ears listening, their eyes looking on. I tell them about all about Jesus and how he loves them and things. He starts as he talks about how they're they're there, they're listening, they're they're paying attention, they're interested in says they'll kneel right around the chairs and pray just like the rest of us because they're taught to do that and they have a desire to to even uh do what the parents are doing. That's where we want you to do it, isn't it? That's the way many of you do it. That's what you should do. I went into many a home and the children are all gathered around for family prayer always. God bless that family. That's the tithe that binds. If you did that in your home, there wouldn't be so many divorce cases and things going on the way there is. You'd have fellowship with each other. You'd have fellowship with each other. That's where our fellowship can begin with our children is around the things of God. And that's what we can do this year. This can be a preview of what's going to be in our homes. There's going to be gathering around the word. Let's stand together this evening.
