################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-02-26 - Judgment and Rewards Part Six (Crowns) - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-02-26
Title:   Judgment and Rewards Part Six (Crowns)
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a9pmBmm4vdc
========================================

Description:
Judgment and Rewards Part Six 
Crowns
Sunday Service: February 26, 2023
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Uh the overall subject is judgment and rewards. The very specific subject this morning is that of crowns. And I will say this as we begin um if I could put it this way, this is the sixth service that we've um had on this subject. And so I'd like to say that all of these services are building um and each one kind of builds together and adds adds to I remember in uh my undergraduate uh work I remember taking accounting and and I thought I wanted a minor in accounting and um in that first semester of accounting I missed a few classes and showed up one day and didn't understand anything that was taking place and learned very very quickly that with um some subjects um each thing builds and builds and builds and it's not like you can just miss a week or miss a few services or miss a few classes as it was and um and be able just to kind of understand where you're at. There's some things that build and I'd feel that way about this subject although I do believe each service can be taken in itself and enjoyed but for to really uh kind of understand the heartbeat of the inspiration behind this. I think these services are building and building up and each one uh um you know complements the other and uh many of the quotes we've already shared from the message of the hour and many of the scriptures are being tied in and so we may not read them today. We may not even be able to refer to them very quickly uh but they're kind of all being tied in. So hopefully you can recall some of the uh the many statements we used at the outset to show this concept of of rewards for the believer. And I think there's today even as we continue in this there's a really a tremendous principle that uh as for me I can just say it's just stirred up my love for Christ all the more. Now, um, last Sunday we spoke on the day of reckoning. And in looking at the day of reckoning, we're just talking about that moment where we answer that time of accountability. Uh, where where we're going to answer for our particular calling and our responsibility as God has blessed you and given you things and distributed to you talents and gifts and responsibilities and and things that you have oversight over. uh even as a believer and as a Christian, there's that moment or that time where you're going to answer for what you did with what you received and what you were given. And so the day of reckoning is that that bema, the judgment seat of Christ, as we call that, as we see it in the scripture in Corinthians and in Romans, that it's that moment in time when we uh when our works are judged and as our works are judged, they're tried as if by fire. And the ones that stand out and the ones that remain, uh there's a reward for that service and there's a reward given. And in the sixth seal, brother Brandham uh makes this statement. This is how we're just able to transition very quickly into the subject of crowns. He says, "I dreamed about a month after that that I was standing one day and I was watching the great time that." And so you can see he's thinking of a in my mind he's thinking of a a a j a throne and a great time, a tremendous time. And he wants to distinguish it from the white throne judgment. So he says, "Not the judgment." Now he says, "I don't believe the bride goes to a judgment. But I was there when the crowns was being given out." And he described how there was a recording angel and there was Jesus Christ was there and the ivory stairs and it seemed to ascend, but everyone was where they could see and different ones were going to with this recording angel calling different names and Christ was there welcoming them. and and it had some language that refers specifically to some scriptures. And brother Brandham described this dream and he he kept emphasizing just a dream now. But I just want you to catch how he's acknowledging and referencing this time when crowns are being given out. So it suggests there's this distribution of awards or we talk talked about awards banquet, awards ceremony where this is a an award for faithful service and this is an award for looking out after this and it wasn't a judgment for salvation. It's not the crowns are not receiving eternal life or or sealing someone's soul or giving them salvation. But as brother Vanam even used the language, it's a reward for all of our efforts to please him. The things that we have done to please him and to honor him there at the judgment seat of Christ where all of our works and all of us will have to give an account as Paul said for what we've done with what we received. there we are rewarded for all of our efforts to please him and to serve him. And so um these remember it says this is when crowns are given out. I want to tie it in specifically with the eternal rewards that are available to the faithful saints. The eternal rewards that brother Brandham said that far too little time is spent laboring for um these eternal rewards. And in the church age book chapter 5 it says that each message to each age holds out an incentive to the believer encouraging him to be an overcomer and thereby rewarded of the Lord. So each age brother Ram describes it this way and I think it's really remarkable the way that it is described. Each age there's some incentive being held out uh to the believer and the incentive that's being held out is an encouragement. And I think the word choice is important. It's not um it's not the motivation, but it's an encouragement. We have uh we have other motives, and we'll even touch on it here in a little bit on how the Bible is even looking at what kind of is underpinning the reasons why you're doing certain things. And it's that kind of heart attitude or that heart purpose that God is looking at that what the thing that motivates you that God's looking at to determine whether or not he's going to reward you. And so he's saying that he holds out an incentive to the believer that encourages him to overcome. And in the book of Revelation, we see that in each age, he that overcomes is rewarded. And there's a reward for him that overcomes. And he says to overcome and thereby be rewarded of the Lord. And these crowns, as we're looking at the subject of crowns, the crowns are not the motive, but they're the means of encouraging the believer to labor. And it's a means of saying, "I know that there's a crown to be gained. I know that there's something to be won. And and I know there's uh in a true sense, we say, well, you have eternal life. You never have to answer for your sins. They've been judged in Christ. You're sinless. You're justified as if you never did it in the first place. Um you're going to live in eternity. You're going to be um together with Christ um in an unending age." And we would say, "Really?" And we'd say, "All right, I don't need anything else." in in in a true sense that that could be our our heart's response is you know what I don't need anything else if that if that's true Lord then then I I I have more than I deserve and there's a satisfaction with it but God wasn't happy just to leave it at that God says in addition to these things that accompany salvation um I'm going to promise you rewards as a means of not motivating you but encouraging you because your motive is going to be love your motive is going to be the grace that you received your motive after having been saved, you mean there's a way that I can show thanks? Let me have at it. There's a way that I can work for him. And so there's a uh these crowns that are given as this motiv motivation, as this incentive, as this reward. I I I I'll say this at this point and because I think it's a good time to say it. They're symbolic uh largely symbolic because maybe brother Benham even touchedes on it in different places where it's not that you're going to be wearing a literal crown. Uh and there's going to be some manifestation and some literal application of this. But I don't know that we ought to be thinking literally like a Burger King crown or something like that that we're all just going to be collecting uh in heaven. But there's a it's there's a lot of symbolism related to it and just exactly how that may manifest itself. I think that may be a beautiful mystery that'll unfold in the moment. But brother Brandham just says there's a time when crowns are being given out. And the details that I'd like to share today out of the scripture and even the emphasis uh is uh it's necessary uh to make this truth of judgment and rewards and the truth of rewards clear. A and I want you to be certain that God is mindful of what you do. And he's a rewarder of all all that you do to seek him and to honor him and to do his will. And if I can put it this way, to manifest him that where he is made manifest, where he's expressed and his nature is is is conveyed that pleases him because he has no means of identifying himself. He has no means of conveying himself. He has no means of being heard and felt and no means of touching and seeing except by your your body. as brother Jack mentioned on Wednesday night through flesh. He's going to be manifested. He's manifested through our flesh. And so I'm hoping to kind of unleash a real pure ambition in our lives even further uh that we could serve him with all that's in our hearts. And if you could just pay pay close attention this morning. I'm going to be reading a lot of scriptures that I know you're already familiar with, but if you could pay close attention, I want you to notice how the meaning uh I think it it's for me it just gets clearer and clearer, but the meaning is more pronounced when you recognize the things that are being talked about refer to something very specific and that it actually has application in in a future blessing or future promise. a a and that day of reckoning or that judgment seat of Christ, this future time when crowns are given out and that it's not in any way placing this category that if you do this, you'll get saved one day. And I think it's sometimes maybe misapplied a little bit. So there's scriptural principles that we can look at very quickly if you want to turn to second Timothy chapter 2. Scriptural principles of a crowning uh for labor, a crowning of service that is rendered. And so again, we want to recognize the timing of this, the timing of this crowning. Uh there are blessings in this life. And there's an application for some of these scriptures in this life. But then there's also one in the in the life to come. But the timing is after the rapture before the millennium that this is that time when brother said in this dream, it was the time when crowns are given out. And you can see this in scripture that we're all gathered together and we have to answer and be beyond the curtain of time. It's exactly what is mentioned that we're there waiting for when they would be gathered together to Christ and the person told brother Brandham and you'll be judged and he'll be judged with his people. So in second uh Timothy chapter 2:5 and if a man also strive for masteries it means endures or contends yet he is not crowned except he strive lawfully. So a man who who is fighting who's contending uh he is crowned. So, this word crown there, it means adorned or honored with a crown. And I'll admit that I had never taken um every scripture that I could find in the New Testament and studied out in detail. I'd never taken time to unpack a lot of this though ministered on this subject before. And I thought, you know what? I'm going to I'm going to look at every instance where there's a crowning or a crown or something is crowned a and and I was certain that there's going to be some maybe hidden mystery and some Greek word like you guys won't believe it. Uh it's using all the same word and it's and it's even conjugation of the name Stephen and it's that Stephanu and it's just referring to a crown which is encircled or adorned and it it's look thinking of something upon the head. crown of the head, something in circles. It's in it means to be honored with the crown. It says crowned, honored with the crown. And a crown is just the very same word. It's just referring to something that signifies honor or praised. A crown is a mark of royalty or in some instances some sort of exalted rank. And you'll find it referred to in the scripture and it specifically had this meaning at the time. women. It's even used uh precisely this way as the wreath uh that was given as a prize to those who were victors in public contest. And it was placed upon their head and the one wearing the wreath, it encircled the crown of their head. It was called a crown. Uh it was they were identified. This is the one who won. This is the one who prevailed. And so the use of the term crown in the scripture by Paul and these writers, it refers to the eternal blessings that are given as a prize to the believer who labors for Christ. And Paul is saying that he that strive for the masteries um he's not going to be crowned unless he strives lawfully. So this crown represents a reward. In 1 Peter chapter 3:es 8 and 9, it says, "Finally, be you all of one mind, having compassion one of another. love his brethren. Be pitiful. Be courteous. Maybe be pitiful will sounds like, "Oh, I could do that." Uh, but it means it's a little bit different. You might be like, "Brother Aaron, you do that. Awesome." Like you're pitiful. Says, "Finally, be of all of one mind." I want you to recognize what's being said here because he's saying, "This is the way that we ought to act." This becomes ambition to be of one mind. Have compassion one for another. love his brethren, be merciful or pitiful, have compassion, be courteous, not rendering evil for evil or railing for railing, but contrary wise blessing. So these are all uh kind of things that this is what we ought to do as believers. These are kind of measuring sticks in each situation. You say, well, are we of the same mind? And if someone's in a situation, is the way that I'm feeling for that person, am I having compassion or am I despising? Am I judging? Am I being too harsh? Am I loving his brethren? Am I being pitiful, courteous? Uh do I render evil for evil or railing for railing? If someone rails against me, do I rail back? Uh um do I do I render evil for evil? These are all tremendous challenges of one con one's conduct and attitude in Peter the whole underpinning of it and kind of the incentive for it is he says knowing that you're there unto called. So you're called to this. This is what you're called to do that you should inherit a blessing. and just inherit the blessings mean be celebrated with praise that if I am of one mind and I have compassion I don't respond to railing with railing and I don't render to evil evil and I do all these things that I've done then I will inherit a blessing or there will be an acknowledgment for a job well done and that may seem to be uh you kind of might be thinking I don't know about that seems kind of odd but the idea is that even in those quick interactions that you may have in those situations you come into where you know you did it right and you know you did the right thing there's a blessing for that there's an acknowledgement there's a praise that comes with it and brother Brandham refers to those different times where our actions are going to be played back right and and there and everyone's going to and these things are going to be played back and and you're going to have you're going to see the things you said and the things you did and you're going to have to answer and these things are be are going to happen you know there's it's a fearful thing to have that played back at the white throne judgment But if you just kind of invert a little bit or just kind of kind of do the backward reasoning, uh, when you stand there, there's not a record of your sin. When you stand there at the judgment seat of Christ, they're not going to be playing back all the lies you told. You be like, "Whoa, wait a minute. How'd that get through the filter? I thought we had lie block on. How how is how is this getting through?" You know, who's in charge of the IT around here and the security that that should Jesus, that should have never made it in there. I'm so sorry you had to see that. No, it might be in and symbolic symbolically playing back all the times you had the right word, all the times that you represented the nature and spirit of Christ. That's the idea that ought to be gathered from this. And Peter calls it inheriting a blessing. And Paul is saying that we will be crowned if we strive lawfully. So there's an honor and a praise to be received by the believer who conducts themselves in this way. As the Bible says here, compassion, one mind, courteous. And this crowning is not dependent on merely laboring, but also laboring lawfully, which would imply in agreement with the law or in agreement with the word. And I would say not just technically, but in the spirit of it. And so there's a way that we want to labor and we labor that is there's a fidelity with the nature of Christ. that is that not what you want to be to somebody else. We don't want to be the law. Uh and we don't want to be just ourselves and we don't want to just be technical and we don't want to just be um rigid and we're just doing it because well it's like robotic. But I want to be the heart of God. I I want to be the expression of Christ. I want there to be um some sort of inviting. even if it is in correction and even if it's making a stand I want to do it that even in my stand in my conviction in my willingness to stand for what is right that there's something that projects Christ in that and so there's a way that we do it where it's in agreement with Christ the word it's it's lawfully and this word lawfully means the a law or rule that produces a state approved by God so we are crowned when we strive or endure in a way that produces something that is approved by God. So even in what Paul is saying, it's kind of like it almost kind of states the obvious and everything begins to agree that we labor, we endure, we strive so that it can be approved by God and the approval is the crowning is the praise and how we labor and how again not just u how we labor. even go to so far as to say what our motivation is or what our attitude is characterizes whether our labor merits this praise or merits a crown. And again, I'm I'm providing a lot of these just so we can continue to build um the subject of rewards. I mentioned before that we did uh uh accountability and um responsibility and some of these subjects were just ways of uh using some sort of framework to bring in all these different scriptures instead of just kind of printing it out and just reading to you these things. I trust the Holy Spirit is weaving something together that's engaging. In Matthew chapter 6:es 1 to4, notice how Christ places this. He says, "Take heed that you do not your alms before men to be seen of them. Otherwise, you have no reward of your father which is in heaven. I in plain language doing your alms uh begats a reward from your father which is in heaven. Other words, this is something that they ought to have done, but yet it's still something that God promises he will bless and there's a reward. But he's saying don't do it before men so that you'll be seen. In other words, just because you did your alms, you did it to be seen and therefore it's not rewarded. Whereas you ought to have done it just because you were asked or because you knew that it would please the Lord. And if you had done it for that reason, therefore God would reward you. He says, "Therefore, when thou doest thine alms, do not sound a trumpet before thee, as the hypocrites do in the synagogues and in the streets, that you may have glory of men." So there's the recognition, the praise, the pat on the back. He says, "Verily, I say unto you, they have their reward. But when thou doest alms, let not thy left hand know what thy right hand doeth, that thy alms may be in secret." Kind of good for those of us who our left hand gets us always in trouble. But it says that thine alms may be in secret and that thy father which seeth in secret himself shall reward thee openly. Now taken together with many other scriptures, you can see that this this has application to that moment in time where everything you've done for Christ, though it may not have been noticed here on earth, there's a time where the father is pleased to honor you before all those that are gathered before the judgment seat of Christ. And as brother Brandham described it in the sixth seal, he says just a dream now. But it gave this image of your name is being called and people are patting you on the back saying God bless you. God bless you. A and for laboring this way, laboring that way, brother Joel, you there may nobody may know how many times you went to the reservation, but God knows. And there's a labor that undertakes and people don't know it and they don't recognize it and they don't hear it. But there's a time when he says, "You know what? Because you did it for the right reasons and not because your name was on a marquee, not because you you knew you would get get noticed for it, but you going to be rewarded for the right kind of labor." And that's I believe that kind of fits with this striving to lawfully. There's a crown for that. Jesus says there's a reward openly for that. Revelations chapter 23, it says, "And I will kill her children with death." Whoa, that escalated quickly. All right, maybe we should have just went with 23b. It says, "And all the churches shall know that I am he which searchth the reigns and hearts." Kind of that your gut. What's making you do this? What's motivating you? What's your inspiration? What's your ambition? What's your motive and objective in order to accomplish this what you see to be the word of God? And why do you um why do you do missions work? And why do you go overseas? And why do you share these things or tell these things or accomplish these things? I I just in my mind I think of all the different things that maybe we could do even to the extent that people said hey we cast out devils in your name we did many wonderful works and the idea was what it never showed up on my radar I didn't you know I said I I I didn't see it why because they honored him with the external things but the heart was tried and found lacking says I so I'll search the motive and the ambition the objective I'll search the reigns of the hearts and I will give unto every one of you according to your works. So, it brings in this idea that, well, he's going to judge your works and your work's going to be rewarded. But before I just throw out accolades for a job well done, because I see the the product, I want to also see your work. And and all those that take math, homeschool or otherwise, cringe when you have to show your work, right? And and you say, "Well, how did you get this answer?" Well, you know, I worked really, really hard. And no, no, show me your work. Well, I threw it away. I erased it. It was really, really messy. It's not just getting the right answer. Do you know how to get the right answer? And wouldn't that be great? Sometimes we I know that when it comes to fishing, it's good to keep a journal. I haven't done it in so long. I think I'm aging rapidly. That there's uh there's times when you catch a if you really want to catch more fish, you need to kind of be aware of how you caught that fish. Yeah. Right. You're like, "Well, what was the temperature like and what was the water temperature? And what kind of line was I using? And how was I working the bait? Was the moon underfoot or overhead? I'm telling you, it's complex. That there's a lot of things you take into consideration. I remember one time I went on a guided trip and be in our preparation for it. The guy said, "Ah, people make a big deal about color and you don't need to worry about coloring. You just you got to know this. You know that." He was really setting himself as an expert. And then the very first bank we pulled up to says, "Now, you really want to throw something with the red fleck in. It does real good on this." I'm like, "Great. I've wasted all my money." Very first thing out of his mouth, he contradicts himself. But when it comes to fishing, the more you learn from what produced an accomplishment, it's better to easier to replicate it. Same thing with recipes and cooking and all sorts of things. And uh and when you make your own rubs and you're smoking meat, uh there's a there's a product, man, really good. That tasted good. What's in this? You're like, man, I wish I'd have written it down. Yeah. And so, there's something to be said about knowing the the formula that really makes it work for God. And it has to do with our motive and our objective behind it. 1 Corinthians chapter 4:5. Therefore, judge nothing before the time until the Lord come. That that that's uh speaking to that day of reckoning. And there's a judging. Don't do it before it's time. You don't judge something. We have to be very very careful that we don't judge something too soon. Uh there may be some people may I I've I've felt this way for myself that you may look at my family, look at my children and you may be quick to judge me and and in my defense I might say don't judge me yet as a father. I'm still working on it. But even more, don't judge my children yet. They're still a work in progress. God's still working on them. And so there's a there's a thought here. Don't judge something before it's time. And then Paul says until the Lord come. Well, when would that be? It's the Bema. It's the judgment seat of Christ. She says, "Who will bring to light the hidden things of darkness and will make manifest the counselss of the heart?" And he says, "And then shall every man have praise of God." It doesn't make sense unless we're talking about the judgment seat of Christ where we will all stand before him and be held accountable and have to answer for our works. And it's then they just give you praise, give you the honor, give you the accolades, give you the crown, which is the acknowledgment and the reward for the believer who has labored effectively. And he's when he's doing it, notice he's judging the councils of the heart. Luke chapter 6:35. I hope you're able to look at these not just merely as amplifying lawfully and not just amplifying our motive and objective, but see that how they're referring to a time when the Lord will judge. A moment and an instance where our works are judged and to render every man according to his works and according to his motive behind it. Luke chapter 6:35 to me is another perfect example of if we conduct ourselves appropriately, God will honor it. He says, "But love your enemy. Love ye your enemies and do good and lend hoping for nothing again and your reward shall be great." Amen. The reward is and again I I will not I hope I'm not saying such a way to where and and that can be a danger for a minister. Sometimes you get kind of tunnel vision. You get so amp focused on one thought that you could be say in such a way to where it feels like oh well I guess that's it. That's it. No, there's there's blessings. you you reap what you sow in this life. And there's things that God will do and reward you in when you labor in this life, but the love your enemies, do good, lend, hoping for nothing again, and your reward shall be great. This applies even to that reward of the believer at postrature, new body, theophony, glorified body, united together, standing before Christ. And there's a reward for that. Remember was told to brother Brandham, a huge portion of heaven awaits thee. That there's a great reward that is in store. Your reward shall be great and ye shall be the children of the highest. Now, it's not saying that you will become the children of the highest, but you will reflect and manifest that you are of him who is the highest. Then you will by by loving your enemies, doing good and lending without hoping anything in return. It speaks to motive and objective. Again, says there's a great reward because you have portrayed and expressed the very nature of the highest because he says for he is kind unto the unthankful and to the evil. Again, it's mo it's in it's it's incentivizing and encouraging us to labor correctly to be Christlike and to manifest the right kind of attitude and judgment in every situation as we as much as we are able to and yield to because he says then you'll declare that you are God's because he's kind to the unthankful and the evil. So you ought to be kind to the unthankful and to the evil. And can we all agree it ain't easy, right? You know, it's uh it's uh it might be easier to just not say anything. Just going to bite my lip. Just not going to say anything. I'm just going to walk away. I'm not going to do anything. But this says to love and do good and lend. And so it's not just, you know, I'm just going to run away from this. I'm just going to keep quiet. It's actually the nature of God to uh when you feel that uncction when you when it's inspired and you know it's the Lord, it's it's the nature of God to do the right thing. Now, I hope that's a a good good part of the foundation this morning looking at these different scriptures that speak about striving and and rewarding and the crown. Paul says, "If we strive lawfully, there's a crown." Jesus says, "There's a reward. there's a judgment of your of your striving and there's going to be a great reward for how you strive and every man will have praise of God in that time in that moment uh when your your in motive and your objective has been examined. Now in the scripture um there are in the New Testament is what we'll look at. There are different descriptions of crowns in the New Testament and there's not much detail and there's some uh writers or com commentaries and different theologians that a lot of academic study on these things and I just didn't have the appetite for it. So I I never really delved into what other people had to say about it. But I studied the message of the hour still going through every instance I can find where brother uses crown and the conjugation of it and but in the scripture it's fairly easy to find in the New Testament all the different places that there's a description of a crown or what seems to be a specific crown reference and there are five different ones five different descriptions. Some break it out as distinct crowns. There's an incorruptible crown. There's a crown of life. There's a crown of righteousness. There's a crown of rejoicing and a crown of glory. But in looking at it, there's a way that you could just look at it as this is just symbolic language to describe all the same state of the believer in that blessed eternal state in a new body uh with eternal life forever. And it makes a lot of sense. Um but yet you see in each one of these instances, there's a phrase that's used for something specific. And so I'm not trying to create a very rigid structure where we have the the five crowns and and and you know, have you checked your scorecard lately and how many stars do you have on in in that ledger? It's not to create a rigid structure. But when you see that the scripture uses five different ways of describing a crown or five different crowns perhaps, then it tells you just how varied and just how much more nuance there is to scriptural principle than sometimes we get in our minds. It's like, oh well, the crown of glory is the crown of righteousness, which is the crown of life, which is incorruptible. And maybe there's more to it than, oh, if you've got eternal life, you've already been crowned with these things. 1 Corinthians chapter 9 25 says, "And every man that striveth for the mastery is temperate in all things. Now they that do it to obtain a corruptible crown, but we an incorruptible." So he's saying we which labor fervently, the word strive there is actually different than the one that he uses when he's writing to Paul, the strive for masteries. But the striveth for mastery here is a word that means labors fervently. And he that's laboring fervently has a goal in mind, an objective he's wanting to accomplish. So he's temperate in all things. And he's referring to the the competitors in games, in public games. It's like, I want to wear that wreath and I want to stand before everybody and I want them to know though there may be no value in the wreath. I want them to know that I was the greatest in this endeavor. So, I'm going to labor fervently. And in laboring fervently, it's not so much what I exert, but it's also those things that I do not exert myself in. So, I'm temperate in all things so that I could gain a wreath that'll fade and corrupt. And Paul is saying in the same way that these contestants and these Olympians and those that engage in these public contest uh train and train and train and restrain and restrain and restrain so that they can win a wreath. He's saying they do it to obtain a corruptible crown. But he's saying that we strive for the mastery not and we are temperate not for a corruptible crown but an incorruptible crown. Amen. It's literally an immortal crown. It's not the crown of immortality, but it's an eternal reward that never perishes because we do not labor per se that we might be rewarded with a new body. That's been guaranteed to us by the baptism of the Holy Ghost, but we strive for the mastery that we might receive what Paul says is an incorruptible crown. And so there's the the description of an incorruptible crown. The next one is the crown of life. In James chapter 1:12 says, "Blessed is the man that endureth temptation, for when he has tried, he shall receive the crown of life, which the Lord hath promised to them that love him." That's not a passive love. This is an active love. It's that love that would even allow one to endure temptation. So it comes back to am I enduring temptation because I'm thirsty for the crown or have I endured temptation because I love the Lord and thereby he rewards me with the crown. Blessed is the man that endureth temptation. That means he's patiently patiently tried and tested. It says for when he is tried completely different word. So it's not that blessed is the man who endureth temptation for when he is tempted. It's blessed is the man who undergoes that trial that that trial that testing that temptation for when he is approved. When he's accepted as pleasing, he shall receive the crown of life. So temptation is the earthly trial. The approval is the result of the heavenly trial. You go through an earthly trial and you suffer and you endure and you're bullied and you're trying to persuade to do this and you say no and you're trying to be intimidated to this and you say no and and you're trying to be encouraged to do something wrong and you say no and you you make a decision and you suffer or you do what's right and you suffer and all these different things are happening. It says when we've endured the temptations, there's going to be a time when all your striving and all your enduring is going to be approved by God. The Bible says he shall receive the crown of life. It results in a crown of life for the ones who are patient and withstand testing. Revelations 2:10, it says, "Fear not these things which thou shalt suffer. Behold, the devil shall cast some of you into prison that you may be tried and you shall have tribulation 10 days. But notice how God speaks to these faithful martyrs. But thou faithful unto death, I will give thee a crown of life. They have not inherited eternal life, and they're not being crowned with life because they chose to shed their blood, and that's how they're going to live forever. But is it not in addition to those who have believed and received his life and withstand even unto death that he says, I will crown them with life that you may be tried. It's tempted. It's tested. It speaks of this tribulation, this affliction and anguish. And those who are faithful to death, it says, receive a crown of life. So you have Paul referring to an incorruptible crown that we strive, we strive and we labor, not for the crown, but we strive and labor and we're temperate. And in that way that we live, God rewards us with an incorruptible crown. And then James writes that when we endure temptation when we we will be found approved by God and receive a crown of life. And then Jesus says that those who are faithful unto death, the martyrs as it's referring to will receive a crown of life. Brother Bam in the church age book chapter 4 says, "And I will give thee a crown of life." It's just quoting directly from Revelations 2:10. Now brother Brandham writes, "Since not even a cup of cold water given in the name of the Lord fails to receive a reward." Remember we read this? I I know you remember just exactly the moment when I read this in part one. I know. And it makes me feel so good. You're thinking, why didn't he read this in part one? But I did. I believe. He says, "How great shall be the reward to him who gives his life as a martyr for the name of Jesus the Lord Jesus Christ." So if God's going to reward a cup of water, how much greater is there going to be a reward for he who gives his name his life in the name of Jesus Christ? So there's this this idea of these additional rewards and this recognition of service. Perhaps we can get a small idea if we compare this crown with the crown one in a race. In 1 Corinthians 9:24, Paul says, "Know you not that they which run in a race run all, but one receiveth the prize, so run that ye may obtain." A crown given to the winner of the Olympic race was a garland of olive branches. So it's that encircles the crown of the head. But the crown spoken of here in the revelation given to a martyr is the crown of royalty. So you have the crown of olive branches. But now brother Bram contrasts the martyr's crown with the crown of royalty. So the crown of life is not just what we might think oh eternal life but it's a crown of royalty. Says Jesus calls it the crown of life. The one crown is for those who have striven. The other is for those who have given. Both crowns are incorruptible. they will not perish. Now, are you a little bit like, wait, huh? Because I was. And he's referred to the prize that Paul is telling us that we ought to run to obtain. And that's an incorruptible crown. And that crown is for those who have striven. Right? There's a one crown for those who have striven. And there's another crown for those who have given what? Given their lives. So, Brother Bam is breaking this out that Paul's referring to a crown, an incorruptible crown that he gives to those who strive, but now he's given he's talking about a crown of royalty and a crown of life that he gives to those who have given their life. And he says they're both incorruptible. They'll not perish. But one is for the striving and one is for the giving. They will not perish. The winners of the worldly race, however, race of life will lo soon lose the joy of the plottits of the world. Their glory will fail. Right? But those who have given their those who give their lives for God and then he says either by daily striving or shedding their blood as the crowning sacrifice of their lives will be given the crown of life. He says all too little time is spent on laboring for the eternal rewards of God. So recognize that the context of what he's talking about. There's a crown to be gained. There's crowns to be gained. the recompense of God is too lightly esteemed. If we believe in the reality of the resurrection of the body and an eternal kingdom of substance, then we ought to lay up in heaven those good treasures that are available to the faithful saints. The crown in Revelation is a crown of royalty. It's a crown of life. Paul, he's talking about striving for a crown. And he says they're both incorruptible. And if we strive daily strive, we give our lives and striving and shedding of blood. There's a crowning of the crown of life. Brother Brandham refers to the scripture 1 Corinthians chapter 9:es 24 and 25. Know you not that they which run in a race run all but one receiveth the prize. So run that you may obtain. Obtain what? The prize. He's he's literally telling us run so that you can obtain the prize. Make it your goal and your ambition. Make it something uh that you're conscious of. And brother Ram is saying too little time spent laboring for them and the recompense is too lightly esteemed. And we ought to lay up these good treasures which are these rewards available to the faithful saints. If I could put it this way, there's crowns available for you to acrue. And every man that striveth for the mastery is tempered in all things. Now they do it to obtain a corruptible crown. But we an incorruptible the prize is an incorruptible crown. Amen. So, we have an incorruptible crown. We have the crown of life. Then there's the crown of righteousness in 2 Timothy chapter 4 7 and 8. I think I can go a little bit quicker here because we've covered this. I have fought a good fight. I have finished my course. I've kept the faith. Henceforth, there's laid up for me a crown of righteousness which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day. What day? The day of the Lord. The day of reckoning, the day of the Beimma, the day of the judgment seat of Christ. and not to me only, but unto them also that love his appearing. He's literally saying that I shall receive a reward in recognition of my righteous conduct. He says, I finished my course. I've kept the faith. And so, it was my labor was just, my labor was right. My works, the fruits of righteousness. It's not the condition of my soul because that's his righteousness. But now the working out of that life in my life is now manifested and declared proper conduct, right attitude, good works and and abundant fruit. And my fruit has remained. And because I finished my course and I kept the faith and I was not a castaway, he has laid up for me a crown of righteousness, a reward given in recognition of a job well done or the right kind of conduct. saying, "In the day of accountability, I I'm going to receive a new reward of honor, a new reward of praise, not a new righteousness in that." He's already has that being justified. He already has that being sanctified. He already has that being perfected, but now it's a crown of righteousness. And and I do believe it's appropriate to recognize that it represents the crowning of immortality and a body that'll never die. That's a righteous body. It's a a pure body. But this crown of a new body, if I could say it this way, it'd be enough for us, right? I mean, let's just be honest. If God said, "You know what? I'm going to give you a perfect body." We'd say, "Sign me up. It it'd be worse than a a food line at a a youth meeting, right? Elbowing people out of the way." You know, we'd be I'm this is mine. I'm going to get it. And God is saying, "Hey, perfect, sinless, never going to die. It's going to be a perfect picture of health and everything." And said, "Hey, you know what? That's enough. You know, just let me be there in a perfect body." I be like, "Hey, hey, look at me." Right? But it's an up. It's not enough. God promises more blessings. I I mean, we know God's simple, right? God hides himself in simplicity. And God's very simple. But then, haven't you noticed as you've gotten to know him in his word, you're just like, "Wow, there's no end to this." And you look at the human body and we see how it it works. And then you start looking at the way it functions, like, "Wow, this is a beautiful mystery." And you look at creation and the stars and the planets, the human body and nature and everything, you realize God is so intricate and so detailed and his mind is beyond figuring out. Well, he's done the same thing in terms of what he has planned for us and and how that he recognizes and honors and uses his word to think that well I thought we were just going to have eternal life and I thought I would just have a body that never died and God says whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa I have not seen nor ear heard neither has it entered into the heart of man. can't even imagine the things that God has prepared for them that love him. I think it's a specific reference to these crowns and these rewards. So, there's your crown of righteousness. Then there's the crown of rejoicing. I think this is a um a beautiful one. It says in 1 Thessalonians chapter 2 19, for what is our hope or joy or crown of rejoicing? And this scripture even means more to me as of late than even how I've used it in the past. So I trust you you really focus on this because it's just a another a deeper way maybe even a more correct way of seeing this than we've emphasized in the past. Says are not ye e even ye in the presence of our lord Jesus Christ at his coming. There's definitely this takeaway that when he comes uh what is notable about that is being in his presence and there's a lot of truths that build uh to that in through scripture. But Paul's crown of rejoicing, he's saying, "What is our what is my it's the it's the royal we as it were. What is my hope? What is my joy or crown of rejoicing?" Paul's crown of rejoicing in that day in the day of Christ was their salvation. His crown of rejoicing. So he's going to have rejoicing. A and he knows that he has he has rewards. But now he's actually saying that at at the time of his coming when we're gathered together in his presence, I am going to have a crown of rejoicing because you're going to be in his presence too because I know your security in him and those who've been sealed into his body on that day when we're gathered together and I'm think about beyond the current time I'm gathered with my people. This is going to be a crown of my rejoicing. A crown of rejoicing rather is the fact that you're there also. the fruits of his ministry is another way of saying it will be a crown of rejoicing when they're gathered to Christ. And brother Brandham says it in a number of places. He says in one place if I ever have if I ever have one when I get there he's talking about a crown. He says you'll be the that jewel outshining part in the crown of my ministry when it's crowned you'll be that jewel. Think about that. That there's this there's some sort of representation of souls one and Paul recognizing these are my people. When the angel when the the voice spoke to brother Brandham said he said are these Brandhams? He says no but these are your converts. These are your people. These are gems and jewels and a crown. Paul says my crown of rejoicing is going to be the fact that you're there as jewels and gems in my crown. He says if I ever have a crown you'll be the outshining part, a jewel in my crown. He says another place, I know you, my people, my jewels in the crown. And a third place, and there's a number of places where he says, he says, there are stars in my crown. He says, the same way they are in your crown, my minister brothers. So, it's not just Paul or brother Brandham. A crown of rejoicing is those souls that you have helped win. Brother Bram even refers to it in one place and forgive me for kind of chopping it up and paraphrasing that that there is a a representation of a star in heaven when there's a soul saved when there's a a child that comes to God and sealed in the body that there's a star that hangs in heaven and is represent heaven. He says in your name wrapped up in it. You familiar with that? maybe using the language just a little bit differently, but see there's some representation that that's a jewel, that's a gem, that's an outshining part. And it's in that crown of rejoicing that's related to faithful service to win souls and to reach out to the lost. Paul says in Philippians 4:1, "Therefore, my brethren, dearly beloved and long for, who is it? The brethren, my joy and crown. So stand fast in the Lord, my dearly beloved." Think about what he's saying to the Philippians. He's writing to the people and he calls him his crown. Why? Because he knew that they would be there at the presence of the Lord. That it would be a crown of rejoicing. The people were my crown. Are you keeping track? Are we at number five? Who's taking notes? The fifth would crown of glory. 1 Peter chapter 5:es 1 to4. I hope we're building to a a climax here with you. 1 Peter chapter 5:es 1-4. The elders which are among you I exhort who am also an elder and a witness of the sufferings of Christ and also a partaker of the glory that shall be revealed. To me this even gives another way of re recognizing the glory that's to be revealed in us that is proportional or commiserate with the suffering that we have endured. That when we have suffered and we've taken it patiently that there is a weight of glory that's being accumulated. Right? Isn't that what Paul tells us? There's a measure of suffering, brother Ram says, left to us that when we take it patiently, that we're going to receive a a a glory. And so the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared, if I could put it this way, the the reward that we're we're going to receive because we suffered. You think about your heartaches and your sorrows and the things that you went through a and you come through it on the other side and you've endured patiently and you've had the right attitude. You bit your tongue and you've done the right things. Just think you've been acrewing. crowns, if I could say it that way, rewards. And so he said, "I want to be a partaker of the glory that shall be reveal revealed." So now this these are his instructions to elders. Feed the flock of God which is among you. Take in the oversight thereof. So you want to feed and take oversight. Now he says, now he speaks to the motive, not by constraint, but willingly, not for filthy lucer, but of a ready mind. Right? So notice how it's it's judging us much deeper and much greater than just wow, you know, bless God, I'm the pastor and I'm the one feeding and if you don't like what you're eating, then it's because you're feeding on too much of the world. It's no, there's just a there's a different heart and attitude that comes with it. And if that's the case, maybe that's what I do need to say. But he says, "Feed the flock of God which is among you. Take an oversight thereof, not by constraint, but willing, not for filthy lucer, but of a ready mind. Neither is being lords over God's heritage, but being examples in samples to the flock." Amen. Now I think this is this is tremendous instruction. Uh this is what we ought to look for in leadership. This is what leaders ought to hold themselves accountable to. It's a beautiful scripture describing uh a leader the difference between a leader and a manipulator. The difference between one that has a real heart of a pastor and one who just occupies the office. But it it's speaking to the shepherds speaking to those that take oversight. And and this is how you ought to do it. And and I believe that this can be helpful too in this regards. I I've been thinking a lot about this this subject matter in this way. U I I think I preached a sermon one time called was it God and did they have the Holy Ghost? Because there's times that things happen in our lives and they're very significant and noteworthy and then later on other things happen and go well was that even the Lord we start to question it. And there's people that have tremendous impacts in our lives and God uses them and we we're not questioning it was God, but then their lives to end up in a train wreck or they deny something, they do something awful and you start saying, "Well, was it ever even God?" And you start saying, "Oh, well, did they even have the Holy Ghost?" And I think those are valid questions. And so, do you guys have time the miracle of the cloud? Glory. I could probably pull the notes up right now. But I want to say this. This can help us to understand that sometimes we see people that God has used and we have confidence in them and they they've blessed our lives and we believe them to be true men of God. But in the process of time and whether it be failing health or mental problems or circumstances, they become hard and they harden their heart and become bitter and they become more like Sauls than they do uh um with the heart of David. And we we think we just want to completely write them off. Well, you don't judge anything before it's time. But know this, God will hold them accountable for how they led. That's right. And it's certainly true that the wrong kind of leadership results in this because he says, he says, "If you do these things, and when the chief shepherd shall appear, ye shall receive the crown of glory." Amen. That fadeth not away. Amen. This is a reward for the servants, for the stewards that lead correctly with fidelity, who have a heart for the sheep, who are leading in reflective of the nature of Christ and in harmony with his with his desire. So I think this just is a perfect spot to think about. Can you see this truth now that this is the this is the only place that this phrase is used and it's used of laboring correctly and if you do it God has reserved the chief shepherd is going to give you a crown of glory that fadeth not away. Amen. Peter's being very precise about this being very specific to you shepherds who can lead the right way. There will be a crown of glory given to you that fades not away when the chief shepherd shall appear. It's not that they again it's not that they finally receive eternal life or that they u ultimately receive a new body because of this but it is a reward. These crowns these five different crowns or descriptions are describing and referring to rewards that are available for the believers. It is in some ways I said it was symbolic and we have to kind of think deeply about this uh to uh to not just cabbage down on one uh framework but it is praise and honor some recognition for all of our efforts to please him. If you fulfilled your calling, if you if you did what you were responsible for, if you said the right thing and there's been times even you think about the the principle uh like sister Hadtie, right, when she said the right thing and it opened up a channel and we see the power of God working in that particular instance, brother Bam is there beyond the curtain of time and his dog is licking his hand and and his horse is running up to him and what did he he refer it to? Reward for my service, right? Like that was something that was a crown to him. It was a reward to him for faithful service. And in Job chapter 19:9, I know this is going to sound kind of harsh, but he says, "He hath stripped me of my glory and taketh the crown from my head." So notice how dishonoring or shame, being deprived of something is reflected in uh glory being removed, a crown being taken from a head, a praise being withheld, kind of a lower estate being represented by having his glory stripped and the crown taken from his head. that that helps us to understand that glory being stripped and a crown being taken away helps us to understand what's going to be added to us. Right? In the image of a crown Jesus even saying in Revelations 3:11, "Behold, I come quickly. Hold that fast which thou hast that no man take thy crown." These are the images of the crown. These are the things that are being expressed about these crowns. I believe this is these things relate to what brother B was talking about say is that time when crowns are given out. I'm I'm comfortable with uh my pacing this morning in the time that we're at. And so I'm going to continue Luke chapter 19 12 to 19. I just have just a little bit more here and we maybe I'll pick up on this Wednesday night. He said therefore here's this parable. A certain noble man went into a far country to receive for himself a kingdom and to return. So that's important to catch. A noble man is receiving new jurisdiction, receiving a new kingdom, receiving new cities. So he's a nobleman and catch it in the story. He's a noble man who has those who are with him who are who are his servants. But now he's going to go away and there's going to be a new kingdom with new cities. See, and this future kingdom. And now he's given this parable and he's going to come back. And he called his 10 servants and delivered them 10 pounds and said them, "Occupy till I come." So here's 10 pounds minus or however you want to look at it in the scripture. Occupy till it come. But his citizens hated him and sent a message after him saying we will not have this man to reign over us. And it came to pass that when he was returned having received the kingdom. So now there's this new jurisdiction, this new kingdom. And you also just I just I I need to go quickly here. He says, "Then he commanded these servants to be called unto him to whom he had given the money that he might know how much every man had gained by trading." And the day trader said, "Then came the first, saying, Lord, thy pound hath gained 10 pounds." And I almost instinctively want to say, "Yeah, amen." It's it's money, right? Thy poundath gained 10 pounds. He said unto him, "Well, thou good. Well, thou good servant, thou hast been faithful and very little. Catch this. Have thou authority over 10 cities." And the second came saying, Lord, thy pound hath gained five pounds. And he said, "Likewise to him." Right? Good. Good job. Well done. Be thou also over five cities. So, are we tracking the parable that this nobleman had had had he had an authority, had a domain, he was reigning. He put servants instead and they were there overlooking his affairs and reigning and he gave them each a distribution of talents to see how much money they would uh to see how they would look after it. And so when he came back what's happening is the the faithful servants are receiving greater stewardship according to the capacity that they demonstrated. Right? And he says to see how much they had gained by trading. That means thoroughly uh and and and earnestly undertaking a business for the sake of gain. Right? like he's he's wanting to say, "Hey, I gave you a gift. I gave you talents where hey, say amen if you want to go to lunch." I mean, what I mean is, "Amen me, right? You guys are awesome. Amen. If you want me to finish today, cuz there this is exciting." And someone said, "Amen." I don't know how to take that. I'll be honest with you. Um there there there's something so beautiful here. here. If we could just kind of get in the rhythm of this a and and and think about what Christ is wanting to represent in this beautiful picture that he's saying, I'm going to give you I'm going to send and I want you to think very literal about this. I go to prepare a place for you. He sends back his Holy Spirit. He gives gifts to men. He gives you the Holy Ghost. He gives you blessings in life. He's given you opportunities. But he says, I'm going to come again one day and there's going to be there's going to be a millennial reign. There's going to be new heavens and new earth. There's going to be a never- ending kingdom. There's going to be things greater beyond what we do here and now. He says, "But I'm going to give you these things and then I'm going to come back and I'm going to look at what you did with what I gave you." And their faithfulness was determined by that trading. Here it's the multiplication of the pounds and there was different degrees of future rewards, right? Proportional to the fidelity that they demonstrated in this in in that service. So he says, "I gave you 10 pounds. You've doubled it." He says, "You know what?" And it seem, it might seem kind of odd, but he's saying, "I'm going to give you stewardship over 10 cities." Now, just think now, think of what he's trying to show them, the image that's being expressed here. And I think this is the template that we can use to relate to judgment and rewards. As we read last time in Matthew 25, well done, thou good and faithful servant. Thou hast been faithful over a few things. I will make thee ruler over many things. enter thou into the joy of thy Lord. So the Lord has a joy. He has a dominion. He's inherited a new kingdom. All things are his. And he's saying, I have this glory. I have this dominion. I have this kingdom. I have all these cities and this responsibility. You've demonstrated to me and I can and I want to place you now in authority as a jointly with me over these things. This is the image that's being expressed. Amen. Christ is teaching that rewards will be proportional to our faithfulness with the talents he's given us here on earth with the things that we know are his gifts. He's going to reward us proportionally to how we use that gift. And those of us who have the gift of eternal life, those of us who have spiritual gifts and ministering gifts and gifts of the spirit and gifts in the body, he's going to judge us as to how we used those gifts. Amen. In Luke 14 12 to 14, then said he also to him that bade him. When thou makest to dinner or supper, notice again, this is the proportionality. Call not thy friends, nor thy brother, neither thy kinsmen, nor thy rich neighbors, lest they also bid thee again, and recompense be made thee. In other words, why do you invite the guy over to dinner who you know makes the best brisket in the church, hoping that they invite you over? Right? I know it's simple tonight. We're just having pizza, but I don't cook as good as you. Right? He's saying, don't don't be that guy when you make a dinner or supper and you you only invite the people that are prestigious or elite or make you look good. But he says, "Lest thou bid thee again to make recompense." But this is just speaking to the heart. I know maybe it means different things in these days than it did then, but the principle is still the same. When they'll make us to feast, call the poor, the maimed, the lame, the blind. Be charitable. Look out for the ones who aren't maybe uh what we might say the cool kids or whatever, the ones that have an opportunity. And you only invite the people over uh into your home who's, you know, who who has a nice home that you can be invited into. Say, look after those who don't have even the resources to host you, like the ones that ought to be hosted or the ones who can't host. Amen. And I'm not trying to make specific application to this, but I think God can do with your hearts uh as necessary if that is what even the Lord would do. But thou when you make a feast, call the poor, just recognize what he's saying, the mame, the lame, the blind, and thou shalt be blessed for they cannot reward thee. For thou shalt be rewarded. And I know I'm saying a different word, but this is what it means when brother Brandham said, "The recompense of God is too lightly esteemed." Right? They can't reward thee. They cannot recompense thee. When are we going to be recompensed? For thou shalt be recompensed? At the resurrection of the just. Amen. Why didn't I just read that at the beginning, right? It's just so clear. just so plain that there's going to be a recompense, a reward at the re first resurrection when the bride and the elect through all ages are raised and and we who are alive and remain our bodies are changed and we go to meet our theophies and those who are already in their theophonies, they come to meet their glorified body and we're all gathered together and brother Bam describes it that we're going to be gathered together to our messenger and under the messenger different ones gathered together and we're all gathering together for that great climactic moment, that meeting in the air, and then in this wedding supper time, and in this season, there's going to be the distribution of crowns. Jesus says here, just know that when you've done these things unselfishly, when you've labored and you served and you've done things without expecting anything in return, as a matter of fact, you looked out after those who couldn't even give you anything back. Therefore, showing that you had the right motive in doing it, he says they may never be able to repay you and you may never even be repaid in this life, but you're going to be rewarded at the resurrection of the just. Amen. And as we think about this in our closing of how this nobleman went into a far country, was going to leave and go be establish a new kingdom and a new dominion. I want you to look at this as a type of what God has given to us and the things that he's given to us. This eternal life, these gifts, these blessings that he's given it and that we ought to use it then to lay up treasures in heaven. So it's where this nobleman looked down and he said, "Oh my, you're I gave you this and I've come back and I want to see what you've done with this, what you've used and what you've traded with and and what it looks like now." that in some way just as a type that Christ could say, "I gave you eternal life. I gave you freedom from sin. I loosed you from the law of sin and death and you used that life to live for others. You used that life to do this. You used this gift to do that." And he says, "I gave you life. If I listen, I gave you life invisibly. I gave you life internally. I gave you life permanently forever. Hid from the world. And you took that singular eternal life and you multiplied it through abundant fruit and you amplified it through your life and you let it become not just an eternal possession but you let it become an external expression and others saw me on a daily uh basis. I met you and sealed you in a moment in an instance. I saved you and I put my life inside of you but you through the process of time have amplified that life by yielding to it. Amen. Praise God. And in doing so, you've earned rewards by the exercise of his grace. I mean, think about it. By the exercise of his grace, I mean, what kind of arrogance would that servant have? Walked up there and he says, "Let me see what you've gained by trade." He says, "Look at this. I got 10." And he's like, "Well, I gave you five." He's like, "Yeah, and I doubled it." It it it wouldn't be registering, right? But think about the one who says you you gave me you gave me 10 or you gave me five you gave me 10 and I doubled it or you gave me five and I I got five more and he says oh man that's awesome you did great I'm going to give you 10 cities and you know what the servant would say like well this was yours I I mean I I could have never come up with 10 pounds had you not even given me the five and the author or the 10 to begin with and the authority to use it and I there's no way I could have done this. Th this is these are yours anyways. I I used the things you gave me. I used the things you taught me. I was your servant. It it afforded me certain opportunities. I I could have never opened those doors. I could have never done those things. And so it's the exercise of his grace that we've manifest his life, manifested his life and multiplied our reward. And so as we built it in the beginning through Revelations chapter 19, I want to close on this and and the musicians you could come. The Bible says that on him is written the name called the word of God and and he's coming. He's going to rule with the rod of iron. This is the time of the millennium. So this is after the rapture, the resurrection of the just. This is after the wedding supper. This is before we get into the millennium where Satan is bound for a thousand years. And there's going to be a ruling and reigning with the rod of iron. We are going to rule and reign with him in the millennium. So keep that image in mind. Maybe we'll touch it on Wednesday night that there's going to be we are going to reign. And so this is preparation for reigning. That this image of rewards and crowns and authority and expansion of stewardship is built into this idea of judgment and rewards. And it says that on his thigh, a name written, King of Kings. Yeah. and Lord of Lords. Who is this faithful and true? It's Christ. Here he is riding on this horse and and and he comes with the faithful saints. And the Bible says in Revelations 19 11-2, "And I saw heaven opened, and behold, a white horse, and he that sat upon him was called faithful and true, and in righteousness he doth judge and make war." His eyes were as flames of fire. And I just want you to focus on this phrase. And on his head were many crowns. This is after the after that time when brother said crowns are given out. Says Christ is wearing many crowns on his head. I like to refer to that as proof that there can be more than one crown. It's a proof of the multiplicity of crowns because he had on his head crowns. But where did he get those crowns? What were these crowns that he was wearing? Could it be said that these are the crowns that he earned and these are the crowns that he deserved and these are the crowns that he have given his own life. He merited them in his service and during his time on earth these are the crowns that his fathers had given him. Where did he get these many crowns? Brother Brandham says he's done been crowned by his saints. He's been crowned by his saints. How is it that he is king of kings because we've been crowned kings, but now he's the king of kings. How is it that he is made lord of lords when we've been placed as authorities over and and and miniature messiahs as it were? How is it he is the king of kings and the lord of lords? How is it that he rides with many crowns on his head? Where did he get those crowns? It's the crowns that you earned by his grace. And in that moment, in that time, the redeemed, having received the crowns, will then say, "All these crowns that I earned, they were by your grace." And the redeemed will then take their crowns, and they will crown him. You're not just the king. You're the king of kings. You are not just the Lord. You're the Lord of Lords. And we bow ourselves before him. And we acknowledge my rewards are by your grace. These are your crowns. And we will do just as the elders did in Revelations 4. Kind of a preamble, this a precursor where they stood there and the scene's described, but then all of a sudden these golden crowns are being cast to the throne and they're saying, "Worthy is he to receive glory and honor and power. Worthy is he cuz he created all things." and for thy pleasure they were they and were created and there was this expression of worship. And is it even any wonder when the worthy one is being pronounced and it says fear not for the lion of the tribe of Judah hath prevailed and John turns in Revelations 5 and he says there's the lamb and they begin to cry out and they begin to say he's worthy. And then John says, "Then I cried out. Then I begin to say, blessing and honor, glory and power, crown after crowd after crowd be unto his name to the lamb forever and ever." Oh, if I could just think, and this is the part that just so overwhelmed me as I've been studying this, could it be, saints, could it be that we're crowning him now? Amen. that even now as we labor and as we serve, we're crowning him now with our faithful service. That just as the elders cast their crowns, just as John pour out that praise, that I in this life as I serve him and I do what the scripture said today, I'm crowning him. And I say to you believers, crown him. Crown him. Do not deny him the crown that he is due. Do not deny him the glory that he is due. Give him honor. Give him praise. Crown him. Crown him for he's worthy.
