################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2023-04-02 - 05 Wanderlust and Wonder Lost (A Restless Mind) - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2023-04-02
Title:   05 Wanderlust and Wonder Lost (A Restless Mind)
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16zbqtjtrH0
========================================

Description:
05 Wanderlust and Wonder Lost 
A Restless Mind
Sunday Service: April 2, 2023
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
We continue on the subject of wonder lust and wonder lost. Um maybe for some of the visitors here and different ones who are here for the first time, those phrases might be a little unique to you. Apologize if they remain somewhat mysterious as we go forward. But we're just looking at how in the age that we're living in and the way things are structured and the way that society is built that we're wanting to find wonder in Christ in an age which is full of wonder lust. And that wonder lust was just kind of speaking to a desire driven by desire. And so that's uh that's still under that that subject. My title today is a restless a restless mind. And hopefully I don't struggle saying it that that way. I might just change it to an uneasy mind if I get a lisp when I say restless. But uh I was going to call it a mind a mind at rest and a soul on fire. Uh but I really wanted just to spend some time today on the restless part of that mind and how it can just be so unnerved and unsettled. And so that would be our title today. Wednesday we spoke on a desire detox. And if you didn't hear that for the home folk here, I certainly would encourage you to go back and listen to that. uh we shared something in our hearts just even proposing to you as individual believers and as Christians uh to find ways to detox from desire where you're not always feeding the flesh and you're walking in the spirit and you're keeping your spirit sensitive to the things of the Lord. We looked at it from the standpoint of how that the constant stimulation that's provided to us by modern technology uh can be toxic that there's benefits in it. And there's great tools to use and they're very fertile uh and they provide us a lot of great things and they could reduce processes and they can allow us access to information and there's a wonderful things that can come from it. But in them there's always there's some levan in the world and technology and things there's always a levan that's in it and if you let leaven take root uh it'll pervade the whole thing and change things. So this technology is that it rewards us with these immediate but fleeting charges and and these dopamine rushes as we've talked about it. And since they can come so easily and we get rewarded when we do something with this little charge in our brains and some brain chemistry interacts uh it can once we're we get continually uh in that cycle can become an addictive bombardment. And so I encourage you to amen whether you're thinking about yourself or somebody else if it's true. and only if it's true. And what I what I want you to think about when we talk about a desire detox and as we go f further in a restless mind today as this uh it can become compulsive behavior because the stimulation of desire is constant. We read in the scripture how the Bible says the eye is never full of seeing nor the ear satisfied with what it hears. That it's never can be full. It's always longing and it can become compulsive because the desire is always there and it's never satisfied. And this is what's taking place for a lot of us when we use technology. We find ourselves waking up in the morning and as we make ourselves through our day even be till we go to bed that our mind's craving for novelty for something new and different and exciting. Uh for constant stimulation and even for immediate gratification uh creates that compulsion loop where you want it, you get it, you want it. It just keeps going over and over and over again. And if we could use what we were talking about Wednesday night, like drug addicts and lab rats, we can find ourselves needing more and more to get the same effect. And and we might think, oh, well, that's for drugs or that's for pornography. That that could be for all those things and some of these innocent things that we do day by day that are linked to technology and media and any kind of entertainment. And so the definition of detox that we're looking at is just to purge ourselves from these toxic things to it's a process or period when one abstains from something or rids their body from toxic things. If someone goes on a detox, if they're an addict, they remove all traces of an addictive substance. They get distance from some sort of addictive habit or action in order to overcome the dependence on it. So we're just using that thought in the natural in the world. This detox from desire and that you know even if I could say this as we this is kind of fits in with what we're thinking about. It's taking a break from something, right? Getting distance, being able to breathe and and letting your mind rest. It's important to let our minds rest at times. Now, in 1 Corinthians chapter 7:31, this was an important scripture we used on Wednesday night. This will kind of give us a real quick run through of some of the scriptures we were using then. And it says, "And they that use this world as not abusing it, for the fashion of this world passeth away." you. Paul is just being very astute to remind us don't get get connected to anything that is fashionable. Do not get tied to and depend upon anything in the world to bring yourself full satisfaction and joy. It'll change. If there's something you that gives you joy and it's solely of the world, it'll be gone. It'll be out of style. Uh just even if it comes to your favorite food, not maybe not too long till they ban it, right? They find out there's something synthetic in it and you're not allowed to eat it. And so whatever it is that you'd know that if it's of the world, he's telling you it'll pass away. So don't get too tied to it. And so this phrase using but not abusing, I mean, it's really remarkable language. It might even be to us modern parliament. And like that's something we would say today, but this the abuse is the overuse. That's what the the word means. It's just overuse. And so world abuse is just a compulsion to use the world for your happiness to your own detriment. Use it, but don't get your happiness out of it. Use it for what it's worth and for the necessities. Get out of it what you need, but don't look to that for your joy. Don't look to that for completion. And so, we use the world, but we don't abuse it. And the abuse is just to overuse it. And I think this is good to talk about addiction and addictive things and compulsive behaviors and compulsion loop and how we've been talking about how the mind works where when you get that feeling, you want to chase it, you want to feel it again. But they define addiction as just this relentless pull to any substance or activity that ultimately interferes with your daily life. And if you define it that way, there's a lot of addictions, right? Coffee can even be an addiction. And just like that, nobody wants to hear me anymore. But there's things that just become compulsions to us. And it would be any substance or activity that ultimately kind of to control you or you don't have control over and interferes with your daily life. And some of the markers of addiction, I don't want to get into great detail on this, have to do with control. Can you control it? Is there some compulsion to it? Are there consequences for that behavior? And even in using the phrase desire detox, we're wanting you to recognize that your mind and your spirit can crave for something that you don't even like. That dopamine mediates desire. It doesn't mediate joy. Doesn't mediate whether you enjoy something. Uh dopamine doesn't mediate uh happiness in a true sense. It just mediates desire. So it's something you would want but you don't love. And therefore it's even those things are addictive. Addicts can say, "I don't know why I do it. I don't even like it. I I don't even know why I do the mindless scroll and I get into zombie mode when I'm on TikTok and I and I do it for an hour without even thinking. I don't even like what I'm seeing. And I don't even like how I feel when I'm done." But yet you're still driven by compulsion to do it. And as Paul says that we ought to use the world but not overuse it. Ians 4:5 says, "Let your moderation be known unto all men. The Lord is at hand." And that word moderation, it's gentleness under provocation where one is able to restrain themselves and not act on what they're feeling. And we could look at in the context of relationships. We could look at it in the context of how you treat somebody who treats you. But the whole idea of gentleness and moderation speaks of being able to control your desires, being able to control your passions. We talk about moderation, the sense of of not being excess. We ought to be mindful of anything that would become excess. And this scripture here in Psalm 139:es 23 and 24. Appreciate your patience as we walk through some of these review things. Just felt they were important for context as we go forward. But it says, "Search me, oh God, and know my heart. Try me and know my thoughts." And this is an honest prayer. Being willing to be examined, being willing to be tried and tested. He says, "And see if there be any wicked way in me and lead me in the way everlasting." Wicked way. We might begin to think of evil and things that are awful and things that are foul, but the wicked way there is a manner or habit that has become a pain or offense. It's a manner or habit that is becomes hard on us and becomes difficult for us. Maybe it could be described as something that has sort of control over you that you don't have control over that you have compulsion to do and there's some consequence in your life. It says, "Search me, oh God, and know my heart, so that see if there be any wicked way." It doesn't have to be evil in a horrible way, but just anything that keeps us from the way everlasting. If I can say it this way, when we're talking about coming back to life, anything that keeps us from real living. Right? And just before I go forward into this subject today, as David was honest about saying, "Search me, oh God, know my heart. See if there be any wicked way in me." I just had this honesty uh to allow the Lord just to look inside his heart and find out if there's anything any manner or habit that doesn't tend to the way of life. He says,"I willing for you to examine me and try me so I could come out of that behavior, out of that wicked way, that manner or habit that is a pain or a burden and come into a way everlasting." They say that the greatest obstacle to overcoming any compulsion is our capacity. That's good. any any the greatest difficulty overcoming a compulsion is the capacity to rationalize our compulsive behavior. And if the Lord's been dealing with your heart, I feel like I could almost say, and I won't say it because I'm not going to pretend to be a prophet. Thus sayeth the Lord, you first tried to justify it. First tried to say, well, I kind of need that for work or I do it for this or I do it for that. And it's really easy for us. It's hard for us to admit we have a problem when we have a problem. And what is it they teach us? If you have a if you're if you're an addict, the first step is to admit you are one. And but I don't buy into the theology that says once an addict, always an addict. I believe in a God that can make you clean. But one of the biggest barriers to you overcoming compulsive behavior is is rationalizing it and justifying it so that you can continue in it. And if you're kind of just jumping in on part five and this sounds like you walked into an AA uh meeting or something, we're we're talking about the life that we ought to be living as believers and how all these things that have addict we become addicted to and all these things that have our time and attention and that we're always uh mixing ourselves up in has always served to cause us to lose the wonder of Christ. It's only caused us to not see the word of God in its beauty as we ought to. It's only caused the presence of Christ to become less valuable to us. And the things that are virtual, the things that are pretend, the things that are synthetic, have our attention and have our all instead of Christ who ought to be our all and all and ought to have our attention. And so that's been the thrust of the wonderust and the wonder lost. So a restless mind, when I talk about a restless mind, I want to inspire you as I was hoping to do Wednesday and even in this series is inspire us to find rest for our minds. and and in doing so rekindle that passion for God's word. Wonder lust. I use that phrase to kind of capture that restless mind that's constantly seeking after desire, constantly seeking for enjoyment in doing things that give them a synthetic reward but not true enjoyment. And when I talk about the mind, I think this is an important principle in the scripture and in the message of the hour. The mind is that which feels and wills and thinks and processes. It's that which has the intellect. It's our thought. It's our intention. It's our mental mental faculty. And that's when I talk about a restless mind, I'm talking about that part of our makeup, a part of our person. The mind is where the greatest battle ever is being fought. That's the that's the mind that we're talking about. And maybe we'll pick up on this on Wednesday, but we know, and I'm sure we all believe this today, the greatest battle ever fought is in the mind. But it's for the mind, too. It's not just in the mind. It's it's a battle for the mind. Satan chose the mind to do battle. God chose your heart, but when he chose your heart, he wasn't giving up your mind. The battle is in the mind because God wants to take it back over. Amen. And so, we have this battle in our minds. And you, it's important for us to realize that all the agendas of politics and economics and all the isms that are out there, their aim is to win your mind and your desires. They want to win your mind and win your passions. That's an economics. Uh there's not a company out there pushing green and pushing something that's good for the environment or pushing some story that they're not doing it in order to win your passion and win your desire so it can it can help them in the bottom line. It's that way with politics with economics. It's all a battle for your mind to get your attention and to drive you to a particular behavior. Right? And the the this focus on the mind is important because all of our emotions uh all our physical feelings originate in our brains and it's from there that it's distributed to the rest of the body. That's the physical process in our brains. And so when we think about our spirits, a lot of times to us that's something maybe we can't quite put our hands on. Our spirit, our heart, it's not maybe a physical part, but your physical brain plays a huge role in our state of mind. And in the there there's chemical processes there neural activity and that's what's making up your spirit. Your emotions, your feelings, your conscience, memory, reason, and affection can actually identify parts of the brain that light up in certain instances in certain thoughts and certain feelings. And if this is kind I think this is good for some review. It's that uh release of dopamine in our brains. Our brains are structured to release this dopamine for for certain behaviors. I just feel compelled maybe to go this path for a little bit that with certain behaviors there's a release of dopamine and it's there biologically in order to reinforce behavior. And so our brain uses dopamine as a reward system to reinforce behaviors that are essential to survival. And maybe that fight, the eat, to fight, to flee, they're supposed to signal and transmit messages to the brain in certain situations and to reward us for certain activity in order for survival, in order for necessities. And nowadays, we're not using the brain for that because all of our necessities are taken care of. Survival's been taken care of. So now that system is being hijacked for something it wasn't meant for. Amen. And these modern technologies, the substances, the activities, and all these things are tricking our brains about non-essential things because it's producing the same dopamine, but it's not essential to survival, but your body begins to act as if it is. That if you somehow aren't able to check Instagram today, you're going to die, right? And why do why do you feel that way? Like, this is killing me. Is because your body has released a chemical that used to tell you you need to eat or you're going to die. you need to run for your life because this animal catches you're going to die and now it's being misused and we kind of engage in these survival instincts to things that have no value in them whatsoever. And so it's because of this process that in our minds be we become to be restless that our minds begin to have cravings and desires and dependency and for cortisol for dopamine all these neuromodderators and neurotransmitters and all this neuro these are just fancy scientific words for your desire for your longings. And I'm sure I could get some amens if this if I say it right but the world has perfected the stimulation of our minds and this climax of Satan's Eden. They've perfected dividing our our minds and fragmenting our minds and getting us to hyperfocus on certain things. I read this in the book. It says the internet is designed to be an interruption system, a machine geared to dividing attention. So that's what it's for. It's there to divide your attention, to cause you to lose focus and be distracted. We willingly accept the loss of concentration and focus of our attention and the fragmentation of our thoughts in return for the wealth of compelling or at least diverting information we receive that we are willing to pay a price to get what we want in the interimm. We're willing to lose our attention. We're willing to lose our focus to get something in the interimm. And this is true. the the writer refers to the internet, but it's really just any platform uh connected information and communication technology, whether it be an iPad and all the apps that are on it, a cell phone or any other closed system that provides you access to information. All these things are working to divide your attention. And we've been willing to transact to pay the price of our loss of concentration, lo loss of focus, loss of deep thought to get something in the interim to satisfy us with this wealth of compelling things and wealth of exciting things. But it comes at a price. And I was thinking about this yesterday. This I don't know if I've ever mentioned this before, but when I knew God was calling me to start a church here, maybe there's a lot of things you start thinking about. Well, you know, what's the name of the church going to be? And are you going to have a mission statement? And what's the web address going to be? And you start thinking about I don't know why it all has to do with that but you start thinking about what are you going to you know what's what's going to be your vision what's going to be your burden and I adopted a social media policy before I did anything else. I don't know why, but it just came natural that there was I when we begin to think about what our vision was as a church, I realized it'd be very very shortsighted to occupy a presence on these social media platforms to disseminate information and get your story out because ultimately those platforms are designed to get people hooked to it. And I'm not going to be able to provide enough content to keep somebody happy on that platform. And so I didn't want to be anybody's reason for downloading Instagram. I didn't want to be anybody's reason for for having a pres, you know, for get logging on to Facebook and joining. And so I think that it's important for us to realize that these systems I don't want to be someone's reason for participating. And I think to do so is very shortsighted with just my person because of the way they're designed. Is my voice becoming more robotic? You don't this technology It's the It's the dopamine in our sound system. It's reaching cognitive overload. Well, what should I do? Should I have Ly be my interpreter? Should I grab a mic? I'm just waiting for you guys to say something. Yellow. Yellow. Oh boy. You'll probably hear me better, but my arm will be hurting in the morning because I just get nervous and I squeeze on it like this and I and I hope I can preach with one hand. What this statement is referring to and even what I'm thinking about in terms of a restless mind is we are experiencing endless access to knowledge. Endless access to knowledge. And now with the artificial intelligence uh that has seemingly endless access to knowledge, we can query it and we can invent things and create things that have never been conceived or put together before. And all this endless access to information easily overloads our minds whether we realize it or not. And it overloads our working memory where we're not able to retain things. It overloads our focus, so we're not able to concentrate. And it deteriorates our self-control. Now, I'm speaking a language that may seem scientific, but we've already spent four services using scripture that describe it perfectly. And we'll we'll dive more into this now as you want to look at Luke chapter 10. We're talking about cognitive overload when we talk about a restless mind that there's too much information, too much simultaneous task, too many things taking place in our minds. It deteriorates our thinking. And we can see an example of this in Luke 10 38-42. I feel like maybe I can just uh run away now and just begin to get into the scriptures and preach. Thank you for your patience in that first part. It says, "Now it came to pass as they went that he entered into a certain village and a certain woman named Martha received him into her house. And she had a sister called Mary, which also sat at Jesus' feet and heard his word." But Martha was cumbered about much serving. That means drawn away or distracted. Cumbered her attention's been divided about much serving. Now look at how innocent this is. It's not that Martha found herself in her gaming room or she found herself down at the internet cafe. She was cumbered about with much serving. But notice how when the mind gets encumbered and it gets distracted and it gets hyperfocused on one thing, how much it deteriorates our thinking. I would say she was since she's cumbered and and and and drawn and drawn away and distracted. It changes her thinking because she says she comes to the Lord and says, "Do you not care that my sister hath left me alone to serve and bid her therefore?" Now, it's not only not only does she complain about it, but she has an ask. Bid her therefore that she help me. And this must have come as some shock to Jesus because he says in verse 41, Martha, Martha, thou art careful and troubled about many things. Careful means selfishly anxious. She wasn't worried about Mary. She wasn't worried about Jesus. She really wasn't even worried about the food being prepared to her hungry guests that they might be full. She was worried about whether or not it would look good and taste good and whether or not the pretense uh was being satisfied and being met. He was selfishly anxious. Says Martha, thou art careful, selfishly anxious and troubled, which means disqued or restless. You're selfishly anxious and you're restless. Your mind is cumbered and you're restless and you're selfishly anxious. And he reminds her one thing is needful and Mary has chosen that. Mary hath chosen that good part which shall not be taken away from her. Mary is doing something that has lasting value and lasting purpose. sitting down at my feet, hearing what I have to say, finding wonder in me, finding uh fellowship and communion with me. That's not after the fashion of this world. And so she was rebuked for being cumbered. Her mind was restless. She was selfishly anxious and it was distorting her thinking because now she was rebuking Mary for doing the one thing that was needful. And she didn't recognize herself that that was an opportunity she ought to have been taken advantage of. And so this continual bombardment of information and notifications and uh uh rings and text and all these different things that kind of light up our brains, it's uh it's bombarding our our minds and clouding our understanding. It's confusing our purpose. It confuses our duty and it's keeping us from true happiness. Luke 8:14 and this is just gets more on on the nose and that which fell among thorns. You know, he's talking about the word of God is the seed and the word is sown into this the condition of the ground and the word which fell among the thorns or they which when they heard go forth and are choked. That means it draws off it chokes off uh choked with cares and riches and pleasures of this life and bring no fruit to perfection. The thorn is something that's undesirable. A thorn is something that is useless, it's worthless. Not only is it worthless, it's troublesome. It's detrimental. But even when it comes to thorns, if people get hungry enough, they'll eat them. And and they proved that in the drought in the worst hard time, as they call it, when they would they would grind this Russian thistle into a flower and they'd use it to eat because there wasn't anything else to eat. So before you think, I'd recognize the thorn. I wouldn't want to have anything to do with the thorn. It's amazing how many thorns we have in our lives that are useless and detrimental, but yet we allow them. And he calls it cares, riches, and pleasures. If somebody offered you riches, your instinct wouldn't say, "I don't need that thorn." You might say, "I'll see how I can live with it." Like brother Brandon, I believe, I don't know if it's brother Lee Vale that tells a story or if he said it, I can't recall exactly how he may have said on tape, but how he's offered a million dollars and and he turned it down because he he didn't want to he didn't want to have to handle it. And I'm kind of thinking, I don't know. I mean, I might want the chance, right? But there's things that we may not realize can become a choker to us. Cares, riches, and pleasures of this life. They overwhelm what is needful. They overwhelm real living. They're overwhelming spiritual growth. And he's using a language that we ought to be able to catch up, you know, catch with cares, riches, and pleasures of this life. These things choke the anxieties of life, the cares of life, the pretense, all these things that matter to us. and the the social clout and all these different rewards and things that we're chasing. It draws off our attention. It absorbs so much of our interest. It uses up so much of our time that there's no room for spiritual growth. There's no nutrients going to the word. There's no nutrients going to the seed. And we're pursuing and watering things that are fruitless, things that are vain, things that are empty and ultimately harmful. And it's those thorns that get all the nutrients. They compete in the same ground for the light. They compete the same ground for the water. They compete for the time and the energy and the nutrients. And what does it do? It draws the life away from the word and keeps it from growing. And if you turn to Ecclesiastes chapter 7, there's a perfect application to modern life in Leodysia with these things. And I would ask you, as we've already read from Psalm 139, allow the Lord to search your heart. Allow him to examine the things that are in your life, the things that we do, and the things that we engage in. They're talking about a restless mind. And I believe there's minds that are racing. There's desires that are unending that we need the Lord to satisfy. In Ecclesiastes chapter 7 verse 29, I know some of these are very familiar to us. Lo, this only have I found, this is Solomon concluding things that God hath made man upright, but they have sought out many inventions. And these inventions, these desires and these processes and these ways to try to make themselves happy is what he's talking about. And so Solomon attributes humanity's insatiable appetite where they're always hungry but never satisfied and never filled. He's attributing it to the fall because he's saying God made man upright. God didn't make man to be this way. God made him happy. God gave him all the things he would need to be happy. But because of the fall, they seek out many inventions. I want to read this to you. I believe we read it to you before, but it's just another uh translation of it. I discovered the fountain of all vanity and evil is the original sin that has corrupted the nature of man. God made Adam and the woman without imperfection in likeness of his own desire and nature. But the woman not content anymore with her present condition accepted a new way of making herself wise. Ever since all mankind is prone to forsake the order of God's word and has sought new methods to attain fulfillment and happiness. This is Solomon taking a look at it and being honest about it and saying, "I look around and Solomon who had everything didn't get happiness out of it. Thought he could find it in wisdom alone. Couldn't. Thought he could get it in possessions and I made myself happy and I I had music and I bought this and I did that and I enjoyed this." And everywhere he found that man was not made this way. He was made pure. He He wasn't made with a taste for evil. But having lost God's image, he now endlessly pursues and is searching for happiness and can never find it. Have anybody ever heard the phrase distracted by distraction or distracted from distraction by distraction? You heard it before TS Elliott. All our uh Nobel Prize in literature experts. I was reading I was reading the poem it came from. It's called Burnt Norton. I I would even suggest you try to read it. I'm like swimming over here trying to be an intellectual trying to figure out what he's trying to say. But it was in u was published in 1936 and it was number one of these four quartets that he published and it's really is a remarkable poem and the burnt Norton is referring to some house or manor in in England that was burned down or just left in and wasted and actually Tis Elliot is reflecting on the fall of mankind. He's looking at humanity and saying we're fallen. We're lost and he's meditating on the nature of time. He's doing it from a biblical perspective, a historical perspective, the way things were physically. And he's and he's looking at the nature of time and the human condition and how time continues, what happens to to the humans. And what he's pointing at in this particular poem is this still point. And this is just the language he's using, the still point. And it's this it's experiencing the grace of sins uh by being released from inner and outer compulsion. That's the language he's talking about. He's walking the reader through this idea of is there a way that you could get to this place of being still where you're no longer you're free from compulsion. You're free from acting on your desires. It it reminded me I was reminded of this in looking at Sol Song of Solomon and how he's describing it the same way that this modern poet describes it that man mankind is constantly seeking after these things and what TS Elliott is using. He's describing mankind how mankind has been impacted by the original sin. It's what he's talking about is this modern writer right in Le oysia and he's using a rose garden which is symbolic of the garden of Eden and he's telling this story follow me walk with me and he describes modern life as a place of disaection where we're no longer satisfied with authority we're no longer satisfied with rule we're no longer satisfied with order and he says neither planitude nor vacancy neither abundance uh uh or empty space only a flicker over the strained timeridden faces, distracted from distraction by distraction, filled with fancies and empty of meaning. He called it a swollen disinterest with no mental focus. This is this is what he's he's describing us. He's noting how there's this self-numbness and this lack of deep spirituality amongst people and they're not thinking and you're thinking, "Oh my goodness, what church did he go to? Where did he pastor? He's just a writer, a modern poet. didn't publish a lot but he's been regarded as one of the great writers of the of the 20th century. And this po po po po po po po po po po po po po po po po po po po po poem was published in 1936 written somewhere between 1909 and 1935 and what caught my attention is here's a man who was observing Leodysia he witnessed the birth of Leodysia and is writing his observations about Leodysia and what he's saying is there's a swollen disinterest there's no uh uh swollen self-interest there's no mental focus the flicker h over the strained time faces distracted from distraction by distraction and you're thinking thinking, "This guy's got to be in 2023." But he wrote it a hundred years earlier. Before there was a flicker of a screen in in everybody's hand before we would even call distraction a a pandemic. This is something that he recognized and realized. And what's happening now as I look at this is we are walking in this very pattern. Our minds are constantly flickering. Desire is continually racing. He says, "Neither plentitude nor vacancy." Uh we're not empty, but we're certainly not full. Right. Right there. There's never any topping it off. Even the things we try to use to rest our minds ultimately end up stimulating our desires. We're trying to find something trying to find something uh uh uh to rest our minds and it only leads to something else that's engages it even more. Makes it worse. We think we're trying to help ourselves and we're only Yeah, I don't want to smoke. I just want to vape. And then you're going to find out that that makes it worse. I I I heard someone say one time that, you know, and I kind of identified with it that I just couldn't imagine ever imagine myself smoking. I'd probably have to start with a patch, you know, first to get there. Uh I kind of thought the same way about coffee. You know, you're going to have to you have to start me on a a a caffeine patch first. They probably have them out there. But the the whole idea is there's things that we think are going to fix us and it doesn't. It's the flickering across time ridden faces. distracted from distraction by distraction. This is the ceaseless endless mind that Solomon's looking said. They've sought out many inventions. They're inventing all these different ways to try to make themselves happy. But they cannot be happy. They're only distracting themselves now from their distractions by distraction. I don't want to do that. I don't want to do that. I'm going to do this. And and you're trying to distract yourself from distraction by just another distraction. He's describing Leodysia. You might be coming away with a weird opinion of me at the end of the day. And so I apologize if this is different. I admit that it is different. They've got a different angle, too. They can see me from the side. You might want to ask later, do I ever want to sit over there? Peek behind the curtain. Romans, excuse me, Revelations 3:1 17. If you can pull really, really hard and amen. if you can. If I don't want you to say amen just because I asked for it. I've I've hope I've taught you well that if a preacher says say amen, only do it if you can say amen. And let them wrestle with the silence when they don't get one. Right? Go back and think, hm, maybe brother Brandham didn't say that, but Revelations 3:1 17, if you pull hard, you amen if you can, we can get to lunch sooner than later. says, "Because thou saith," this is so familiar, and I know we're repeating a lot of themes, but I just want you to look at it in the context of what we've been preaching on on this wonder lust and wonder lost. Because thou sayest, I am rich and increase with goods and have need of nothing. And knowest not that thou wretched and miserable and poor and blind and naked. And then he gives the prescription to buy. And notice when the buying it so that you could see correctly, that your shame naked not appeared. that there's a there's an addressing the the the lack of perception in the things that he uh encourages them to do. But here's mankind's boast. We are materially wealthy. We just talking about being rich and we're morally ethical increased with goods. We we have an abundance of material things and we're moral with it. We're ethical with it. I am rich and increased with goods and have need of nothing. As brother Brandon said, they very well may say, I have everything or I don't want anymore. This is their attitude. And what we need to remember is they're deceived. So if they say, "I'm rich," they're actually not rich. They say they're increased with goods, they're not actually increased with goods. And when they say they have need of nothing, they're lying to you because their appetites are insatiable. It's an empty boast because their actions don't fit their confession. Oh, I'm rich. I'm increased with goods. I'm satisfied. We've just settled down in Leodysia, man. Once we sliced bread and had a had and invented the will, we were chill. we didn't need to worry about anything else. We could just relax, right? And we could we could just get on by with the way we've always been doing things. No, their own actions declare that they've deceived themselves because it doesn't fit their confession. We don't have any need of anything. You're you're constantly searching for more. And this is the vanity also observed by Solomon or brother TS Elliott. They observed the same thing. They had he Solomon had every material pleasure that man could desire and he still felt empty. So the scripture already warns us ahead of time. Don't think that being rich and increased with goods will ever get you to a place where you can honestly say, I have need of nothing. Because the Bible says, "And knowest not that you're driven by emptiness. That your riches and abundance have not satisfied your want. Knowest not that you're wretched, miserable, poor, blind, and naked." And that's what's actually driving them to have more riches, driving them to be increased with goods. They wouldn't have all that if they didn't have that emptiness. Amen. But since they don't recognize the compulsion loop, since they don't recognize the compulsive behavior like Oh, no. I'm good. I'm good, man. I don't I don't have a problem. No. Uhuh. Right. I I I don't need my cell phone. What's that's the biggest watch I've ever seen. Oh, hey. Is is that an earthquake? No, that's my Instagram blowing up. Brother Brandon writes it this way. It cries that it has a great amplitude of all things but it keeps burning with desire like an unsatisfied fire. Know what Maslov said? Even a man is just a constant perpetual yearning longing animal. Always desiring always wanting per perpetually wanting animal. Brother Brandham says it a great they have a great amplitude. We're rich. This is where I I I get the interpretation of the scripture from. Can you read it? Says well I I don't know. They say they don't have need any of need of anything. Maybe maybe they don't need it and that's the problem. No, they cry that they have a great amplitude of things, but they're burning with a desire like an unsatisfied fire. This is the calling card of Satan's Eden. This is the calling card of Satan's Eden. It's a wonderlust. It's a constant desire. It's the restless longing. They have a great amplitude of all things, but yet there's their thirst isn't satisfied. that that there's if you think of it this way and this is maybe where we'll just start uh pointing you to that what I'm trying to inspiring you is the wonder of Christ. We sing that song fill my cup Lord fill it up Lord. It says feed me till I want no more. And I I don't sing it that way. No offense but I sing feed me till I want more and more. There's something so unique about Christ. The more you have the more you want. But it comes from such a great place cuz you're not dissatisfied. You don't feel like, "Well, that just didn't hit the spot." You know, thank you for your presence, Jesus, but that just didn't hit the spot. But that's what the world gives us when it gives you what you ask for. You're left either first saying, "I never want to do that again." But later you want more and you can never find what you're looking for. But when it comes to Christ, you can experience him and you can never get enough. But it doesn't come from this place of a burning fire and an anxiety and a restlessness. It comes from a place of knowing I only got a little. I know there's more. This wonder lust is robbing us, taking all of our attention, drawing away all of our time, absorbing all of our interest, using up all of our attention, and driving us to chase things to try to satisfy the flesh that'll never give us happiness. And Christ sits here longing for fellowship. Brother Brandham says in the sermon to whom should we go? He says, you know, man hasn't changed very much. This is one of the cornerstone quotes in the beginning when I begin to study this at the beginning of the year. He's still wandering about in the world seeking pleasure, restless, never satisfied, never coming to any right conclusions, never finding rest. This is the nature of man. They cry a great amplitude of all things, but keep burning with the desire like an unsatisfied fire. He says they're wandering, seeking pleasure, wandering, restless, never satisfied, never coming to any right conclusions, never finding rest. He says he's just about the same condition that he was when he left God in the Garden of Eden and went to shift for himself. In other words, provide for himself. He's been shifting ever since. And he finds it. It's a rough way to go. And he looks like he doesn't care very much to many just where this life will end up for them. That's your wonder lust. Oh, it doesn't matter where I end up. It's just the journey. It's just enjoying things along the way. It's I'm rich and increased with goods and have need of nothing. And it's the distracted from distraction by distraction. It is the choking of the cares and riches and the pleasures of this life to where we bring no fruit to perfection. And brother Brandham says this is how it started in the Garden of Eden. Genesis chapter 2:8. It's even what TS Elliott is describing when he's said, "Follow me in the garden." He's going all the way back to the Garden of Eden to look at the nature of time and say, "Look where man has ended up now." Look at their nature. Look what they're prone to. Look what they're doing. Look at how it's they they claim to have a lot, but they're empty and they don't. There's there as he describes it, he's using he's looking at the fall of man as the explanation for the way things are. And brother Brandham says he's just about the same condition he is in when he left the garden because the garden represents that true happiness, that true perfection. Says in Genesis 2:8, "And the Lord God planted a garden eastward in Eden and there he put the man whom he formed." This is the beginning of mankind and the beginning of mankind and what it represented and what it expressed and the fall of mankind show the weakness of humanity shows you the modern tactics of the devil. How even then he be to change our our our our biology begin to change our thinking change our nature so that we act and respond a certain way contrary to the way we were made. The Solomon observes God didn't make man this way. God made man pure with no thought of evil. God didn't make man insatiable and dissatisfied. Come on, Jesus. Is this all you got in the garden? Can't you give me a little bit more palm trees here? No, there was no it was there was no drive that tended to the negative. There was no compulsion that would deteriorate quality of life. He says, "You didn't make man this way. You made man upright." But now they're seeking out so many ways to satisfy themselves. And in that garden, we can see the weakness of humanity get swn into or Satan sew weakness in humanity by the original sin. And we see the original tactic that he used. The Garden of Eden is pleasure ground. It was God's place of delight. God's paradise. Pleasure ground. A place of delight. That was man's home. It was a marvelous thing. It was a wonder. This has been part of my meditation the last month or so of just what that represented to man. And how they would have been in awe. They were in awe of creation. all in all of the simple things in all of the way that God had made you uh the the the animals and the way that God had arranged the plants and all the colors and the sun and the stars that that was a cathedral of joy. It was a cathedral of wonder. The only thing that was receiving glory in that was God. The only thing that man was receiving in that was pleasure and provision. It was it was a pleasure ground is what it was called. Amen. And I'm wanting you I want you to recognize I'm identifying our hope. I'm identifying how we can come back to life. And God's power to transform. There's your there's your answer. Amen. God's power to transform. He said this world was without form and it was void. And darkness was upon the earth. Nothing but complete chaos. And then this world was in that condition. The spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. There was no order. It was restless. It's neither planitude nor vacancy. You can't discern what it is, but there's something there, but it's certainly not complete. It was absolute chaos. But the spirit of God moves upon the face of the waters. He says, "And the entire picture was changed from a total chaos to a garden of Eden. From a tomalt and top and things turning over and boiling and things just flowing without any form or discerning shape. It changes from chaos to a garden of Eden. says that is the transforming power of God that can take something that's nothing and make something wonderful out of it. God is reflecting in the beginning that where there's chaos, where there's disorder, where there's things that are upset, where there's things that don't make sense, we just need the spirit of God to come upon the scene. And even the things in your life that seem like chaos, even the things that seem like nothing can ever come out of it, God's spirit can move on it and fulfill the prophecy that in this there's good for them that love the Lord. Take something that's nothing and make something wonderful out of it. Amen. Amen. In Genesis 3:6, then we come to where the wonder is lost. And when the woman here, I know we're just we're with a mature group here that knows these things, the original sin and what it uh what it produced and even what it was. And after Satan through the serpent approaches the woman and and and this conversation, if you even recognize what did what did the devil use on her for the first time? fear of missing out. Oh, the Lord knows if you eat that, you're missing out on something. Because if you do that, there's more that you're not experiencing. When the woman saw that the tree was good for food, which the Bible said it wasn't, and that it was pleasant to the eyes, it couldn't be good for food because it says if you eat this, you'll die. So, it couldn't have grown from the ground because every tree that grew out of the ground was good for food. And it says when he saw that the tree was good for food and that it was pleasant to the eyes, that's an important phrase we'll come back to. and a tree to be desired to make one wise. She took of the fruit thereof and did eat and gave also unto her husband with her and he did eat. Brother Brandham in the sermon lean not to thunder understanding says Eve which was no doubt an intelligent person. So we we don't want to just dumb Eve down to where she was just, you know, a head full of rocks and she was a simpleton that was tricked into something. Says she was no doubt an intelligent person. The first right off of Adam who was the son of God and Eve certainly being in that spot where there had been no sin, no place for sin. This is striking what he says. She certainly must have had a wonderful conception of what God was. This to me makes the fall even more incredible, even more remarkable to think that she wasn't. It wasn't that she was just, you know, chewing on her tongue, mumbling through the garden and has no idea what she's doing. Oh, I don't have my husband. I have no idea what to do. She was an intelligent person. She was the first one from Adam. She had a wonderful conception of what God was. She had a pure mind that was at rest with God. Her mind was not disturbed. This is I believe what Solomon is saying that God made man upright. He's at peace. He has no evil mixed in his thoughts. He's got brother called it perfect love around him. There was no fear. And she goes from a place of perfect contentment with an understanding of how wonderful God was and had an understanding of how the nature of God was wonderful. And the devil used something to trick her into thinking that God's wonder was being withheld from her. And he and what the devil's sermon produced was something that was pleasant to the eyes. That pleasant is ta in the Hebrew. I know I'm probably not getting enough throat in there when I say it to make it sound like Hebrew, but it means a lust or desire in a bad sense. It was pleasant to the eyes. It's not physically plea. It wasn't phys visually pleasing, but it was pleasing to her mind. Right? Pleasant to the eyes would more accurately be translated to desirous to her spirit because pleasant to the sight means visual visually appealing which is what fruit was. Bible uses very strict language that the fruit was pleasant to the sight. That means when you look at it and go that's red apple. I want to eat that. Right? It's visually to the eyes but pleasant to the eyes means it's emotionally stimulating. She began to lust. A tree to be desired. That traumad means to desire to covet, means to take pleasure in. And it was a tree desired to make one wise. Now, she already had a wonderful conception of what God was. It wasn't true wisdom that she was looking after. But it meant that she was going to have some the word wise there means to prosper or have success. That it was a tree that if she experienced would reward her. It was a tree that if she experienced it, give her a different experience and there'd be some insight. Now, I don't mean to just bring this right back to the biology of it, but brother Bam teaches this. It started in the mind and that there was some there was some cue in her mind that begin to make her think that if I participate in this and I do this, I'm going to be made wise. There's going to be a benefit in this. There's going to be some experience that I get out of this that's going to make me have pleasure. There was going to be an enlightenment. And so as that begins as she begins to get that cue what she participated in the she then wants to go and show her husband meaning that literally what had happened within the mind of Eve is neurons were firing things were taking place in her mind that she had never experienced before. There was electrical activity. There was the release of neurotransmitters. There was something happening and putting this shock into her mind and it excited these nerve cells and and things begin to take place. And they actually used this language that when it happens, it tells it to go and send a message causing her to act, causing her to experience things and things that are to be. Brother Bear says knowledge is what the devil sold Eve. Knowledge is what he sold her in in the Garden of Eden. So you you think that it's only a Leodysa phenomenon that data is a currency. You think it's only a lessa that information is the most valuable currency. No. The devil started that. cuz he sold it to Eve in the beginning. And he says that caused her to cramp. This is this involuntary spasm. This is something that's happening. Knowledge is what caused her to act and transgress God's commandment. Where's the language used? Innocence perverted by knowledge. The wonderful conception of God perverted by some other knowledge. And and just to stay on the the dopamine line, they say that whenever you ingest sugar, it produces huge surges in dopamine. And the believer said, "Amen." That's why we enjoy sweets. And and food is a great use of an analogy of how that processed foods and things will give you a quick fix and reward, but it's empty. There's no nutrients in it, so you need more of it, more of it, and become addicted to it. They say when you ingest sugar, it causes huge increase of dopamine. You know what brother Brandham said that Satan did when he talked to her? He sugarcoated it. It's showing that he he found a way. As Paul said, you heap to yourselves teachers having itching ears. It means I have this cycle where I want to hear it a certain way. I I I only want the man's leaven mixed in. I want a certain taste. I want a highly processed and synthesized message so it can scratch my lazy itch for immediate gratification and not the depth of God's word. That's good. He sugarcoated it. He did it on purpose so that it would excite the wrong part of her mind or do it the wrong way. And the Bible says in 2 Corinthians 11:3, "But I fearless by any means as a serpent begile Eve through his subtlety, so your mind should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ. I fearless by any means as a serpent beguiled Eve through his subtlety, so your mind should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ." I believe that word is translated to bountiful in another place. It's the bountifulness and the liberty. I think it's even translated to liberty, but that's part of the meaning that I I I fear that in the same way the certain beguiled to his subtly, tricked her and deceived her that your mind, your thought, your purposes, how we ponder, how we consider things, how we perceive, we'd be corrupted, which means to spoil it, to waste it. God's given it to you to have a wonderful conception of him. She had a wonderful conception of what God was, but then Satan sold her some knowledge that wasn't true about God and it corrupted her thoughts. And so it was the corruption, the wasting of the bountifulness and the liberty. It speaks of no pretense, no hypocrisy, the humil the the the simplicity there is not self-seeking but generous because it's an abundance. It's a liberty not to satisfy the flesh, but it's through an abundance and God's power to transform. He says in the same pattern he deceived Eve, he's also deceived the church, which there Eve was a type of the church. Notice what he did. Now, I believe that we we use this no doubt to preach against spirits that are trying to deceive others with false doctrine. We use it to show how the Roman Catholic Church and all of her daughters are deceived and how the same thing that uh Satan was able to achieve in the garden, he was able to achieve before Christ could come to her. The church was a fallen woman and we see that through the church ages, but there's an application to us as individuals. That's not just theological. That's not just with respect to false doctrine, but it comes to righteousness and holy living and your personal individual union with Christ. Amen. And it's the same pattern that he does to the individual. Through the wondering for knowledge, she slips across the line between wrong, right, and wrong by listening to Satan's perversion or deformity of the original word. Let me just say this. Do not underestimate the subtlety of desire. Do not if you feel, well, I'm pretty steadfast in this message. I've already had the winds blow and kind of buff at me, and I'm standing firm, and I'm not going to leave it. And I'm I I've been inoculated against the deception that's going to tell me that it's wrong. I've been inoculated against the deception of all the false conceptions of the message. That's wonderful. But brother Bam taught us he can't get you out on that. He'll get you out on the other. And and if we stand firm in our doctrine and we're firm on what we believe, that's your strength to take advantage of this personal relationship with Christ to not be tricked by the other things. He says that it's he through wandering for knowledge. It's a subtlety of desire. Our minds are constantly racing for vain things. Constantly needing that fix. Yes. And we can be unconsciously driven by an excessive eager desire to possess things. That's what I'm thinking about when I say a restless mind. There's never enough. We're never satisfied. We never come to a place where we can just say, you know what, I've had I've had my feel. But we need to. Amen. We we we there's things that we should be able to put down and never come back to. So, I don't really need it. Well, is it sinful? No. It's it's lawful, but it's not doing for me what I think it should. It it's not demonstrating the example that it ought to have to my children. And you might utilize these things to get a break as a parent. And here here, watch this. Here, do that because you you just need some time. You need a timeout. You need a break. But what you're inviting your children to do is to enter into this process. tree time 7. Have that one just in case. Now, I haven't been preaching that long. Loyal just led song. Brother Loyal led songs for at least an hour or two. That's why that mic died because it hasn't I haven't been that long. This is where if I can say this, the reason why your children react the way they do to being deprived of those things, it's exactly what we've been describing. The mind, their mind tells them you can't live without that. In a mind that's not mature enough to assess risk, and a mind that's not mature enough to know that, yeah, you can, you're going to be fine without that. That that we've taught them to be dependent upon certain things in the way their mind gets stimulated. It's this excessive desire in the sermon the Easter Seal. You recognize the date? Pretty good. Brother Brandham actually said uh was it the the Palm Sunday? He said was uh April 2nd is a date he used for. He said every human being comes right back to the same place to make our choice. And that greed has always been right and wrong. Wrong trying to overthrow the right. It started in the garden and it's come down through the ages. It's come down till it's entered into national affairs. It's come down into church affairs. It's come down into home life. Greed trying to rule or ruin, trying to overpower, push out. And we see the thing working everywhere. And it's always has the same thing. Trying to overrule or overrun. Now, instead of just thinking about the Catholic Church and and their conquest and how they tried to wipe out other religions and, you know, and kill the heretics, I think we ought to just think about ourselves and how these mechanisms work on this. He says it's been greed, trying to overfill the right thing. What started in the garden has come down through the ages. He says it governs national affairs, church affairs, and home life. What is it? Greed, trying to ruin, trying to overpower, trying to push out. It's your own desire. We we can't blame it on anyone else. It's our own desire. God made us to be upright. God has given you things to satisfy and plate. God has given you the shelter. You go and read God's power to transform. We're not waiting to get out of here to have the shelter we need a to to survive the poison gas. He's given it to us by his word. Listen, we have been given the open word. The mighty angel has descended. We have the personal presence of Jesus Christ to shield us from these things. We can have heaven on earth right now. We can have our own Garden of Eden right now with Christ. But we just let so many things beat us out of it. It's greed trying to ruin, trying to overpower, trying to push out, trying to overrule and overrun. He says greed. It's a restless mind. That's a greedy mind. No offense. I was going to use the the title today, a hungry mind, and I didn't. But there's a way that we got to recognize our minds can be so insatiably hungry to the detriment of the thirsty soul. The detriment of our heart that can only try find true satisfaction in the word of God. It's the heart that can only find pleasure in the in as Christ reveals himself through his word. And now that process has been co-opted by all these cheap thrills and all these cheap rewards. As we said, the devil has reverse engineered the reward mechanisms to where now patience has died because we don't have the perseverance to stick with things to get the real reward from Christ. There's no more delayed gratification. There's no more pressing. As I'll close with our text, Philippians chapter 4:es 4-7. We'll pick up on the remainder later. Be careful for nothing. Let me just read it. I just can I'll come back to some of these phrases. Be careful for nothing. but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving. I was going to use this over the last few weeks. They've done a number of studies that have shown that gratitude impels our acceptance of short-term cost and increase our patience for long-term gains. That if someone is grateful, if they have a sense of gratitude, they will accept in the end losses and cost and pressure knowing that in the long term they'll get a better reward. And just the disposition of being grateful achieves that. That's why the Bible says do it with thanksgiving. If you're not grateful, if you don't have gratitude, if that's not a condition of your your mind, it's not a virtue you're promoting, you're going to be saying, "No, no, Lord. I want it now. I want it now. Please give it to me." But a sense of gratitude gives us a a more endurance. So, be careful for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God. And the peace of God which passeth all understanding shall keep your hearts and minds through Jesus through Christ Jesus. We're familiar with the scripture. Be careful for nothing. This means be anxious for nothing. Do not give place to that restless uneasy desire. That's what it speaks of. Be careful for nothing. The uneasy desire. Do not be restless for things that cannot produce joy. Do not be overly desirous for things, worldly things. Don't have this uh lack of moderation when it comes to the cares of this life. Be careful. We could say that it's not asking us to not be careful for anything, but he's speaking to these things that do not promote joy. We ought to be desires of the things of God. There ought to be things that we're longing for, but we ought to have no anxious for this anxiety for anything. And he says it with in in everything by everything. The the phrase is in every time as often as there is opportunity or the need requires let your request be made known to God. But in everything by prayer and supplication prayer means it the word that's used for prayer there is a time and a place that's set aside to seek God. by prayer. I have a time. I have a moment. The prayer that's referred to there is not necessarily the act of praying or making supplication, but it's the it's a word that would be used to a Hebrew if they couldn't go to the temple. They found a place set aside and away from distractions, a quiet place to say, I have prayer is to be set aside. Prayer is to find a place. I'm going to find a place or time to seek God. And by prayer and supplication, the supplication means a desire for God, a longing for God. Amen. Amen. And what is Paul saying? That where there is anxiety, where there is a restless mind, God is the one who can help. Brother Brandham says that prayer is not exactly bringing God down to man. It's bringing man up to God. As you pray, you lose sight of these earthly things. This is something that's being lost. This is something that we don't have distance. We're not carving out a place of meditation. We're not given to deep thought and quiet moments because we're always being sensitized by devices. We might even find ourselves reading our Bibles on our cell phones and we're keeping up with the notifications. We're distracted by other things coming in and we actually don't have prayer anymore. Because prayer is not just the act of begging. Prayer is not just the act of talking to God. But prayer is time and space, a place where you desire God. That isn't even really prayer if it's not a supplication. If it's not a desire for God, a longing for God. Be careful for nothing. be anxious for nothing. Well, how how how do I help this anxiety? How do I help this restless mind? Start praying because by prayer and supplication and gratitude, you can make your requests be known unto God. And it says, "And the peace of God, quietness, security, safety, prosperity, fearing nothing from God." There's nothing we fear from God. As Awtoer said, there's nothing in the will of God I fear and there's nothing out of the will of God I want. That's peace. He says the peace of God which passeth understanding. It's greater than our thoughts, higher than our wants. It's a superior state of mind. Brothers, if you could come to your instruments, be careful for nothing, but in everything by prayer, by making a place, by setting aside a time to seek God, and by supplication, longing for God, maybe we need to uncover the longing. Maybe we need to go through the multitude of our thoughts. I love it how David just assumed in his language that he had a right to the way of life, the way of understanding. Search me, oh God, and know my heart. Try me and know my thoughts. Go through them, sift through them, and then find the right ones. See if there be any painful way in me, a man or a habit, a way of thinking, a way of desiring that has become unfruitful. And Lord, divide me from that. Get rid of it. But identify those pure thoughts. Cuz Paul, we come to maybe the next service. whatsoever things are true and honest and pure. There's things in your mind that are of good report. There's things we can meditate on. There's thoughts. There's processes. There's a way that we can have our minds centered and focused on Christ. He says in Psalms 94:19, "In the multitude of my thoughts within me, thy comforts delight my soul." I say this of you that in the multitude of your thoughts and your compulsions for this and your desire for that, maybe if it be for uh for the young people, this desire for social clout, the the the the addiction to social rewards, the belonging, the feelings, the camaraderie of friends, and you have all these multitude of thoughts of how I'd be perceived and how am I being treated and and and all the things that we go through, which is a battle in the mind that in the multitude of my thoughts, Lord, I know somewhere in there that that it's that my comfort is from you. Thy comforts delight my soul. Lord, try my thoughts. Sift through them. If we can't find that place and that space to pray, if we can't have that supplication where we're design [Music] think you know everything must be just this way way we think. I don't know. Maybe someone thought you're the one that's scientific, brother Aaron. Yeah. I love it. I love it that science is just catching up with God's word already told us. Whether it be in the message or the Bible, there's this weak mind, this depraved mind, this this restlessness in our minds is constantly seeking, constantly searching. And we've got to find a way to get out of that thought process. Be careful for nothing. [Music] Be careful for nothing. God, help us today. [Music] God rest my mind. Is there anybody here that just be honest today? I got a mind that just has this static in it all the time. Got like this just this buzzing and and it never goes away. It's a restlessness. Maybe the doctor say, "Oh, that's just a chemical process and it's this and it's that." And maybe the world will say, "Well, what you need to do is, you know, get rid of your cell phone. You need to go on a in a sense deprivation tank or you need to go on this retreat or you need to go smoke this weed or something like that. Who knows what the world has to offer you? But I know a God who right now can start to do a wonder in your heart. A God right now who can begin to address things that's been taking place in your mind. You just have to first be honest. And instead of trying to justify your compulsive behaviors, just be honest and say, "Lord, [Music] I feel like a prophet now. I knew I would need this one." Just say to yourself, "Lord, I'm going to be honest with you today. I'm anxious about a lot of things. Lord, I'm going to be honest with you today. My heart is cumbered about with much serving my selfish anxieties." Think of how easy it would have been for Martha to be like, "Oh, Christ is here. He's coming. I need to make sure everything's right, and I I I don't want him to be a wallflower, and I want to do to him what everybody else is doing." And she's so busy with the pretense not not so busy want to take care of Christ not realizing it's all an act of pretense. It was all it was all selfish anxiety. It was all selfish care because really what Jesus wanted at the end of the day was for her to sit at his feet and that would be his entertainment. [Music] You know, brother Brandham said about the ark finding rest in the temple and he says that's where the Holy Spirit finds rest today in you. God is seeking rest. I can say this. You got a restless mind, but there's also a restless God who's longing to be your all in all who wants to find that place of preeminence in your heart. And if you can start today by being honest with the things that you're going through, the things that you're suffering, the things that are bombarding your heart and bombarding your mind, and you say, "Lord, I'm going to be honest. I've got this static. I've got this buzz. I've got this this desire for certain things, and I don't know if I can overcome it." I'm telling you, maybe we could even use the words that it's an addiction and say, "God, I need you today to give me a deliverance." And not because you just want to be free of that platform to join another, but because you want the wonder of Christ to be restored. We're the one that has that has upset the world. God made it beautiful. He made it wonderful for us, but we've upset it with the way that we think. I say, "Lord, help me today with my thoughts. Help me with the way that I'm thinking." God bless you. [Music]
