################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-02-11 - 06 A House Divided is No Home Pt. 1 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2024-02-11
Title:   06 A House Divided is No Home Pt. 1
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6fcW0w0YHY
========================================

Description:
The House of the Lord
06 A House Divided is No Home Pt. 1
Sunay Service: February 11, 2024
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I'm not sure just how much we have set before us today, how much we need to get to or how far we'll get, but I trust that what portion we do touch on will be a blessing to you. As brother Philip already mentioned, we're speaking on the subject of the house of the Lord. And in that, there's a lot of things that we've already addressed and looked at, a lot of ways that we've kind of began to put some material out there and uh put the subject before you. And I hope it's been something that yourselves have thought about and saw yourself in it and even um these other applications of the house of the Lord. But we know to call it the house of the Lord, it has to be the dwelling place of God. This is a place that God calls home, where he finds home, where he finds rest. Um I like the ideas of home as we think, oh, this feels like home or the feelings of home. As the poet wrote, there's no place like home. It's because the idea of a home, it's a place that you always return back to. It's a place that has your heart in some ways, if we could put it that way. And so that's uh we're talking about the house of the Lord where God dwells. And I'm just going to take a few minutes to touch on the last service we preached on the gates of heaven. And and then I'll come to our our title and subject for today here in just a few moments. Uh the gates of heaven referred to a place where heaven is manifested on earth. And if there's a gate of heaven, we think, well, that's an entrance. That's an access to heaven. And as we took it from the scripture in Genesis chapter 28 verses 16 and 17, as Jacob had this night vision, this dream, uh, as he just came to this place and made a a stone, his pillow, and as he slept in the night, he saw a ladder ascend up to heaven, angels ascending and descending, and he he wakes up, it says here, and he said, "Surely the Lord is in this place, and I knew it not." So when he the way that he phrases it, it's not that he feels that the Lord came to where he was, but he feels like he came to where the Lord was. That I didn't know I didn't even know that where I made my bed tonight, this was a place where the Lord was. And because it was a place where the Lord was and not so much where he visited or that he passed by, he it says he was afraid and said, "How dreadful is this place? This is none other but the house of God and this is the gate of heaven. Now maybe to put it in a in a way that you could understand uh maybe even for some of the young people I don't know if I need to use uh Lego analogies or what I might be able to do to make it relevant. Maybe this is maybe there's a Minecraft analogy in here but there's certain things you look for and he and you find an entrance or an access something secret. It's always there and you find it to g to get in somewhere and find something. And this is almost as if he said, I was I was just traveling and I came to place and I slept and I slept in a portal to heaven. I just happened on a place where angels come down and angels go back up and this is an access point. And and the way he says it is this is the house of God. I've come to the very place where God dwells. And where he's dwelling here, it's a gate to heaven because there has to be some way that God comes from heaven to earth to dwell and to be here. And so he's now identified this place a as a uh identified it with God by saying it's the house of God where God dwelt. I can find God here. And he calls it Bethl, the house of God, which is just that uh combination of those Hebrew words, house of God. And it refers to this consecrated place. He he viewed it as sacred. As he anoints this place with oil, raises the pillar and anoints it. He says, "This is a sacred meeting place because this is where I can find God." And he says, "It's none other than the house of God." And the phrase, "And this is the gate of heaven. This is a meeting place where the natural can meet the supernatural." Where there's this idea of God beyond my natural senses. This is a place where he can be felt. This is where heaven and earth are kind of blending together and there's no distinction. It's a quite a remarkable place. And to say it's the the gate of heaven, it brought to mind a lot of things. It's an entrance to heaven. It's a meeting place. We know in the scripture a gate was used in many different ways as a place to meet. It was a place of authority, a place of power, a place of judging. It was a place of justice. It was a place where truth was to go forth. We saw all those different things in in uh the meaning of a gate. Now to kind of summarize it now and kind of come to this block where we can move forward. Uh we we used our body uh this person we are this three-part being that we are our dwelling, our house, our home, our apartment, whatever it might be in our church as all being represented in a gate of heaven. That's what we refer to. We say the gates of heaven. It's a place where God is made manifest, where God is known, where the supernatural meets the natural. A place where there's justice and truth and all those things that it gates to represent. We recognize that I should represent that, that our homes should represent that, and that church should represent that. And we need all three. As we talked about a three- room house and that that one particular sermon that together our bodies and a place to live and a place to go to church and to fellowship, it constitutes that three room house in a way. And we need all three. Otherwise, you're not complete. And wouldn't you agree in some just even natural sense that if you if you have your life, that's great. Then if you have a place that you dwell and you can call your own, that that's that's greater. And then we're not complete unless we have a home church. uh your your spirit has a home in your body. Your body has a home in your house and your dwelling. And then there's got to be a place that we have the spiritual home. We have this or the soul has a home where it comes and it feeds and it and it's together and the body of Christ gathers. And without any one of those, you're not complete. Obviously, if you didn't have a body, you wouldn't be. But we there it's important to consider how these things are very important in light of the word of God. And as we closed uh on that service, I think it was a Wednesday night, we were or maybe it was a Sunday, I don't even remember now. It's been so long, but we have a duty to to consecrate these gates. The body is a temple. Uh this temple um lives in a home and that home need needs to be consecrated. We have a duty to consecrate these gates as homes to God. as we approached it from the standpoint of we're living as the song says, I'm just living this life just to live up there. And there's this idea that we just want to get to heaven. A and I kind of made the kind of dark comment that if the goal was heaven, if that's all we want to do is get to heaven, there's a shortcut, right? We just want to die and get to heaven. We can't wait to get to heaven. And that was it. Then then it kind of gets dark and it could escalate very quickly. And I think I said, "Let's just pass out the punch, you know? let's just all drink the Kool-Aid cuz that's the goal in the end, right? Just to get to heaven. But that idea alone misses something and it misses the context of how that we're not God has made a home. He's gone to prepare a place for us and and we want to go to heaven and we want to get there because it's a place prepared for us and it has a lot more meaning than just leaving here and staying there forever. But first, in the meantime, that'd be just a great um maybe a series to preach on. In the meantime, in the meantime, he's made a home for us. Let's make a home for him and that we should be a home for heaven where heaven is welcome where God is manifested. This is what it means to be a gate of heaven. This is where uh heaven has made its home. Heaven is welcome in my heart. Heaven is welcome in my home. Heaven is welcome in the church. And God is manifested. The word is expressed and there's an opportunity for others to come in contact with the supernatural and with him. Amen. And now as we uh approach the the title today and the subject today, my title is a house divided is no home. And you begin to turn back to the text as we'll just read it again. I think it'll be good just to reset. A house divided is no home. And my desire is to be very practical about our home life, just our individual lives, our personal lives. And I I it kind of hearkens back maybe to a consistent theme that we've had from the beginning here in our church is that it's uh what we're what we do here today isn't all about what we do here today. But the success of what we do here today can only be measured by what you do tomorrow. In other words, no matter how great the song service is, no matter how many people would pass through a prayer line this morning if we had one, no matter how much the gifts are made in operation here, that would be a great service. But the true success of this service is going to be measured in the impact it makes in your practical lives. And and I I want a I want a gospel and I want a Christ who who's with me um six days of the week and not just one day of the week or I can say seven days of the week and not just getting to church to kind of top off. I want to go to a church that fills me up a and that encourages me, a place where we're uh we're pleased to be a and that also uh fuels my my daily life and gives me some real practical things. And so uh we're I'm wanting the things that are said here to get catch our attention that it's we're not just here in a place of entertainment. This isn't a recreation. uh there there should be some very we should be receiving things that we could take and use in our daily lives and it's bringing us closer to God and making the word more real to us in a in a practical way. Amen. Now in Mark 3 22- 27 let's just read through it again and it says and the scribes came down from Jerusalem and said he hath be elabub and by the prince of the devils casteth out he out devils. Again, as we mentioned when we read the text, they had to have some explanation as to how Jesus had authority over the devils. And and so they kind of looked at it as there was some sort of collusion where uh uh Jesus is a devil who's now casting out devils. And and it that might seem like a compelling argument. Now, if I could kind of put it maybe more in terms again that maybe we could understand. If you've ever seen a magician perform a trick where it seems like he's reading somebody's mind or he picked somebody out of the crowd, sometimes our very first instinct is say, "Oh, that was a plant." They're in on it together. And maybe it could be implied that Jesus was a demon. He was be elabub and his minions and all his imps and all these demons, they're in on it. They're in on it together just to deceive everybody else and to lead people away from the truth. And and so Jesus says he discerns their thoughts even as it says in other places where it's referenced says and he called them unto him and said unto them in parables. Now so this is a parable the way that he's phrasing it. How can Satan cast out Satan? It's a question and I think it's a rhetorical question in that he's wanting perhaps to imply that well he can't he can't cast out himself. And then in verse 24, he now begins to make very clear statements. And if a kingdom be divided against itself, that kingdom cannot stand. If it turns against itself, think of all the things that a king kingdom represents and what it ought to be accomplishing and and how it's established and how it's set up. And I think we've got a lot of recent things on that that would help us if the kingdom be divided against itself. Now, this could help you to understand when he says, "How can Satan cast out Satan?" And when you think individually, you think, well, I don't know that Satan can cast out Satan because Satan is Satan. There's no there's nothing to be opposed against. But now, a kingdom, you think, well, that's an entity in itself. But now there's some way that this kingdom divides against itself. This entity now somehow separates and it's it it's against itself. He says it cannot stand. And then it brings it from that larger level, a kingdom. He says, if it's divided against itself, it cannot stand. And if a house be divided against itself, that house cannot stand. This this is uh we see a kingdom. If it's divided, it won't stand. And now a house that brings it more molecular. It brings it down to a smaller unit. If that's divided, it cannot stand. Now he revisits even his question about Satan. And if Satan rise up against himself and be divided, he cannot stand but hath an end. So you see a kingdom, a house, and an individual. You see the gates of hell right there embodied in that. But then we can look at it for ourselves that there can be a a a a a broader group, a a a broader collection, a local assembly. And if that assembly gets divided against itself, he says it can't stand. It's the same for your house. If your house is divided, it can't stand. And now even for us as an individual that it says Satan rise up against himself and be divided, he cannot stand but hath an end. Very, very plain things that are being spoken here. No man can enter into a strong man's house and spoil his goods except he will first bind the strong man and then he will spoil his house. Now this is kind of the teaching conclusion to the parables. This is the conclusion that Christ makes. So some of these other things are very definitive statements. How can Satan cast out Satan? Kind of the rhetorical question. I'm going to offer a question. This is the question proposed in that I'm going to answer in this memo. Then he kind of gives this analysis and then he comes to this conclusion. No man can enter into a strong man's house and spoil his goods take take them away except he'll first bind the strong man and then he will spoil his house. So the the goods of a house cannot be carried away unless first the strong man has been bound. how that what has happened and what Christ is answering to is this uh proposition that Jesus is be elabub the prince of devils who's casting out devils they would be of the same house so be elabub would be the strong man and he would be the one that would be casting out demons and Jesus is now brings it to this no I have entered into Satan's house and I have bound him Right? Because no man can cast I cannot be spoiling Satan's kingdom. I cannot be spoiling these demons and casting them out and casting them away unless I had first entered into Satan's realm and Satan's Eden and Satan's kingdom. I've entered into Satan's house and I've bound him. And that is why he could cast out devils or as it says uh a plunder or spoil the house, carry it away. There might be a dragon story in there somehow about carrying away being able to take the house and take spoil his house. So this conclusion teaches us a great lesson and I might just touch on it a little bit at the end. And I found myself just kind of pushing some things off perhaps for Wednesday night. And this conclusion teaches us a great lesson that the strong man has to first be bound before a house can be spoiled. Amen. But the foundation teaches us a great lesson. The parable teaches us a great lesson. There's a lot that is said here that we can look at and build on. In verse 25, let's look at it together. And if a house be divided against itself, that house cannot stand. Doesn't say it's susceptible to falling. It doesn't say well be a little shaky. No, it cannot stand. If it remains divided, it will fall. It will fail. And when it says a house divided against itself, we ought not to think of just the structure of a house. And maybe there's some uh engineering uh parable that could be used or some architectural examples of how that if the foundation is uh bifurcated and or something happens to the structure and you remove something, it begins to separate the whole thing will fall apart. That certainly would make some sense. A and it's kind of references even the word is used in that way to speak of just a a an inhabited edifice. This is a a a a structure that is inhabited by people, a dwelling. To use the term house could refer to property and and the wealth and the goods of it. And that's why it says that no man uh uh can carry can spo when he spoils his house, he takes away his goods and the wealth a and all the resources therein. So it can speak of any place where one dwells. The place where one is has his fixed residence and that would be the the address on your driver's license. It would be your doicile, your place of residency. Where where's your where do you live? Where where's your address? Where do you return? Where do you keep your belongings? It's one's settled abode. It's a doicile. And because of that, it's really good to kind of come up with the definition of being homeless, right? It's when you don't have a house. You don't have a place that's settled. It's fixed. It's permanent. This is where where I'm living. And so it can refer to a a place where one resides. This word house, I kind of catch these parallels. Word house can refer to a place where one lives, where they lay their head, where they keep their possessions. It's a fixed place of residence. But then it can also be used of any building whatsoever. It's used of the palace. It's used of the house of God. It's used of the tabernacle. And so it can refer to a place that you live. It can also refer to a place where you worship. And it's also used of the human body that demons can live in. And and so it has the same meaning to where it uh it it can be used in the sense of a house is a church, a house is a dwelling place and a house can be you. And it refers to two on a very uh broad scale the persons forming one family, a house. It's a household. The family of God, the body of Christ, the church is a house. It's the house of the Lord. It is the body of Christ. It's the family. It's a household. That's what the word can refer to. So you see again the gates of heaven, the church, a house and a body. That's you where you live, the church you go to. It's the family unit even collectively that would relate in each one of these instances. So it says a house divided cesus divided against itself. I the phrasing is intentional. a house divided against itself. To be divided is to be separated into groups. So it's not that just the house has been divided, but it's been divided into groups against or opposed to each other. It's one thing to be separated and and and and in the separation and in the the dividing uh you just kind of you kind of take two groups and you carve them out. It would be like well uh let's have some ice cream and all we have is chocolate and vanilla. So, you're eventually going to come up with two sides cuz you can't have a twist or you can't mix. You can't have both. And so, if we did that, you could be able to say, "All right, now everyone had chocolate." This might be a good youth meetings test. And every those who had chocolate over here, those who had vanilla over here, and that would just be two different groups. Maybe it's a division of taste and preferences. And that's not the division that's being talked about. It's divided against itself where you begin to make that distinction. Right? I'll never forget when I was having lunch with brother Lucas and they he asked for a water and instead of asking for a lemon, he asked for a lime. You want to know why? Because it's a superior citrus. And so that just one having one preference over the other, that's one thing. But if if Brother Lucas is over there judging the other guy who asked for a lemon and he's going, "Well, I didn't know you were so basic." Right? A lemon? Really? A and and even the arguments to begin, they cut up all the lemons to begin with. So those things have just been sitting there. But when you ask for a lime, it's fresh cut. And there might be a lot of things that go into it. But could you imagine that becoming a point of contention where now Lucas is looking down on the person that has lemon in their water and then that causes the lunch to the whole tenor of the lunch changes and then you begin to argue and fight and how long did we not talk to each other after that lunch? No, I'm kidding. It didn't go that way. But there's something about that that the attitude where then all those who got chocolate start to look down on those that have the vanilla and they start to divide against each other. They were one group until something could distinguish them from one another and create a division that's not just in the distinction but the in the opposing. To divide means to be separated into parts cut into pieces means to be divided into parties to split into factions. what was one at one time a cohesive collective one under some arrangement or some idea. Uh you have a youth group and that youth group is you call it a youth group but now they you found a way to divide them right and now it's not just a division of distinction and preferences but now there's a way you pit them against each other and once you do that a whole new ball game starts literally sometimes And it's disorder from what was right the the the kingdom, the house, the individual, whatever it is, it's now been split up. And we can we can experience this on an individual level. In James 1:8, it says, "A double-minded man is unstable in all his ways." Speaks of divided loyalties. that a man who's divided within himself, a man who may be divided against himself, and it doesn't mean that there's differences within himself, but it's a man who has opposition and opposing within himself has these divided loies. It leads to instability. Right. It says in Matthew 6:4, "No man can serve two masters. For he either will hate the one and love the other or also hold to the one and despise the other." We've we've addressed this quite a bit recently. And you cannot serve God and mammon. That's taking the man, the individual, and trying to divide himself between two first loves. Divide themselves between two masters. A master is an owner, a possessor, uh the disposer of a thing. It's the one who has control. And so, how can two people have control? They would be against those two would be against another. Say, "Oh, I serve God and man, and they both have absolute control." And God and man would be like, "Huh? How does that work?" Right? That that that doesn't work. It's a it's a paradox that's going to be resolved as false. It cannot happen. You cannot serve God in mammon. So, there's a possessor of you, a controller. And if one finds himself divided that it that's it's going to lead to a despising it's going to lead to a degradation of attitude and and humility says in Acts chapter 2 1 to2 and when the day of Pentecost was fully come they were all with one accord in one place and suddenly there came a sound from heaven as a rushing mighty wind and it filled all the house where they were sitting. Here we see a a unity where there's unity, there's power on the day of Pentecost when it had fully come. So now it is the time and season for the prophecy to be fulfilled. It says they were all with one accord. That means with one mind and with one passion. And when they were all with one accord in one place, they're not divided. They're not separated. They're all together in one place. It says, "Suddenly, there came a sound from heaven." Now, what a beautiful image cuz if you recall when they first built the temple, the tabernacle in the wilderness and they had had the the holiest of holies, the holy place, they had begin to arrange all these elements. And so you had the uh the inner you had the inner court this the the the holiest of holies the the mo the uh the holy place and this division and then you kind of had this broad outer court. It's just open air at this point but it says as soon as they set up the outer wall and they set in place that last distinction to create the outer court to uh to distinguish it from the inner court that had those two places in it. As soon as that happened, it says the power of God came, the presence of God came down and began to fill that tabernacle filled that temple. As soon as they set it up and erected it, so just as the walls of the tabernacle being raised, brought the presence of God down into the tabernacle in the wilderness, now it says when they were all with one pl in one accord in one place, suddenly God comes down. And it's showing that that um that unity that they had, that togetherness, they're not divided against themselves. Brother Brandham said where there's disunityity, the spirit of God is not welcome. And here it says that they were all with one accord in one place. That Greek word homothadon, it's a compound word of a word which means to rush along or to have passion. And then in unison, another word meaning in unison. And and it it's it has it creates quite a word picture because this rushing along in this passion. It's very energetic. I it it's intense. It might even seem to be uh uh intermittent or way that you can't quite distinguish a pattern. But yet there's some element of passion and ferveny and heat. Just imagine like a flame licking. As it says, even the tongues of fire fell upon them. And so as it's falling and and it's it's like lighting, you just see like these just random patterns and it just seems to be firing. But now it says you have this passion and this rushing rushing along, but it's in unison. It's not just concordant. It creates a musical image. Where symphony is playing and you you focus in on one one that's playing and it's just their their hair is flying everywhere. They're really moving along. And then you look at another side and you just see a few movements. You look somewhere, someone's not doing anything. And you just look at all the activity of a symphony. And and if you didn't know what it was, you'd be like, "Ah, what's going on here?" And there's this one's doing that one. And it may not seem like they're all together because one may be doing something like this, and another person may be doing something like this, and they may not even be in beat. Uh, as you look at it, the the one that's doing this isn't matching it like this. And and you look at all it but all these different things in this symphony. You may have different notes being played by many many different instruments, many different groups. But what happens is they all harmonize in pitch. They all harmonize in tone. They all harmonize in beat different sections, different chairs. even within a section, different parts, different tones, uh different melodies in a sense that one may be harmonizing, one may be playing the h the the melody. There's a lot of things that play together and when that symphony plays. Now, if you've ever been to one, you want to know what the difference I'm talking about is go early, right? And listen to them warm up. Same instruments, same gifts, same talents, same they're going to be playing the same piece later on and it's [Music] and it's all it's chaos. But then once they all start playing and they're different sections, they're different chairs, they diff they have different parts, they have different tones, they have all these different things, but yet with the many different notes and the many different instruments, they all harmonize and pitch and tone and beat and melody. It all there's no chaos. There's no disorder despite all the different notes, all the different roles, all the different instruments, all the different gifts, right? All the different positions, all the different experiences. You could have a first chair who's done it for years and a fifth chair that's this is their first this is their first symphony with the with the orchestra or whatever it might be. And yet they all harmonize together. So you could see it as an individual we can be divided as a as a unit we must be united as it says in Amos chapter 3:3 can two walk together except they be agreed I'm wanting you just to see in a house divided against itself what that what that might look like can two walk together except they be agreed again this is a rhetorical question that we should assume the answer and the answer is No. And if it seems difficult to answer no, we just we just accept it as scripture. So maybe we don't wrestle with it at all. But then we we ask ourselves, I've been on a lot of walks with people I didn't agree with. Right? And we hiked it just fine. Might have made it more interesting that we disagreed. And so we might have some kind of rub and we begin to think, well, literally, how does this work? But how can two make progress or journey together unless they have agreement? And the word agreed here has more meaning than just uh uh that in order for us to go on a physical walk, we have to agree with one another on everything. But it says, how can two walk together unless they be agreed? It means an appointed time and a place of meeting. How can this is beautiful? How can two really walk together until they've met? And so it's kind of like I say sometimes I say, "Oh, do you know so and so?" I go, "Yes, we went to different schools together." And and it's kind of And if they don't catch it, they just assume you meant you went to school together, but you say different schools. And how can you go to school with someone if you're at different schools? And they go, "Why did Amos just write it that way?" that there has to be a common meeting point. I could if I knew that you had hiked uh Camelback Mountain and a couple years ago and then I just did it yesterday and I and I said, "Man, isn't that awesome? We hiked Camelback together." And you'd be like, "You weren't there?" I'm like, "Have you hiked Camel Back?" And you're like, "Yeah, I've done it." It's like, "I've done it, too. We did it together." No, you can't do it together unless you meet. You're in the same place. How can two walk together unless they first meet? They're in the same place. They're going the same direction and they stay together. I mean, it's really stating the obvious, but it really has you thinking this morning to think about what it means to walk together, what it means to be together. How can two walk together except they be agreed? This is what is meant by a house divided. If you if you don't meet at the same place, you're not walking together. If you're not going the same direction, you're not walking together. It's kind of like that awkward walk sometimes when you're fellowshipping with somebody and they're walking to their car and you're walking to your car and you get to the point where it's like I'm going to my car. Are you going with me? No, I'm going to my car. See you. Right. It's over. We're not talking anymore. We were just talking to each other cuz it was awkward. we just were both walking the same place and oh hey how are you doing and that's the idea is that once if there's a point of departure it's when you have different goals different visions and I want to do this and you want to do that I want to take the hard route you want to take the easy route how can two walk together unless they have a a meeting a meeting place and now they can journey together in contract language in order for even a contract to be valid there has to be a meeting of the minds in other words I have certain expectations You have certain expectations and our minds meet as to what they are. And a contract can fail even though it's signed if you can prove that their minds never met. One had this idea, another had this one, and the contract failed to sufficiently lay out the agreement of between the two parties to where you could say they both agreed on what the essential terms were. They had a meeting in the minds of the timing. They had a meeting in the minds of payment. They had a meeting in times of performance. Meeting in the minds of performance. All those things have to meet. That's the that's the unity. And then if we can understand what the unity is, then we can begin to understand what the division is. And it says, "A house divided against itself, that house cannot stand." In other words, it's unable to be established. Stand is fixed. Established, made firm. It's unable to be established. It's unable to stand still. It's unable to be placed. A house that is divided can't be dressed properly because it's it's it it's moving too much. A house that is a divided cannot be established. It cannot be placed. It cannot find its purpose. It cannot fulfill all that it is called to accomplish. You may be running a household. You may be an individual. But if you're divided against yourself, you're not going to make the progress that you ought to. You're not going to be as successful as you could be. You may be managing a household, but if the house is divided, it's not going to be all that it can be. You're never going to meet your potential even within a church. If a church is divided against itself on any level, there's going to be some lack of efficiency. There's going to be something that's missing. Amen. So, the division prevents maturity. The division prevents growing. It'd be like having a plant here and the soil here and the water here. And I got I got it all. But the things have to be put together the right way. The division prevents the growth and development. The division prevents the proper use of power, right? To where things are they're together the way that they ought to be. In Matthew 12:2, it says it this way, just referring to the same exact reading in Mark 3. And Jesus knew their thoughts and said unto them, "Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation. the desolation of division. It's brought to desolation and every city or house divided against itself shall not stand. When divided, it can't progress. When turned, I want you to think of that. When divided, it can't progress. How can two walk together except they meet? They have a meeting of minds and they go the same direction. They may for a moment walk together and we could even say that when you're walking some of these green belts you're walking there someone may be coming this way and you may be going that way and at a certain moment in time you say we walk together right but you go in different directions just momentary and so you can say that when we are divided uh we don't progress the same way we can't progress I want to make that statement that an individual who's divided is only going to be able to progress so far a house that's divided can only progress so far. A church that's divided can only progress so far. A family that's divided can only progress so far. There's a point at which you can say we will never never go beyond this. But now let me just bring it a step further when it turns against itself. It dies. Yeah. It's one thing to not progress. It's one thing to kind of just get stuck in the mud. It's one thing for one to be going this way, one to be going that way, and you walk by a hiker and you're like, "Hey, good to see you. I think I saw a a meme one time of the face that you make when you pass another hiker on a trail and it was kind of funny and I'm not going to try to duplicate it here, but there's this this kind of half smile that you give and sometimes there's just a knowing nodu of what uh uh uh when you're on these trails and that wouldn't be that's kind of the friendly hi hi hi right you're you're going to let people know you're going to give them the little right you're going to let them know I I acknowledge you don't want to make it awkward and so there's there's a we're not going to be going the same direction. We're going to go be going at different paces. But then if you stopped, right? And didn't like the way the person looked at you. And then now you you're divided. Now it becomes I'm against you, right? Someone's coming this way. I said, "Did you already make it to the top? Are you on the back? Are you on the way back?" It's like, "Yeah." It's like, "I don't want you to beat me. I I want to beat you." And you start getting into a big fight. That the hike's over maybe at that point. I hope you catch what I'm saying. If it turns against itself, that's when it falters. It's one thing not to go forward. It's another thing to be failed, to be brought to desolation. And that's why I say a house divided is no home. A house divided is no home. Let me say it this way because I and I'm going to skip to first Peter chapter 5 here if you want to turn there. I'm I'm running out of time today. House to have a place if a place that we want to call home. It has to be more than just a physical structure. It's more than a building. And a house divided against itself, that's a house that's fighting. It's a house that within the house itself, your enemies within the house itself, the enemies aren't from without. When the enemies are from without, then then you know how to defend yourself. There's strength in being together. And there's this idea, well, the enemy is out there and we're fortified together and and it gives you some kind of strength to know. But then when the enemy is within, that's that that that you don't have a house. A house divided is no home. Because the idea idea of a home is a place of peace and comfort and provision and safety and rest. When someone says, "I feel at home." Right? We could take that. We do joke around sometimes. You go into somebody's house and there's a bunch of fighting and arguing. You go, "I feel at home." Right? Because that's the way your house was when you were growing up. It's like, "Hey, if they're not yelling at each other, it doesn't feel like home." But we know what someone means when we say, "I feel at home. I feel comfortable. I feel welcome. I feel like I belong." That's what we that's what we intend when we say, "I feel like I belong. I don't feel resistance. I don't feel hated. I don't feel put out put out or that I'm putting somebody else out." I I I don't know that we should ever have the feeling that when we're literally in our house or our home that we feel like we're putting somebody out or you feel put out. That's a that's why home has a has a particular feeling, a place of belonging. It it should conjure up certain feelings. And so a house divided is no home, right? But a house united is a home. Now, I hope that I can somehow uh and I know I still have quite a bit here uh to get to, so I'm just not sure how I'm going to be able to bring this to a close. So, you just you help me. You help me do it. So, I'm just going to trust you to close. All right. So, we've shifted the responsibility. I appreciate Thank you for taking that on because it's rough. It's rough up here to do that. In first Peter chapter 5, I want to read this, but before we do, think of this. A house united, there's a house divided, it's not going to progress. When it's divided against itself is what the scriptur is referring to, it will be brought to desolation. It will fail. It'll falter. It'll die. And so a house that's united means that whatever that division was, whatever that disorder was, it's the opposite of that, we're going to invert. Therefore, the the united house or the house in its original arrangement as it ought to be because it's the order and the arrangement that's going to give it its strength. Its order, its arrangement going to be what gives it the character. It's going to be its order and arrangement that that allows it to avoid desolation, to stand, to progress. So if there's a way that you could uh split that division or you could split that uniting split that uh one unit the family or the house or the church and compete make them compete or pit them against each other they lose their strength. So there's something about being arranged together properly that gives us inoculates us and gives us immunity and gives us strength against the enemy. Amen. But if there's a way that you could turn it out, turn it inside out and get them against each other, you lose that uh ability that to not be impermanmeated. 1 Peter chapter 5:5, "Likewise, you younger, submit yourselves unto the elder." Now, the the the elder like that, right? Yeah. Yay. All of you be subject one to another. And everybody should say, "Yeah." I mean, if the old guys over there going, "Do you hear that, young people?" Then the I mean, I guess the young people could do the same thing and say, "You hear that, old man?" He says, "And all of you be subject one to another." And be clothed with humility. Amen. For God resisteth the proud and giveth grace to the humble. That tells you a lot. Tells you a lot about God's nature, what he values. Remember how we talked about we're looking at in this whole idea of the house of God is what God values one thing desired says that we the younger should submit themselves to the elder but then it says yay all of you be subject one to another to be subject it means to arrange under to be subordinate and that's kind of why the old man's like because it means to subject yourself to oneself to someone else to obey you submit to one's control. You're going to yield to one's admonishment or advice. And so when we look at it that way, it kind of comes from that there's a military aspect to this subjecting to where there's a sense of that when you've subjected yourself to the commanding officer within that context that that you're to obey it, that you're not the one that has the orders, you're the one that packs them out. And so when it says younger submit yourselves to the elder, we could see this idea that yes, that there's going to be a wisdom or there's going to be a relationship, something that dictates that that's the decision maker and I'm the one that's to be receiving the instruction and I'm the one to do it. So there's relationships that'll determine the one who is essentially it says subordinate or the one that uh you're yielding to that person's advice or their decision. But it also in a non-military way it means a voluntary attitude of giving in a voluntary attitude of cooperating assuming responsibility and carrying a burden. So now whereas we could divide it in the sense that you have the elders and you have the younger the younger to serve the elders and now we've been able to create a ruling class and we've been able to create the working class and and those uh the common man has to listen to the old older man and do what he says and we begin to divide the nation or the group between the older and the younger and the elders have to be respected. You divide it between ministry and leoty. The ministry get to eat first. They get to have the best tables. Everyone else has to wait. you divide it between men and women and you have all these the these divisions amongst uh offices or gender and all these things. Uh it it's now there's a way of looking at says there's a voluntary attitude of cooperating and assuming responsibility and carrying a burden to where it's not just all on one but somehow together we're mutually accountable. We're all mutually responsible. We're all working together. I may not have the same job but we're working to the same goal. Hallelujah. Amen. Ephesians chapter 5 21 it says submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of God. If we take the idea of being subject or submitting to mean there's one who's on top and there's one that's on bottom. If we take the idea that there's one who is the the in control total control and there's someone who's obeying then the very idea that we should could be subject one to another doesn't make sense. And so the submission one to another as Peter says it all be subject one to another. As Paul says submitting yourselves one to another in the fear of God. This isn't some sort of imposed hierarchy that creates a power imbalance where you have those that are the rulers and those that have the authority and those that have the power and then you have those that are weak and those that have no say. It's it's not that kind of division, right? But it's order and it's arrangement. It's a way that we all fit together and we as as it was expressed, Brother Chris expressed it so beautifully on Wednesday night, have this idea of staying in your lane and what your calling is and and how you ought to work and how you ought to manifest and and he really addressed it from a really really unique angles because kind of we all have this idea of my post and this is what I'm supposed to do and then we're all afraid when somebody does something else. what that's when something's been enforced by legalism and hierarchy and it's not this idea that we're all kind of working together to a collective end. We we understand the job. We understand the goal. We understand the mission and we're all working together to help this mission be fulfilled. And it's not all about like that was my job. You know, I'm the one that waters the plants. So why would you water the plants? Well, I didn't see your car. I thought you were out of town. someone told me that the plants hadn't been watered, right? It'd be one of those things where it's like, where in the world do we get this idea, that this is the this person's job and this is what they do and that when the need is there and somebody else wants to step in and help out that we get offended and we get all been out of shape. That means there's something wrong in the way that it was being done, the attitude, the mission, the vision for it. Because the subjecting ourselves one to another means there's something that has united us in the fear of the Lord. There's some common thing that we're united to, some common vision that we all have to where we're arranged together despite our differences and despite our different experiences and callings and notes and instruments and and all those different things that we are arranged together to promote virtue, to promote strength, and to fulfill our purpose. Amen. So, it's the arrangement of it. It's the order of it. When we're subject one to another, we don't have to figure out whether I am the boss and you're the employee. I just have to figure out how am I arranged together with you. Right. Right. We don't have to figure out from top down or the bottom up. We just have to figure out how where we fit and understand that it's my the order and the arrangement together without creating one that's better than the other. Amen. And if we look at it that way, then no one ever looks down on someone else. Amen. The sermon, believe thou this, it says, "Your pastor here out to his home, such a lovely place." And I I I don't know. I remember at one time I was reading through this and tried to get as much information as I could of the pastor, but he's saying, "I visited the pastor in his house." And he says, "It's a lovely place." Now, he says, "Lovely? What I mean by that, the characteristic of it now, in the way that he catches himself, this man may have had a very, very simple house, right? It's possible that he might have had a really, really nice house and brother Bram didn't want to kind of let the cat out of the bag if other people didn't know where he lived. I don't know what the circumstances were, but it becomes a teaching moment for brother Brandham because he says for brother Bram to teach us something. says it wasn't a lovely home because it was furnished really well and it was in the nice neighborhood and it had all the gingerbread trappings and it just looked really really really good. But he says, "I I I don't mean it was good square footage and it had all the nice uh marble and the countertops and all the best faucets and all those things." He says, "No, it was the characteristic of it, the character of it." So the home isn't the house you live in. Notice he says it's the order of the house. Then What makes a house a home isn't the fact that it's got four walls and a roof and a place that you put your possessions and a place you sleep and the fact that you have uh legal title to it or possession or some sort of lease that grants you the right to use it. He says it's the order of it that's what makes a home. So he says and you know as they say a tent or a cottage why should I care? They're building a palace for me over there. But then he's bringing it right back down to earth. I've seen people lived in palaces and didn't have much of a home. Amen. I've seen people that lived up on the hilltop and and 14 karat doorork knobs and big huge rich families and beautiful weddings and yet witness the dysfunction and the fighting and the arguing and the disharmony and the disunityity and the division of the night before and witness it and then just see how quickly they can answer the door and prepare to be pretend to be united. Oh, brother Brandham, we were just talking about you. No, you're talking about that woman he danced with last night, right? He it called out, but then he goes down to the riverside in a box car down by the river and says, "If I ever found heaven on earth, it was in a box car down by the river." Who is the rich man who had heaven on earth? It wasn't the one who had the house, the best house, or the palace. It's the one who knew how to make that building a home. And he says, "It's the order of it." In the sermon, Thirsting for Life, a church is what's on the inside of it. Really, that's what makes it up. We pass down the streets many times and we see a house and sometimes we say, "Isn't that a lovely home?" I remember one time we, one of our many road trips, we were driving somewhere out in the country and wow, we came across a beautiful estate. It was just out in the middle of the country. It had a lot of flat land and then just opened up to the forest and it was gorgeous. It was a beautiful, beautiful house. And Elizabeth said, "H, I'd love to live there." And and so for me, uh, I I so I just dropped her off and left and she called me later. No. Uh, and so I just said and I just thought in that moment or she I'd love to have the house. I'd love to live there. And I thought I just said, "Would you want the two divorces that came with it? She said, "Does it have to be two?" No. Uh, is it, "Do you want the two divorces that came with it? Do you want the mortgage? Do you want the two jobs? Do you want like we have no idea sometimes." And sometimes we say that in a good way. We see somebody blessed. We see someone successful. You need to remember you don't know what it costs for them to get there. And then there's sometimes you see someone blessed and someone successful and you realize that's not a blessing. This is a curse. They've sold their soul for this. They've lost their children for this. They've lost their wives for this. They've cheated. They stole for this. They don't even really own that, right? This is fraud. Do you want the 10-year federal sentence you get for the mortgage fraud you'd have to commit to live there? Right? There's so there's this idea of, "Well, man, you could have something that seems so great. Wow, what a lovely home." He says, "Now, it might look like a lovely house, but the home is an order of the house." You see the order that is in it, the order of the family because now it's I think it brings it out of the realm of okay, I got my structure now. I need the fune to be right in the inside right. I need the chairs to be here. I need the windows like this. Everything needs to be just right. But now it's he says it's the family. The order of the family. Yes. There has to be a token applied to our homes. There's things that need to be right in the things that populate it and the things that go in it and the things we entertain. But now there's got to be order in the family. I'll tell you right now, I say this uh uh very clearly many times the things of the world have entered in and we've allowed it because the family is not in order. Something's missing in the family arrangement, the family order. I think it just got practical. And in that we say, "Oh, well, I just need to I need to apply the token. and I need to get back to doing this, get back to that. Well, you can try, but as long as the family's not in order, it's always going to interrupt and interrupt and get back in those destructive patterns. The devil's always going to have a stronghold. You're like, "How does he get in here? How is he got in here? We keep trying to do this. We keep trying to do that. We train to do. How does he get in here?" It's because the family's not in order. It's not just trying to get all the appearances right and kicking everything out and get everything clean. It's got to be the order of the family is running. He says, "I think that's the I think that's where I think the house of God is." So, now he brings it to church. He's used the house, the family, now the church. It isn't much so much the beautiful temple, which we do appreciate. This beautiful temple. It's beautiful. Beautiful temple. He says, which we do appreciate, but it's the order that's on the inside of it. You know, that's how we were able to turn a Hilton garden into a church twice a week because it didn't matter the the edifice, the structure, the walls. It didn't matter the carpet or even what was done at the day before that there was an order that we could create. There was an honoring the Lord. There was a welcoming we could give to the Holy Spirit. And so I want you to catch the parallel or the connection of the home and the family to the church. Cuz brother Brandon's saying look at the family. Look at the home. Look at the house. Look how the family needs to be in order. And he says that's the same way a church has got to be. Right? So now he's using the ultimate to to guide us in the type which is the church to say that it's not so much the building but it's the way that we're arranged together. Brother Chris was it which was it we're going to preach for 30 minutes and then preach for another 30 minutes. Yeah. 30 minutes per half hour. Per Yeah. Per half hour. I'll do that. I can I can handle that because I'm going on my my turd in 30 minute here. I just order. It's the order of it. Brother Brandham's sermon life story says home is not the house. It's the order of the house that makes the home. That's what makes home. No matter if it's a shanty, whatever it is, if the order is right on the inside and godly, it's more of a home than if you had a palace somewhere. You catch what I'm saying about a house divided is no home. A home is not the house. It's the order of the house that makes the home. That's what makes the home. If the order is right on the inside and godly, let me piggyback off what he said before. It's the order of the family. It's got to begin too and the heads of the house, the mother and the father, the husband and wife. That's why you can have a house. I could say this to whether you're just a couple or you're you're married and have young children or older children or teenagers. No matter what it is, there has got to be a proper order in the relationship of those who are the household. An empty house is not a household. An empty house is not a family. The family is a house together. And there if there's not the proper arrangement in that dynamic, no matter how beautiful you can make the house in its uh furnishings, it'll never feel like home. And you say, "Oh, I think we just need this and I think we just need that." And maybe sometimes, whether it be the man or the woman, they'll chase after a lot of additions and a lot of changes within the house and the decorating and the arrangement, all those things. chasing that feeling of settle that chasing that feeling uh uh that makes this home and the solution is not in more square footage. The solution is not in another trip to IKEA. The solution is order in the family. Because if the order is right, it can be a shanty. He said, I'd rather live in a shanty and be happy than to live in a palace and be unhappy. And if you don't agree, you're anti-scripture. If you don't agree, you're antichrist. I'll just put it that way. Hey, how's that for uh clickbait? If you don't agree with this, not me, right? I mean, what is the the scripture affirms it? I would rather live on a rooftop and live in a corner than a palace in a woman that's like a constant dripping and complaining and nagging. Right? That's Bible, you know. Well, that that psalm almost has lived through some things, right? But we just this is affirming. This is it's better. It's better to live in a shanty and be happy than to be in a palace and unhappy. Can I get a witness? Brother Bam says in another place, many of you know what it is to be away from home, don't you? I say it's just a little shack, but it doesn't take a big house to make a home. It's the character on the inside that makes a home. And I'm thankful for a home. I'm thankful for a home. Amen. It's about the arrangement. says in Mark 3 27, "No man can enter into a strong man's house and spoil his goods except he will first bind." I hope you I hope you're with me to this point in what I'm wanting you to understand about a house, what it represents, what a divided house is, right? What a divided house brings. It divided against itself and what it brings. And then that if we kind of invert that what a house united is that in that uniting what it brings. And so now you realize there's a there's a certain thing that the devil knows he can attack. If I can attack the unity the rest may take care of itself. So no man can enter into strong man's house and spoil his goods except he will first bind the strong man and then he will spoil his house. Right now, I'm going to I'm going to make a statement here. Just try to summarize this in a way and then I need to skip some things. If you can bind whatever gives the house its power, you can carry it away. Right? You could take the thing that has made the house unassalable. If you take take the thing that protects it, take the thing that has uh uh helped it. You take the very thing that keeps you from being able to carry things away. If you can attack that and you can interrupt that, then you can have access to carry the house away, to spoil it, to take its goods, to take its wealth, to take its resources, just bind the strong men. And Jesus says, "I'm able to cast out devils because I'm able to bind Satan, the greatest to the least. I'm able to bind him. I'm able to bind Beelub. I'm able to bind the prince. I'm able I've entered into Satan's Eden, and I can bind Satan in his own Eden. Therefore, I've got power over every demon out of hell in his own house because I've broken the unity, the continuity. I've killed I've slain the head. I've slain the order. I've turned it upside down. So, it's the character. There's a certain strength of the house that if you attack it, it makes it vulnerable. A house divided against itself. Brother says in the sermon oneness he says any man in his family a correct good noble obedient family that's a lot there is one with another any family any family and so you he might say well are we only talking about those in Jeffersonville but and you say well he's talking about any family of a whether it be McGiri or Jenles whatever it might be there's a family and then we know that there's also a family of God a church family things. It has to be one with another. And if there's anything in the family that moves them apart, then it's not right. The family's broken somewhere. Notice any if it moves them apart now that in that I'm just trying to look here if I've got Oh, I'm not going to be able to get there. So, if it moves them apart, he says then the family's broken somewhere. And then he talks about how a family cannot be a family unless they're one. He says that the wise pulling one way and the husband another. He says that makes an awful family. But they've got to be an agreement. There's got to be a harmony. When you can, he says, "So they they should all be one. Father with mother, mother with father, children with parent, parent with children." Notice how it's kind of not this top down idea, but all of us mutually together in one, all in agreement. And when you see that, you'll see one lovely picture. That's God's purpose. Why? Because in the beginning, he's drawing it from the parable. In the beginning, that Adam and the woman were in harmony. This was God's masterpiece family. Here they were together. Because God's nature was in him. And God's nature is not combative against itself. God cannot fight against itself. He cannot fight against his word. It's this harmony, this continuity even his different characteristics. God's word never competes with any other part of his word. No manifestation of God will contradict another manifestation of God. That's because God's the only one that can do that. It's just something about God's nature and harmony the way he is. So, Brother Brandon says, if you don't mind, I'll just come back and read some of these. I I'll read some of these again maybe on Wednesday night. He says in the sermon, spiritual amnesia, we are identified with our families in this human life by marriage. So our families identify us. Uh that's true because you you I mean my my children have their last name because of who their parents are by union by marriage. You're identified by that union by marriage. He says with our wives we marry and our family is identified by the union of our marriage. That is a mouthful. The family takes on certain characteristics. The family paints a certain picture. Rever says, "You'll see a lovely picture." He says, "That's God's purpose." There's going to be something portrayed in the way the family is arranged, the union. And by union, I believe that we could say not just so much the legal union or the spiritual union or the fact that they are married, but how it operates, how it functions, how they work together, the order, the arrangement, the union is the weaving together. And some of the things I skipped would have brought that maybe in a little bit clearer picture. So, we'll just maybe back up and cover some of that on Wednesday. Uh, there's this weaving together of two individuals, but a dividing against itself is the upsetting of that harmony, right? the upsetting of that arrangement in order to where now it's not woven together, but it's kind of it's stacked on top of each other where one is greater, better, higher, or more spiritual than the other. And can I get real just for one second? one of the single greatest indicators of marital strife, separation, trouble, and I believe it's the single greatest indicator of divorce is contempt in any relationship. And so I'll just leave on a high note. Contempt is the belief that a person is beneath you. because they use lemon in their water and not lime, right? Contempt. Contempt is when the difference now rises to a level to where you look down on them. The belief that a person is beneath you. And because they're beneath you, they're worthless. And they deserve ridicule. They deserve scorn. They deserve abuse. And that contempt is what allows us to justify humiliating somebody, embarrassing somebody, hurting somebody, talking bad about them, airing their dirty laundry. Sometimes we even do it about you'll do it about your spouse or we'll do it about our spouse. Oh, he's dead beat. Oh, she does this, she does that. Why? Contempt. And you feel justified in running them down because you look down on them. You're not arranged together anymore. The order has been upset. A house divided. A house divided is no home. We ought to strive for God's order in our home life. Musicians, if you'd come, strive for it in our house. Strive for it in our church. Stand with me as we pray.
