################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-22 - Poison - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-22
Title:   Poison
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=atNiwlvkBgs
========================================

Description:
Poison
Wednesday Service: October 22, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I have a a one-word title this evening. My title is poison. And there is a lot to use in this particular subject on poison. We'll come to it here just in a little bit uh maybe to background some of what we mean on that. But we have in the last two services ministered on praying on ignorance and then also on defformation of character, deformationation of character. And in doing that, we addressed vulnerabilities that the devil exploits. That not reading your Bible, not praying are things that he will definitely exploit. And prayer in scripture being the positive application that we should pray and read our Bibles, the failure to do so are the things that will expose a lack of faith in Christ. So if you don't have faith in Christ, if you're not reading and feeding and praying in those things, it'll expose that, but then it also will weaken the faith that we do have in Christ. And I was thinking a lot this week on the scriptures of Lord I believe. Help thou my unbelief until that your faith be increased. And there's a growing that takes place with respect to our faith. And so our character even the strength of our faith depends upon prayer and reading the scripture. Sunday we spoke on how the ignorance of scripture allows the Bible to be misinterpreted, misplaced and misused. And if the word which is the character of God is deformed or twisted, then it's going to deform our character because the word has power to thorly furnish a a man unto perfection. And we use the opposite of prayer is ignoring. That's the way that I would uh like to place it. That if prayer is speaking or communicating with God, then failing to do so is ignoring God. And ignoring God allows his character to be twisted, allows it to be distorted. It allows him to become distant to us. And maybe you've had this happen where if you haven't talked to somebody in a long time, someone can come around and say, "I don't know if you've heard about what's going on with so- and so, but yeah, I'm just not so sure." And the fact that there's distance, allows their testimony to be manipulated, allows a seed to be sewn in your mind because you're not in fellowship with them. But if you were, you could say, "Oh, no, no, that's not true. I talked to them yesterday. They mention to me what they're doing and what they're going through right now or where they've been. Uh, no, that's been greatly exaggerated. Or the the news of my death has been greatly exaggerated as one one uh said one time. And so there's a way that because you're in fellowship, that character cannot be maligned. It cannot be lied on. In the sermon question and answers, or I say sermon, but in the in what the message or the sermon we call question and answers, in question 350, brothers asked, "How can a Christian get deeper in the love of God?" And no doubt I remember when brother Jim Ed Dalton shared with me how they had asked uh brother Brandham how can we be more spiritual and so there was this kind of like this dramatic you know get the court stenographer here we might have had to have brother Wes you know here to be able to uh write it all down and do the and and write this really long answer that was going to happen and what what ends up happening it's very straightforward he said read the word and pray how can I get deeper in the love of God read the word of God and pray is what he said. So if we want to get deeper in the love of God, if we want to have greater love for our our children, for our brothers and sisters, if we want to soften our spirits, we want to grow in Christ, we must read the word of God and pray. And these last two sermons to me have been so important that I would I would encourage you to listen to them. If you consider this to be your home church, I would encourage you to listen to them and to digest them because I I feel this is something that we can't miss as families, as individuals, and as a church that we should be in the habit of praying and reading our Bibles. And we should be teaching our children the same because if we're not doing that, the devil will ultimately exploit it. &gt;&gt; And as I've said before, I don't want to assume anymore that these things have been taught. We're a young church. Uh most of us, if not all of us, have come from other churches and you see a certain image or a certain dedication and you just assume they're on the right track. Eventually, we're going to see the fruits of it. It's going to take hold. But if you don't have these fundamentals operating in your life, you're never going to get the fruit. &gt;&gt; What ends up happening is is a backsliding or something, God will allow some crisis to emerge so that you come to your senses or you come to that place of decision. So my again, my title tonight is poison. I'm continuing on this line of praying on ignorance and defformation of character. But tonight I want to use and is kind of looking at three different thoughts. And so this will kind of conclude this these this little these last few services. But it's I want to emphasize the importance of feeding on the word of God and how Satan tries to keep us from it. And I'm explicitly meaning and referring to the message of the hour when I say the word of God. Not just the Bible, but also the message of the hour. And so if you could turn to 2 Kings chapter 4. I'm going to start with verse 38. We're going to try to read through this text again in total, but then um supplementing through several other scriptures. And it says, "And Elisha came again to Gilgal, and there was a darth in the land, and the sons of the prophets were sitting before him." Darth there means famine. I know it's kind of a a fancy word it may seem, but Darth is a severe famine. So there was a lack of food. And this was a a drought that had been prophesied, a famine of seven years. And we know that this is the result of Israel's wickedness. And as a result of their wickedness, there was a shortage of rain. There's a shortage of grain. There's a shortage of bread. And so there's just kind of this domino effect where without rain, there's no proender to clean uh feed your flocks. There's no grain to make bread. And I want to bring a parallel of this famine that exists in 2 Kings chapter 4. And you could read about it earlier and even later in chapter 8 to the time that we're now living in where I believe and we've been taught that there's a famine for the word of God. In Amos 8 11 and 12 it says behold the days come sayeth the Lord God that I will send a famine in the land. It says and not a famine of bread nor a thirst for water. And what you had in 2 Kings chapter 4 was a famine of bread and a thirst for water. We see even in those times of famine that happened with Elijah. Now with the ministry of Elisha, you see similar famines and this famine of rain and this famine of grain was a result of their disobedience. But God is saying, I'm not going to send a famine for bread and a thirst for water, but a famine of hearing the words of the Lord. And they that shall wonder, and they shall wander from sea to sea, and from the north even to the east, they shall run to and fro to seek the word of the Lord, and shall not find it. Catch this uh prophecy that it's going to be a shortage, not for bread or water, but it's going to be a lacking of hearing the word. &gt;&gt; Now, this is interesting. It's the opposite of what's happening in 2 Kings 4. Because in 2 Kings 4, you have Elisha there, and he's teaching the sons of the prophet. He's there giving the word of the Lord and they had a famine for bread and water. But God is saying, and I'm wanting to use this as a type, that there's going to be a time when you won't have that prophet there present teaching and being able to sit at his feet and hear what he has to say in the word of the Lord. And you'll have all sorts of bread and all sorts of water, but you won't hear the word of God. When we had ministered on this subject a few years ago, we were looking at hunger. One of the things that really stood out to me is there was no shortage for the things that minister to the flesh. &gt;&gt; There's bread to eat. There there's uh there's water to drink. And in the day that we're living in, there's no famine for emotion. The day we're living in, there's no famine for personality. Those things, there's plenty of things to feed that. There's plenty of things to feed the flesh. Even within the context of church, there's a lot of things that would be the bread and water that feed the spirit of a man. But the the shortage here is a lack of hearing the word. And just as one who wouldn't be able to eat bread, and we could say that of any kind of meat or substance that would sustain the flesh and drink water would impact your natural health, this failure to hear the word of God impacts spiritual health. And it weakens faith because in Romans chap 10:1 17, very obvious scripture to go to here. Faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God. If there is no word of God, then there is no faith. You'd have a faith shortage. So the Bible says it's not a famine of bread nor a thirst of water. It is a famine of hearing the words of the Lord. That means without the word of the Lord, there cannot be that provocation of faith, the growth of faith, the stimulating of faith. And as a result, there is a faith shortage where there's a word shortage. I want to use this as a parallel that in 2 Kings chapter 4 where there was a darth or a famine of bread and water. That's a type I want to look at as a type of the time we're living in now where there's a famine for hearing the word of God and the impact that that has on our faith. So it says there was a darth in the land and this verse 38 continues and he said unto his servant the prophet now speaks Elisha comes to Gilgal the sons of the prophet gather before him to sit at his feet and he said unto his servant singular set on the great pot and see pottage for the sons of the prophets. This is the boil pottage. There's different uh things that people say that might have been little bits of meat, maybe some vegetables, but he's going to be boiling a stew. And I believe that in this particular instance, and this will be me, I'll go ahead and just acknowledge this is me kind of setting this forth as the prophet providing this stew with supernatural means that there being a darth and a famine. No doubt he would have looked at the sons of the prophet and see that they're malnourished. They might not have had uh readily available resources. So he instructs his servant to boil this stew and he's doing it by the power of God. And he's making provision for the sons of prophet in a time of a great famine. In Psalms 132 verse uh 15 God says I will abundantly bless her provision. I will satisfy her poor with bread. God has promised that his seed will not beg that they will not be forsaken. That he's given this promise that he will provide them uh things to eat and things to drink. As I mentioned here recently, I've been studying again in the book of Ruth and just some things personally or maybe some future services and how that the famine that existed in Israel at the time of the of of Ruth was a result of disobedience because God said, "If you obey me, I'll give you rain. I'll give you grain. I'll give you all the crops. You'll be blessed." And so when you disobey and you don't have uh substance and you don't have crops that the answer is to repent because God said I'll bless you in that land. But just as it says in Amos 8, they're going to go east to west wander to and fro trying to find the word of the God. And they're not going to find it because he can only be found in repentance and found and saying, "Lord, I I I I want to go where your promise is and seek you and find you." And so God promised to bless her provision and satisfy her poor with bread. In 2 Kings 4:42, it's in the very same reading. This is just after our text. I want to use this to show that uh there was supernatural provision through this ministry of Elijah in the spirit of Elijah. And there came there came a man from Ba Shalisha and brought the man of God bread of the first fruits, 20 loaves of barley, and full ears of corn and the husk thereof. So there was some substance that's being brought to him, but it's not a lot because now the prophet says and he said, "Give unto the people that they may eat." So this was a little um some bread and 20 loaves of barley, full ears of corn and the husk and he's going to give this to the prophet to sustain him. And the prophet says, "Give it to the people." And the servtor said, "What should I set this before a hundred men?" And whether it was exactly a hundred, it is referring to the fact it's more than just Elijah. And he thought he had Elisha. He thought he had enough for Elisha. But now Elisha saying, feed it to these many people exponentially. So a hundred times the amount at least that he was suggesting. And he said again, Elisha, give the people that they may eat. For thus sayith the Lord, they shall eat and shall leave thereof. Remember the miracle of the loaves and fishes wherein Jesus multiplied for the thousands. And there's two different instances and there was some left over. What Elisha is doing here is in the very image of what Jesus did there, multiplying out creation. And so he set it before them. And they did eat and left thereof according to the word of the Lord. &gt;&gt; Notice there was a famine in the land, a darth of bread and water, and there was some provision, but just enough to where this one faithfully is giving a a tithe. He's giving this offering of it to the prophet. And the prophet says, "Take this little personal bit that you're going to give me and give it to we could say a hundred men to eat." And the man's like, "There's no way this is going to feed him." He says, "Thus sayeth the Lord, there'll be some left over." And there was supernaturally a breaking of bread and a multiplication of that bread, that barley, those loaves of barley, and those uh husk of uh corn, the corn to where they had enough left over. That's supernatural. And we read in sec verses 38-41, I believe that Elisha likewise was providing this stew by the power of God BECAUSE HE TELLS HIS SERVANT to boil the pottage. And so we could say that according to the word of God, God uh this servant now begins to boil this stew. But then in verse 39, it says, "And one went out into the field to gather herbs." And so this is not the servant of Elisha, but one that was there with the sons of the prophet. and found a wild vine and gathered thereof wild gourds his lap full. So it'd be like an apron full up to his heart to his chest and came and shred them into the pot of pottage. So this is a shredding. It's not like just full melons that are being tossed in there or giant cucumbers or something to where it's like oh those things can be easily easily removed but it's shredded so it becomes a part of this stew for they knew them not. I read in one uh commentary called this the ministry of ignorance. And what you had is one did not know what they were adding. They maybe were sincere and they wanted to add to the pot and they saw that the prophet had ordained this feast and the servants are making it ready and maybe he wanted to help and he wanted to support and maybe he thought maybe it needed a little bit more taste and so he added something to the prophet's provision that the power of God was bringing forth. There's a there's a parallel here when people don't know and they're ignorant or whether they're ignoring God in prayer. They're not uh uh knowledgeable of the scripture. They're not seeking to understand, but yet they want to add things in and they try to add things to what's been prepared. And he says it does it ignorantly. Revelations 22 18 and 19. And I think we should look at it not just for the book of Revelation, but this entire book of the Bible. For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book. If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book. So we cannot add to it. And if any man shall take away from the words of the prophecy of this book, God shall take away his part out of the book of life and out of the holy city and from the things which are written in this book. Notice in these different scenes, we can say one is adding something or subtracting something. In doing so, it's no longer pure. &gt;&gt; This is what we see happening in verse 39. one went outside of the prophet's direction, outside of what Elisha had already said and gathered from a wild vine. There's a lot of scriptures maybe we could use there that that that that one who is not heir that shuck that was not heir that was a wild child. And there's this part that's not part of the original or part of the vine, the true vine that becomes that wild gourd or that wild vine. And that's seen here that there's something being mixed in to what the prophet said they should eat during a time of famine. and they did it ignorantly. There is, this is a very interesting um law that our country has. We even have it here in the state of Arizona. There's different state laws, but the FDNC act uh food, drug and cosmetics act, the federal act, I put it put it here so you could see this. It's uh there's a code the section 342 of that act calls it the adulterated food provision. Adulterated. I know we hear that a lot in the message, but this is a real thing. If something's adulterated, it's a state of being debased by a mixture with something else. So, when we see that these wild vine and these wild gourds are being added into this pot, it's become adulterated. Something is being mixed into it. And this federal law, and it's even a state law, says food shall be deemed to be adulterated if it bears or contains any poisonous substance which may render injurous to health. This is a this is a federal law, a state law that says that our food can become if if food becomes poisonous, that's against the law. and they and they govern uh the the the production of food and the sell of food to make sure that it is unadulterated that nothing has been mixed in nothing has been added into it that would be injurous to a person's health and I believe that I don't know what the numbers have been over the last couple years but at one time I think in 2023 is nearly 700,000 deaths result a year from adul from adulterated food that chronic food illnesses kill hundreds of thousands of people every here through food poisoning, things being added in. And here one goes into the field and gathers these herbs, adds them into the pot, but they do it through ignorance. As we mentioned in the last couple services in Mark 7:13, Jesus said, "Making the word of God of none effect through your tradition, which you have delivered, and many such like things do ye." We saw just how much they complicated, unnecessarily complicated the word of God by adding their traditions and missing the point. They say, "Well, Jesus, if this man uh uh marries a woman and doesn't give her a son and dies and this the other one marries him and does this and they had all these complex scenarios and questions that they asked and they missed the point of it &gt;&gt; and they made the word of God without any effect that that our carnal addition, our carnal subtraction, whenever you uh add or take away from the word, it loses its force. Let me be very clear. We do not need the word plus. &gt;&gt; Right? We do not need the word plus. IF SOMEBODY SAYS, "WELL, WE'VE GOT THE WORD. WE'VE GOT THE WORD PLUS. WE HAVE ALL THIS." NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO, NO. We have the word. The word is enough. &gt;&gt; No. If you want to kind of expound upon what that includes and what that word does to us, that's wonderful. But there is no plus. &gt;&gt; Because as soon as you add to it, well, we've got the word plus a bunch of shouting and screaming and dancing. It's like, well, that plus can hybrid it. That plus can sour THE WORD. THAT PLUS COULD JUST BE A LOT OF WILD GOURDS THAT GETS ADDED to it and it actually weakens the influence of the word to provoke your faith because now IT'S THE WORD PLUS. AND IF YOU GO TO A CHURCH SERVICE AND YOU DON'T GET THE plus [Music] not the same anymore. &gt;&gt; It can't be the word plus. It's the word only. And not only if I could say this, I'd like to make this point just using these natural types and even what happens here in 2 Kings 4 that they had made the word of God of none effect through their tradition, but they actually made it to the point to where it caused spiritual death. So, not only does it uh become ineffective, but they create a toxicity to it and it becomes poisonous to our health, chronic spiritual illness that's destroying the faith of hundreds of thousands of Christians every year. So, this one went into the field and gathered these herbs and puts it into shreds it into the stew. Then in verse 40 it says, ' So they poured out for the men to eat. And it came to pass as they were eating of the pottage that they cried out AND SAID, 'OH THOU MAN OF GOD, there is death in the pot. They noticed something was wrong and it says they could not eat thereof. This ministry of ignorance has now become a ministry of death. And now by through this substance that they added, it had this corrupting influence, this souring to it. And they don't just say, "Oh, this tastes horrible. We need to add a little bit of this and a little bit of that." They said, "No, there's death in this. It's rendered it not just inedible or something, ah, I guess I can just force it down." And one of the things you try to teach your children is eat what's put before you because you never know when you might be put in a situation where you somebody says, "Here, we want to serve you our best and they need to eat it." And your kid goes, "THIS IS THE NASTIEST STUFF I'VE EVER SMELT OR TASTED IN MY LIFE." AND YOU OFFEND SOMEBODY. And so we try to teach them that if you just eat it, it's not going to kill you, right? Well, this is a situation where it would have killed them. They didn't just say, "Well, this is horrible and I won't I don't eat fish or I don't eat that. I don't eat this." And it was there's death in the pot. I think it's important to notice that they recognized it because this is where I think some sometimes it's missing that worldliness will dull our senses and that there is this impact of the things that we eat that begin to uh doubt will numb your faith. There's a lot of things that we ingest and we partake in and we view and we put into our spirits that begin to dumb us down. And there's a lot of things that poisoned the pot with death. And what happened here is the sons of the prophet were spiritual enough to catch it. They were spiritual ENOUGH TO SAY, "OH MY, WHAT WHAT'S HAPPENING HERE?" And Charles Spurgeon just he has written some very beautiful things on this scripture. And he said the the child of the world um will can live on that which would poison. But not A CHRISTIAN. A CHILD OF THE WORLD COULD HAVE EATEN this stew and never noticed it in a spiritual sense. Listen, just think about this uh with our own families, our own spiritual walk, HOW WE KNOW PEOPLE WHO FEED ON THE THINGS OF THE WORLD WITHOUT SEEMINGLY ANY HARM. &gt;&gt; BUT AS A CHILD OF GOD, YOU CAN'T DO THAT. &gt;&gt; AS A CHILD OF GOD, IT WILL POISON YOU. IT WILL POISON YOUR FAITH. IT WILL CHANGE YOU. &gt;&gt; SAY, "WELL, my goodness gracious. I know people that do this in the world all day long and they binge on this and they binge on that. They're good people. They go to work. They keep their jobs. They they're honest. All these things and it DOESN'T SEEM TO HAVE THIS DEGRADING impact on them. BUT YOU TAKE A CHILD OF GOD, YOU TAKE SOMEONE WHO KNOWS BETTER, WHO'S BEEN RAISED IN A GOOD ATMOSPHERE, knows the truth. The corrupting nature of worldliness will bring them to a place where it begins to bring death upon them. &gt;&gt; We got to wake ourselves up out of that stuper that this poison can CAUSE AND SAY, "WAIT A MINUTE. THERE'S DEATH IN THE POT." Because what the world can feed on a Christian can't. A child of God cannot live on poisonous substance. So there was a a mixing in to this to this stew, this pottage that was called death. In 2 Corinthians chapter 2 12-1 17, I have a number of scriptures to read as I've been doing in the two prior services. I'm going to read a much larger portion so you could see uh the the full context of some of this emphasis. He says, "Furthermore, when I came to Trrowus to preach Christ's gospel, and the door was open unto me of the Lord, I had no rest in my spirit because I found not Titus, my brother, but taking my leave of them, I went from then into Macedonia." Now, thanks be unto God, which always causes us to triumph in Christ. Amen. Always causes us to triumph in Christ. It maketh manifest the savor of his knowledge by us in every place. So by the preaching of the gospel there is this uh savoring. There's this partaking. For we are unto God a sweet savor of Christ in them that are saved. And in them that perish to the one we are the savior of death unto death and to the other the savior of life unto life. Notice how the gospel is life to one and death to another. He says, "And who is sufficient for these things? For we are not as many which corrupt," the Greek word there is adulterate they which corrupt the word of God, but as of sincerity, but as of God in the sight of God, we speak in Christ. There are those that are adulterating the word of God. In other words, they're mixing things into it. They're messing with the formula. They take some things out. There's a way that you could uh you could put something together and as it interacts together, it could be something very healthy. But just take a little bit out of that and it changes the balance. It changes the interaction and now you've created something very dangerous. Most certainly here in second Kings just adding a little bit of wildness to the pot brought death in the pot. And Paul is saying there are some we are not like those which corrupt the word of God. There is an influence that tries to corrupt the word. That's why it's important to pray and important to read your Bibles because Satan will poison the pot. In Galatians 1:es 6 to7, I marvel that you are so soon removed from him that called you into the grace of Christ unto another gospel, which is not another, but there be some that trouble you and would pervert the gospel of Christ. They would THEY WOULD BRING DEATH INTO the substance. They would take the word which Paul gave and Paul wrote to them and introduced them to this great gospel that would be the grace of Christ. But then THEY SAY SOMEONE WOULD COME AND BEGIN to add to or take away or emphasize this or question that AND TRY TO POISON THAT WHAT you're feeding on cause you to lose confidence in it. cause you to begin to question it and thereby trouble you by perverting the gospel of Christ and in doing so try to render another Jesus and there's not another Jesus. &gt;&gt; Paul went so far as to say if an angel from heaven preached a different Christ than what I preached then that angel's occur let him be accursed. That's what Paul said. He wrote to the Thessalonians in 2 Thessalonians 2:7. For the mystery of iniquity doth already work, only he who now letth will let until he be taken out of the way. He said there WOULD COME A GREAT FALLING AWAY, that there would be a a loosening of faith. There'd be those that would defile the truth. He says it's the mystery of iniquity already working against the truth, trying to mix in tradition, try to cause confusion regarding it. It's a poison. It's those that would adulterate the word of God, that would pervert the gospel of Christ, the mystery of iniquity, fighting against the truth. In 1 John chapter 2, 18 and 19, little children, it is the last time. And as you have heard that Antichrist shall come, even now are there many Antichrist, working against the church, trying to make it lukewarm, cold, and powerless, defiling the truth, changing the image of God. Whereby we know that this is the last time. They went out from us, but they were not of us. For had they been of us, they would no doubt have continued with us. But they went out that they might be made manifest, that they were not all of us. In other words, they became defilers of the truth, not walking in truth. We walk in the light as he is in the light. And the blood of Jesus Christ cleanses us from all unrighteousness. And we have fellowship one with another. But now we see that the antichrist spirit is already there in THE CHURCH IN THE BEGINNING BEFORE THE NEW TESTAMENT'S DONE BEING WRITTEN. IT'S ALREADY FIGHTING AGAINST the truth. &gt;&gt; Fighting against Christ. Deuteronomy chapter 32 31 32 and 33 says, "For their rock is not our rock, even our enemies themselves being judges. For their vine is of the vine of Sodom and of the fields of Gomorrah. Their grapes are grapes of Gaul. Their clusters are bitter. Their wine is the poison of dragons and the cruel venom of asps. A lot of scriptures we could use about poison and venom. This one, I think, just perfectly sums it up that the believer has a rock in Jesus Christ and there's this vine of Sodom, the fields of Gomorrah that have grapes that are of G, that have clusters that are bitter, that produce a wine that is poison. THEY MAY TRY TO SELL IT TO YOU AS STIMULATION of revelation, but it's poisonous wine because it only feeds the flesh, but never the soul. We believe in the stimulation of revelation. We believe that the revelation of Jesus Christ in THIS HOUR WILL STIMULATE THE BELIEVER TO JOY, STIMULATE THEM TO OVERCOMING, AND THAT IF WE'RE LUCKY, PERHAPS IN THE FLESH, WE MIGHT BE STIMULATED TO CRY. WE MIGHT BE STIMULATED TO DANCE. THERE MIGHT BE THIS NATURAL RESPONSE TO THE PERSON TO THAT STIMULUS. BUT DON'T BE DECEIVED. THE REAL MIRACLE is what it does to your soul. &gt;&gt; Is how it CAUSES YOU TO TRUST HIM MORE, TO BELIEVE IN HIM MORE, TO overcome &gt;&gt; because somebody else could be right there at the time that the stimulation of revelation is taking place in your heart by the preaching of the word. And the stimulus of that may cause you to act in character. I'm more of a HAPPY PERSON. I LAUGH. I CRY IN SOMEBODY ELSE COULD BE STIMULATED by your stimulation. And if we have the word plus, they feel like they they're part of the revival. And it could just be a vine of Sodom. It could be the fields of Gomorrah. It could be the poison of dragons. It could be that deadly sting of the serpent. And so the result of this poison spray on the word, this poisonous breath that Satan began to breathe into the church even to protect it and we got to watch out over it. It has this impact in the early church. Revelations chapter 2 verse4. Nevertheless, I have someone against thee because thou hast left thy first love, the love of the word. This is what causes the church ages to begin is the departure. It's not a church age until they slide. &gt;&gt; Becomes a church age as soon as the antichrist spirit begins to work against it causing them to lose leave their first love. And it happened and I know that you're students of the message. It happened by Satan using poison in second Peter chapter 2:es 9-22. I know this is a lengthy reading, but I want to read it again just to show how that the prophet Elisha had provided a meal that would sustain them naturally. And someone added something to it through ignorance that was going to bring death to them physically. The same thing happened in a spiritual sense when Satan swed poison into the human race and it brought death. The same thing happened to the church where there was something sewed into that word of God that made it poisonous. And so it became something at their table that would poison their faith. Peter addresses it this way. Verse 9, "The Lord knoweth how to deliver the godly out of temptations, and to reserve the unjust under the day of judgment to be punished, but chiefly them that walk after the flesh in the lust of uncleanness, and despise government. Presumptuous are they, self-willed. They are not afraid to speak evil of dignities. Whereas angels which are greater in power and might bring not railing accusations against them before the Lord. Jude wrote similar things just how uh bold people can be to speak against things and be anti-anti- saying that even angels which have more power wouldn't dare do that. But these are natural brute beasts made to be taken and destroyed, speak evil of the things that they understand not, and shall utterly perish in their own corruption. They add their shredded gourds to the pot, and they poison the pot, and shall receive the reward of unrighteousness, as they count it pleasure to riot in the daytime. spots they are in blemishes, sporting themselves with their own deceings while they feast with you. There are spots in that feast of charity. They become the the a who and I'm just using this in the in the language and the type that he's showing that there's these influence, these corrupting influences that would try to lead astray. They would change what you're eating. HE SAYS THERE'S SPOTS AND BLEMISHES WHILE THEY FEAST with you. WHAT ARE THEY GOING TO TRY TO DO? CHANGE your diet? Change what you're eating? having eyes full of adultery that cannot cease from sin, beguiling unstable souls, and heart they have exercised with covetous practices cursed children which have forsaken the right way and are gone astray, following the way of Balum the son of Bazor, who loved the wages of unrighteousness, but was rebuked for his iniquity. The dumbass speaking with man's voice, forbade the madness of the prophet. These are wells without water, clouds that are carried with the tempest to whom the mist of darkness is reserved forever. Peter, share with me how you really feel. For when they speak great swelling words of vanity, they alert through the lust of the flesh. Through much wantness, those that were escaped, those that were clean, escaped from them who live in air. While they promise them liberty, they themselves are the servants of corruption. For of whom a man is overcome of the same as he brought in bondage. I'm just wanting you to take this all in how he's saying there are those that are natural brute beasts that have a poisonous breath. They'll say things. They'll do things. They'll encourage instability. Wells without water. They make a lot of promises, but it's all empty. It leads to corruption. For after they have escaped the pollutions of this world through the knowledge of the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, they are again entangled therein and overcome. The latter end is worse with them than the beginning. For it had been better for them to not known the way of righteousness than, after they have known it, to turn from the holy commandment delivered unto them. I think there's even this temptation and we have to be very careful that we don't fall for this that once the word is made known to you that we don't get to the place where we want to kind of just change it to fit our agenda begin to well yeah I don't know about that but it has happened unto them according to the true proverb the dog has turned his own vomit again in the s that was washed to her wallowing in the mire there's that degrading the poisoning the unhealthiness, the uncleanness. I believe that what we read about in 2 Kings chapter 4 is an example and a type of what happened in the New Testament church. It's an example of the day and age we live in now. Brothers in the church age book chapter 4, he says the two vines within the framework of the church were drifting further apart with an increased bitterness toward the true vine on the part of the false. Death was not only the seed of the false vine, but even in the true vine, there was a creeping paralysis. This is that gradual spreading of muscular loss and strength, loss of vitality, loss of energy, uh uh leaving thy first love and impotence. What does that speak of? This lack of self-restraint, this lacking physical strength. They were powerless because they had already drifted from the unadulterated truth of the first few years after Pentecost. the word becoming adulterated could no longer give them verility, could give them life, COULD NOT GIVE THEM POWER. AND AS THEY KEEP FEEDING ON the hybrid, listen, do you realize that ultra we all know this now, right? Thanks to uh Mr. KENNEDY, HOW BAD ULTRAROCESSED FOODS ARE, RIGHT? We had a chicken dish the other day that I'm sure contained all the red dyes in it. It was I was like, "How do you plug this chicken in?" But it was really, really, really good. And it may have been nuclear, I don't know, but uh sure enjoyed it. And there's THINGS THAT WE REALIZE NOW are poisoning us. &gt;&gt; Ultrarocessed foods are poisoning the body. &gt;&gt; And that's what Christianity has become, ultrarocessed. &gt;&gt; That's what the message has become in some ways, ultrarocessed. &gt;&gt; And people who get that taste for the ultrarocessed Christianity don't like how strong this word is when it's unadulterated. They want to water the message down. They want to pick at it. They want to poison it. They want to change it. They want to add these things in. &gt;&gt; Don't add any MSG to my MSG. It's just as good as it is on its own. He says, "No true believer is any stronger and spiritually healthy and alive than his knowledge of and adherence to the pure word of God." As seen by multitudes of examples in the Old Testament. Speaking in this age he says organization was growing quickly growing a pace confirming and argu augmenting the death of the me of the membership for the Holy Ghost leadership was deposed and the word was replaced by creeds dogmas and man-made ritual creeds dogmas and man-made ritual will take the power right out of something soon as we make anything in a church an ought to beside believe and we take it from being a believing affair into a feeling or emotional affair it becomes comes it robs it of the power of God becomes powerless. So there's this image. Now I want you to catch this image that just in the same way that this pot had been was to be healthy had become poisoned. And we see it happens to humanity. Satan sowed weakness into humanity which the Bible says he weakened the nations. We see it now working spiritually on the Christian church. Brother Bam's identifying this lacking in the church. So the believer in that day, the sons of THE PROPHETS SAID, "OH MAN OF GOD, THERE'S DEATH IN THE POT." And in verse 41, he said, ' Then bring meal. Love just how simple this is. Been reading a little bit about simplicity and found that there was a time when men were uh they didn't crave simplicity because they had it, but what they wanted was things more opulent and more grand because they didn't have it. And now that life has become so confusing and convoluted and so opulent and so many accessories and buttons and glowing chickens that now what we want is just things that are simple &gt;&gt; because we don't have it and notice just how simple this was. Then bring meal this meal is a type of Jesus Christ and he cast it into the pot and he said pour out for the people that they may eat. And there was no harm in the pot. Someone had come and poisoned the stew. They'd went and added to or taken away. It became toxic. But could you imagine if the prophet went over there and said, "Bear with me. Let's turn the heat down. I'm going to try to pick out every shred. I try to pick out every lie, every every wild gourd. I'm just going to try to pick it out or I let's just start all over." No. He took meal and threw it into the pot. That was supernatural. It was very simple. That was by the power of God. It was by his pour out the for the people that they may eat. It wasn't that that it wasn't even that the meal in itself uh was uh was the supernatural element. God used the meal supernaturally. And if I could say this and I say it with so much conviction, the message introduces Christ to cure the poisoned pot. the poison pot of Christianity, THE POISON POT OF denominationalism &gt;&gt; that he he he what he pointed TO WAS NOT HIMSELF, NOT HIS PERSONALITY. HE POINTED BACK TO THE WORD OF GOD and he introduced he he says bring the meal and HE HE CENTERS IT BACK ON CHRIST AND THAT BECOMES THE BOMB THAT BECOMES THE HEALING POWER. not trying to figure it all out, not trying to extricate all the poison, but it was add Christ and there was no harm in the pot. And I believe that we must follow the same example of Elisha. And we must follow the command for he says to pour out to the people that they may eat. And we're not going to be able to render this world HEALTHY AND NO HARM IN SOCIETY, NO HARM IN THE POT BY PICKING OUT ALL THE WILD gourds because it's impossible to keep temptation from coming. It would be it would not be wise to think that we're going to go ahead and just build a Faraday cage around our children. It's going to protect them from all evil influences and there's never going to be an image or a sound or anything. Nothing's going to get them. I've been trying to protect them from Clash Royale all these years. and then the pastor uses a slide with a reference to it. See, you're never going to be able to get away from it. &gt;&gt; And I certainly don't want to be the one that's a source of all your pop culture references, but the truth is you're not going to be able to in a healthy way keep your children from seeing and hearing things. That's poison. &gt;&gt; And so, oh, then what do we do? We just try to pick out all the wild gourds. No, you better be adding in Christ. you better bring meal. And the meal was some in this literal instance I have here. It was a cure for the poison. But it was good, wholesome food that was cast into a poison stew. And what did it do? It rendered the poison ineffective. Gourds are still in there. The shreds were still in there. They might have even become part of the mixture. But he said, "Bring meal." And by adding it, there was no harm in the pot. You must sew the word into your hearts. You must sow the word into our homes. And if we do that, the false will not poison your soul. I I I don't have uh we don't have maybe the sensitivity uh or or the the time or or the discernment THAT GREAT MINISTRIES HAVE TO BE ABLE TO LOOK AT EVERY PERSON AND everything like nope nope nope. kind of maybe if you've been trying to kind of like uh is Remy and Ratatouille, right? He had to smell all the food to make sure it wasn't poisoned. Good. GOOD. WE DON'T HAVE TIME FOR THAT. &gt;&gt; WE DON'T HAVE TIME TO SNIFF EVERYTHING OUT. WE BUT WE DO KNOW WHAT WORD IS. &gt;&gt; AND THAT'S THAT'S WHAT CAN BE ADDED IN YOUR HOME LIFE. THAT'S WHAT CAN BE ADDED IN YOUR PRAYER LIFE. THAT'S WHAT CAN BE ADDED. ADD IN THE MESSAGE OF THE HOUR. THERE'S no excuse. THERE'S NO EXCUSE TO BE LIKE, "OH, I HAVE NO IDEA. &gt;&gt; If you're going to give YOUR KID AN IPAD, PUT THE MESSAGE on it." &gt;&gt; THEY'RE GOING TO HAVE A CELL PHONE, PUT THE MESSAGE ON IT. RED FLAG IF IT'S NOT ON THERE. Just going to go ahead and say it. You're not allowed to pray in this church unless first you can prove that you've got the table on your or not the table. What's the other one we use so that Brother Joseph doesn't know we're studying? No, I I wouldn't do that. I'm just joking. But there's no excuse. And I promise you, if you're not praying, reading your Bible, and you're not feeding on the word of God, then it's not too hard for it to be poisoned. &gt;&gt; Not too hard for someone to come by and produce a list of all the things that they tell you this message teaches. And if you haven't been listening and you don't know context and you don't know nature and character and you haven't had enough Christ &gt;&gt; to recognize when someone's trying to poison your faith, you could look at and say, "Did he really say that?" But yep, he actually said it. And say, "Well, yeah. Did you know that bo slaves to obey their their masters?" Yep, he said it. There's a lot of things that the Bible says, a lot of things that the mess of the hour can say, but it's when it's poisoned. When it's manipulated, when it's put in a false context, when it's handled dishonestly, it becomes poison. So, we must be feeding on the word of God. In 1 Corinthians chapter 5 7 and 8, purge out therefore the old leaven that ye may be a new lump as ye are unleavened. For even Christ our Passover is sacrificed for us. Such rich words. Therefore, let us keep the feast, not with old leaven, neither with the leavenven of malice and wickedness, not with the spots, but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth. This must be the spiritual feast that we partake in as individuals and within our families. To the extent that you have a means of doing that or presenting the opportunity, I believe there should be prayer, there should be reading our scripture, and there should be some time individually as families around the word of God. to some to some degree these things you you must be cultivating this for your own health but also for the development of faith in your our families my final scripture here in Galatians chapter 3:es 1-14 my original working title for these sermons was faith in prayer faith in the Bible faith in the message it was all that we had our faith in order to grow has to have these elements and Paul in in writing this even shows just how easy it is for people to be bewitched to be poisoned. He says, "Oh, foolish Galatians, who have bewitched you, that you should not obey the truth before whose eyes Jesus Christ hath been evidently set forth, crucified among you. This only would I learn of you, received ye the spirit by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith?" How is it that we could promote the right mental attitude towards the word of God if we're not hearing the word of God? How is it you can be uh uh stable emotionally? How is it THAT YOU CAN DEMONSTRATE RESTRAINT? HOW IS IT YOU CAN GROW IF IT'S NOT THROUGH THE HEARING of faith? Are you so foolish, having begun in the spirit? Are you now made perfect by the flesh? Have you suffered so many things in vain, if it be yet in vain? He therefore that minister to you the spirit and workketh miracles among you, doeth he it by the works of the law, or by the hearing of faith. Even as Abraham believed God, and it was accounted to him for righteousness. Know ye therefore that they which are of faith, the same are the children of Abraham. And the scripture for seemed that God would justify the heathen through faith preach before the gospel unto Abraham, saying, "In thee shall all nations be blessed." So then they which be of faith are blessed with faithful Abraham. For as many as are of the works of the law or under the curse. For it is written, "Cursed is everyone that continuth not in all things which are written in the books of the law to do them. For that no man is justified by the law in the sight of God, it is evident, for the just shall live by faith." and the law is not of faith, but the man that doeth them shall live in them. Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us. For it is written, cursed is everyone that hangeth on a tree, that the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles through Jesus Christ, that we might receive the promise of the spirit through faith. If we could say for our own selves that we have begun that our experience with God, we go back and said that when I was born again and when I received this new birth, I I go back to this time, this moment of surrender, faith in God. You don't depart from that. You don't depart from that that process that you you're initially engaged in that you become a part of the body of Christ by one spirit. You're baptized in the body of Christ. We don't then begin to feed outside the vine and and gather from the world wild gourds and think that we're going to be fruitful as Christians. &gt;&gt; It's still you still have to maintain a connection with the vine. YOU STILL HAVE TO ABIDE IN THE VINE. THERE HAS TO BE A LIFE OF PRAYER AND READING your Bibles. THERE HAS TO BE I BELIEVE COMING TO CHURCH TO FEED ON THE WORD OF GOD. I BELIEVE THAT'S WHY CHURCH IS SO IMPORTANT. BECAUSE IF A MAN GETS UP HERE AND JUST TELLS A LOT OF STORIES AND A LOT OF jokes and just yucks it up and doesn't preach the PURE WORD OF GOD, THEN YOU'RE NOT GOING TO RECEIVE THE BENEFIT THAT YOU NEED TO HAVE FROM TIMES LIKE THIS. &gt;&gt; THAT'S WHY I PREACH FROM THE BIBLE. THAT'S WHY I PREACH FROM THE MESSAGE. THAT'S WHY I STUDY AND PRAY BECAUSE I WANT TO I WANT TO KNOW THAT WHAT I'M GIVING YOU IS THE MESSAGE OF THE HOUR. that I've received a a A POTTAGE THAT BROTHER BRANDHAM GAVE TO US, A WORD OF GOD, A WORD THAT BROUGHT US BACK TO THE BIBLE AND THAT I CAN BE FAITHFUL TO PREACH THAT AND AS LONG AS I'M NOT SHREDDING WILD GOURDS INTO IT, THERE'S NO HARM IN THE POT. &gt;&gt; BUT IF I TRY TO PUT PERSONALITY, I try TO PUT POLITICS, I TRY TO ADD THINGS INTO IT, THAT WILL HARM THE BELIEVER. That's right. &gt;&gt; WE HAVE TO BE SO DILIGENT AS INDIVIDUALS, THOSE WITH MINISTRIES and gifts a and and LEADERS OF FAMILIES THAT WE'RE PRAYING, WE'RE READING OUR BIBLES, AND the word has place because it's by the hearing of faith that we'll grow. &gt;&gt; And it's through that that our children are going to receive the same experience that we received. Cannot be passed on genetically. And just as much as we we try to build a Faraday cage around our children and make sure that no evil image or no evil thought or nothing ever gets to them, that still none of that none of that picking out the wild gourds or keeping the wild gourds out will ever make them born again. Christ has to be added into it and they have to partake in that. They have to partake in Christ. As our musicians come to their instruments, brother Brandham in the sermon, God keeps his word, he says, "So children, back to your God quickly. Don't tangle with the world for anything." We don't want to become entangled again and overcome. Don't tangle with the world for anything. You realize it would be worth it for some of us tonight before we go to bed to ask ourselves, am I further away from God tonight than I than I have been at any other time in my life? Or am I closer? And ask ourselves that where where do I stand in terms of my conviction for truth? WHERE DO I STAND IN TERMS OF MY CLOSENESS TO GOD? Are there things in my life that are red flag SHOULD BE RED FLAGS to me to SHOW THAT I HAVEN'T BEEN GROWING IN THE FAITH AND I'M BECOMING MORE NUMB TO THE THINGS OF GOD? I'M I'M BECOMING SLACK IN EVEN MY THE THINGS THAT I KNOW WORK, the things that I KNOW THAT I DID ACCORDING TO THE WORD OF GOD. AND GOD BLESSED ME BECAUSE GOD COULD BE SPEAKING A WORD OF WARNING RIGHT NOW TO SAY, "I'VE WASHED OUT OVER YOU. I've washed out over you. You haven't had MUCH OF A FAMINE. BUT IF YOU DON'T COME BACK TO ME NOW, THERE'S A POINT AT WHICH I'VE got to take a step back and there's a loss of things and there's a stumbling and there's a difficulty." And he does it for what? To show you you're not like the world. that you can't eat from a poison pot and not be in a affected by it. That you got to come back to Christ. You got to add that back into your life. You got to become more faithful in the things that you know you ought to be faithful in. Don't tangle with the world for anything. He says, "Stay out of this modern world. Stay out of these modern theologies." It's a mouthful. There's a lot of it. I don't think that I I I do not believe Someone could just cut that out, right? And end of me. I believe the word of God and I believe that it touches on all phases of our lives. It ought to. But there's so much political rhetoric. There's so many so much noise out there. It's all part of the same poison pot. And someone says, "Oh, well, all this wokeness, why don't we just add a little Christian nationalism into it? That'll cure it." No. No. The answer the the answer is not in those polarities. The answer ISN'T MAKING HEROES OR VILLAINS IN THE WORLD and all its arenas. The answer IS CHRIST. THE EXAMPLE'S BEEN SET. LISTEN, YOU GO BACK AND listen to the message of the hour. You'll find that brother Brandham was addressing all sorts of social, political, economic, financial, and health issues that are the same today. They're just more pronounced and greater. But he was dealing with them in seed FORM. AND THE ANSWER WAS, WELL, WE need to do this diet and we need to vote for this party and we need to do this and we need to do that. LISTEN, THERE WAS A CALL BACK TO CHRIST. &gt;&gt; THAT'S THE ANSWER. &gt;&gt; All modern theologies want to strip Christ out of it and then take the very thing that points you back to Christ and poison it. He says just look to the lamb of God. Read your Bible and pray all the time. Don't be weary. Be rejoice and happy for the redemption of the church is drawing nigh when we shall see him who died for us. Look to the lamb of God and read your Bible and pray all the time. It's a challenge to us here at this church to become individually those that pray to God, those that read their Bibles and listen to the word. And I promise you, it'll make a difference. Did anyone testify that it has that it is? And that'll make us healthy and that'll make our homes healthy. And I believe that it will actually be a cure for a lot of things that are poisoning us because it's a promise. Let's stand together. [Music] Let's just let's pray tonight together. Lord, if there's poison, then I just I hear you knocking tonight. And he said, if any man will hear my voice and open, I will come in and suck with him. I'm not worried about I'm not worried about all the poisons. Then I'm not worried about all the lies. I'm not worried about all the manipulation because boy, that would just it would drive you absolutely insane if you were going to try to untangle the wild gourds that have been shredded into the pot. But tonight, you can receive him, Christ, the meal offering. You can receive Christ and say, "Lord, I I I have poison in my mind. I have poison in my spirit. I've got all these things that are just affecting me. So, Lord, I just receive you now. I and I need Christ to to to re remove the harm." Our gracious heavenly father, tonight we plead to you. Oh, Christ, there's death in the pot. And so Lord, we pray that you would step into our mixture. Lord, you would step into our lives and that you by coming in, you could become that balm that heals. And Lord, I know that even of my own accord, I've sewed things into my children's minds and in their hearts. And even in my marriage, Lord, there's ways that we don't always treat with the kindness that we ought to. We don't always make the right decisions. We're not always proactive. And Lord, surely we can look at our families and say, "Oh, it's just a toxic brew. There's just so much that's been stirred into this pot. And Lord, we could fret. Oh, there's poison. There's poison. But Lord, I know that you're the answer. And Father, I come to you now, the bread of life. And Lord, I receive you as being the answer for the old the things that poison my mind, that poison my spirit, that poison the atmosphere in my home. And Lord, I could spend from now until the change trying to get my house clean and rid itself of so many different things, but if I never introduce you, if I never bring you to the table, if I never feed on your word, it's not by faith. It would be by works. And so, Father, I pray tonight that we could come back to you unreservedly, holding nothing BACK FOR THE UNADULTERATED WORD OF GOD. LORD, MAY WE APPLY THIS GREAT COMMANDMENT IN THIS HOUR THAT WE OUGHT NOT TO FEED ANYTHING THAT'S POISONED. AMEN. &gt;&gt; And Lord, where we don't have the sensitivities or sensibilities to sniff everything out, may we go to that which we know is pure and feed on that for chance, Lord, that there are things when what we read and what we see and things we're doing that could have some poisonous effect that by feeding on you, by feeding on the word, it'll render it harmless. Then we can grow and increase in wisdom and understanding and knowledge and discernment. And I believe it can make a great difference in our lives. So Lord, I pray for this church, these faithful ones that come on this Wednesday night and they hang on every word. Not because it's me speaking, Lord. They do it regardless of the minister that stands behind this desk, but it's because they recognize the value of this word and how Satan's trying to cut away at it. Bless these families tonight. Bless the individuals, those that couldn't be here tonight. I pray that you would spark a genuine word revival in their lives. those that long to be here, those who maybe have used a lot of excuses to not be here. Father, I pray that these things would help focus them. They could use the word to cure the poison. I commit them to you now in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
