################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-06 - Good & Evil - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-06
Title:   Good & Evil
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cby0r7QfGEs
========================================

Description:
Good & Evil
Wednesday Service: August 6, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Romans chapter 7 verse 14. For we know that the law is spiritual, but I am carnal sold under sin. For that which I do not, that I that which I do, I allow not. For what I would, that do I not. But what I hate, that do I. If then I do that which I would not, I consent unto the law, that it is good. Now then it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me. There's a lot of lot of heavy words here. For I know that in me, that is in my flesh, dwelleth no good thing. For to will is present with me. But how to perform that which is good, I find not. For the good that I would, I do not. But the evil which I would not, that I do. Now if I do that I would not, it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me. I find then a law, a law that when I would do good, evil is present with me. For I delight in the law of God after the inward man. But I see another law in my members. Warren against the law of my mind and bring him into captivity to the law of sin which is in my members. Oh wretched man that I am. Who shall deliver me from the body of this death? And verse 25 is the answer. I thank God through Jesus Christ our Lord. In other words, he will. &gt;&gt; So then with the mind I myself serve the law of God, but with the flesh the law of sin. What a contrast. Amen. You can be seated. My title this evening is good and evil. Good and evil. I like to say at the outset that we're grappling with the concept of evil. And I believe that there is uh some sense of reframing it or speaking about it in such a way to where we can accept its existence. It doesn't mean that we have to accept evil or believe that evil is okay, but it's understanding why we even suffer it. And believe it or not, the concepts of good and evil are widely debated and it's a really hot uh topic with respect to philosophy. And maybe that's what's been debated throughout all ages is these concepts of good and evil. But we're looking at it in the reality of Christians, the reality of truth and how that there can be evil and the existence of evil when there is such a good God that we serve. And so I think there's a lot to wrestle with. And one of the things that God dealt with me in coming to this place is that when we've been preaching on God's creation and the art of God and his purpose in expressing us, there is this idea of perfection uh which would say maybe is the antithesis to sin where sin is to miss the mark and perfection is you meet the mark and there's a great beauty in that and there's a lot to be desired in that. then we can get the sense that well if there's any imperfections if there's anything lacking then we we're kind of out of the program of God but I believe that we have to we have to think more scripturally about these things I hope that looking at this subject will help us do that and even understand why things have happened to us in our own lives and why we bear the scars of certain things and we've lost the privilege of certain things through bad fortune or through our own mistakes even in our own ignorance sometimes we do things and it comes back to us where it's like I didn't know had I known at the time, I never would have done this. And it's really difficult uh to truly move beyond that in a sense or to live free of that. And though you can't change what's happened, there's a way that God can help give it a bigger picture. You can look at it in the end and say, you know what, I thank God &gt;&gt; that he's delivered me from that. I thank God that he's been able to use it for these purposes. And there's a lot that we could just even kind of freestyle on in the outset because there's so much in this. Now on Sunday we were using a principle in music theory and how that uh the use of consonants and dissonance is used in order to produce a sound this sense of completion and rest. Uh Preston and I were at the piano and I mentioned something. He goes well that's neat too. He said but this here over here he said but this is not really how it is. And we went to the piano and he started showing me different things and he started using a lot of fancy terminologies and like I told brother Mike already I'm I'm in over my head. Uh but it was enjoyable just to see how those things certain chords can be used and it creates some sort of suspense but then when the consonant is played it resolves that. I think even the Jaws theme is just this alternating uh suspenseful anticip right you want it to to you want it to resolve right without something jumping out of the water to eat you. And so there's this these two principles of consonance and dissonance. Consonants as we try to define it here is something that is agreeable or pleasant, good or pleasing is one way to say it. So if there's consonants, it it kind of it fits. It harmonizes that it doesn't fight or oppose. It's it's agreeable. There's harmony. But dissonance is something that is just simply disagreeable or unpleasant. And it's a sound that in itself seems like it's lacking something to be complete. It needs something uh to complete it and and and resolve it. And so there's ways that you could describe this peace and conflict, rest and tension, and these are these stability, instability, and those are ways that we could frame this in the concept of music theory. But it it really is the classic good and evil or good versus evil maybe how some people say it. And I I'll say this that the truth that we see or this principle in music uh that shows that you can have good and you can have consonants and dissonance or good and evil and somehow it creates something that's engaging or beautiful as far as a masterpiece. Uh that's not the truth. That's just seeing something in music that mirrors a truth that we see in God's word or as a type in God's word. So you see how God works and how God does things. Brother Brandham even says that God likes to surprise you. says like a husband getting a gift for his wife and he says just hold you in suspense. Well, well, that doesn't seem very fair, does it? Why does God wait till the last minute? Why didn't God just show up before Lazarus passed away and perform the miracle to heal him? But God just has this nature like a husband trying to surprise his wife. He doesn't want the surprise to be spoiled. He waits to the last moment and then God does this surprise. And that's just the way that God is. It's the way that God has manifested himself through time. So it's not that music theory holds the truth, but this principle in music is used as a type to see this truth that we can identify when it comes to the nature of God or the reality of the scripture that good and evil are existing together, but yet God's going to make something beautiful out of it. And I would say that music itself is engaging and beautiful when these two things consonants and dissonance are creatively combined. And brother Brandham uses the phrase the law of contrast to to kind of set forth uh these two this existence of these two different things. Whether we say consonants for that which is good or dissonance for that which is evil. He uses that phrase law of contrast. And there's a lot that goes into this law and I'd like to just define it in the simple sense that it's the perception of something perceiving something or thinking of something is likely to trigger the thought of its direct opposite. in that you see this law of contrast when you think of something cold or you perceive cold you think of the opposite hot. I don't know if it applies, but I do remember very vividly that when uh for Elliot's first summer in Phoenix back in maybe 200, I don't know, maybe nine or so. It was a really really hot summer and and he was uh he went outside and it was really really hot and I think my his uncle Matthew and maybe a crew were doing some work outside was here in Phoenix and and he went outside and it was really hot. So he came indoors and he asked for his coat, his winter coat because it was hot outside. And the way that I framed it was that the feeling of hot immediately began to think about cold and he remembered when he was cold he wore a jacket. And so I think the logic was lacking there a little bit at one years old. But there's the law of contrast that when you experience one thing or perceive one things you begin to think of it in terms of its opposite. That's that's the law of contrast. When you perceive something it's likely to trigger its direct opposite. In Genesis 3:7, I believe this is the law of contrast being manifested and to come into existence because once they ate the fruit of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, it says, "Their eyes were opened and they knew that they were naked and they sewed fig leaves together and made themselves aprons." What was operated? The law of contrast. They had been naked but not ashamed. But now that they've perceived something and their eyes are open, they immediately begin to think of the opposite, which was no shame. They begin to think of uh righteousness and they begin to think of holiness. And this perception of the law of contrast motivated them to begin to dress themselves and then it caused them to even hide themselves. So I believe it's that law of contrast that's taking place where this perceiving of one thing makes you think of the opposite. In Romans chapter 7 14, we'll read to verse 21 uh just for time sake here. And he says,"For we know that the law is spiritual, but I am carnal, sold under sin." So there's some debt to sin. He's in in he's a in bondage to sin. So there's your uh even if you want to use it in a philosophical sense that if there is in fact a slave morality or enslavement or a bondage that's created between a master and a servant, it's really between the individual and sin. And so for that which I would do, I allow not. For that which I do, I allow not. There's this wrestling. For what I would, that do I not. But what I hate, that do I. What a awful wrestling. If then I do that which I would not, I consent unto the law, that it is good, now then it is no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me to to hate, to do those things that he would not. For I know that in me, that is my flesh, dwelleth no good thing. There's these principles of good and evil, good and evil, hatred and love. For to will is present with me, but how to perform that which is good, I find not. For the good that I would, I do not, but the evil which I would not, that I do. Maybe you go home and read it in the Amplified Bible or some other translations just to get it more clearly. But I think you kind of get an idea of what he's trying to say. Maybe it leaves a little bit to be desired. Like Paul, could you say it in a less uh clunky way? But what I want to do, the good that I want to achieve, the good that I desire to express, I find that I I don't have it in me to do. And the evil that I don't want to do, it seems to be that's what's the easiest. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Now, if I do that, I would not. Again, he says, "It's no more I that do it, but sin that dwelleth in me." This is in his flesh. Now, some will say this is Paul prior to his new birth experience. And that would certainly be contrary to what brother Brandham teaches, but it would also begin to obscure the idea that we in our flesh are going to wrestle with evil until the day we die. Not that we're always going to commit evil or that we always gonna say, "Well, I'm sorry if I commit fornication. I'm sorry if I cheat on you, honey. Sorry if I do that. Sorry if that. I'm just sold under sin. I'm just like Paul. The Apostle Paul couldn't do any better but to do evil. That's just an excuse and that's just as wrong as the other idea that this is just preconversion. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham's teaching teaches us that in within this framework that there's this acknowledgment that the flesh, the body is not redeemed. Therefore, it can get sick. The spirit is not yet fully redeemed. Therefore, it can doubt. It can get angry. It can desire. It can struggle. So then he just designs it this way or phrases it this way. Okay, we'll just summarize it with verse 21. I find then a law principle that when I would do good, evil is present with me. That even when I do good, there's evil. They exist. They coexist side by side. They're there. This is Paul and the reality of a Christian. This is the reality that you presently live in. Even when you do good, there's evil present. So when you do evil, there's good present. It's good and evil existing. in the sermon hearing recognizing acting on the word of God as we read Sunday he said that where there is good there is evil where there is right there is wrong so we know there is good we know that there also is evil but he's saying where they exist the other also exist uses the phrase the law of contrast and I would say that if you never knew anything but good then you would just know that as what it is. &gt;&gt; But it's when you perceive what good actually is. There is this this inverse of evil. &gt;&gt; There was this reality in the Garden of Eden where they were so innocent. They didn't have a vocabulary or an experience or a concept of evil. They only knew God. They only knew the reality of everything being perfect. I mean, they they they had it made. It was something complete. But it's the it's the perception even of evil then that really gives the context for good. He says and we will never no matter what our environment may be ever be able to shake ourselves from the presence of either. Even David said though I make my bed in hell thou art with me. &gt;&gt; So no matter where we are and no matter how evil it seems in life, there is a good or some present uh there's some good somewhere. But he says there's always good and evil. Proverbsap 15:3 says, "The eyes of the Lord are in every place, beholding the evil and the good." There's evil and good all around us. As God's eyes uh walkth about looking to and fro through the earth, God sees good everywhere. He sees evil everywhere. In Isaiah 45:7, he said, "I form the light. I make peace. I create darkness and create evil." And he says it this way. I form the light and create darkness. I make peace and create evil. Notice how each one is phrased in such a way to where the light having been created and formed and set apart. It necessitates this existence of darkness. I make peace. And the very fact that there's peace is in contrast to evil. I the Lord do all these things. I would I I could posit this and I don't necessarily mean to do it in a even in a philosophical sense, but the existence of good and free will to choose it requires there to be an evil. &gt;&gt; Amen. If there's only good and you have the choice, then you're not going to go wrong. &gt;&gt; I I choose the good. Well, that's all that's all you had to choose from is all good. It's kind of that's that frustrating experience of going to a restaurant and asking the server, "So, what's good here?" And like everything. And you know then that you're probably going to pick the wrong thing. But they say everything's good. Well, that's not reality. And here when God said, "I set before you blessing and cursing there. In order for there to be blessing, there has to be the absence of it. And the full weight of it understood in the cursing. So we've expressed before what's true liberty unless there's some restrictions on that liberty. It's just absolute existence. This is this is something to really consider and think about. I I've been really I it seems to be the theme that just keeps coming up. But if you reject the idea of God, then you have to wholly embrace the concept of evil. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; If if there is no truth, if there is no God, then then you have to give yourself wholly over to the other side, anti- good. &gt;&gt; So there in order there for it to be good, it requires this evil. Remember, God didn't remove darkness. He just put it in its place. &gt;&gt; God could have vanquished all darkness. He could have just tried to replicate that existence in the seventh dimension where he is where there is no night where there is uh no darkness at all. Instead of doing that immediately on earth when mankind when he was creating and he separates this chaos and this confusion and darkness he didn't just get rid of it but he divided it and he used it. And as we were sharing on Sunday the concepts of evil, we read in Romans chapter 8 28. And we know that all things, and that would have to include quote unquote bad things. All things work together for good to them that love God, to them who are the called &gt;&gt; according to his purpose. This is quite a qualifier. &gt;&gt; If we say, "Well, everything works for the good." We say, "Yes, for &gt;&gt; those that love God." Amen. &gt;&gt; And those who are called according to his purpose. So there's two binding elements or qualified elements that first you love God. &gt;&gt; And if you love God, there's this fear reverence for him. There's a trust. So all things work together for the good to them that love God. And then if I say two binding elements, maybe we'll just say it's one. Those that love God. And those that love God are them who are called according to his purpose. So then if you love God, you're trusting in his purpose. You're trusting in his will. And there's quite quite a lot that's meant here. So all things work together for good. It's not a change in semantics or terminology to say, "Oh, that's bad. That's bad." And we realize later, well, actually that's good. Like a lot of what's happened in the day and age that we're living in now. At one time, we could say that kind of behavior was not normal. As a matter of fact, you go even before that, that was illegal. &gt;&gt; This was absolutely illegal. And now the very things that were illegal are now celebrated as actually desirable or good. That is not a change in what uh from evil to good. That's a change in semantics. That's a change in terminology. That's saying, well, this thing over here that we used to think was evil, well, we just kind of socially constructed that and we're going to remove the stigma and now we're going to embrace it and say it's actually good. It's desirable. &gt;&gt; Even one of the arguments for population control is same-sex marriages. Can you imagine that? That's their solution. Wow, we're becoming overpop populated. And it's the insanity of rejecting the reality of God's word. &gt;&gt; So when all things work together for good, I know for myself, my understanding of this scripture I is is growing in that we could even look at things that are evil and bad and we might ask ourselves, how can there be any good that comes out of it? How can we even make sense of it? Well, we don't need to make sense of it. We desire to. We We want to understand within the context of our own existence, in the context of our lives, how this fits. But we know that if we love God, he has a purpose. And in the end, we won't be left desolate. &gt;&gt; In the end, this won't destroy me. It may shake me. It may be something that I have very difficult time with. There may be triggers. There may be scars. There may be losses of opportunity. But I know in the end, it'll all be made right. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; I believe even in my understanding of it is that this isn't just rebrand. It's we're not rebranding evil as good. And it's maybe even more than just saying, well, they all form this recipe of a good outcome, but it's it's understanding that those things aren't determinative. That this evil cannot hinder God's purpose for you. It cannot prevent God's love. in the context of this very chapter, God is going to end evil with good and that it can't nothing can separate you from his love. In Isaiah 5 20 it says, "Woe unto them that call evil good and good evil." This is a woe. Woe, right? This stop. Don't do it. This there this is a uh something displeasing to God. To call something evil good is wrong. And and he says, "And to put darkness for light and light for darkness." So to call evil good and good evil, to put darkness for light and light for darkness, that put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter. These are different things. They have different characteristics. They have distinctions. There is a there's a danger there's a woe to those that would look at something evil and try to rebrand it as good. So that if it's evil, it has to retain its essential characteristic or characterization or character as evil. No time can change that. That so when we say all things work together for good, you're not going to end up one day at 66 years old and say I believe my father's abusive attitude towards me and crippling me and making me blind by beating me incessantly for 30 years was good. &gt;&gt; No, that's horrible. Right. &gt;&gt; That's bad. &gt;&gt; So, it's not You can't change what's evil and call it good. &gt;&gt; Exactly. &gt;&gt; You can't take darkness and say it's actually light. But God will resolve all evil by bringing good to you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And causing you to rest. He resolves the evil because he's going to bring you to a place not where you not where you doing a revisionist history on everything and say, "Oh, well, everything was always this way. It was always good." You just come to a place and say, "Lord, I accept I I accept you. I'm at peace with you." Now, if we could, I want to look at the origins of good and evil in the context of the lives that we live now. Modern life, maybe the biblical genealogy of morality and the genesis of evil. Where does it come from? look at it from a scriptural standpoint because we could say, well, how do we get our concepts of evil? And we might begin to look more socially in terms of, well, how do us as Americans view it? We might look to our law and the code of law and we might look to certain ideas. And you go to other civilizations and you recognize these different frameworks and attitudes and ideas and you'll find that in different countries in different regions and different areas and different cultures there different levels maybe morality and they said they I derived this conviction this morality based upon my ancestors and the evolution of our thinking and our sense of justice and equity even to the point to where if we use the musical concept in some cultures a dissonant chord isn't disagreeable. If you started playing the Jaws theme, they might be like, "This is very nice." Right? And you say, "Very nice. My skin's crawling." Because they don't perceive the dissonance the same way that we in our western culture would perceive it the same way. So, in some ways, there's these ideas of things shifting and it's hard to nail it down and hard to pin it down. So, we could just look at the Bible and at least say from the biblical perspective, this is the genealogy of morality or good. This is where the genesis of evil is. Genesis chapter 2:9, we see them in the same verse. And out of the ground made the Lord God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight and good for food. There's two ideas, pleasant, pleasantness and good. It was visually pleasing and actually satisfactory to eat. But then he transitions to things that do not grow out of the ground, nor are they just merely beautiful to the eyes, nor can they be eaten in the way that a tree that grew out of the ground. says, "The tree of life also in the midst of the garden." &gt;&gt; So now there's the tree of life in the midst of the garden and the tree of knowledge of good and evil. Although it doesn't say it's also in the midst of the garden, it's mentioned this way in the sense that they are in the midst of the garden. Brother Random the church age group book describes it as being woven together and growing together as two vines. So you have the tree of life and the tree of knowledge of good and evil. &gt;&gt; So there's not just the tree of good and evil. It's the tree of knowledge. Knowledge of what? Knowledge of good and evil. &gt;&gt; Prior to their eyes being open, they only had knowledge of God. Good. &gt;&gt; The tree of knowledge, that's skill or perception. So it's the skill or perception of good and evil. It's a discernment or understanding wisdom in good or evil or and evil. Notice how it's one step further. Not just a knowledge of good, not just a perception of good, but now there's this perception of what is good and what is evil. Good is defined. Even in the Hebrew, the word is agreeable or pleasant. Speaks of welfare, prosperity, happiness, or something that is a benefit. A tree of things agreeable. Knowledge of things that are agreeable or pleasant. Knowledge of consonants or this evil. Oh, I'd love it. Before we go on, God in the first two chapters of Genesis, he remarks eight times about the goodness of his creation. He saw that it was good. He saw that it was good and he sees it very good. It's it's right. It's appropriate. It's becoming. That's all that it was. But then evil is something disagreeable or unpleasant, a distress, a misery, a calamity, an injury, a wrong, some sort of detriment. Whereas the the good is a benefit. But now we have the tree and the knowledge of good, things that can be a benefit, things that are pleasing, things that are happy, things that lead to prosperity. But then we have this knowledge also of things that are evil that cause injury or wrong or a detriment. And it's this tree, the tree of knowledge, of good and evil. The tree of knowledge of good and evil is in contrast to the tree of life. What is the tree of life? It's the tree of eternal life. The tree of knowledge of good and evil is a mixed tree. It's not just evil, right? It's not just a tree of knowledge of evil, but it's the tree of knowledge of good and evil. It's mingled good with bad. &gt;&gt; You're going to have both. If I could say this, all life on earth originates from that tree. &gt;&gt; If we all originated from the tree of life, there would be no death. There would be no sin. But all that was that lives today in the world that we live in today comes from the tree of the consequence or fruit of the tree. Our genealogy goes back to the tree of knowledge of good and evil. Therefore, all that is in the earth now and all that was good then now breathe the atmosphere of evil. But Christ, he is that tree of life in 2 Corinthians chapter 5 21. For he made him to be sin for us. Not in his genesis, but in his death. He wasn't sin from the beginning. He made him to be sin for us. There's the wounding. There's the marring. This is what made him a masterpiece. This is where that which is good now bears that which is evil. And now he even takes upon himself the tree of life. now bears the fruit of the tree of knowledge of good and evil in order to resolve it. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Takes him who knew no sin that we might be made the righteousness of God in him. So Jesus Christ does not come from this evil economy. Really believe the the truth of the original sin helps us to understand who Christ is. If really it was just eating the apple uh that caused the fall, then I believe Jesus should have just been born and been give me a good hearty amen now. Been born from a woman through mother and father alert and then been on the carnivore diet. Come on. Come on, Republicans. Give me a hearty amen. &gt;&gt; Red meat, water, salt. Come on now. It was that's all that would have resolved it. Don't eat fruit. But we know that's not what he did. He was not born of an evil economy. In Psalm 51:5, behold, David says, I was shapen in iniquity and in sin did my mother conceive me. &gt;&gt; That doesn't mean she was in an adulterous affair. It doesn't mean he was conceived by someone other than his uh his father, though there's some that take the scripture to say imply that he was illegitimate. But he's saying, I was con the very act itself puts a stain on me. As Job said, how can the man be justified with God? Or how can he be clean that is born of a woman? Job 25:4 not know it teaches us that Christ was not conceived in sin. He was not born between a man and a woman. Therefore, he's not stained by the original sin. Those of us who are born of a woman, we are born with sin uh in in our members. We're not clean from birth because in sin were we conceived. It's by virtue of that uh sexual conception and therefore this birth by the woman that we come forward into this world as this wrestling of good and evil &gt;&gt; in our flesh. But Christ, he's the tree of life. &gt;&gt; Think about this principle. Maybe do some uh searching in the scripture. Christ is the tree of life. Christ is the beginning and Christ is the fountain and Christ is where things begin. You're looking at Colossians that he might have the preeminence. Christ is the tree of life. He's the fountain of all understanding. He's the fountain of all wisdom. He's the fountain of all power. &gt;&gt; So this Christ is the Bible says the wisdom of God. &gt;&gt; Really think about that when Sunday I want to come to further this idea of how that evil exists amongst us and use the concept of death and how we all have to face that and we suffer and it's it's it's awful. You find that it's wisdom that is opposed to death. So Christ is that wisdom and power of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Revelations chapter 22:2, Christ is that tree of life. And in Revelations chapter 22, it says, "In the midst of the street of it, that new Jerusalem, the city of God, on e either side of the river, was there the tree of life, which bare 12 manner of fruits and yielded her fruit every month, and the leaves of the tree were for the healing of the nations." &gt;&gt; One thing you'll notice now is that there is no tree of knowledge of good and evil. It's not there. &gt;&gt; It's there in the beginning. It's remarkable the contrast of what we see in the beginning. All the Eden, the garden of God, the pleasure place of God and and his delight and everything was perfect and everything was wonderful. But yet God is setting that up. He knew it wouldn't end up there. As a matter of fact, he didn't want to though he started there. That's not where he wanted to end. He wanted to bring it to Revelations. He wanted this this heaven and earth with no evil in it at all. And so this tree of knowledge of good and evil, though it doesn't exist in Revelations 22, it exists in the garden because iniquity was first acquired by Lucifer in heaven. This is how brother Brandham places it in the sermon perfection. He said, "This great chain of perfection was broken by time space." Brother Brandham was using the phrase and the terminology before Stephen Hawkings. So I just believe that Stephen Hawkings plagiarized brother Brandham. &gt;&gt; That's where I'm going to leave it. We should have a, you know, don't believe a Stephen Hawking website. This great chain of perfection was broken by time space. Time came because of sin. Let's draw a picture of time. And I know most of you are probably familiar with this. It's talking about this chain of pro perfection. If you want to use a figure eight, the sign for eternity. It's this unbroken circle. It's just always the same. He says, but let's draw a perfect circle forever and ever then all at once. Sin dropped in. And he says, "Put a little hickey or a little drop in the chain." So it comes down now. So you have your circle and then something breaks off of it. And he says, "Eternity continues on, but now that it kind of has this appendage or this breakoff point called time, he says it's not in a perfect condition." He calls it a gap. There's a little gap that comes down, breaks over this way, goes out this way. Now that's that to me that just adds this other dimension to it. At one time all you have is eternity, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And now all of a sudden as eternity continues, something just kind of breaks off, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Like what do we do with this? I we might as we grow old we might get skin tags. It's like forever just was contin of a sudden something came. What do we do with this? This doesn't fit. It says God had to do that because Satan caused it. &gt;&gt; When did he have to do that? Think think about this. when God I I guess I don't even think I'm getting no I'm not getting to it tonight. God told him the day you eat there of that day you die &gt;&gt; there and and there had to be there's day and night there's intervals there's concepts of life and death a tree of life and a tree of knowledge of good and evil. So when this moment where God has to do that because Satan caused it, he says, "And it dropped down to a space of time for the trying and the perfecting and for the purging of the lost that God by his sovereign grace might someday lift that little hickey or gap back into the perfect circle. So time begins because of sin, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Time begins because of sin. If you want to understand maybe a parallel to that, the church ages begin because of a falling away. the entire gentile church age is the consequence of a falling away. So, as long as you're in church age mentality, you're fallen. You're you're subject to cycles of revival and death. And so, as soon as time, this time, this concept of time, if I could say, drawing from what brother Brandham's teaching is that time is the result of sin. And God is using time in order to deal with evil &gt;&gt; to deal with the devil and all his angels and to eradicate once and for all purge evil. &gt;&gt; So that's why we have if I can say this is why you have in the garden of Eden the tree of knowledge of good and evil. That's why you have intervals of day. That's why you have this a lot of elements that we hold so dear to our current existence existed then. and say, "How do we get there in this place where one small step becomes this falling point for all of humanity and mankind?" God had to deal with sin, put man upon the basis that he would choose. Things have unfolded from then. But this tree of knowledge of good and evil is in the garden because iniquity begin in heaven. And now time becomes this place where God wants to deal with evil. Jesus uses the parable this way. Matthew chapter 13 read a few verses 24- 26 and then skip to verses 36 to 40 says and another parable put he forth unto them saying the kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which sowed good seed in his field but while men slept his enemy came and sowed tears among the wheat and went his way. Now using this in symbolic form as a parable, he's wanting to teach a concept. But we can we can see that there's a lot in this that there's a sewing of good seed. And when God created the heavens and the earth, all seed was there by the spoken word. And each seed was to bring forth of its kind. And he saw that it was good. Each species, each genus, each one after its own kind. He says, "This is good." But while he slept and when God took his rest on that seventh day, it's in that time that Satan does what? He takes the seeds and he mingles them. &gt;&gt; And in doing so, it changes the original order. So while men slept, his enemy came and swed tears among the wheat and went his way. But when he the blade was sprung up and brought forth fruit, then appeared the tears also. So now it's not just producing the original, it's producing something else. So now they desire to know the meaning of this parable and they say Jesus sent the multitude away and went into the house and his disciples came and says declare unto this the parable of the tears of the field. This wouldn't be uh completely unknown to them in the sense that when Jesus said you're of their father the devil what do they say? we be not born of fornication. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; They had this idea that the genesis of evil began in the garden, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; That they were there was the wicked one of whom the children of the earth, the Gentiles, they were the wicked ones, but they believed that they were the righteous nation by natural birth. And so it says, "Well, tell us more about the tears of the field." And he answered and said, "He that sweth the good seed is the son of man." So there's good seed. And we say if there's good seed, then there's bad seed. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Monsanto is not mentioned at all here. But the field is the world. The good seed are the children of the kingdom, but the tears are the children of the wicked one. I know that kind of drives us to this razor razor's edge where we're the good kids and everyone else is the bad kids, right? All the other kids, well, with the pumped up kicks, right? They're the bad ones. They're the bad ones. They're the evil ones. And we're the good ones. We're the ones that are are the holy. We're the ones that are righteous. Now, we're all in that same boat. There's children of the kingdom of God, and they are born of incorruptible seed, which liveth and abideth forever. And the tears are the fruits of the wicked one. &gt;&gt; We don't even need to just drill it down to this idea that we're all by natural birth going to decide, you're going to, you know, there's some sort of DNA test to determine whether or not you're a child of God or a child of the devil. But these are the fruits of the wicked one. Wherein is righteousness? Wherein is your relationship to God? It's through Jesus Christ by a new birth. That's why I said there's none good but God. So here it's not just trying to base it in genealogy, but where the the good things are sed by God because every good and perfect gift cometh down from the father of lights, you being a child of God. But now they have the fruits of the wicked one. He says the enemy that swed them is the devil. The harvest is the end of the world and the reapers are the angels. As therefore the tears are gathered and burned in the fire, so shall it be in the end of this world. There's your resolution. Evil is gathered together. But notice the reason why we have evil is because of what Satan swed in the beginning. Now he he can't sow good. He can only pervert evil good to evil. He could always he can only do something to what God originally formed by adding to or taking away and changing the concept context of it in order to bring forth evil. So it is the devil that has swed evil seed. So in this life it's inescapable inescapable. There's going to be evil and there's going to be good in whatever forms it may be. In Matthew 7 15 to20 he says beware of false prophets which come to you in sheep's clothing but inwardly they are raven and wolves. Ye shall know them by their fruits. This is the real teaching point. Do men gather grapes of thorns or figs of thistles? You know a tree by its characteristics. &gt;&gt; Does the does the grape vine have the thorns? Does the fig have the thistles? Are are you gathering uh think of the the fruits of the tree and their their availability and their readiness and are they do you gather grapes with in a thorny tree? Are you gathering figs in a a tree full of thistles? He says even so every good tree bringeth forth good fruit. But a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit. So the tree of uh life brings up forth only good fruit. God can only bring forth good fruit. But once a tree is corrupted, it brings forth evil fruit. A good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit. You have a tree of good, you have a tree of good and evil. Every tree that bringeth not forth good fruit is heuned down and cast into the fire. So here's your going back to say going back, but go forward to Matthew chapter 13. The tears are gathered together and burned in the fire. the fruit of the bad seed. The fruit of the seed sown by the devil is burned in the fire. So that tree which bringeth forth fruit that is not good is cut down and cast in the fire. Wherefore by their fruits ye shall know them. A primary objective in looking at Matthew chapter 13 and Matthew chapter 7 is just to see good and evil. There's good seed and there's bad seed. There's good and there evil. A tree is known by its fruit. It's the fruits that speak of whether or not the life is pure and whether or not it's good. I was going to go to James, the book of James, where it speaks of how can a fountain give forth sweet water and bitter water together. It can't. And he and he's kind of chastising them in terms of how can you use a mouth to bless God but with the same mouth pour out cursings. And he's saying you don't get these contrasting things from the same pure source. &gt;&gt; There's got to be something mixed in, something that contaminated it. Amen. &gt;&gt; So there is in life good and evil, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Have we not experienced good? And when we do, who do we thank for it? God. &gt;&gt; Have we also experienced evil? &gt;&gt; Yes, we experienced it. It's very real. And being born again and following Christ has not just changed the world to where now everything is just perfect. &gt;&gt; No matter what happens, we can just say, "Man, isn't that good? Isn't that nice? That feels good. There's still hurts. There's pains. There's rejection. There's still evil in all its various forms. If you could turn to Ecclesiastes chapter 3 and have been reading a lot about how Solomon looked at life, what was his conclusion? Vexations. &gt;&gt; Vanity. Vexation. Over and over again. This is his conclusion. It's quite uh concerning for those of us who don't have the same wisdom nor the same wealth that he had because he tried to resolve it through entertainment. He tried to resolve it through good food. He tried to resolve it through these pursuits and passions and through through all sorts of ways like through his wisdom and through the flesh and so figured that if I maybe I could unlock this key and then I'll find that it's not vanity anymore. But then he even realized no matter how much wealth I accumulate it, I'm going to die one day because death now forms this huge problem and who's going to have it after me? So what good did it do me? He was no matter how much wisdom I had, I couldn't figure this one out. And so as he wrestles with it, one of the most important passages in this, I think maybe one of the most familiar, but I think also misunderstood is Ecclesiastes chapter 3:es 1 to8. To everything there is a season and a time to every purpose under the heaven. We recognize this. This is there's a time for every one of these. As the the the the poet said, you know, there's a turning, right? Turn turn to everything. There's a season, a time to every purpose under heaven. A time to now think. A time to be born and a time to die. A time to plant and a time to pluck up that which is planted. A time to kill and a time to heal. Not notice this this pattern. Consonant dissonance. One's good being born good dying bad. Plant good. Now you're plucking up what I just planted. That's like the ending of life. But you see this interval. Time to break down and a time to build up. A time to weep and a time to laugh. A time to mourn, a time to dance. These are these contrastings. A time to cast away stones. A time to gather stones together. A time to embrace and a time to refrain from embracing. A time to get, a time to loose, a time to keep and a time to cast away. A time to rend and a time to sew. You rip, but yet then you mend. A time to keep silence and a time to speak. A time to love and a time to hate. Now we begin to read this as excuses, right? Oh, guess what time it is? time to hate, a time of war, and a time of peace. As you read this, you see that this alternate cycle of a time to plant, but then there comes a time when that which is planted is plucked up. So, it's seasons and times, these intervals even in this, not every single instance can necessarily be cast this way, but this these intervals of good and evil. And the time here doesn't necessarily mean that we got to be watching the calendar because we want to know whether or not Tuesday is a crying day or a laughing day, but rather it just means that time here means an experience &gt;&gt; or the occurrence &gt;&gt; or the occasion. Therefore, we don't we don't have this idea in our minds, I've loved, but guess what? Now it's time to just flat out hate &gt;&gt; and it's a time to God's appointed a time. No, it just means there's times of joy. There's times of love and a time of hate. There's times of life and a time of death. It's the very idea here, the time to kill, right? And all the assassins are kind of like, hey, it's my time. But it says a time to kill. It means there it's a time to die by violence or to succumb to illness. &gt;&gt; In other words, I almost say death is never really timely. &gt;&gt; Someone say, "Oh, my my uncle dies." Like, was was it timely? Hey, I mean, maybe we use the phrase a timely demise, but really, no matter how you look at it, it's like, you know, they knew they were dying for like 12 years and you're thinking, "Oh, isn't that good?" And you're thinking, "No, no, that's horrible." Or they just went in an instance, they didn't suffer at all. Listen, there's not a way, I'm just going to say, there's not a way to look at death from here and say, "Wasn't that good?" &gt;&gt; So, there's a time to kill. That just means that it doesn't mean that we now have this justification that well sometimes it's okay to kill but it means there's a time to die but then a time to heal. So there's times and occasions where someone dies due to violence but then there's times when someone who has suffered violence heals. These are just occurrences. These are just experiences or occasions. There's times when we're happy. There's times when we're sad. There's moments and occasions. This is life. To everything there's a season and a time to every purpose under the heaven. So life has this appointment appointed cycle of seasons and changes. Seasons of this, seasons of that. Ecclesiastes chapter 1:es 1:7 Solomon has already observed this in nature. The words of the preacher, the son of David, king of Jerusalem. Vanity of vanity, sayeth the preacher. Vanity of vanities, all is vanity. What profitth have a man of all his labor which he taketh under the sun? What a great question. One generation passeth and another generation cometh, but the earth abideth forever. So what is this? Humanity comes and goes, but now you have this ever abiding earth. But now he makes this observation. The sun rises and the sun goes down and haste to the place where he arose. He goes in a cycle. The wind goth toward the south and turneth about unto the north. It whirleth about continually and the wind returneth again according to his circuits. That's why some say that when we drink water, we're drinking billions of years old water because it just it's just part of the cycle. All the rivers run to the sea yet the sea is not full under the place from whence the rivers come. Fiv return again. He's observing everything's going in these cycles. everything even in nature there's this way that there's these cycles these waves these circuits these ever repeating patterns it's in nature man dies he's not seen from again the next gen generation comes it kind of passes that's what the the the the reality even of death is you know when some people say well losing their parents is such a a difficult thing because now they realize they're next &gt;&gt; right they're kind of your your parents kind of form this bull work like they're the generation that's aging but then when they pass away it's like I I'm the one that's now up to bat I'm the one that could suffer suffer this next and there's these cycles and he says so everything there's a time for this there's a time for that vanity of vanities and he says but then I even re look at the earth that seems to always abide and exist despite who's living upon it but itself has cycles &gt;&gt; so if everything's vanity and though we there's a time to be born and we live out our lives And we know that it's just a march to the graveyard and we all die. Then what are we to do? How do we cope with this? I maybe even say this, how do we stay good? Because if there truly is no if there is no ultimate reality of eternal life, do that. So what some people say that eternal life in and God it was a construct in order to uh moderate behavior. You ever heard that before? Ever heard that before? &gt;&gt; Sure. &gt;&gt; I mean, this is one of the tenants of some a philosophy. In order for man to moderate behavior and to give purpose to life, they had to invent an afterlife, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Otherwise, you just live and you die. &gt;&gt; And so, if you only have this idea that one day you're going to live, I think we've already talked about it in our services here, how that if that it it's in the reality of the life beyond this, if there's no reality of consequence beyond this, then just live life to the fullest. &gt;&gt; What? Minimize pain, maximize pleasure. &gt;&gt; The nihilism of, hey, this is what I got to do with life. And there's really no evil except you trying to prevent my will to power to enjoy everything that I can enjoy. And because I want to get the most out of life and make myself happy, then I'm going to rise above all of your attempts to deprive me of what I call pleasure. There really is no good except your own if we don't recognize the conclusion of all this. When I say your own good, your own pleasure. Ecclesiastes 12 13 and 14. He has he has scoured the world. He's tried everything. He's ranted for 11 chapters and he says, "Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter. &gt;&gt; He figured it out. Fear God and keep his commandments. &gt;&gt; For for this is this is what's right for man. This is his purpose. That's the whole duty of man. What what binds them together? What upholds him? What gives him purpose and meaning? And and he doesn't just say it merely as this emptiness. But then he even brings in delight. For God shall bring every work into judgment with every secret thing whether it be good or whether it be evil. &gt;&gt; Let us hear the conclusion of the matter. He says, "Fear God and keep his commandments." So when Solomon has looked at everything and it said everything's vanity, the only thing that resolved these continual cycles was this reality that I to fear God to keep his commandments because God's going to judge good and evil. &gt;&gt; So he says we ought to fear God and do good. &gt;&gt; In this life that we live, there's evil all around us. is an atmosphere of evil. And he concludes, "Fear God and do good." I believe this would be a good principle to express to anyone. Fear God and do good. Let me just try to reach a conclusion here through several scriptures that we'd like to share with you. I think they all just kind of connect together. But in Psalms 34:es 11, 12, 13, and 14 says, "Come ye children, hearken unto me. I will teach you the fear of the Lord. That's the beginning of wisdom. This is this is this is where we begin to perceive and have the right perception and discernment of right and wrong. What man is he? Good question. What man is he that desire desireth life and loveth many days that he may see good? What man is that? Wouldn't every man say, "Well, I I want life. I want to live a long time. I want to seek good but what's your construct? He says keep thy tongue from evil, thy lips from speaking guile. Depart from evil and do good. Seek peace and pursue it. &gt;&gt; This is the whole duty of man. Fear God. Depart from evil. Do good. Seek peace. Pursue it. This is this is principles of good living. This is a good way to just ask yourself every day, am I departing from evil? Am I doing good? Am I seeking peace? Am I pursuing peace? Listen, young people, and uh your your relationships with your siblings, those siblings, right? Those little sisters, like how do we deal with them? Seek peace. How what what's going to promote peace? Not not the division. Because notice, begin to examine your your base instincts and your selfish nature that often times when we find ourselves really upset about something. It's when we feel that we are being deprived. &gt;&gt; When my pleasure is not maximized, when they get away with it and I never do, &gt;&gt; when there's some some benefit to someone else and you feel like it's being withheld from you and therefore you want to object. It says, "If I don't get mine, I don't want anybody else to get theirs." And therefore you want to upset the the balance. You want to upset the peace. But he's saying depart from evil and do good. Seek peace and pursue it. In order to pursue good, you have to discern good. &gt;&gt; You have to discern between good and evil. Look for good. Do good. And when you see evil, avoid it. Says in Psalms 37:27, "Depart from evil and do good and dwell forever more." These are the principles of life. In order to depart from evil, there has to be an existence of it. &gt;&gt; There's some that argue that after niche that there is no absolute evil. There's no objective evil. There's no evil that actually exists. We all just have our different varying definitions of it. But when we do that, we completely erase legitimate of scripture. And this becomes just kind of well that for I mean, if you're a Jew, right? If you're a Jew and you want to listen to one of your former kings or one of his songwriters in his songwriting conference said, "Depart from evil and do good." And they just say, "Well, that just depends on some context." No, the Bible saying, "Depart from evil and do good and dwell forever more." God chastising uh Israel in Jeremiah 4:22, "For my people are foolish," is foolish. They have not known me. They are Scottish people. I remember reading it one time saying Scottish and I was like I knew there was something wrong with the Scottish. Ireland forever says they are soughtest children and they have done un they have none understanding. They are wise to do evil. Isn't that a weird saying? Wise to do evil but to do good they have no knowledge. &gt;&gt; An amazing saying. They're keen on evil. They can figure that out. But that to do good they have no knowledge. In some ways, I feel like Paul is amplifying this to say that man, I'm wise to do evil. I want to do good, but it seems I don't have the knowledge or the wherewithal in me to do good. We say, "Yeah, this is the present state of the believer or the the fallen man. We can we we we we can be our ingenuity is to evil, but there's no knowledge to do good." But yet, he says, "Depart from evil and do good." That requires a wisdom, a perception. Jesus says in Luke chapter 6:35, "But but love ye your enemies and do good and lend hoping for nothing again." There's a lot a lot a lot of here lot here that you could get into dig into that you could look at these principles. Do good lend hoping for nothing again. And your reward shall be great. Love your enemies and do good. And ye shall be the children of the highest. You're going to be the children of God if you can do this. Love your enemies and do good. Speaks to some selfishness. You're lending this genuiness to you where it's not contrived. It's not selfish. It's not for your own benefit that you do it as under the Lord. You're going, you're willing to help, not because I, hey, I'm just kind of investing in a future kickback here, but you're willing to love your enemies and do good. And you shall be the children of God, the children of the highest. For he is kind unto the unthankful and to the evil. What's the first thing we say when somebody says they're sorry? No, you're not. Right? No matter who it is, right? I'm sorry. No, you're not. If you're sorry, you'd have never done it. You are sorry. You're the sorryest one I've ever met. Right? I mean, it's like, whoa. Okay. Well, all right. Looks like there's two selfish people here having this conversation. And there this we are to do good. God is kind to the unthankful and to the evil. Isn't there times you do something and the very fact that they don't show gratitude begins to grate you a little bit? Like, well, if they're not going to be grateful, you know, if they're not going to be thankful, if they're not going to be happy. I saw a license plate on the way to church today. It said grateful. I thought of Marawn Lynch, but he said thank was his word was thankful. There's ways that that it works against our base instinct in our nation. Why? Because we're selfish. But he says God's kind to those who aren't even grateful and to the evil. &gt;&gt; And we're to depart from evil and to do good. 1 Peter chapter 3:es 8 to 12. Go ahead musicians if you want to take your place. Says, "Finally, be ye all of one mind, having compassion one of another. Love as brethren, be pit pitiful." Really need to know what that means because a lot of us would say, "I'm there." Be pitiful. Be courteous. Be merciful. Have compassion even as another rendering, I guess. Not rendering for evil for evil or railing for railing. Oh, this is high standards, &gt;&gt; but contraries blessing, knowing that you are there unto called that you should inherit a blessing. &gt;&gt; For he that will love life. Sunday, I want to pick up on this love of life, he that will love life, what's he quoting from? Who is it that desires life and loves life with loves many days that he may see good? He that will love life and see good days. It's quoting from Psalm 34. Now let him refrain his tongue from evil and his lips that they speak no guile. Let him assue evil, depart from evil, and do good. Let him seek peace and ensue it. For the eyes of the Lord are over the righteous, and his ears are open unto their prayers, but the face of the Lord is against them that do evil. This is life. Life is full of good. It's full of evil. If we experience enough evil, we might just accept it as our lot in life and say, "Well, I'm going to go down this evil way." Don't ever be weary and welloing. Don't let your compounded misery and your losses and your failings and all the things that begin to accumulate to put you in this shadow of evil, but realize there's evil. It's going to exist. It's going to breathe around us. We're going to suffer abuses. We're going to have traumas. We're going to have losses. We're going to have heartaches. We're going to have death. There's going to be divorce. There's going to be a lot of things that believers and child children of God experience. things that are shameful, things that are reproach. A lot of things happen, but pursue good. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Depart from evil and do good. Even says of that virtuous woman in Proverbs 31 that she'll do him good and not evil all the days of her life. That's what she wants to do. She wants to do good. Doesn't want to do evil. So, Proverbs 14:22 concludes. I say concludes, but I think this this is where I'll end. Do they not heir that devise evil? [Music] But mercy and truth shall be to them that devise good. &gt;&gt; There's Christ. To those that desire good, that seek good, that want to work good, mercy and truth, to those that devise good. If there was an absence of evil and we just said, "Well, everything's good." But then to each his own, right? Yeah. Whatever whatever feels good, whatever you desire, however you want to identify, there's no there's really no evil per se. It's just what we might want to call evil. But if you think it's good, then who am I to tell you that your good is evil? No, that's not it. There is good and evil. And maybe as Christians, we don't need, you know, a lot of teaching and several part series on the fact that there's evil and the fact that there's good. But maybe it is good for us to pause and realize that when God says he's going to work all things together for good, it doesn't mean we have to look at evil and say it is good. Call it what it is. It hurts. Stinks. It's horrible. It's awful. Still hurts. Even though sometimes it's years past, still causes a scar. It still has a shadow. It still seems to have old me. Nobody, you should not be should not force yourself or let anybody force yourself to look at that and call it good. It's evil. But know that God is mindful of the evil that we experience. That God is going to resolve it and that we can't we don't have to be defined by our scars. Though we may be there may be this necessity of weakness. There may be this requirement in our lives that we suffer certain things. But God is able to produce rest and glory with that whatever material we have to work with. &gt;&gt; And some of us have been raised in really really awesome circumstances and situations to hear truth, be raised the right right way. But yet through our own rebellion and through our own experiences, we find ourselves venturing into paths where we heap upon ourselves sorrows and experiences that compound a certain depression or misery all the days of our lives. But even when it has been our own stubbornness, God says that can't hinder good &gt;&gt; because I'll ultimately bring you to rest, the expected end. Oh, but my journey has been this. My journey's been that, but this is where I'm going to bring you. I went the hard way. I know I you didn't have to do that, but this is where I'm going to bring you. And when you can love God, fear God, and keep his commandments, when you are those that love God and called the loved of God, have a there's a purpose that God has for you, then no matter what the circumstance path you go on, no matter where you go and what you do, you realize in the end that none of that can ever change. No matter where you've been, none of that can ever change where God said he's going to put you. No matter where those keys wonder when and brother Mike is playing sometimes you'll hear him in a song and you hear maybe brother loyal on the bass and you hear brother Joshua on the trumpet or playing the guitar and you hear what you seems to be the melody and all of a sudden he's going on a run and you hear the keys it's going no matter where it goes it's going to come right back to the rest going to resolve on Christ and he's promised it. So I express I'm expressing this concept of good and evil because I believe that we need to expose evil for what it is, not water it down. Nor do I want there to be anybody who feels left out because their lives don't fit that message cookie cutter that we think everybody else is living, right? Don't we look at everybody else and go, "Man, that's family's got it all together. Beautiful family, right? beautiful fabric, wonderful fit, everything just perfectly set in order. But then you don't know the whole story, right? &gt;&gt; And you know in your story, don't think for a moment that God's given up on you just because you've suffered. He'll use it all for his glory and for somebody else's benefit. Let's stand today together. Thank you for your attentiveness tonight. This is my desire to honor you. Lord, with all my heart I worship you. All I have within me, I give you praise. All that I adore is in you. Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you alone. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm awake, have your way in me. Sing it again. This is my desire. This is my desire. Oh, to honor [Music] you, Lord, with all my heart. I worship you. All I have within me. Oh, I give you praise. Oh, all that I adore is in you. is in you. Oh Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for you. Every breath that I take, every moment I'm away, oh Lord, have your way. Oh Lord, I give you my heart. I give you my soul. I live for every breath. Oh, every moment I'm awake. Lord, have your way. Amen. Let's just yield to his desire. Just align our desires with his. It's a great wrestling out would God predestinate evil and why does God allow evil? I think it's something we wrestle with and humanly we'll never we'll never achieve a satisfactory answer if we're being honest intellectually or just you know honest with ourselves and our experience our thoughts [Music] but I'm glad that God's word speaks to these things speaks of them speaks of the evil yet in the midst of all of it he tells us to pursue Good guys. When the writer says, "Rejoice in the Lord," you say, "Now? Do it now." Always. Yeah. In the midst of pain. You say, "Well, it's a it's a time to die." Well, rejoice. It's it's it's almost a a rebuttal to the evil. I'm not going to bury my head in the sand and say, "No, there's no evil. Everything God allows is good. And even though it might seem evil, we're just going to call it good because it's all going to work out for good. It's maybe zeroing in on the good, the goodness and the good things, the true life, the way the eternal life, those things true. And so whatever this evil is, whatever I've experienced, I I can't figure it out. So I'm going to cast all my cares upon him. Scripture I was going to use Sundays, he said, "Come unto me all you who are burdened." Everybody's weighed down with what? past the pains of sorrows, death, weeping, all those former things we see in Revelation. What is it? Come unto me. And he said, I will give you rest. All your dissonance, come to me and I'll give you rest. And he said, ah, I rest. And he says, take my yoke. There's still a yoking. He says, my burden is easy. My yoke is light. There's still there's still going to be heaviness, still sorrow. But what is suffering testify of glory? All our pain is pregnant with glory. And so, Lord, it's going to hurt. I'm going to suffer. But I know you'll always resolve. You'll resolve it for good. Let's pray. Heavenly Father, Lord, my heart's just moved tonight and looking into these things. I feel a great burden for our loved ones here, this family of God. We've suffered much. We might look at ourselves as a a local church and there might be a lot of things say how well we haven't suffered much. We didn't go through this. We haven't gone through that. But Lord, it's not this local gathering that is the body that suffers. It's the body of Christ. When it suffers, we all suffer. But when it rejoices, we all rejoice. And Lord, I I look out upon a congregation and very few of us align perfectly with the same experiences, same testimonies, the same life choices, the same consequences. We haven't all gathered here because we made it through a vetting process and we all came out as being qualified and we're in this special class. We're a magnet school. We're a special charter school for the gifted and talented. Lord, no. No, Lord. We've all we've suffered. We still yet suffer today. We all have our unique shames and scars and bruises. Some of us are still living with the consequences of bad decisions or things beyond our control. And how do we make sense of it? I don't know that we can make sense of it except to say, "I know, Lord. I know. [Music] I know that one day I'll be at rest." So in the meantime, I pray for peace. In the meantime, Lord, I want to pursue good. I want to do that which is right. I don't want to compound it. I don't want to become bitter. I don't want to be a fountain of complaining and criticism and the victim. But Lord, I can be called to be that fountain of all things good, sweet water. I can be a fountain of grapes and figs. I can be a tree of good to my family &gt;&gt; that don't believe &gt;&gt; to the unbelievers in my life. I could just be that that one that doesn't look at life and say, "Oh, well, nothing's bad." But say, "Yeah, it's tough." But you know what? I love him. The Lord's good. He's promised us good. He'll bring us good and keep believing and keep serving, &gt;&gt; being kind even to the ungrateful and to the evil. Because that way, Lord, we we're the children of the most high. Amen. &gt;&gt; I pray that you bless the people tonight, their faithfulness, their diligence. Give us the rest we need tonight. Store our bodies. Keep us safe. I pray in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
