################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-13 - Music's Movement - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-13
Title:   Music's Movement
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xckxlUnHZ7Q
========================================

Description:
Music's Movement
Sunday Service: July 13, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Revelations 1:es 10-16. I was in the spirit on the Lord's day, and heard behind me a great voice as of a trumpet, saying, I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the last. And what thou seeest, write in a book, and send it unto the seven churches, which are in Asia, unto Ephesus, and unto Smyrna, and unto Pergamus, and unto Thitara, and unto Sardis, and unto Philadelphia, and unto Leodysia. And I turned to see the voice that spake with me. And being turned, I saw seven golden candlesticks. And in the midst of the seven golden candlesticks, one like unto the Son of Man, clothed with the garment down to the foot, and gird about the paps with a golden girdle. His head and his hairs were white like wool, and white as snow, and his eyes were as a flame of fire, and his feet like undefined brass, as if they burned in a furnace, and his voice as the sound of many waters. And he had in his right hand seven stars, and out of his mouth went a sharp two-edged sword, and his countenance was as the sun shineth in his strength. If we could just pray again. Our heavenly father, we ask that you'd bless the words which we have read, commit them to you. Lord, may you be on the receiving end, just weaving these things together. I know there's a responsibility on my part to rightly divide the word of truth, but I'm helpless without you, Lord. We trust that you'd come and just uh take these things and make them alive to us by revelation in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. You can be seated. The title today is music's movement. We were talking about music's momentum on Wednesday. Today is music's movement and kind of capitalizing this idea of motion and movement. a lot of different ways that we could overlap that with uh with art and how artists are able to convey even in visual arts movement and motion and momentum. Uh but we're focusing specifically in these last few services on music. That's a broad subject. It's a can be a uh a tricky one sometimes to navigate. Uh but I think there's just a lot here for us to look into that can be a great strength to us. Already we've looked into the word of God and we've seen that music uh is not a human invention. This is not something that man has contrived or worked up himself, but it was created by God and music is ordained by God as a way of worship to him. God sings and God has harps and God creates and builds within his creation music. And as we were looking at momentum on Wednesday night, momentum is an energy or impelling force. And so music has an energy to it and it has an impelling force. And so it can uh we saw how it can heal. it can it can give moving power. So there's a there's a energy and there's a strength that goes that can be conveyed through music. And one of the themes that I trust that you've been exploring in some of the sermons that we've encouraged you to listen to as of late, we can see that God's word can be typed as a musical composition. So, we're not trying to force uh any of the scriptures or any of these types and shadows into a very literal like you the only way that you can read the Bible is if you if you know uh music technically and the whole thing is actually just a song book and you have to know the minors. It's it's not uh that emphasis. It's just that God's word can be typed as a musical composition where there's different elements to musical composition. And there's melody, there's harmony, there's rhythm, there's dynamics and form and pitch and timber and even uh you know tempo duration. There's all sorts of there's even texture when it comes to music and a musical composition. So there's a lot of things that play into what uh a musical composition is. And if it's God's word is typed to musical composition. You look at musical composition, there's a lot of different nuances to it, a lot of different ways that things are working together. I've been looking in particular at sheet music and how that if brother Brandham emphasizes the use of sheet music and God's sheet music and there's different ways that you can uh or there's different ways that things are laid out in sheet music. Some of us like to just have a piece of paper that says C D C D. We want to just know the letter chord, but there's sheet music that people know how to read. Raise your hand. This is your moment you've been waiting for. Raise your hand if you can read sheet music. This was your chance. This was your moment. See, there's a few that can. And so there's staff, there's cliffs, there's rhythm, there's dynamics, even articulations all in the sheet music that tell you what the key signature is, the scales, the the time signature. There's even accidentals. We're like, that's I know that. I play that part all the time in the sheet music is the accidentals. There's a lot of different things that work into sheet music. Now, uh I'm not trying to conjure or trigger anybody who has piano lessons on Tuesday or anything like that, but if you look at it in this sense, life lived by the word becomes the performance of the composition. &gt;&gt; If you have if God's word is typed as a musical composition and then it's laid out a certain way and it expresses certain things, then that's just the sheet music. That's just the song book. That's just the chords and the cliffs and the scale and all the time signature and the accidentals all kind of in the in the word. But then when we live the life, your life becomes the performance or the expression of the notes and the dynamics and the rhythm and the scale and the accidentals. Your life becomes that. So the performance or the expression itself builds momentum for you the performer. If if God's word is a composition and you're not getting into the composition and you're not following the composition, you're never going to build the momentum. &gt;&gt; It it's never going to do for you what the word intends for it to do. If you're just reading it like sheet music, if you're just reading in the sense of ah man, I got to practice the piano or whatever it might be. It's never going to give you the benefit that it ought to give you. But it builds momentum for you the performer. But then also since music has momentum, it impacts and touches others as a way of drawing others into the composition so that they themselves can perform their part. In the sermon the mighty God unveiled before us, brother Bram makes this statement, the whole symphony is right in harmony with the word. He says it's going and brother Bram claps his hand through hands three times. And so he's kind of showing that this this uh rhythm to it. There's a beat. There's a tempo and he said that's it. Oh, it's a magnificent thing. The director and the composer must be in the same spirit and so must the musicians be in the same spirit to act it all out. And that's one thing that brother Brandham calls it a drama. When he's talking about this musical composition, he refers to it in the sense of a drama. So he said, "There's it. It's going. We're acting things out." So this is where we're using this term movement today. Now to the musicians here, those who've studied music, there's a a concept in music, maybe more might see it more in classical music, but then it's also been adopted and used in other forms and other genres. But a movement is a self-contained section within a larger musical composition. So we can say it's self-contained. In other words, it can be played on its own. It can become its own standalone. And maybe we hear a lot of things sometimes where you hear that like oh I really really love that that particular thing. So, do you realize that's one and three of different three different movements where oh, I really love that piece by Beethoven and you think it's really just a five and a half uh uh song minute song, but then it's much a part of a much larger group and so a self-contained section within the larger complete and whole musical composition. &gt;&gt; And within these movements, they have their own tempo, they have their own key, they have their own themes, and even they have their own emotional character. A brother brought one up to me this week after we ministered Wednesday night or even my I think it was around that time Wednesday night how you listen to a certain sonata by Beethoven and you hear the beginning and the middle and the end and just how varied and different those tunes are and how they feel and so there can be just a different even emotional character to a particular movement. Remember this is not a music class. This is about the word. &gt;&gt; And as you start focusing you realize wow different emotional characters to different times and movements. And so an entire musical composition is meant to unfold uh in a sequence to shape a a common theme or unified narrative or even an emotional arc. And so the movement though it can be played in itself and be good and be enjoyed it it's intended to fit with an overall picture so that with that works to unfold in the sequence to to give the full picture the shape a unified narrative an emotional arc so you can see the beginning as it flows to the end. As brother Brandham uses the term symphony quite a bit when he's looking at this concept of God's work being an a composition, a musical composition, he says that he says it's God's symphony. It's God's symphony. A symphony typically features four movements. This is just the typical or most common. And the these four movements are used to unfold an overall story. One piece may tell a story, but you're only getting half the story or a third of the story or a fourth of the story. It's that within the whole that gives you the complete piece, the whole masterpiece in the traditional arrangement and focus on this is I'm going to come back to this here in a little bit in the four part the four movements that unfold uh in a symphony and I'm using this because brother Ram is using the term symphony for us that you have the first part which has a very fast and dramatic opening. Then you have the second movement which is very slow and lyrical. So you have the first movement which is dramatic, very fast. It gets your attention. Then a second slow lyrical movement. Then the third kind of dancelike. I it's more of a lively or or dancing. Kind of has more of a dance theme to it. More movement maybe amongst the bodies. That's the third movement. And then you have this final movement. This last movement is very lively. It's the finale and that's what wraps it up. He said that's a complete work. That's a masterpiece. That that is a finished thing. And when brother Brandham is preaching the mighty God unveiled before us, he's looking at how that by one spirit, we're all baptized in to the body of Christ. So we become part of Christ by that spirit. He says we are invited to share his glory. Now what now? We're invited to share his glory. We're be made partakers of these promises and these precious promises and these scriptures through his spirit by this baptism. He says it's just like a great symphony that's playing out or acting out a drama. So when we are invited to share in his glory, we become a part of this symphony. We have our place within this this work and we say we're not the entire thing. &gt;&gt; You we're not the the complete thing. We realize that there is other parts that fit into this great symphony. In the sermon shalom, he says in paragraph uh 149, he says his word is just like a great symphony. It's where we're drawing this from. And while we're looking at music from a higher level, but then also drilling down on uh momentum or or sheet music and composition and hear movement, his word is just like a great symphony. A symphony is when music is played in a drama. Now, he's given you a definition of what he intends where it's not just free form music where I just kind of I'm going to riff off of what you're doing there and we're just going to see kind of where this goes and it's not uh free form, but it's something that unfolds in a drama to convey something to express something. He says it's all done by signs and motions. And he's referring then, I believe, to the director or the conductor who's conducting things. It's all done by signs and motions, but it acts out a drama in this symphony. And that's what is being portrayed. Often times you may hear music and it's just an instrumental and you enjoy the music but there's a story behind it and there's something being conveyed through those movements and through the styles and through the tempo and the texture that's being expressed in the music. So brother said God's word is like a symphony. It's being played out and it's done by signs and motions and it's acting out. It's expression. There's a performance to this composition. Now to jump right into my emphasis today or how I'm how I'm wanting to use this principle as a way of conveying as a type of this truth of the church ages. The church ages uh work like movements. I want to just use it as a type of movements. In other words, each age has its own tempo. It has its own key. It has its own theme. It has its own character. That's the way that the church ages work. As you look at them, you'll see that there's a rhythm and a character to the church ages. Even with the seven seals, if with the seven seals, you see that there's a certain rhythm to it. There's a certain uh arc to it where there's an announcement, there's an opening, there's an unfolding, there's a there's a sounding, and then there's a there's a falling down. There's different things that take place in each one uh in each one of those elements to the seven seals. So, there's particular characters. You see one part, you say, "Oh, well, there's a trumpet that sounds." Well, look at the context in the whole and you realize, "Oh, that's not under the seal or that's not a seal opening. That's just a trumpet sounding." But in the seven seals, there's an announcement, there's an opening, there's an unfolding, there's a there's a sounding, and there's different things that take place under these seals, just as there is, and those work together even with the church ages. But I don't really know how to read sheet music, so I'm not going to try to make that work in terms of music. But there's a way that they overlap and you realize, wow, they're part of the same composition. The seals and the church ages work together. There's an overlapping to it. Now, if you look at Revelations chapter 1, I'd just like to read verses 12, 13, and 14 so we could get this image of these church ages. And I turned to see the voice that spake with me because now he's he is in the spirit of the Lord on the Lord's day. There's something to that. So he's he's caught up in this uh realm of prophecy and into an a heavenly realm. And being turned, I saw seven golden candlesticks. And in the midst of the seven golden candle, seven candlesticks, one like unto the son of man. Now he's described clothed with a garment down to the foot and g about the paps with a golden girdle. And his head and his hairs were white like wool, as white as snow, and his eyes were as the flame of fire. So we see here in looking at this that there is a picture he's trying to convey through words and we could just summarize it very easily by saying there's a picture of Christ standing in the midst of the church. That's what we understand this to be. Christ standing in the midst of the church. So this one who stands in the midst of the seven candlesticks in the middle of the seven golden candlesticks is Christ. And then Christ tells us in verse 20 uh these different elements that we read about the mystery of the seven stars which thou sawest in my right hand and the seven golden candlesticks. Here's the mystery. The seven stars are the angels or the messengers to the seven churches. And the seven candlesticks which thou sawest are the seven churches. So there's really no mystery in terms of what th those symbols represent. But there is still yet an unfolding of what those actual messengers and churches will be. But as Jesus said, I am alpha and omega, the first and the last. What thou seeest write in a book and send it to the seven churches which are in Asia. Just even in that sense, he's going to write in the book. Now, here comes it's like a composition. Write in a book. Write these things. And it's Christ that he sees in the middle of the church. In Psalms 22:22, as we read recently, I will declare thy name unto my brethren. In the midst of the congregation will I praise thee. Here, this prophecy in Psalms 22 is now being expressed. In the midst of the seven churches is Christ standing, and it's Christ praising, Christ in the midst of the church. But it's not just praises. That word praise has a musical connotation. But in Hebrews 2:12, saying, I will declare thy name unto my brethren, in the midst of the church will I sing praise unto thee. So here's Christ in the midst of the seven golden candlesticks that John sees. And there's prophecy in the Old Testament carried into the New Testament that Christ will be in the church singing. &gt;&gt; And as Christ is in the church singing, it's not just a solo. It's not just him regailing us with his vocalization. and his great control. But it's Christ as the director. He's leading the church according to God's composition. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He's an impelling force. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; It's the Holy Spirit in the church. He prophesied of this in John 14 26. But the comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things and bring all things to remembrance whatsoever I've said unto you. Amen. &gt;&gt; So this the Holy Ghost is the inside teacher. He's the teacher. &gt;&gt; He's going to teach you. What is he going to teach you? The word of God. What is he then going to do? Bring it to your remembrance. &gt;&gt; Just as in a symphony or an orchestra. And if anybody was in band, there's a constant practice. You're being taught. You're learning the sheet music. It's being taught. You're learning it. You're learning it. And then a lot, it's not just learning the music. You do it for performance. There's something where you demonstrate this talent, what you've been learning, but it's done for this performance. And then even at the time of the performance, you're not just on your own. The same one who's been teaching you, the same one who's been guiding you, the same one that's been showing you things will bring things to your remembrance through the signs and motions, &gt;&gt; giving the tempo, telling when something needs to happen. And there's ways that cues that are being given. This is what the Holy Spirit is to do alongside you, the inside teacher, teaching you, and then putting it into practice. Chapter 15:es 26 and 27. But when the comforter has come whom I will send unto you from the father, even the spirit of truth. So the comforter is the teacher and it's the spirit of truth. It's the holy spirit which proceeded from the father. He shall testify of me. There's going to be an instruct instruction to testify to implore. There's going to be some encouragement, some teaching, some direction, some dis discipling. He's going to implore in witness of the father. And then in turn, verse 27, and ye shall bear witness. It's the same word you're going to implore. So as the the conductor directs you with the mind of how it's to sound, and as he teaches you, you become the sounding out yourself, and you shall bear witness because you've been with me from the beginning. Chapter 16:es 13 to 15. How be it, when he, the spirit of truth, has come, he will guide you into all truth. This is this direction. He's going to lead you. He's going to guide you into all truth. For he shall not speak of himself, but whatsoever things he shall hear, that shall he speak, and he will show you things to come. Now, I want you to focus on that part. He will show you things to come. Even when there's a a choir director, and there's one that is uh conducting an orchestra, I'm not one of these. I I wouldn't even pretend to know uh um what the hand gestures are, but sometimes you see there's sound happening and all of a sudden you see this little bug bunny. That's the one I'll imitate, right? Just get that going over here and he's conducting something over here and it and it's long before it happens, but it's a signal to somebody who knows our part's coming, right? And as they're getting ready and maybe they begin their tune, then there's something that's being drawn up and then he takes his hand out and the glove stays there. And that's just what I know how the conductors work according to Warner Brothers. And so it says the spirit of truth is come. He'll guide you into all truth. He'll show you things to come. He's even going to prophesy going to tell you what's going to happen. So you're not going to be left blind. It's not a jazz composition. And you just try to find well where's you know I want to get in the groove and where where's he at? Where's he going? And you just work together enough to where I know where he's going on this one. You go ahead buddy. No, it's a it's a he tells you ahead of time what's going to happen. Show you things to come. He shall glorify me. There's praises given. There's singing. He's going to glorify for he shall receive of mine and shall show it unto you. All things that the father hath are mine. Therefore said I that he shall take of mine and shall show it unto you. So notice when he says he shall glorify me and and shall receive of mine and show it unto you. He's saying but what I have is the father's. So the glorification is to God. It's to the father. Here's Christ. Here's the Holy Spirit, the comforter, the spirit of truth, the Holy Ghost in the church in these church ages as they're represented here leading a symphony leading God's body leading the body of Christ which we is how we share in his glory. Brother Bam said the voice of Jesus Christ by the Holy Ghost down through the ages. Amen. &gt;&gt; That's what's being depicted in this imagery is the voice of Jesus Christ by the Holy Ghost down through the ages by his messengers and by the individuals who are part of that symphony. Now in Revelations 1 15 and 16, if we could look at this just a little bit more, we'll find that it says it characterizes his feet like unto fine brass, as if they burned in a furnace. If one was just really wanting to become typeheavy, you say, "Well, there's your brass instruments." And uh and there's a sounding in that, but we don't need to lean too much into it because sometimes I think you just fall over if you try too hard. But his feet were like unto fine brass as if they burned in a furnace and his voice as the sound of many waters. And he had in his right hand seven stars, which we know are the seven angels and messengers. And out of his mouth went a sharp two-edged sword, and his countenance was as the sun shineth in his strength. So there's a lot of details in this that express his nature, his character. It's in symbolic form. So we're not looking for a 900 foot Jesus with um Air Force ones that are brass. We're not looking for something that's going to look a particular way um just so strictly according to this description. But these things are symbolic. And it says that his voice was like the sound of many waters. This phrase, the sound of many waters, is musical. It's a polyonic sound where there's a lot of different sounds that create and produce uh the sound of an ocean. A and there's tone to it. And there's different uh pitches that even in the roar of of of water. That's why water can be very pleasing and satisfying and very restful. So, it evokes this this thought of saying this the sound of many waters. It evokes some deep resounding rhythm. There's a rhythm to it. In Psalms 29:es 3-4, the voice of the Lord is upon the waters. The glory and the God of glory thunderareth. The Lord is upon many waters. The voice of the Lord is powerful. The voice of the Lord is full of majesty. So here there's in in type this expression when you hear uh uh the waves roaring and you see the the the majesty of the sea. There's this the voice of the Lord is upon the waters. This is some greatness, some majesty. The voice of the Lord is powerful. So God's voice is associated with and likened unto waters. In Psalms 96 11-13, he says, "Let the heavens rejoice. Let the earth be glad. Let the sea roar and the fullness thereof. Now the sea is being given character to roar to the fullness thereof. The depths of it, the deep is how the sea is often referred to. Let it let it pour out praise. Let the field be joyful. So now the field is being characterized in its movements as joyful and all that there that is therein. Then shall all the trees of the wood rejoice &gt;&gt; before the Lord. So this is this is characterizing nature in a worshipful way having some sort of expression in its movement and its sound as praise. For he cometh for he cometh to judge the earth. He shall judge the world with righteousness and the people with his truth. And so this is the impetus to the praise in chapter 28 or excuse me 98. Make a joyful noise unto the Lord all the earth. Make a loud noise and rejoice and sing praise. This is all the earth. Sing unto the Lord with a harp, with the harp and the voice of a psalm, with trumpets and the sound of a cornet. Make a joyful noise before the king Lord the King. Let the sea roar and the fullness thereof. This is this is not uh a discordant sound. It's going to blend with all this praise with the trumpets and the cornet and the a and the the harps. All this. It says, "Let the sea let the sea roar and the fullness thereof." This isn't chaotic. This is musical. The world and they that dwell therein. Let the floods clap their hands. &gt;&gt; So there's a very explicit expression that the waters clap their hands. Let the hills be joyful together. Bible even speaks of the hills dancing and skipping before the Lord. For he cometh to judge the earth with righteousness. He shall judge the world and the people with equity. So if the judge is at hand, that's that's when there is a an expression back to him. Isaiah 44:23, "Sing, oh ye heavens, for the Lord hath done it. Shout ye lower parts of the earth. Break forth into singing the lower parts of the depths of the sea. Break forth into singing, ye mountains, O forest, and every tree therein. For the Lord hath redeemed Jacob and glorified himself in Israel." So here again is this singing this uh expression of praise and worship in Revelations 14:es 2 and 3. And I heard a voice from heaven as the voice of many waters and as the voice of a great thunder. These things working together. There's that resounding rhythm, a drum, a thundering, the voice of many waters together with it. And I heard the voice of harpers harping with their harps and they sung as it were a new song. This is not one thing and another. This is all working together. that the voice of many waters is expressed through the drum and the harp and together it it forms this natural polyonic sound. Then there's the inverse of this in Revelations chapter 17 as it begins to describe the great that sits upon many waters. And so here we and we know waters represents people. And so people can have the capacity to great harmony and beauty or they can have a great capacity to evil. But here sitting upon many waters, it is not in a very pleasing harmonious sense. But as Isaiah 17 tells us, "Woe to the multitude of many people which make a noise like the noise of the seas." Now this is this is a judgment upon this noise. Isaiah 17:12-13 it says and the to the rushing of nations that make a rushing like the rushing of mighty waters the nations shall rush like the rushing of many waters but God shall rebuke them. So this is not a sound that pleases him. God this is not the same sound he said the voice of God is like the sound of many waters. This sound is tumultuous and chaotic. This has a different texture than the sound of God's people as the voice of many waters. This has a different tone. There's a different dynamic and rhythm to this. Just as Moses when he was on top of the mountain and he was coming down, he says, he says, "Well, I I hear the sound of war." And he could tell just by the music, something was wrong. &gt;&gt; He could tell that just by the way the rhythm or the way that the people expressing themselves that it wasn't the kind of worship that they had given at the Red Sea. Though they might have used that for their excuse, it can have a different texture to it, a dynamic to it. &gt;&gt; Some sometimes we can say, well, what we need is dynamics, so that's just what we get. We just get whatever dynamics we can. And let me tell you, there is a huge misunderstanding of what dynamics are. Or there can be. Everybody's like, "Oh man, I didn't realize I didn't know." But there can be a tremendous misrepresentation of what dynamics are. &gt;&gt; So coming back to our text, Revelations 1:es 10 and 11. I was in the spirit on the Lord's day and heard behind me a great voice as a trumpet saying, I am alpha and omega. So now even the voice of Christ is characterized as a musical instrument saying I am alpha and omega. So there's a beginning and there's the end. The first and the last. Something that starts it and there's something that finishes it. Says what thou seeest write in a book. Just using this type of maybe a musical composition and send it unto the seven churches which are in Asia under the Ephesus and unto Samrna unto Ephesus and unto Smyrna and under Pergamis and under Thotyra and under Sardis and unto Philadelphia and unto Leo dea. doesn't take long to read it, but if you aren't familiar with it, and the next two chapters, chapter two and chapter three, the things that he's asked to write in a book are recorded in the next these ch next two chapters. Uh the letter or the message to seven churches. Now, this doesn't come as any surprise to us as message believers, but I'm just going to cover this maybe in an elementary way, but the seven churches in Asia are these are not an address to the church as it presently set in that they needed to have this for the moment that then at that time, but it's for church. They're they're using these churches are being sent letters for future church ages. So, it's prophetic regarding how it will unfold. is prophetic regarding a future unfolding. Revelations 1 verse 19, he says, "Write the things which thou has seen and the things which are and the things which shall be hereafter." So the Holy Spirit, the comforter is going to tell you things to come. It's going to give you a road map of what to expect and what's going to unfold. Now, I'll acknowledge now that at the time that John's in, he's caught up into etern an eternal realm. So you could see all history in that sense. But what he's g telling him when he in his present time the things that are going to happen are in the future. Now for us we read it and we start looking past at what's already been expressed. &gt;&gt; If we could time travel and and we were found ourselves with John on on Patmas, we'd say, "Oh, I know exactly what's being said here. This is what's going to happen. this is what's going to respond and this is how it's going to finish and this and we would have a little bit more understanding specifically of where things were going to go to write the things which will shall be hereafter. Verse three of the same chapter, blessed is he that reth and they that hear the words of this prophecy. So it's prophesying future things and keep those things which were written therein for the time is at hand. So I'm going to tell you what you should do. I'm going to tell you what the the uh climate's going to be like. I'm going tell you what the societyy's going to be like. I'm going to tell you what the pressures are. I'm going to tell you what the tension's going to be. I'm going to tell you all the forces are going to be oppos you. But I'm going to tell you what you need to do in your age. That's prophecy beforehand. And then blessed is he who does what I tell them to do. We realize that these churches that are mentioned are limited to a very small area in the western part of Asia Minor in present day Turkey. But just as the seven stars are not literally in Christ's hand and it's not literal stars from heaven but represented future messengers, these seven churches ti are typed or these seven churches typed by these churches in Asia represent future time intervals. to come. &gt;&gt; So, there's going to be an Ephesus age and then there's going to be a change and there's going to be another age and there's going to walk through these different ages, each one having its own distinct character, its own messenger, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And there's going to be a rhythm to it. Paul says in Ephesians chapter 2:7 that in the ages to come, he might show the exceeding riches of his grace and and his kindness towards us through Jesus Christ. Christ in the midst of seven golden candlesticks which are the seven church ages which are the ages then to come. The seven churches are the ages to be hereafter. There's prophecy about how the gentile ages are going to unfold. I trust that you're each one of you individually are kind of collecting together on where we are in this. in Revelations 2:es 1:4. Let's just look at this first movement as it were. Unto the angel of the church of Ephesus, write these things saith he that holdeth the seven stars in his right hand. Well, this is the beginning, right? So again, there's this setting the stage, this dramatic opening. You find that in the idea of a symphony, that dramatic opening uh sometimes very quick. It's going to get to the point. He says, "The seven stars in his right hand, which are the seven messengers, who walketh in the midst of the seven golden candlesticks, which are the seven church ages." And now his this is where we set the scene. I know thy works and thy labor and thy patience, and how cannot bear them which are evil, and thou hast tried them, which say they're apostles, and are not, and hast found them liars, and has borne, and has patience, and for thy name's sake hast labored, and has not fainted. We look back historically and we impose that over the that age, and we can see it. Like, there you go. There you go. There you go. But if we were living in the age and we knew this was for us, we'd say, "I my works, my labor, my patience," we would know our character and what we ought to perform. &gt;&gt; Nevertheless, I have somewhat against thee because thou hast left thy first love. Think of it this way that this is sheet music for future ages here symbolically condensed. &gt;&gt; But it represents a a movement within a larger composition. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's telling us if we look at it from the standpoint of prophecy, say, "Well, oh, I I see this symbol here and I see this marking here and algro and and this. I see all these details." And if you don't know music, you don't know exactly what that means. And so, when there's symbol forms, it's in symbol form. You can say, "Well, it represents something." But then once you know what the symbols are, it gives body, it gives texture, gives tone, it gives a timber to it. There's some there's something in there. You can even see op there's the accidentals. But here he says they will leave their first love in Matthew 24:12. And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold. &gt;&gt; And so it's iniquity which causes this letting go of the first love. In 2 Thessalonians chapter 2:es 3-10, we'll just summarize it very quickly. Paul prophesies of a falling away because of the mystery of iniquity. Right? &gt;&gt; So, here is the Bible. Jesus is prophesying ahead of time, there'll be a fallen away or there's going to be the love of me is going to wax cold. Paul says, "You don't even have a love of the truth." &gt;&gt; And because of the mystery of iniquity, it's going to cause people to let go of their passion and their ardent dedication to the pure word of God and adopt creeds and hybrid the gospel. And so we can see then that just as Revelations chapter 2 verse4 says, this is future prophecy. And we can see it unfold. As the age unfolds, it happens just as the word has said. The notes, the chords, the labor, the works, the patience, the trying, the highs and the lows, they're all laid out in it. If we were able to uh if we were able to give a u a temperature to that age and a and a temperature to that scripture, you'd find they're exactly the same. &gt;&gt; If we were to represent it a graphically in terms of sound or an equalizer, you'd find it's just exactly that sound print be exactly as it is. Its waveform to be exactly as the scripture said it was. Now, let's just look at verse verse 8 and just look at a different uh church age here and the next one, the church to SRA. It's a shorter one, so we'll we'll see maybe a little bit more elements that you'll see in all the ages, but we just kind of cut them out a little bit in the first one. It says, "And under the angel of the church in Smyrna, right? Though there was a church there then present." Paul wrote a letter to the Ephesians. This is representing the second church age or as I'm putting it today in type, the second movement. These things sayaith the first and the last which was dead and is alive. I know thy works and tribulation and poverty but thou art rich. And I know the blasphemy of them which say they are Jews and are not, but are of the synagogue of Satan. So now this is a different tone than what we have in the first one. &gt;&gt; Different emotional arc. There's something different that's taking place in this than what took place in the first. He says, I I know your works, tribulation, poverty. It's creating a different feel uh feeling. Fear none of those things which thou shalt suffer. Behold, the devil shall cast some of you into prison that you may be tried. You shall have tribulation 10 days. Be thou faithful unto death, and I will give thee a crown of life. Telling them what's going to happen &gt;&gt; ahead of time to know. Now I I say this um we have the benefit of the history unfolding and hindsight's 2020 and prophetic hindsight is even clearer to know that these things are so &gt;&gt; and there's a lot of historians and and theologians and different ones that have looked back historically at the church and they themselves have recognized these church ages and and draw it out and map it out And we can look at this and read this and see what they did. Wouldn't it wouldn't it have been really really neat though if you're in that age to know this was your promise and I'm going to be I'm going to be tested. I'm going to be tried but hold out because there's a crown of life to be given to me. He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit saith unto the churches. That comforter, the spirit of truth. He that overcometh shall not be hurt of the second death. You find there's a certain rhythm. There are certain elements to each one of these movements as I have it just written down here. This salutation, a compliment, a complaint, and a reward or warning and reward and they're all to be expressed in their time. &gt;&gt; Historically, we say, well, Revelations chapter 2 talks about tribulation and persecution and being cast into prison. And at the end of the second century, the persecution of the Christian church intensifies to where during the third century, we see that great persecution of the church begin &gt;&gt; and it coincides with these ages and even there's overlapping with the seals. And so the condition of the church a and future time periods and I'm just giving that summary because I know you're all here. Everyone here is well taught and your Bible readers and students of the message well taught through years not just here uh maybe especially not here but in other places you know these things but we could see then the church that has unfolded since this prophecy of given was given and the future time periods fits with Christ's address to the seven churches. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We'll see that there was a messenger and what he taught and these different things unfold perfectly. So God chooses these cities. I chooses the churches of these cities because they have certain characteristics that foreshadow the future ages. I'm going to choose this one because Leodysia because it's named after this wealthy uh divorcee woman and she it consolidates power and she has great wealth and she has great power and there's even the history of the city. go and you read the church age book, you'll find that even when it comes to Smyrna and Sardis and all these places, there's some character even about the region, the economics, its political history that fits with the the message to the church because there's other parts that are being played. &gt;&gt; And so he chooses the characteristics of the city or he chooses the city and the church because the characteristics that are going to be present in that age. Right. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham in the sermon has unfailing words of promise. He says he says today when denominations are saying come here and come there. It's this is a good phrase here to remember. It's the old trend of some school or something. They just can't seem to get out of this trend. This cycle the old trend. They they they'll rebrand it. They'll call it something else. All right. You could you could preach for 40 years against the Thunders and when you roll out Thunders 2.0, you're not going to call it Thunders 2.0. &gt;&gt; You're going to call it the bride's revival, but it's nothing more than the same old thing rebranded. &gt;&gt; And so he says it's the old trend of some school or something. He says, which is perfectly all right. It has to be there. It's part of the symphony. Right. &gt;&gt; So there's this is where to me it becomes even more like whoa you're going to play. &gt;&gt; You're going to be playing to some symphony. You're going to be playing some part. &gt;&gt; He said it's all part of the symphony. So when God chooses these churches, he says, "Oh, there's this wickedness. There's this economic condition. There's this ge uh geographical resource. There's these different things." And it all speaks to the condition of the age. Even when it comes to the science and medicine, there's ways that you can find direct connections to the characters, the character of the church and those that oppose it in future ages that then existed at the time that Jesus is telling John to write the composition. In the sermon shalom, the one in January 12th of ' 64, he says they had a sheet in their hand, but what but what would they do? I I use my own summary here in non-alics, but listen to this closely. They were trying to look back to a beat that had already been played out. &gt;&gt; You know, when somebody sampled that too much, he said, "It's already been played out." That's what the churches do today. &gt;&gt; They look back, see what part Luther played, the Lutheran does. They don't know the change of music. Amen. &gt;&gt; So there's brother Ram using a very specific language. If you're sitting there going, "How in the world did Brother Aaron come up with the idea that the church ages had like their own sheet music?" I didn't come up with it. Maybe I shouldn't have said anything. I didn't come up with it. Brother Brandham says it. &gt;&gt; I keep This is what I keep seeing. &gt;&gt; They played They see what he played and they play it. They don't know the change of music. They don't know what God's doing today when he does these things. The Lutheran, the Pentecost say, "Oh, we got it." And this statement here is never been more true. You got sheet, a sheet that played out 50 years ago, &gt;&gt; and this is exactly they're playing a hundredy old sheet music, &gt;&gt; trying to drum it up &gt;&gt; as if that's where the music is today. says certainly let's just keep his word in our hands and watch when the changes come then we'll know what we're doing. &gt;&gt; It's got to be according to the word. &gt;&gt; Now there here in the trouble because then you could take you could take the word and like well no no right over here says right here in Revelations 3 under the church in Philadelphia says it right there. It's in there said but what time are we in? &gt;&gt; They'll take they could take quotes and you could stack them up say whoa whoa whoa right here. Brother Brandham says it simply. You're getting all your pages out of order. &gt;&gt; You're holding a sheet that worked 50 years ago. You're trying to drum up things from the message that that were from 50 years ago, &gt;&gt; but how does it look today? &gt;&gt; What what was what if we look at how what how does that piece fit &gt;&gt; within the overall composition &gt;&gt; so that we don't get it wrong? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Where you got your cow up in the tree chewing a grass. So, I like this part as he continues. He says, "You know what? We're doing now. Begin with him right here. I don't know if you're following along, Brother Jack. Now, and begin with him at the cross. Repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and you shall receive the music, the direction. &gt;&gt; See, his word, the Holy Ghost, that manifest the word." This is Brother Brandham that ties these things together. He ties the comforter and the spirit of truth to the music, the the the direction, the leader. Says, "Then follow through with the rhythm of the word." Whatever the music beats for that hour, beat with it. &gt;&gt; Don't keep trying to go back to brother said, "Brother Bam said he was going to be this. He said I was going to be going to say this." Like, yes, that's true. He said that in Rejected King. Yes, it's true. He said that there. Yes, it's true. He said that there. But did you follow the sheet music? Amen. &gt;&gt; Did you catch when the music changed and it wasn't it shall be but thus sayeth the Lord it is. He said it will be and this is and that there was a change to where we it's our time now &gt;&gt; that brother Brandham was there as a director saying this is it right here. It's coming. It's coming now. It is. It's moved into that cycle. Here we are &gt;&gt; and we're all not just sitting there waiting. Well, I can't wait till we have that huge concert in the tent, man. &gt;&gt; Yeah. And and by then your the c the read on your saxophone is split and dead and there's so many cobwebs and dust in your trumpet and the the leather on the the drums is dried and cracked and everybody forgot the tone and the tune and nobody knows what to do &gt;&gt; cuz everybody been sitting around rusting [Music] &gt;&gt; follow through with the rhythm of the word. He says you're holding sheet music that played out 50 years ago. He he even talks about it to those at at Life Tabernacle there in Shreveport. It's one of his constant rebukes to that church which to me would kind of represent maybe that pinnacle that Pentecostal movement who identify themselves and even still presently today there's those who identify their movement their movement with Isuza revival &gt;&gt; the Pentecostal outpouring in Leodysia their movement is associated with those those prayer meetings and bullets falling off addresses and those things that's how they identify where they are in the sheet music right now. &gt;&gt; And one of the things they tell you is they say, "Oh, oh, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I know Brother Bham said, I know he said that, but that's not true. &gt;&gt; We're playing out today what they were practicing in 1906." &gt;&gt; Like that. No, that was that wasn't that really wasn't a Pentecostal. That wasn't really genuine. That wasn't really that wasn't really Leodosia. I was just ah, well, we don't really know what it was. And I know Brother Bam said a lot of things about it, but this fits where I want to be. This is where I feel good. This is this is my favorite part of the orchestra. So, humor me a little bit. &gt;&gt; And they want you to think that we have to play the part that the Pentecostals play. &gt;&gt; The sermon, God's word, calls for a total separation from unbelief. He says as I preach to you Sunday the great symphony of God's word being beat out that's your tempo your rhythm he says and and he's saying that whatever the music beats for that hour beat with it &gt;&gt; the changes and junctions is only God changing times like the director in the symphony &gt;&gt; when we see these changes of ages and changes of times look down on the sheet here &gt;&gt; it's brother Brandham's language they call the changing of ages and the church ages as a musical composition. &gt;&gt; I'm just using the terminology of movement. So you can see that within an overall composition there's not a ripping of the needle off the record and let's change the band &gt;&gt; but it's a different movement. He says look down at the sheet here and you'll find out we're supposed to be here. Where are we supposed to be? Are we in chapter 2? Where are we at in chapter 3? We'll find out where we're supposed to be. We're supposed to be here. They've got to do this. There's no way for them to keep from it. Recognize how he's saying this is your part. &gt;&gt; This is what you have to play. &gt;&gt; And then zero in on this thought. He says, "And the music to a man that doesn't understand the symphony, what is it? It's a bunch of rattling noise." Think of this in two ways. To somebody who doesn't understand the symphony, what he hears is a bunch of rattling noise. But to the one who sees the sheep music and doesn't know how to play it, &gt;&gt; all he can produce is a bunch of noise. &gt;&gt; All he can produce is frenzy and fanaticism and emotionalism or intellectualism. That's all they can produce is noise &gt;&gt; and try to tell you, "Isn't that beautiful? Didn't that sound good?" Like, "Well, it's a bunch of shrilling. It's a bunch of rattling noise. He doesn't understand it. He's not even interested. He's wishing I'd wish they'd shut up so I could go home. He's not interested because he doesn't know the symphony. He doesn't know it. But the composer knows the end from the beginning. And if the director isn't in the same spirit of the composer, he cannot act it out because all of it's done by signs, indications, motions. And if the sign don't vindicate it, how's a musician's going to play it? There's your order. God's composition, the director. You have the composer, you have the director, the conductor, the one that's leading, the one that's directing, and then you have the ones who are playing, &gt;&gt; the ones that are performing God's great symphony. That's what these church ages express. That's what that's unfolding here in Revelations chapter 2 and chapter 3 is the sheet music where we can go back and we can see what Ephesus played, what Smyrna played, right? We can go back and hear what they played. Then there's what are we going to play? &gt;&gt; Are we going to choose one of their compositions? I &gt;&gt; I I was wrestled on how much to get into at this point and Lord willing just picking up Wednesday night on a few things on this thought. So I'll just use two things I know and I'll I'll try to summarize them very quickly because I I know that you're very familiar with these things. But the preview of the bride you're familiar with brother Brandham is giving that preview of the bride and in this churches are introduced and identified by music. &gt;&gt; The churches are but also for the bride. So there's a music, a soundtrack, a score, a certain feeling, a certain texture, a certain signature that relates to the churches, but then there's also one for the bride. And the masterpiece, Brother Brandham says the voice said, "Now we will review the churches." He says, "And they come and I noticed them coming up. And when they come up, each one looked like got worse. I never seen such a filthy bunch in my life. And when he said next, I heard a noise and it said next and said, here comes the American group." So with the churches, there's going to be a review of the churches. Brother Bam's already used this language that to each age there was a sheet music, not a separate piece so much as we could say a part within the composition. They had a part to play. The Ephesus group, you play your part. There's their movement. Then the the the Simrna group, you play your part. And it each unfolds each one. And he says that as they come up, he says he hears a noise. And the rapture, he says, "And as soon as it went out, every time one of them would come, they'd go out to a certain place, then drop off." And he says, "I would just hear the sound of it as it went away." So, as he sees it, there's a sound to it. There's a feeling. There's something being conveyed through all the imagery. And once it gets out of sight, he can still hear hear its music. And as soon as it went out, every time one of them would come, they'd go out to a certain place and then drop off. and I would just hear the sound of it as it went away. So in that it's like that you hear something coming and it goes away. So he hears something, it comes and then it goes away and he can hear it going away. And he says, "Then I heard something like onward Christian soldiers. There's your music that's gonna accompany those that are composed and directed and who are following the sheet music and they have a music that's sounding and what what does he describe is they went past as a as a director get back in line &gt;&gt; and there's ways that the compo composer just can move just a little bit to get everything on on beat &gt;&gt; get everybody back in their part in the sermon recogn recognizing your day in its message. He said, "Then he turned me to the right side and he showed me each church as they come up out of the ages." And oh, how vulgar. And the last one was this last day church which was led by a witch. And they were so immorally dressed, so filthy looking, and they were marching to the time of twist and rock and roll. and was he says it was marching to the or time or twisted and carrying on with that music walking up. So they were marching their time the music was causing him to twist carry on walking up and said that is the church. Brother Brandham in might have been in this sermon here. I'm just trying to remember where it was. He even says I I just realized it just now. The church that he saw in the preview, that church from America was naked in Revelations 3:17. He said, "That's the church. The last church is naked." Leodysa is marching to what? The wrong time, &gt;&gt; the wrong music. Why? It's blind. &gt;&gt; It can't read the sheet music. If there's a sin of this age, they're just trying to mimic the sound that went before him, &gt;&gt; right? Well, we can't read the music, so let's just try to do what they did. We don't fully understand it. Let's just try to make sense of it. &gt;&gt; Then this principle, that's the principle of the preview of the bride. But then the countdown principle in the sermon, the countdown, brother's looking at from the standpoint of a countdown. 10, 9, 8. Well, that has to be there has to be timing to that, right? &gt;&gt; Right. If it's like 10 9 8 6 5 4 33, &gt;&gt; right? There's got to be a So, you know, &gt;&gt; that's why even athletes at the track and field, they train them that whenever you hear the gun sound, flinch, &gt;&gt; go to a track meet, uh maybe a Mormon one, how they're maybe dressed a little bit better than the way they dress these days. I don't know if the Mormons do it right anymore either. I don't know. the Amish Olympics and there will be there you'll find guys just over on the side stretching and they'll be maybe the women's 100 meter hurdles over there and they'll just sit there talking to their coach and they're not even the gun gun sounds they go because they've been taught every time you hear the gun twitch because there's going to be a moment when you're at that starting thing and you want your brain trained &gt;&gt; to move to that &gt;&gt; the very moment it sounds move. &gt;&gt; And so in the countdown, there's a lot of uh things that Brother Bam's using and bringing out. And what's his theme? It's time for the bride to move from an airplane age, from Pentecost, from Pentecostalism, from gifts, from all that realm that which is God orained, God established, bonafide, legitimate, 100% God, and use the momentum of that to move into an astronaut age. which he said it's the same power but more power more power to be lifted higher and so this countdown it indicates a a change in the time a change in music as he uses that phrase so where are we suggest to you that we're Revelations 4:1 after this I looked and behold a door was open in heaven the first voice which I heard was as it were of a trumpet talking with me which said come up hither and I will show you show thee things which must be hereafter. You have your church ages, but it's in that last church age that the bride is called to go up higher. &gt;&gt; There's a finale that comes. &gt;&gt; You have your church ages, but whether I'm say it's the capstone age. &gt;&gt; I'll get into this maybe, Lord willing, Wednesday night. Church ages are marked by a cycle of revival and death. Amen. &gt;&gt; They all have a movement that ends definitively. &gt;&gt; But at the rising of the sun and once you come to this bride age or the capstone age, this is an age which prefigures the millennium and eternity. &gt;&gt; And so it's not subject to the death that struck every church age because this word cannot die. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So you have come up higher and I'll show you things which must be hereafter. So listen, we're not trying to figure out where we are within the seven church ages. They've played their part. We're not holding 50-y old sheet music. We're looking at present day. This is what it is right now. &gt;&gt; He says in the sermon, influence, God is sending gifts to try to create in us a faith that'll move us out of here into a rapture. Amen. &gt;&gt; And if I could say this, with the overlap of the the symphony, the Leodysa age, which brother said is Pentecost, it's stuck in that third dancelike movement. &gt;&gt; It's where they're stuck. They can't get out of that loop. But we must change. The prophet came to change us to that last lively finale, the last great step. &gt;&gt; Amen. which he said if we have four movements you had four death messengers and so there that that's that's the symphony of death but now you have the symphony of life and you have traditionally four movements justification sanctification baptism of the Holy Ghost and in there's the clapping of the hands the leaves that are shaking there's the outpouring of the gifts the restoration of the gifts and there brother Bam says and the next step is into that lively finale &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; the next step is the omega to the alpha. &gt;&gt; The next step is right into the Holy Ghost itself. And if we're if we have to follow the sheet music to that step. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, I I I could re respect somebody who says, "Brother Aaron, I believe we're right here solidly in the third movement. I believe we're right here solidly uh at the end of the second pull. this is where we rest and this is where we're going to stay because but one day we know according to the word of God there's going to be this that's going to come and you're looking for then keep looking keep listening keep praying keep reading keep studying stay you in it get in the spirit of the conductor get under the harmony of the word he'll lead you right where you need to be and be with the word of God &gt;&gt; but to those who want to just pin it down and say no there's no such thing as this there's no such thing as What's the There's There ain't no such thing as divine healing. &gt;&gt; What's the present day for that? &gt;&gt; Because everybody believes in that. &gt;&gt; Oh, God don't do that. There's no such thing as this. There's no such What is it today? There's no such thing as a bride age. There's no such thing as a rapture cycle. There's no such thing as this. There's no such thing as the reveal of the son of man. There's no such thing. It's the same spirit that denied divine healing. It's the same spirit. Listen to how hypocritical it is. It's the same spirit that called everybody holy rollers. But now it's the holy rollers, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Let her name Colin. &gt;&gt; Okay, I will read this. All right. Thank you. and the mighty God unveiled before us because I think this is really really pinned down where I where I'm drawing my inspiration to even use this type. But now what happens if the composer writes something and we find out that it isn't just acted outright? What would it sound like if we were all musicians and we had a dire? We had a composer who composed something and the composer is also the com the director and conductor and and he's given everybody the sheet music and we're all supposed to be taught and studied and trained and we're ready and we all show up and we play something different &gt;&gt; and this happens over here and this happens over there and it's everything just they play something different. He says we find out then that there's something that happens. There's something lacking when we see them. He who composed it, has made it up and wrote it out, and then the symphony is playing it, hits a wrong note, there's something wrong, &gt;&gt; man. I What is it? Uh, let me let me ask the local expert here. Um, Skill Rex, what is that kind of music around? There's this this music sometimes just it does it just sounds like it's it's accidental like I'm just going to take my keyboard and throw it on the couch and however it lays upside down like okay I like just put that in a loop and the baby walks through the room going and they're like oh I like that and they just they just make a bunch of no and what do they do? They convince us it's like it's got a nice hook to it. a but that and what do we've all fallen for it all of us right you all have your skill wrecks playlist on Spotify but this is and that's what it's a psychology then today in Christianity and spirituality where we just have this you know message mixtape and a message DJ over there they're just spinning one thing from this and dropping in that and slowing it down and just mixing everything up and Everybody's got to be drunk on some other influence to think this is really cool. &gt;&gt; And they all got their Pentecostal pacifiers in their mouth, &gt;&gt; dancing all night long to something that isn't timely. &gt;&gt; That isn't according to the sheet music. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He composed it. They made it up. Then the symphony's playing hits the wrong note. There's something wrong. The director gave the wrong motion. And that's what's the matter today. My Lutheran brethren, my Baptist brethren, my Pentecostal brethren, all my brethren from different denominations, that's what it is. You're trying to give a note that he hit back in the days of Luther. Wesley liked that when actually the music sheet here shows that it's another day. &gt;&gt; We cannot live in the light of Luther. He was a reformer. We appreciate his part. But we played that out. &gt;&gt; Man, he even uses the music for it. The word you played that out. You play that too much. We call it spamming in our house. That's played out. We're way over here at the back of the book now. We can't play it out like that. &gt;&gt; Now, the only way that you're ever going to be able to do it, my brethren, is this. And brethren of the world of the different parts of the world, I might say there's only one way for the director to do. And we could even see this maybe in a microcosm. He says the director, he's got to get in the same spirit that the composer was in. Then he's got it. I can see brother Brandham in that place. He's not the one that composed it. God's the composer. Brother Brandham here is a director to the age. He's got to be in the same spirit. And when the church, the symphony itself, where the world is watching for these signs and wonders, where the church and the composer and their director all get in the spirit of the composer. &gt;&gt; It's beautiful, isn't it? &gt;&gt; That's what we've got to do. We got to get get ourselves. Now, some of you may leave today and feel that God's called you to be the composer of the age. and you'll be the 8,000th eighth messenger of this year. Hey, and you're just going to be another one who thought he was the composer. And some of you may say, you know what, bless God, I'm the director. And you're going to be the eighth director for the eighth millionth time. &gt;&gt; But let me just say, find your part. &gt;&gt; Find your part. &gt;&gt; Learn it. Practice it. &gt;&gt; Play your part. In the sermon, the invisible union of the bride of Christ, brother Bam says, "Some of you people that really believe this to be the truth, we're we're that we're entering another age. We're entering the rapture age." The language he uses almost exclusively from this moment on is bride age. You know, the church can't go in its condition with that composition, right? These are my words with that sheep music. And it can't get better. It must get worse. How many knows that? It's got to get worse. And it can't go like this. It's got to be something. Remember when he preaches the seals. They've all played their part. There's been no real stirring. We need something. He says that'll move the bride out. &gt;&gt; He says it's got to be something. And it's moving right now, friends. It's on. &gt;&gt; It's on. &gt;&gt; The move is on for the bride. That's the truth. that is thus saith the Lord. &gt;&gt; If I could put it this way, there's no more movements. &gt;&gt; There's not going to be another movement. &gt;&gt; It's momentum &gt;&gt; now. &gt;&gt; And and and we're not trying to put any other phrase to it, you know, but now the bride's move &gt;&gt; is on &gt;&gt; her turn. And those who played in other ages, whether it be Leo Deier or Philadelphia, Thire, all those, they played it well. &gt;&gt; They did their part. &gt;&gt; They they have run their course. But now you must sing. You must play. You must do your part. And we have thus sayith the Lord. Our move is on. &gt;&gt; That to me is the conductor. That's the director standing there before the orchestra saying, "Now it's your part." &gt;&gt; And thank God he didn't leave us without the sheet music. Thank God we're not just running this blind. Said, "All right, well, I guess I'm just going to I just I'm just going to uh freestyle. &gt;&gt; Give me a beat." Yeah. Yeah. Good. Yeah. Shane and Shane, that works. Got a Hill Song United in there. Perfect. That'll work for me. And just give me the beat and I'm going to freestyle now over that beat. And just whatever comes to mind if I can make it rhyme. That's not what we're doing, saints. &gt;&gt; It's already written for us. &gt;&gt; Stay in it. I'll read I'll read a few more statements for the message on Wednesday night. How he just emphasizes that we've got to get this rhythm of this message. Be in the heartbeat of it. Lord willing, Wednesday night, we'll preach the bride's move. Let's stand. Don't hold me to the title. It may change. I I was thinking maybe titling it &gt;&gt; the bride song, but then I thought maybe would think I misspelled bird. But there's ways that we can you look at this. This is your part. This is your time. God, help me to know the music we're in now. And play your part. You can only be honest to the your heartbeat. You can only be honest to how the Lord's leading you. So, play the part that he's given you to play. And I do believe that the way you play it, the way you perform it is going to indicate, and you'll know maybe better than anybody else, will indicate whether or not it truly is the spirit of the composer it working in you. And we're all at different intervals. We're all at different times maybe, but that's what the purpose of the preaching of the word is. That's what the purpose of all this time unfolding is so that we can all begin to blend as one voice. Our gracious heavenly father, today as we close our service, we ask your blessings upon the people as they're soon dismissed into this hot summer day. I pray that you be with them, that you would continue to comfort their hearts and speak words to them and their spirits that are encouraging, that are uplifting. Lord, I know that in our hearts we have great needs and pressures and battles that we experience on a number of different levels. Life can be so chaotic. Lord, even ourselves sometimes disappointed when our lives can get really flat or pitchy or we just don't seem to have any desire to sing. So Lord, I pray that we could just be get a little a little touch today. Come and feed us by this brookside. Lord, come and touch us under this juniper tree that we can have an ambition to play our instrument. And Lord, as any musician who wants to be proficient, who wants to play in a way that edifies and that is beautiful or skillful, they must put in the hours. They must put in the practice. Lord, may we likewise take a serious look at our time. Lord, it's one of the reasons why we ministered on the thought of wasteland in terms of the product, the work product that is produced. Lord, may we do things and enjoy things that cultivate spiritual character so that our lives could be in tune. May we take this type that brother Brandham taught us through a number of different sermons about the sheet music, the timing and the music and the composition and the changing of the movement or the page. May we take it, Lord, not to become fanatical about the types and lean into music more, but to learn and grasp the truth of it for our spiritual walks. I do believe that the bride who consumes your word, who reads it, who prays, who yields to it, submits to it, will be the expression of it. In the same way that we are given sheet music as musicians in a band or an orchestra, and we learn it, we practice it so that we could perform it even still with the aid of the sheet music and the director. Lord, that's what we're looking for in our own lives is to be the performance of this beautiful present day sheet music of the bride and Christ singing together as one. We commit the people to you today, Lord, praying that you bless those that are traveling. Bless those that will soon be leaving on trips, Lord. Even those leaving today or whatever pressures they have as they leave service, who may be even having to leave early, whatever it might be. We pray that you'd be merciful. We ask all these things in the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
