################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-19 - Deformation of Character - Deformation.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-19
Title:   Deformation of Character
Speaker: Deformation
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cC4DICvTJSc
========================================

Description:
Deformation of Character
Sunday Service: October 19, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
My title today is defamation of character. I know many of you know that my day job is as a lawyer. I'm not uh meaning to preach on defamation of character, but using kind of that phrase a little bit, defamation of character, the deforming of one's character. And I want to come back to this reading here in just a little bit. But to kind of tie in Wednesday night's service when we were speaking on uh praying on ignorance in 2 Corinthians chapter 2 11 Paul in speaking about having forgiveness and forgiving one another and showing and showing forgiveness in our hearts. He's saying that we ought to forgive because if we hold unforgiveness in our hearts that's something that the devil will take advantage of. And so he says, "Lest Satan should get an advantage of us for we are not ignorant of his devices." You can take that to mean that Paul is saying we know this and because we know this, Satan can't capitalize on it. And Satan, as I put on this slide, he prays on ignorance. And he takes things that we don't know or that we don't fully understand and he tries to twist them and distort them so that we can be taken advantage of. And Satan not only prays on ignorance, but there's one thing I've noticed, especially as of late, that he will actually call your faith ignorance. That when we believe in God and we believe things on the basis of faith, he'll say, "Well, he will belittle that and say, "Oh, well, what about this and what about that?" And he tries to make people feel ignorant or stupid. That might seem to be a harsh word, but that's the way that he'll try to make people feel for believing something. He'll try to make you feel foolish. And so, Satan prays on ignorance. If you don't know something, Satan will try to take advantage of that. That's what Paul is saying here, that we're not ignorant of his devices. In other words, since we know, we can't, we won't let Satan take advantage of us. And we mentioned Wednesday night that we're wanting to address these weaknesses or vulnerabilities that the world, the flesh, and the devil will capitalize on to try to weaken our faith or hinder faith from taking hold. You take certain things that we are not doing or certain things that we do not have and he'll he'll capitalize on that to either take uh weaken your faith so that you don't believe or it keeps faith from taking hold. So he prevents faith. Wednesday night we're talking about the necessity of prayer and how it's necessary to have uh prayer or in order to have a Christian life and maintain a Christian life, you should be a prayer, one that goes before the Lord and prays. We see it exemplified in Christ. And it's taught in the Bible that we ought to pray. Took the opposite of prayer is ignoring. And so if you pray, uh, you pray to God. If you don't pray, you're ignoring God. And so the opposite would be ignorance. And ignoring God by not praying makes us vulnerable to doubt. It makes us vulnerable to temptation. And it's what causes weakness. So today on the subject of defformation of character, I want to use uh how I want to use that phrase uh in speaking on the subject how that reading our Bibles, our spiritual growth depends on scripture. And so we must pray and read our Bibles. Brother Brandon was asked how to be spiritual and how to maintain a Christian life. There was two things he said we ought to do. Pray and read our Bible. I know there's probably a lot of other things that we thought would be good is maybe go to a hospital and challenge everybody who believes to come out of their beds, but that's not how he said we could be more spiritual. He said, "Pray and read your Bible." And so, I believe that growth, spiritual growth depends on scripture. We must pray and read our Bibles if we're going to grow properly. So, the subject today is on reading the Bible, reading scripture. And so, we'll use scripture to support that. If that seems to be a little bit circular, I could understand the argument if one would make that. But in 2 Timothy chapter 3 verses 15, 16 and 17, Paul writing to Timothy says, "And that from a child thou hast known the holy scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus." All scriptur is given by inspiration of God and is profitable, beneficial. It adds, it it it provides, it's profitable for doctrine, for reprove, for correction, for instruction and righteousness, that the man of God may be perfect, threw furnished unto all good works. Now, pay careful attention to these qualities of the scripture, the holy scriptures. That would have been their parchments, their books, their scrolls. And the Bible is saying as Paul is saying the holy scriptures give wisdom which leads to faith in Jesus Christ. And not just a faith but a perfecting faith says it's profitable for teaching for testing for correcting and training in God's perfect will. As it says reproof and correction instruction and doctrine all those things speak of God's uh perfect will in righteousness. If this this is the one thing I want you to catch from the scripture today is this is the perfecting nature of God's word that it doesn't just inform us. We don't just read it and we know what it was like in this century. We know what it was like before Christ. But it's the perfecting nature of scriptures. There's transforming power to change a person's character in the Bible. I hope you believe that. I hope our children can understand that. that even though it may just be this I Indian paper and and ink on these pages and all these different translations there might be and different ways and type sets it could be put in. God has blessed and anointed this scripture to be able to change a person's character. Says that the man of God may be perfect. That's a the perfecting nature of this scripture truly furnished means to complete to finish to furnish perfectly. So, it's not just the the the finishing, but the furnishing. You know that when uh and you may have experienced this, and when a house is ready to move into, you rent a house or buy a house and it's ready, it's made ready to move in and you go, "Ah, we we bought it. It's ours, but it's empty." Then you furnish that. You build a house, it's all ready to move in, but then it needs to be furnished. That means it fills it up. It puts the certain amenities in it. So, it's to furnish, to equip perfectly. So the Bible has the power to build the stature of a perfect man or the stature of perfection. The scriptures have this perfecting quality, has a perfecting power. That's in the Bibles that you have. And I know that we're partial to the King James version, but not all languages have a King James version and not all translations are the same in different languages. And I don't think that we need to get on uh some of the political platforms that we can have sometimes where we we're all about the King James version Bible and that's the only way to be saved. We believe that God is in the word. And if somebody's reading NIV, God can still speak to them. &gt;&gt; God can still use that though it's been translated and printed and maybe sometimes things have been changed. It's God's way of using things that are imperfect &gt;&gt; to express perfection. Now, so with that in mind, and that's kind of my you kind of understand what my thesis is, the Bible has power to change. In Genesis chapter 30, we read about how that Jacob begins to bargain with Laban and he's he comes amongst them and first he gets cheated out of the first wife and so he marries two wives. He begins to have children and Laban realizes he's just supremely blessed with Jacob's presence. And so Jacob says, "I want to go back to my country. I want to have my own family. I want to have my own goods." So he they strike this bargain where Jacob is going to be able to keep all the cattle that have spots or stripes or specks that aren't um uh that are not just whole one color. And so as soon as Laban finds out that's what Jacob wants and that's all he wants, he removes all the spotted and speckled and ringstroke cattle from his herds and says, "Okay, Jacob, good luck getting anything when your time is done." So in verse 37, and I know this fits with this idea of Jacob being a deceiver, but notice Laban deceived him first. He was treacherous and dishonest first. Jacob took him rods of green popppler and of the hazel and chestnut tree. So these rods come from trees and it's going to describe what he does. So these rods are branches or trees or parts of trees. He takes these trees with their bark and he peels back the bark to expose this white pulp underneath. Says, "And he peeled white strakes in them and made the white appear which was in the rods. And he set the rods, these are branches, the parts of these trees. He set the rods which he had peeled before the flocks in the gutters in the watering troughs. when the flocks came to drink that they should conceive when they came to drink and the flocks conceived before the rods and brought forth cattle ring stra speckled and spotted. Now, this may seem to be odd, but we're just looking at what happens here. And the cause and effect might be difficult to understand that how could drinking in front of these things actually transform uh uh dictate what is conceived and then ultimately produced. But if we look at it this way, I want to use this as a type of the scripture with the power to influence and produce permanent change that as they came and they they they drank before this that it dictated the conception in what was brought forth. These rods are placed in a particular way in a particular setting and through the drinking and the conceiving it produced cattle that were ring straight speckled and spotted. In Psalms 23:4, it says, "Yay, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, for thou art with me. Thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me." What was uh the rod and thy staff, he says, "Thou art with me." It's that law of God. The law was the present word. Uh the psalmist went to the Bible, the scriptures that they had and the law of God and what Moses had written and that's how God was present with them. And the rod and staff were used as a shepherd for means of protection but also for correction and guidance. A rod that we when you read here it says then the rods of green popppler and hazel and chestnut tree. It's a different word but it speaks of the same thing. A staff was a branch. It was a stick. It was a part of those trees. And so rod and staff were are are were used for correction, for guidance, and for and even for the the direction of the sheep just like the scriptures are in Romans chapter 15:es 1 to7. Today I'm going to do the same as I did on Wednesday night where we take a little bit of um of the uh the scripture that we're focusing on and we're expanding it so you can see it within the context. It was remarkable just to see from a little bit higher view where where prayer fit in with these very substantial and weighty subjects. And here we'll see the same with the scripture. We then that are strong ought to bear the infirmities of the weak and not to please ourselves. Let every one of us please his neighbor for his good to edification. For even Christ pleased not himself. But as it is written, the reproaches of them that reproach thee fell on me. For whatsoever things were written before time were written for our learning. Paul is using this to substantiate what he's saying is about we that are strong should bear the infirmities of the weak and let us please our neighbor for his good not just for ourselves. Don't be selfish because Christ did the same. And then he says as it is written and he quotes this scripture about the Messiah. And then he uses this to enforce and to back up his teaching. For what sort of things were written before time were written for our learning? Their books, their parchments, their scrolls. The law was written so that they would learn that we through patience and comfort of the scriptures might have hope. Thy rod and thy staff, they comfort me. What is it? It's the word of God. It's even the scrolls, the parchments, the books, the scriptures that we through the patience and comfort of the scriptures might have hope. So when the psalmist said, "Thy rod comforts me," it's the scriptures that bring comfort. Now the God of patience and consolation grant you to be like-minded one toward another according to Christ Jesus, that you may be with one mind and one mouth, one mind and one mouth glorify God, even the father of our Lord Jesus Christ. Wherefore receive you one another as Christ also receive us to the glory of God. Now, bringing it back to the story of Jacob, I just wanted to I kind of took things from out of order as I originally had it last week and just rearranged it this way because I'm wanting to use this type and it might seem to be uh difficult at first that the rods that Jacob placed before the cattle, we can use this as a type of the word of God that it placed before us has the power to transform or to cause us to conceive and bring forth And though there was deceit in Jacob's actions, and he did this as a means of getting from Laban uh what he had asked for, we know it was in response to Laban's own treachery, and that this sorely displeased God. But it also reflects God's word and God's inspired word and the power of it. Genesis 31:es 9-13, we'll see that God actually blesses this. When Jacob is uh uh God is telling Jacob to return and Jacob calls for Rachel and Leah, he's say telling to them, "God have taken away the cattle of your father and given them to me." Who did it? He says, "God did it. And it came to pass at the time that the cattle conceived that I lifted up mine eyes and saw in a dream, and behold, the rams which leaped upon the cattle were ring straight, speckled, and gristled. And the angel of God spake unto me in a dream, saying, Jacob. And I said, Here am I. And he said, Lift up now thine eyes, and see all the rams which leap upon the cattle, are ring straight, speckled, and gristled, for I have seen all that Laban doeth unto thee. I hope you can just begin to use your own mindset to think, okay, this is how God works. We mentioned this Wednesday night that if if I'm going on a trip and I say, "Pray for me that God would God will be with me on my trip." You say, "Well, why do we need to pray? Can't God just be with brother Aaron when he's on a trip and I don't have anything?" Well, I like said, "I don't have anything planned, but I I am going to be preaching in Mexico next weekend. So, pray for me." You say, "Well, if you're going to preach, shouldn't God be with you? Should you be praying for you? Why do we need to pray for you?" Well, this is how God ask us to work, pray for one another. And so when Laban does this uh to Jacob, we can say, "Why didn't God just stop Laban? Why did God let Laban do this?" Well, God allows Laban to do it. Say, "Well, then why doesn't God just supernaturally allow the cattle that Laban has left that are not spotted, restrained, or speckled? Why doesn't he just allow them to produce spotted, restrained, and speckled um cattle?" That's not how it worked. He had Jacob do something. And it's according to this dream, I believe that he's telling him that this cattle that come, they're going to be ringing straight, speckled, and gristled because I've seen what Laban does. I am the God of Bethl, where thou anointest the pillar, and where thou vowest a vow to me. Now arise and get thee out from this land and return in the land of thy kindred. So he sees that God through some means had inspired Jacob to do this. And he uses this image if it not the the the effect, the cause and effect of taking these trees and these rods and placing him there to bring forth this cattle that would bless Jacob. And just as this might seem to be just uh remnants of a tree, manipulated and processed in place before one that's drinking, cause them to conceive a particular type of cattle and bring it forth. Isn't that what our Bibles are? &gt;&gt; Made from pulp. That the pages we read the processed whether it be parchment which is which would be leather or the scrolls, the papyrus and the things that we read from plants. Is that not represent the very word of God? We're just using it as a type. I'm not saying thus sayith the Lord. That's what it meant. I'm just saying in in an image in type we can see that though this might not seem like much that as we read these things my cheat sheet just fell as we read these things that it has the ability to transform us. God's word has quickening power to change our character. &gt;&gt; It can renew our minds. It can wash our spirits. Can dermatize eternal plantings inside of us. And God has inspired and designed his word in a particular way to produce specific fruits if kept and unmixed. Now, we can't take this and and and mix it. We can't take it and try to do it ourselves a and add theology to it and add tradition to it and take uh and take our own ideas and say, "Well, I'm going to make it say this. I'm going to make it do that." No, we can't mix it. It's got to remain unmixed and it's got to be kept. It's got to be believed. &gt;&gt; So, it's got to be in the right kind of ground. It's got to have the right kind of nurture. But God has written it as a seed. He's designed it to where there's power in it to change us. &gt;&gt; In Isaiah 55 6-11, seek ye the Lord while he may be found, and call ye upon him while he is near. Let the wicked forsake his way and the unrighteous man his thoughts and let him return unto the Lord and I will have mercy upon him and to our God for he will abundantly pardon. We read in the scripture how that in order to obtain mercy we have to sow in righteousness. In order to have mercy man must forsake his way and sow to righteousness. Come unto the Lord and he'll have mercy. Then he says for my thoughts are not your thoughts. Amen. God's thoughts are real. They are eternal. They already have substance and form. God's thoughts are are the eternal attributes. For my thoughts are not your thoughts. Neither are your ways my ways, sayeth the Lord. For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than yours. And my thoughts than your thoughts. Now, catch this principle. says the uh Isaiah is drawing from and God is going to draw from the principles of sewing uh uh seed that's planted, germatized, and then growing through this process, this nurturing process. For as the rain cometh down, and the snow from heaven, and returneth not thither, but waterth the earth, and maketh it bring forth in bud, that it may give seed to the sewer and bread to the eater. There's the entire process. Seed is in the earth, the rain comes down, it grows, it's harvested, it's made into bread. and it benefits the swer, the eater. So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth. This natural agricultural process ultimately yields something that's beneficial to the natural man. But he says, "My word that goes from my mouth is going to be the same way. It shall not return to me void. Just as there is rain that comes down from the earth and waters the ground, the word out of my mouth is not going to just return back to heaven, it's going to have an impact upon that which it waters. It's going to have an impact upon the seed upon that which it watered. And he says, "But it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing wherein to I sent it. It will be effective. It will be fruitful." The word is a seed. This Bible is God. We can say in word form or seed form. It contains the power and potential of God's word. It will not return void. All scriptur is given by inspiration of God. It is the word from his mouth. And the word from his mouth, he says, is like rain that falls down on the earth. And it doesn't just go back up without having first brought forth that which was planted and gives seed to the sewer and bread to the eater. his word will not return void. Now let if we examine that as an absolute truth that God's word is a seed with power to produce after its kind then if we can accept that notice what man can do to this seed in second Peter chapter 3 14 to 18 I was going to make a joke that it's just going so easily this morning that I'm probably going to be done pretty quick. And it's like a let's keep track of who's here and who's not here. And but then I thought, well, that might be taken the wrong way. I was just going to joke around a little bit. But second Peter chapter 3 14 to18. Wherefore, beloved, seeing that you look for such things, you could go and read in here just how much these uh these things he's talking about. This glory, salvation, revelation of Jesus Christ. He says, "Be diligent that you may be found of him in peace without spot and blameless." What an interesting scripture to read after using the scriptures as a type of something that brings forth something spotted and gristled. It's a paradox. But yet we see here that uh we must be found without spot and blameless and account that the long suffen our Lord is salvation. and and really focus on this. Even as our beloved brother Paul also according to the wisdom which giveth unto him hath written unto you. Paul is now being acknowledged by Peter as being beloved and he has received wisdom. He's deferring even to the wisdom of Paul that's given unto him and he's written unto you as also in all his epistles. So now even the writings and the letters of Paul are being pointed to. Paul said Paul said Paul said speaking in them of these things in which are some things hard to be understood. So even acknowledging that everything Paul said wasn't easy to understand and yet acknowledging there's wisdom in it. There's wisdom in what brother Paul wrote. So there's listen it's scriptural to say brother Brandham said it's scriptural to call him brother Brandham. Uh maybe as he said, brother Paul here. Maybe we could say brother William, but yet it's it's just it's nothing weird or odd. I know there's some cults out there that use brother as kind of like a a formal title, but we just show it as a sense in a showing respect. And it says that Paul in his writings and his epistles says these things which are wise. Remember how Paul writing said the scriptur is able to make one wise. Now Peter, not Paul is saying this, but Peter is saying this about Paul's writing that his writings contain wisdom. And it says which they that are unlearned and unstable rest. The unlearned and unstable, the ignorant, the unwise, those that don't have the foundation of faith rest. That means they twist. They turn around. They torture it. The word actually means put to the rack. And they're they take it and they try to torture it, pick at it, twist it, find fault, make it pained. They pervert the meaning of brother Paul's writings. They pervert the meaning of brother Paul's teachings. And then Peter makes this extraordinary statement as they do also the other scriptures. So now Peter places Paul's letters and teachings on par with scripture. They they were accepted as God sent as being from God. It says that they twist these unto their own destruction. I'll come back to that. Let's finish reading these next two verses. Ye therefore, beloved, seeing you know these things before, you are not ignorant. Say that do not let Satan pray on your ignorance. Knowing these things before, beware lest ye also being led away with the heir of the wicked. What would it be? To pray on ignorance, to twist, to distort, fall from your own steadfastness, but grow in grace. There's that image again of growing, that seed being properly watered and growing in grace and in the knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. To him be glory both now and forever. Amen. But he says that these unstable and unlearned men twist, distort, and pervert the meaning of Paul's sermons or writings or his epistles. And in doing so it perverts them because it says to their own destruction between waste or perishing or ruining perverting the scripture deforms the person. They twisted scripture. So they were trying trying to make Paul a twisted brother and all they did to themselves is they twisted themselves. Perverting the scripture deforms the person because it says they do it to their own destruction. Seeds have life with power to reproduce the original. Mixing life perverts that power. Whenever you hybrid, you make less. It veers into another territory. Now, now there's other things in there. It's not the original. We're not making an argument in terms of genetics of what's better. But if you take something that is pure and you mix it with something else in in in your eyes to make something better, more powerful, more resistant, you can't come back to the original because now it's something else. And Peter is saying that Paul has written things that we view as scripture and that these unlearned and unstable people, they twist it and pervert it and in doing so it causes their own destruction. And he warns, "Lest we be led astray of the error of the wicked would likewise be deformed by twisted scripture." I'm using this to emphasize the importance of the Bible. And as Peter plays Paul's letters and teachings on par with scripture, this is even more important considering what he said in chapter 1. For we have not followed cunningly devised fables. Second Peter chapter 1 16 to 21. when we made known unto you the power and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, but were eyewitnesses of his majesty. For he received from God the Father, honor and glory, when there came such a voice to him from the excellent glory. This is my beloved son in whom I'm well pleased. This is the mount transfiguration experience. And this voice which came from heaven, we heard when we were with him in the holy mount. We have also a more sure word of prophecy. The Bible contains the very breath of God. Prophecy. Prophecy in it being declaring things before time. Prophecy in that it declares an oracle of God. The thoughts of God. We have a more sure word of prophecy is vindicated. God backs it up. Where unto you, where unto ye do well that you take heed. Take heed to the word of prophecy and take heed to the vindicated prophecy as unto a light that shineth in a dark place until the day dawn and the day star arise in your hearts. Knowing this first. So there's these different places where knowing this first that there's a knowing. We read it Wednesday night. We're knowing this. These are things that we know beforehand. Knowing that these things are accomplished in our brethren elsewhere. Knowing uh that this is how Satan works. Knowing these things helps us and protects us. So knowing this verse that no prophecy of the scripture is of any private interpretation whether it be prophecy that declares the mind of God or prophecy that foretells the future. It is not interpreted individually but private carnal interpretation. For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of man but by holy men of God. They spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost. The prophecy came not in old time by man's uncction or emphasis or his own thoughts, but holy men spake as God moved them to speak. That's what wrote our Bible. He says, "So know this that this prophecy which we read is from God." So when he comes back later in chapter 3 and he says what Paul is writing in these epistles, he places them on par with this prophecy of old time. And he says we shouldn't twist that either. We shouldn't deform that because the word of God, the Bible, the scripture has power to change. And if you deform it, it changes its power. Jesus in John 5:es 30 to 40. He says, "I can of my own self do nothing. As I hear, I judge." Could show you in places where Jesus read where it was written of himself. It's an exercise I I undertook one time just looking at the word and said, "Well, did God always just speak to Jesus or did Jesus read in the Old Testament?" And we're reading it gets the revelation said, "That's me." And you know, Jesus would read in the Bible what pertained to him and he would get re it would be revealed to him that's me. You can do the same thing. &gt;&gt; You can read in the mirror of God's word and say that's me. That's me in this word. That's the power of this word. We can look into it and see ourselves. So Jesus says, "As I hear, I judge, and my judgments is just." My judgment is just because I seek not my own will, but the will of the father which hath sent me. If I bear witness of myself, my witness is not true. And and I'm and I'm I'm not going to take the time to read in the places where Jesus is reading in the word of God. I knew that it had been written of him. in those few places we can see it very clearly but he is talking about what testifies of him so he's saying that I don't testify of myself I'm not just saying hey I'm the Messiah he's saying that there's a witness to my messiahship there's something that has testified there is another that beareth witness of me verse 32 and I know that the witness which he witnessed of me is true you sent unto John and he beare witness under the truth but I receive not testimony for man. So he's not belittling John, but he says, "You sent unto John, and John witnessed of me. John testified of me. But these things I say that you might be saved." He was a burning and shining light, and ye were willing for a season to rejoice in his light. But I have greater witness than that of John. And what could be greater? What could be greater than this Elijah anointing? For the works which the father hath given me to finish the same works that I do bear witness of me that the father hath sent me. So it's his works testifying but continue to read this and you'll see that the works aren't the works that he does cannot in of themselves testify of him because that would be him testifying of himself. The works have they're witnessing of something else or witnessed by something else. Says and the father which have sent me have borne witness of me. You've neither heard his voice at any time, nor seen his shape. And ye have not his word abiding in you, for whom he hath sent him you believe not. So now he comes to the witness. Search the scriptures, for in them you think you have eternal life, and they are they which testify of me. &gt;&gt; When he said, I have a greater witness than John, and he begins to talk about his works, he wasn't saying, well, John was Elijah. He was anointed. He he introduced me and he was a great witness. But I have a greater witness. It's my vindicated works that I do. He's not even leaving it in that alone. He's saying that the scriptures testified that this would be the Bible that God wrote, their scrolls, their parchment, their books, the papyrus, however it is that they read it, their tablets. He says, "Search the scriptures." And even these very ones he's talking to, they believed that they would have eternal life, that there'd be this eternal unending reign of the Messiah. In them, you believe in a resurrection and eternal reign and power. In them, you believe you have eternal life. But it's the word which was written beforehand that testifies of me. And he's saying the word is a greater witness. This is how Jesus put more emphasis on the word than his works. Because even when he testifies of his works, he doesn't do it without saying the word testified of the works. He says, "And you will not come to me that you might have life." You will not come to me that you might have life. Do you realize that failing to search scripture is a failure to seek truth? That we can make these claims that I just want to know. I want to know God better and I want to find his heart and I want to know his mind and not read the Bible. Not search the scripture, but not do it with that heart of a critic or a skeptic to twist and distort. Not take the scriptures to rest with and twist them to fit your own image like this is what I want to be and this is what I want to do. Do you realize there's people that take this Bible and comb through it to justify homosexuality? To justify their lust and their perversions? They paint a picture of the gospel as just being welcoming and loving and kind. And what are they doing? They're taking the word of God and they're twisting it to fit their image. And what does it produce? It produces exactly that, a twisted image. But failing to search the scriptures, Jesus said, is a failure to seek for truth. And therefore, since the scriptures are they which testify of Christ, to change the scripture is to make it a false witness. Change the scripture. You change the nature and the character of the scripture. It's no longer the scripture, but it's a false witness. And what happens when the Bible says this is what the Messiah will do. This is what the Messiah will do. In the Bible, we believe the scripture, the scrolls, the Old Testament, they testify to the Messiah. What happens if you go and you change the Old Testament prophecies? It doesn't testify of the Messiah anymore. It testifies of something else. And Paul says there's not another Jesus. They're false messiahs. They're false Christ. They produced their own golden calf. They produced their own gods. They produced their own messiahs. And it's no longer the original witness. Satan's tactic has always been to pervert the original seed. He didn't have to write his own Bible. All he had to do is pervert the one God wrote. And it is in his nature to deform the character of the word. You deform the character of the word, you deform what it produces. Mark 12 verses 18 to 27 Jesus said, "Search the scripture d make a diligent inquiry." anymore. I think we we we live in a dangerous time where we can have uh brother GPT or more casually chat uh digest things itself and then spit out a product. I say here it is. Even this morning, Brother Jonathan Yerigga from Croatia sent me a a a quote and a question. And uh I like to think myself as a subject matter expert when it comes to the message of the hour, but I have a lot of friends around the world that ask me for help in translating because like we have no idea what this American phrase means and you with your pop culture dictionary certainly can figure this out for us. And the question today had to do with what brother Bannon was saying in a particular sermon because it had been transcribed to this is not a feeling up there but a believing up there. But then you go and you listen to it and it's very clear he's saying this is not a feeling affair this is a believing affair. And I and I use that just as an example of how that sometimes if we just want to know what brother Brandham said about emotions. We can just put that into the table and look up emotions. And I don't use the table to search. I use another application to search because I don't want voice of God knowing what I'm looking up. &gt;&gt; I'm just kidding. There's I use another another app that's very very useful for me in the way I like to study that has the message in it. And when I looked it up in there, it actually says believing affair. But we can just go to these things and ask for it to spit out what was said. Let's just look up in the Bible seed and it just produces it. And what we failed to do is take things in their full context. And by isolating scripture and isolating certain things, we can make it to say things that it's not actually trying to say. And people say, "Well, did you know the Bible said this?" I'm like, "Oh, I had no idea it said that." Wow, that's that I Yeah, I don't even know why. I don't even know why I believe that. And that you could be made to actually believe things that aren't real because people take it out of context. And it's just this sound bite, just sound bite. And I think it would be it's good when we search the scripture to not just keyword search, but use that key of faith to go into the scripture, read, and let it unlock something to us. In Mark 12 18 to 27, then cometh unto him the Sadducees which say there is no resurrection. That's why they were sad. You see, and they asked him, saying, I got that from brother George Martin from South Africa. Master Moses wrote unto us if a man's brother die and leave his wife behind him and leave no children that his brother should take his wife and raise up seed unto his brother. Okay, that is quoting scripture, right? Moses wrote this. Now, verse 20 comes this exercise. And notice just how this Moses wrote it. They believed this was the word of God. It had some meaning to it. But now let's make it interesting and let's come up with a hypothetical that and and then and then ask a question that causes to really wrestle with what this even means. Says now there were seven brethren and the first took a wife and dying left no seed and the second took her and died which the second takes her according to the law of Moses neither left he any seed and the third likewise. and the seven had her and left no seed. Last of all, the woman died also. In the resurrection, therefore, when they shall arise, whose wife shall be shall she be of them? For the seven had her to wife. Now, Jesus answers this so perfectly and so beautifully. And one of the first things that I'm sure that he catches right away, and that's why the writer wrote it this way. The Sadducees who didn't believe in a resurrection came and asked him what it meant. It's just like someone not even believing the Bible, but they want you to tell you what the Bible mean. What does the Bible mean when it says this? Do you even believe it? Well, no. Okay. What does it matter what it means? What does the Bible mean when it says this? Like, well, do you believe the Bible's true? No. Well, then I'll tell you what it means. Do you get it now? Do you understand it? What did you say? Because what? They don't even believe it. And here are those that don't even believe in the resurrection have concocted this contrived question and inquiry of Jesus. Glad there was no camera over there because I'm sure that's going to make somebody's tick tocker real. And they contrive it in such a painful way that a man marries a woman and has six brothers and they all marry the same woman and they all die with no seed. And I I mean if someone asked me that, I might have just say, "Good question." Or go ask your pastor. And if I'm your pastor, then I might say, "Well, who who's to say they're going to be in heaven?" You know, hell might be the place where one woman has seven husbands. But he says and answers in verse 24, "Do you not therefore heir?" Why? Because you know not the scriptures, neither the power of God. So he's already hitting him where they don't believe in a resurrection. Why do they not believe in a resurrection? They don't know the scripture. And because they don't know the scripture, they don't know the power of God. &gt;&gt; The power of God was in the prophecy was in the word, the mind of God that seeds. He says, "You heir, you are an heir because you do not know the scripture. And not knowing the scripture, you do not know the power of God. For when they shall rise from the dead, they neither marry nor give it in marriage, but are as the angels which are in heaven. and as touching the dead that they rise. Have you not read in the bo the book of Moses how in the bush God spake unto them saying, I am the God of Abraham and the God of Isaac and the God of Jacob. And then this beautiful answer, he is not the God of the dead, but the God of the living. &gt;&gt; Ye therefore do greatly heir. Such wisdom. Such wisdom in the way that he answers this question. And why do they greatly heir? They greatly heir not knowing the scripture. And he takes this answer that in reading it, we might just have go ahead and have a whole semester on debating what what this means and the brothers taking a wife and what these implications might be. But he takes it and he turns it from the scripture. He says the Bible said he's the God of the living &gt;&gt; and you're worried about the dead. If I could use this scripture to make a point. Ignorance of the scripture allows the Bible to be misinterpreted. Ignorance of the scripture allows the Bible to be misplaced. Ignorance of the scripture allows these things to be questioned. Missing the point makes a way for the Bible to be questioned dishonestly. Clearly, the Sadducees, not believing it, questioned it dishonestly because they missed the point of Moses's prophecy or his guidance. We can misuse the word. We can ignore the word. Both will be to our destruction. The deformation of God's character leads to the deformation of our character. This word is his character. It's his attributes. It's his nature. It's a love letter to us. We change it, it changes the message of love to us. We change it, it changes God's character. We change God's character to be wishy-washy and and a and we change it into something that's not rooted in justice, then it produces the image of anything goes. In Mark 7:es 1-13, I know this is just very simple, very straightforward and direct. But the defformation of character begins with the deforming of God's word. We can allow it to be misinterpreted or twisted or deformed. It won't have the effect that it ought to have on us. In Mark 7:es 1-13, then came together unto him the Pharisees and certain of the scribes. These scribes are they which would for a living copied the scrolls. They knew the word because they were constantly writing it. That's who these scribes were. So the Pharisees who tried to live it and enforce it, the scribes who wrote it, which came from Jerusalem. And when they saw some of his disciples eat bread with with defiled, that is to say, with unwashing hands. So they ate bread with defiled hands. They didn't wash them. They found fault. That is just exactly what a pherocetical uh spirit will do is they'll find fault. For the Pharisees and all the Jews, except they wash their hands often the tradition of the fathers. And when they came from the market, except they wash, they eat not. I appreciate Mark giving us some of these backgrounds. And many other things there be, which they have received to hold. So this is they've been given to keep as the washing of cups and pots, brazen vessels, and of tables. Then the Pharisees and scribes asked him, "Why walk thou? Why walk not thy disciples according to the tradition of the elders, but eat bread with unwashing hands? And he answered and said unto them, and notice where he goes, goes right to scripture. Well, hath Isaiah prophesied of you hypocrites, as it is written, this people honor me with their lips, but their heart is far from me. How be it in vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrines the commandments of men? For laying aside the command of God, you hold the tradition of men, as the washing of pots and cups, as many other such things like such like things ye do. So he takes the word and how that they lay aside God's commandments and God's clear spoken prophesied written rule and they elevate their own interpretation and traditions. And he said unto them, "Full well ye reject the commandment of God, that you may keep your own tradition." So there's the word condemning them beforehand. For Moses said, "Honor thy father and thy mother, and who so cursseeth thy father or mother, let him die the death. But ye say, if a man shall say to his father or mother, it is Corbin, that is to say, a gift by what whatsoever thou mightest be profited by me, he shall be free." This is the twisting perverting of scripture. And you suffer him no more to do ought for his father or his mother making and I'm not I guess there's much more we maybe we could get into on the logistics of that the application of those things and what Jesus is calling out. But if we could say God gave a word, man built all these other things around it and and and called it tradition. And they judge Christ and his disciples by the tradition, not by the word. Because that's what that's what they want to do is they they'll judge you by the traditions that people have made of it. They do they do it about even the message of the hour. They judge brother Brandon by the traditions we made out of it and not by what he actually taught. But he says, "Making the word of God of none effect through your tradition, which ye have delivered, and many such like things do ye." When the word was given and asked to be kept, when you change it, you make it no longer effective. It's no longer able to produce what God sent it to produce. God's word is a seed. And if planted in the right kind of ground and nurtured, it'll produce exactly after its kind. It will produce godliness. It'll produce the fruits of the spirit. God's word will produce godliness. God's word will produce the word every time in flesh. But change it ever so much. It changes the expression. It's just like taking a corn of wheat or a corn of corn and plant it into the ground and it begins to grow and then allow another stock to fall over that. And the stock until can grow up, but as it grows, it grows deformed. It grows slanted, bent just a certain way. There's a grace in this analogy because some of us have genuine word growing inside of us, but we've allowed things to influence us and cause us to bend a certain way that's not according to the word of God, but according to tradition. We make the word of God of none effect through tradition. What does that speak to? We deform the nature of the word. Therefore, it deforms the character that it produces. Just have a few scriptures before we close. This is my main one in closing. This is my uh my main point here at the end. Psalms chapter 1, the whole chapter verses 1-6. Blessed is the man. It's a beautiful way to open the Psalms says blessed is the man that walketh not. So it it it's going to begin with what he is not what he does not do and it be it begins to describe the state and the progression of one who leaves the word of God who walks not in the counsel of the ungodly. So there is one who begins to walk according to the interpretation twisting perverting teachings of the ungodly nor standeth in the way of sinners. that once we have allowed our our ears to be had by the ungodly, we will now go from walking to standing in the way of sinners. To not just believe something wrong, but now to do something wrong. Nor siteth in the seat of the scornful. Now it has run its course. Now it's enthroned and we sit down as a scorner, as a skeptic, as a scoffer, as a critic, as one who finds fault. Blessed is the man that is not walking in the counsel of the ungodly, for he will not stand in the way of sinners, nor will he ultimately sit in the seat of the scornful. Remember, the scorner is unable to have wisdom and find truth. If you search the scripture, if you search the word of God trying to find fault, you will find fault, but you will not find truth. You may find facts that you can use to substantiate fault, but you will not find truth with those facts. Blessed is the man who walketh not. Verse two, but his delight is in the law of the Lord, the scriptures. And in his law he meditate day and night. We found in the scripture where Jesus prayed in the morning, he prayed in the evening. Now he meditates in the word day and night. And he shall be like a tree planted by the rivers of waters. I see the image of the rod planted there before the watering troughs that bringeth forth his fruit in his season. His leaf also shall not wither, and whatsoever he doeth shall prosper. This is the power of delighting in the word of God. This is the power of scripture. The ungodly are not so, but are like the chaff which a wind driveth away. Therefore, the ungodly shall not stand in the judgment, nor sinners in the congregation of the righteous. For the Lord knoweth the way of the righteous, but the way of the ungodly shall perish. That image of those that twist and distort the law of the Lord to their own perishing. Blessed is the man whose delight is in the word of God. Whose delight and pleasure who takes time to read the Bible to pray in reading the word of God. His delight to this is what the Bible said. Blessed is the man who delights in the word of God. And he will be like a tree planted by rivers of waters who are going to receive strength, who are going to bring forth fruit, whose leaves will not wither, and whatever he does will prosper. You need the Bible to be fruitful. You need scripture to be fruitful. The Bible is God's word and the Bible is the believer's ultimate. The Sadducees who do not even believe in the New Testament will ask you which would you rather have a message book or the Bible and you say well God is not a God of the libraries he's a God of revelation maybe we'd answer completely but they come up with these hypotheticals where you try to take what are you going to believe more what are you going to believe more which one is more important Let the sophist debate it because the next question is God great enough to create a rock so heavy that even he can't lift it. Turtles all the way down is what it is for those people. But brother Benham said to me and to those that I hope I'm leading if I'm saying that correctly the Bible is our absolute. So if you don't make the Bible your absolute, then very clearly, very clearly, Brother Brand's nowhere close to being an ultimate or a voice or an absolute because he said to me, to those I'm leading, right? If you're a disciple, if you're being taught, the Bible says you shall become as the one who's teaching you. So if that's the aspiration and that's the goal, then ultimately truly a sincere heart will flip to where they do not make him a god, but they make him an example and a teacher who told us that this Bible was our absolute. That's what brother Brandham taught. And if you're ignorant of what he taught, then it can be twisted. It can make him make him it can make him to be something in your mind that he's not. Brother Brandon said he preached the same gospel Paul preached. Second Timothy chapter 4 verse 13 as he's writing. He says, "The cloak that I left at Troest with carpass when thou comest bring with thee." This is one of the things that people criticize. Man, he only had one coat. You know, did did Amazon Prime same day delivery now? I mean, he could get a good Amazon branded puffer jacket, you know, for like 15 bucks on Prime Day and get it same day and return it the next when winter's over. But he says, "And the books, but especially the parchments." Especially the parchments. You know what that was? The word especially. Bring my coat, bring the books, but especially especially bring the word, especially bring those scriptures because through patience and the comfort of the scripture, I made strong. I went and I consulted the scriptures and it's in those scriptures I saw Jesus Christ. It's in those scriptures that I saw that Jesus Christ was indeed the Messiah. He valued those parchments. Remember brother Earl Williams telling the story? Brother Philip, we were testifying about what a precious brother he was and he told the testimony of picking up brother Brandham. They were going to be going here in Arizona somewhere going on to meet with some ministers who wanted to debate and talk about the Bible. And um and if I'm remembering the story correctly, I believe it was brother Earl telling it. Um, and I don't believe it was brother Billy Paul that was the one that but brother Earl went to go pick up brother Brandham and come back to the room uh to pick up brother Brandham in the room and go back to the restaurant. So he had seen these pastors there and they all had their Bibles. And so brother Earl went to pick up brother Bram and he said and he saw that brother Bram was leaving the hotel without his Bible. He said, "Brother Bram, don't you think you need to bring your Bible for this debate?" And he goes, "Their Bible reads just like mine. That Bible is precious to us. I love how it the message teaches us to respect it. One thing I especially love and I can say this about my my son Elliot. Don't put something on top of a Bible. He'll correct you real quick. What are you doing? What are you doing? Sorry. Sorry. Something that we should have that kind of respect for. &gt;&gt; Yeah. I mean, is it is this itself an idol? But does God come from this? Can it be made an idol? Can it be twisted? Can it be deformed? Could we rip the pages out of it and tear it up and burn it? We haven't burnt up God. But in this, there's something supernatural. And Paul as a prophet said, "Specially, bring me those parchments." And as he read those parchments and even those books clothed in that cloak, he said in 2 Corinthians 4:5, "For we preach not ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord." What was happening? The Bible came from his message. It wasn't Paul that came from the message. And it wasn't his message coming from the Bible, but it was the Bible coming from the message. My admonishment to you in identifying the things that the devil exploits to prevent faith or hinder faith is a lack of a prayer life and an unfamiliarity with the Bible. Ignoring God and being ignorant of scripture are two ways that someone can go from believing in God to not believing at all like that. because you never knew it for yourself. And I would say that, Lord willing, on Wednesday night, we'll continue on this subject, but I would say that as a as a dad, these are things I want my children to hear. As a pastor, I think these things are very important for our church as families because our instructions are to the individuals and to families that we ought to have these things in our hearts. Brother Joel, I was thinking about you Wednesday night, a young man living on his own, working hard, uh, making a living, enjoying hobbies and those things that even for him in his life, prayer is important. Reading the Bible is important. Said, well, he doesn't he's not married, he didn't have kids. Doesn't matter. Praying, reading our Bibles is what's going to make us strong Christians. And if you don't do either of those, you may be become a brandite through and through hardcore, right? Waiting for a tent revival, dying, still believing in it, but never know God. &gt;&gt; Never know God because you didn't pray and you didn't read your Bibles to meet the God of the message. Let us not be ignorant of scripture. Let it not let us not have our character deformed. Let us read the Bible and pray for revelation that God would quicken it to us and it will make a difference in your lives. You want to be spiritual, read your Bible and pray that stand today. Musicians coming to your instruments. We could bow our heads in a word of prayer. I'd like to pray for you. And I'm not I'm I tell you I am not using artificial intelligence for this. This is real world experience and wrestling things out with the Lord. And even the attacks of the enemy against our family, against myself, the all the darkness that seems to press in has highlighted this to me. prayer. Don't ignore God. Read. Get to know God. Our gracious heavenly father, today, as we bow our heads and our hearts, we're especially needy because we recognize the lateness of the time. And Lord, there's so much that seems to press upon us fellowshipping. And as a family this morning on the way to church, we were just talking about how people aren't quick to render aid anymore and they just assume that somebody's already called or somebody has help on the way because of all our devices and our connectivity. And Lord, I believe all these uh connections have just cause that switchboard to be so full that we don't open up that channel to heaven like we ought to. And so Lord, I pray that there would be a greater spirit of prayer amongst us as individuals and as families. May we find time to pray and read together. Lord, even if that devotion just consists of reading scripture than praying, those are two things that we know are your will for us. And Lord, we don't have to be the prayer warriors of old that pray all night or we draw ourselves to a secret place and we pray and we pray and we pray with such a tremendous anointing. Lord, we're not all called to that. In the same way that some men are so called to preach this word of God with such tremendous anointing, Lord, that even myself, I just am so in awe of those gifts. I recognize that's not my gift. The same way there's those that aren't even called to preach, but have these tremendous gifts of prayer, but yet I'm still called to pray. Still called to preach. Now Lord, if we are able to read, then I believe we should be reading the scripture. Lord, if we lack for things to read, then that would be my prayer. Inspire me, Lord. Direct me. Give me a plan. And Lord, the world would say, "It takes so many days to establish a habit." And we certainly would not want want it to become tradition. But I don't think it would be anything wrong with us praying right now. Lord, give me the habit and the discipline of praying and reading my Bible. Help me, Lord, to establish some rhythm, some faithfulness, so that I can return to it in the time that I need it the most. Bless these people that were here today. So many gone, but yet so much more here. And this is worth every effort. And I pray that you'd bless it, Lord. I ask all this in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
