################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - ©opywrong - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-13
Title:   ©opywrong
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0PAp44-mbJo
========================================

Description:
©opywrong
Sunday Service: April 13, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Numbers chapter 32:es 5-15. Wherefore said they, if we have found grace in thy sight, let this land be given unto thy servants for possession, and bring us not over Jordan. So this is Reuben and Gad requesting that they not in dwell in God's promised land where he said he would dwell. And so in my Bible, this Thompson chain, the heading is do not bring God's wrath. And so Moses says in verse 6, "And Moses said unto the children of Gadon, to the children of Reuben, shall your brethren go to war, and shall ye sit here? And wherefore discourage ye the heart of the children of Israel from going over into the land which the Lord hath given them? Thus did your fathers when I sent them from Kades Barnea to see the land? For when they went up unto the valley of Escow, and saw the land, they discouraged the heart of the children of Israel that they should not go into the land which the Lord had given them." And the Lord's anger was kindled the same time, and swear, saying, "Surely none of the men that came up out of Egypt from 20 years and upward shall see the land which I swear unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob, because they have not," notice this, wholly followed me, save Caleb, the son of Jeffa, the Kennesite, and Joshua, the son of Nun. For they have wholly followed the Lord. Brother Rowan, you could appreciate this. Joshua had no father or mother because he's the son of none. Yeah. For they have wholly followed the Lord. And the Lord's anger was kindled against Israel. And he made them wonder in the wilderness 40 years until all the generation that had done evil in the sight of the Lord was consumed. And behold, notice how remarkable this is. You are risen up in your father'sstead. You have resurrected as a replacement of your fathers and a increase of sinful men to augment yet the fierce anger of the Lord toward Israel. For if you turn away from after him, he will yet again leave them in the wilderness and ye shall destroy all this people. My so so remarkable. Just trust that God could anoint these words to us, make them alive by revelation. You can be seated. I'm going to try to go slowly today and you're going to have to bear with me as I stumble through some opening things just to kind of peel back the curtain a little bit on where my mind's at and where we've been looking at this. For some of our visitors here who uh haven't been with us in the the series through the year to this point, we've been using different concepts in art and artwork and God is the ultimate artist. Just using these themes as a way of grasping principles of God's word, making them applicable today. My main uh theme has been what does Christ look like today in this uh 21st century that we're not uh we don't try to mimic ourselves after a first century believer what they would look like then but we want to be Christ today so that he can be recognized he can be handled and he can be felt and using a little bit of a play on words. This is a good dad joke but my title today is copyright. And I'm using just kind of the inverse of copyright. We're all familiar with copyright as it relates to the message. If you want to just even search out uh copy, copy and copyright in the message. Brother says a lot of good things about the work of the devil. Uh he says the work of the devil is trying to copy the work of the Lord. So that's that's uh at the heart of some of the things I'm looking at. And in the last few services, we've been looking at how unbelief can copy faith. Uh someone was sharing with me uh recently how they just learned what carbon copy means and and what blind carbing copy means. Was that was that us talking about that or that was me? Okay. Yeah, that trying to remember who that was. That was my little brother that he was 46 years old before he learned what CC meant. And but unbelief copies belief and in copying belief it becomes make believe. So there's three kinds of believers. But in that in that description of them, there's those that truly believe, then there's those that don't believe. But the makebeliever is really someone who doesn't believe pretending to believe. And so make believe is the wrong is is incorrect by copying uh and impersonating faith but not really possessing it. And I there's times when we being ordained to faith and go faith is a gift of God that within ourselves we can operate as an unbeliever and then within ourselves we can operate as a makebeliever but God has given you the gift of faith and that's where you want to operate and live within. So it's not so much trying to come up with a paradigm to judge others by but tools to overcome within ourselves. And so, put yourself in the word of God as we go through these examples because we're wanting us to we're wanting to learn uh the word of God, the promises to us so that we can overcome the time that we're living in. And how many here are familiar with legally what a copyright is? So, good. So, you don't need a lawyer to explain this to you, but it's a type of intellectual property that protects original works of authorship as soon as the author fixes the work in a tangible form of expression. So instead of you don't necessarily need to file for copyright protection but whenever there's an original work an artist a writer a musician a painter has created an original work as soon as they fix it in some tangible form of expression there is laws in our land that uh protect that original work. And so if a work is copyrighted then you cannot use it without the permission of the owner the artist the the author of that. And if you use it then they could enforce certain rights against you. Now I know all of you are thinking but what about the fair use doctrine brother Aaron and yes there is uh limited use of portions of a work that you can uh replicate or you could present or you could use. You can have limited use of portions of a work for certain purposes. And I'm wanting you to begin to look at it this way where there is uh this is going to really speak to some people, but uh there can be an original work and then there's fanfiction that's derived from it. I know you're all you know exactly what I'm talking about. And as long as it's not for commercial purposes, it's absolutely protected under fair use. And so what we have many times in Christianity is a fictional faith and it's fanfiction about the word of God about Christianity and about things of God without actually being the word of God. Brother Brandham said that Christian Christianity had become like little kids in school and how that they're trying to copy off the other and if the other's wrong then the whole thing is wrong and you have a whole bunch of them wrong. And he says, "Don't copy. Meet him yourself." And so he says, "Christianity has become copies. We're just copying off of somebody else. We're just doing what somebody else has done." And so in copying something that is right, we become copy wrong. We become wrong just by copying. Now, to make this a little bit more relevant, what I'm looking at and exploring is the subjects of the perfect will of God and the permissive will of God. And I'm hoping this is a way for us to further understand the difference between those two and what it means to be in the perfect will of God or to fulfill the perfect will of God versus being in the permissive will because we have that understanding. There's the permissive will and sometimes we're very particular that well I wasn't supposed to go do that but God allowed me to do it and I was just in his perfect his permissive will as some sort of loop. And we think very specifically about actual instances, but there's a way that we could be in the permissive and it's not as perfect in that there is an original word of God and what we're in is in a copy. We're we're in something that looks like uh um what's right or it looks like what we should be doing, but it's not actually what we should be doing. Now in Romans 12:2 it says, "And be not conformed to this world, but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God." So, Brother Brandham, I'm saying having been saved as we have and filled with the Holy Ghost as we have, we want to be transformed by the word of God, by the renewing of our mind to prove into that perfect will of God. So that's where we're at now as sealed believers is this transformation process into perfection. So we're to to prove that means to recognize as genuine after examination to approve or to deem worthy. When somebody submits an application for copyright protection, it goes through an examination process. You submit a proof and it's examined to determine whether or not there is original authorship. Whether or not this is something that passes the muster of being an original work of authorship that's in a tangible form of expression. So we are to prove what is that good and acceptable. A lot in those words, a mouthful in those words, a lot of deep meaning. It says and perfect will of God. That perfect there is of full age. It would speak of maturity to be brought to its end or finished. If something is perfect, it lacks nothing to be complete. Amen. So, we're to prove not just what is God's perfect will in certain instances or not just this is what God wanted me to do, but in this overall expression of God, we want to prove what is that perfect and complete will of God. As we know, even in the millennium, the bride and Christ will fulfill all that the man and the woman did not fulfill in the garden. There's to be a fulfillment, a completion, a summation of all of God's purposes and his will. So, we are to prove to prove to demonstrate this to deem worthy and to approve the perfect will of God. So, the perfect will of God, it's God's original complete works. It's what God originally intended with a very specific purpose, a very specific fixed form of expression. As there have been, there was one Christ, one Messiah, then many other copies or duplicates. So there was only one that was the perfect will of God. But the permissive will so we I think we know a lot the perfect will of God is his word. So what is his desire his there's a when God does something he has a reason why he's doing it. God pours out his spirit to accomplish something. He sends a message to demonstrate something to bring to people to a faith and then there that's his specific work. And then there can be a lot of benefits and blessings that come along with it. But that's not what his perfect will was to accomplish this. And there's a lot of things that he permits or allows in the process. So a permissive will is something that isn't part of that specific work or that complete work. Something that falls short somehow. It's outside of the frame. It's incomplete or just only partially accurate. Similac might be one way we could say where it's a copy of something that is original. It's a simulation of belief. It's simulated faith. So there's those that genuinely believe and there's others that are a similacra or a simulation or a copy of something genuine. And brother Bram says all of Christianity's become similacra. So God in his permissive will I think this is a real key point here that he will permit or allow the copy. He will allow the use of or the copy of his original work that's outside of his specific plan, outside of his elective plan, outside of that full expression and purpose. Why does God allow things to happen even divine healing and raising of the dead? Why would he allow it in circles where people deny the oneness of God? Why would he allow genuine signs and wonders in places where even maybe in a ministry where a man is unfaithful and living in sin and some of the things that we see in nominal Christianity and right within the message, signs and wonders and demonstrations, God permits it and God allows it. He could just stop it, right? God could just do things to where it's like, well, you know, whenever you see that, that's absolutely that's where God's at. Absolutely 100%. But that's not always how God does this. And so, Brother Brandham says in the sermon, "The seed shall not be heir with the shock." The kingdom of God which is in the earth today, and the kingdom says, "Amen." That's us. That's who we are. Which is in the earth today can never be set up justly or rightly correctly can never be set up on a permissive will. It's got to come back to his perfect will. Amen. I don't know if you recall when we've ministered on divine healing and signs and signs and those different things that there's many things that God allows in with respect to signs and wonders and miracles and divine healing even that is permissive will. But then there's perfect will. Amen. You've got to come back to perfect will. It can never be set up on permissive will. It's got to come back he says to his perfect will. Kingdom is established on the full word of God. Amen. the original complete works. It's got to be the complete. It's got to come out into the complete. So now if you'll look at I I don't have this, brother John, brother Jack, I apologize in these notes here. I didn't have this in my notes, but 1 Corinthians chapter 10 verses 1-6. I just like to read this quickly as we transition to the Exodus again. And I'm reading this so that we can have this perspective that as we go through in great detail the the Exodus and I just I have a number of scriptures in front of me and I just want to walk through the stories in Numbers 32 and Numbers 14 again uh and kind of like the spirit and the origin behind it and it may seem like man you're just reading a lot of historical things. Oh, it's good to learn good to know where the scriptures are coming from and what it has to say. So there's even a benefit in that without this context. But I want this to be your context because we need to learn in this third Exodus the things that the devil was doing in the first Exodus that kept certain ones from experiencing the transformation so that we can receive the full inheritance. I believe that there's many that are filled with the spirit of God that go by way of the grave. And that is no defeat. But that last victory is going to be those that are alive and remain. And I want to be a part of that and I don't want to fall short of that. And so as I have my mind on that goal of living to the meeting in the air, I I want to recognize all those little things that could hinder me from being there. Amen. Maybe not take me out of the body of Christ, but hinder me from being there. So it says, "Moreover, brethren, I would not that ye should be ignorant. How that all our fathers were under the cloud and all passed through the sea and were all baptized unto Moses in the cloud in the sea." Did I give you 1 Corinthians 10:es 1-6? And did all eat the same spiritual meat? And did all drink the same spiritual drink? For they drank of that spiritual rock. Amen. I I'm not going to have the time today to go through it completely, but in uh Deuteronomy 32, and even my brother David mentioned it when I was fellowshipping with him on Friday where in the Exodus it says, "And your rock, capital R, is not their rock, little R." So think of the things they're following and they're fellowshipping in and what they're part of. That spiritual rock that followed them and the rock capital R was Christ. But it says, "But in with many of them, God was not well pleased for they were overthrown in the wilderness." So there was those that did not overcome in the wilderness. What happens in the wilderness uh kept them from entering into the promised land. And then Paul just gives us the context. Now these things were our examples to the intent we should not lust after evil things as they also lusted that and in that day how many of them do you think had a cell phone with no filters? How many of them think they had there was Jebusites and kinazites and all sorts of other zites? How many of them had websites? Right. What was it they were trying to overcome in that day? And it's it'll be very clear there's a spirit that is the ultimate power against the believer. Says these were our examples to the intent we should not lust after evil things as they also lusted. What it was was unbelief was at the heart of why they were overthrown. We learned from the scripture that they perished in the wilderness through unbelief. Amen. That is the ultimate sin. That is the sin is the sin of unbelief. Now let's look at Joshua chapter 32. Excuse me. Joshua chapter 13 verse 32. And I'm going way too slow today if I'm going to finish, but we'll I will finish, but I may not be able to get it to everything that I want to. But let's just look at this together. Joshua chapter 13 verse 32. Just summarizing some things here for you on the slide. These are the countries which Moses Moses did distribute for inheritance to Reuben, Gad, and the half a tribe of Manasseh. So those are the these are who they distribute them to. The in this is the description that God wants us to zero in on the plains of Moab on the other side of Jordan by Jericho eastward. And each one of these descriptions highlights a characteristic or an aspect of where they chose to settle. It's associated with Moab. It's associated to the other side of Jordan. It's associated with Jericho. And it's associated with eastern which brother Ram says east. that that represents a religious move and mo so the choice of these two and a half tribes is associated with these things wrong side of Jordan each one of these elements here and Moab means seed of his father and Moab is the son of Lot so Moab is the offspring of a makeeliever yeah that's right he's the offspring not of Abraham but he's an offspring h he's an offspring of Lot who has some relationship to Abraham some nearness to the promise, some nearness to the journey. But then there comes this dividing point between Abraham and Lot. And there's something that's exposed in Lot's desires that show he was he didn't mind. He he wanted to have the relationship with Abraham, but he he had it he had a different inheritance. Moab represents that denominational uh condition or spirit that do not wholly follow the Lord. That's right. That's the key there. Brother Brandham said the Moabites knew the truth whether they lived up to it or not. They know it. They know it whether or not they live up to it. And so what we see when we saw last time and and if you want to just kind of jot this down in a margin somewhere, kind of highlight it because I'm just bringing this back from last Sunday. They're cut out of the picture when they're not framed in the promised land. We saw how that they become just a a they they're hardly ever mentioned again, right? uh and they're the first ones that get that mention getting carried away and they're the ones uh and there's just a couple instances really where it mentions them as a whole and it's not in a positive light. So there's hardly any mention of it again. What happens is they become insignificant because they're not within the borders of the promise. They become forgotten. So there's this insignificance to Reuben Gad and this half-tribe of Manasseh. Remember all firstborn. And so what does that tribe of Manasseh demonstrate? That you've got to be born again. You got to enter into the promise. Joshua chapter 10 now verses 10 to15. If you could just recognize this how that they choose this. This is where we're looking at this permissiveness. Then Joshua commanded the officers of the people saying pass through the host and command the people saying prepare you victuals. How many prepare victuals anymore? For within three days you shall pass over this Jordan to go in to possess the land which the Lord your God giveth you to possess it. This is to the nine and a half. This is to really all of Israel. This is the land that God has given you. But then he has a different message for these others to and to the Reubenites and the Gadites and the half tribe of Manasseh spake. Joshua saying remember the word which Moses the servant of the Lord commanded you saying this is that phrase that's very unique. The Lord your God hath given you rest, and hath given you this land. Your wives, your little ones, and your cattle shall remain in the land which Moses gave you on this side Jordan because they hadn't quite crossed over yet. But ye shall pass before your brethren armed and all the mighty men of valor and help them. So they had to enter into the land, fellowship, fight, be with them. But eventually they settle on the wrong side. So he says, "Until the Lord hath given your brethren rest as he hath given you, and that also have they possessed the land which the Lord your God giveth them, then ye shall return unto the land of your possession." They're going to go back and possess that land and enjoy it, which Moses, the Lord's servant, gave you on this side Jordan toward the sunrising. So here it says that Moses gave them that land. we saw earlier in verse 13 which says the Lord God gives you rest and has given you this land. So God gave these two and a half tribes this land on eastward by Jordan in the land of the Moabites by Jericho. He gave them this land. But this isn't God's perfect will. That's right. God's perfect will was always very precise. I want to bring you across Jordan. I want to bring you to this land. This is where I'm going to place you. This is your possession. So what happened was God permitted them. This is God's permissive will. So God's perfect will was in that if we could call it the word the promised land in the message in the this place where the prophet was leading them that the message had been declaring to them all those years and now the Holy Spirit's going to positionally place them in that promised land. And God says, "Okay, that's fine. You can have this land over here." And God permits it. But notice in Numbers 32:5, they asked for permission. Wherefore said they, if we have found grace in thy sight, let this land be given unto thy servants for possession, and bring us not over Jordan. So these two and a half tribes, they don't just take it uh uh without permission. They asked, can we have this? And they requested very specifically in the scripture that we have cattle. This is a place that's good for cattle. We want to have grass, green grass, and enough water to feed our cattle. We They requested permission to use that land for the benefit of their families and for their cattle. And in doing so, they disregarded God's promise that said, "If you'll serve me in the land, you'll have grass for your cattle, wine for your family. You have oil, milk, meat, you'll have everything you need if you serve me." So their decision to stay in the well-watered plains on the other side of Jordan was they didn't want to have to submit to the word of God and trust him. They wanted to have all that evidence outright in their face. So that it's really not faith anymore. That's right. Because in order for there to be faith, there has to be doubt or something uh something against it. Amen. And so this is their decision. They ask for permission and God grants it. Now, there's some that argue that these two and a half tribes made the right decision that in doing so, they're taking a step further to possess more land that God had given Abraham. And there is a factual truth to this. In Genesis 15:8, I was going to have a a map to show you here, but we won't show the map. It says, "In the same day, the Lord made a covenant with Abram." We went through some of the prior verses in this in that uh the fullness of the iniquity of the Amorites and God's covenant that they'll sojourn for 400 years. They'll come to that place and into that land. And this is the land he gives. Unto thy seed have I given this land from the river of Egypt under the great river, the river Euphrates. You look at a map, it's from the coast all the way to the river Euphrates. It covers a lot of the Middle East and it would have held this ground that the two and a half tribes are saying they wanted to possess. So, we can actually look in the word of God and say, "No, it says right here to be baptized in the name of the Father and the Son and of the Holy Ghost." It says it God said he would give them the land all the way to the river Euphrates. And so God, there's a place that they could put their finger on said, "No, God gave this to us. This is part of our inheritance." But God had taken them out of Egypt to bring them to a specific place under a specific promise for that age. Amen, for that time. So there's things we can look at says, "Well, God says that we're going to be able to do this and God says we're going to be able to do that or God said we should do this and God said we should do that." Says, "But that was a promise for another age or that's a promise in the future." Brother Brandham said that most of the church or most Christians are looking for his third coming. A and that's the coming they're looking for. And you know what happens is they miss his revealing in his coming today because of that very thing. So there's something I'd like for you to take into consideration as we're addressing perfect will and permissive will. There's five musts that brother Benham taught us. And in these five musts, he describes them different ways. In following God, keeping his commandments, or to do anything right for God, to do God's service correctly, there's five musts. It must be in his time. Must be in his season. Boy, there's a division. That's right. Not just the season, but a time. Must be according to his word. Must be the man. must be the person he chose to do it and it must be vindicated. And how is it vindicated? It kind of it vindicates vindicated by the word. So the five must be in its proper time, its suitable occasion, its its right moment, the appropriate time must be in its season. So there could be this argument. Well, Gad and Reuben and half a tribe of Manessa, they're claiming that land that God had given Abraham. But the question is, is it the right man? Is it the right season? Is it the right time? Is it according to the word? And the word would say, well, there is a time for it. But this word of this age, the word of this moment is to cross Jordan and possess this land and to drive out the enemy from before you. Because the very uh process was I won't give it all to you at once, but by little and little. And to think maybe hypothetically or just conjecture that had they done everything God asked them to do that once they possessed those borders completely and holy then the kingdom begins to expand to possess all the land just as we will rule and reign over the entire earth in the millennium. There could have been a natural demonstration of how that all that God was going to give them could have been possessed but it had to be according to the season. Amen. So their desire to take that land is not God's perfect will. Now I want you to know I want you to see this in scripture. Not just because I'm saying this. So they request permission to settle across Jordan. And this request to have this land that God gives them according to the scripture is in the spirit of the Kades Barnea rebellion. The rebellion at Kadesh Barnea is now brought back in image again. So in numbers 32 14 and 15. And behold ye are when they request this. This is the prophet's response. So this is a discerning of the spirit. You are risen up in your father'sstead an increase of sinful men to augment yet the fierce anger of the Lord toward Israel. For if ye turn away from after him, he will yet again leave them in the wilderness, and you shall destroy all his this people. If they don't go into the promised land, there's nothing but death left for them. Amen. and you have risen up as an increase of sinful men. This is an increase of unbelief. Increase caused you to stumble and fall at Kadis Barnea. And now it says you have been res uh risen up in your father'sstead. You're committing the same sins of your father. Think of it. If we're to be restored to the faith of the fathers, then there is a very specific faith that we're to receive and to have. And then think about all those who fell at that time. You have Joshua and Caleb who do not fall. How many other fathers are there? And we think, well, we're just this is another book of Acts or this is the faith of the apostles. And what you've become is a faith of the impersonators, a copying numbers 14:1. Now, let's look at this Kades Barnea. They've sent the spies over. And remember, God said, "Moses, you send 12 spies so that they can see for themselves that everything I've told them is true." And what did he tell them? It's a land full of wonderful fruits and evidences, a land flown with milk and honey and full of enemies. And it came back and they had this report. It's exactly how God said it would be, full of milk and honey and enemies. And instead of that thoroughly vindicating the prophet's message, they cabbage down on their perception of the enemy and failed to see them as God saw them and only speculated as to how the enemy saw them. Says, "And all the congregation after these 10 spies lifted up their voice and cried, and the people wept that night, and all the children of Israel murmured against Moses and against Aaron. Oh, how true. The whole congregation said to them, "Would God that we had died in the land of Egypt or would God we had died in this wilderness." My goodness gracious. This is Kades Barnea. They'd rather die in the wilderness or go back to Egypt than to even dare take God at his word. Seems ridiculous, but that's exactly what they're doing. Amen. God said, "You know what? There's enemies, but I'll take you there. I'll drive them out from before you. might be hard, might be difficult, but it's all just exactly as I said it would be. And instead of instead of taking God at his word and trusting him, they would rather have what they knew. That's right. We know the wilderness. We know Egypt. We know what it's like to do this and like to do that. And they refused to go further, accepting the familiar instead of trusting God. Wherefore hath the Lord brought us into this land to fall by the sword that our wives and our children should be a prey? Were it not better for us to return into Egypt? And so what do they do? They try to mimic God's pattern. And they said one another, "Let us make a captain and let us return into Egypt so that we could have a time and a season and a man. We want to check all the boxes we can to go back to Egypt, the very thing they were called out of." We could say that's going back to the world. But what happens when the same spirit resurrects in Numbers 32? It's not necessarily going back to the world. It's going back to the thing God called them out of, the wilderness of religion, the wilderness of Leodysia, and all that it's associated with. Sure. So in response, God says this in verse 22, "Because all those men which have seen my glory and my miracles, which I did in Egypt, and in the wilderness, and have tempted me now these 10 times, and have not hearkened to my voice, surely they shall not see the land which I swear unto their fathers, neither shall any of them that provoked me see it." Remember how we read in Numbers where he said, "Those that are 20 and over, they're not going to see this land. They're going to perish in the wilderness." And he says, "But my servant Caleb, because he had another spirit with him and hath followed me fully." Amen. How had he followed him fully to that point? All he had done is taken God at his word. He didn't go in there and kill anybody. That's right. You know, he didn't put earnest money down on any plot of land. He hadn't settled in the promised land. He believed God that he would do it. And that's how he had fully followed. What is How can we work the mighty works of God? Believe. Believe. That's the only way that we can fight the fight of faith is to hold on to belief. Him will I bring into the land where into he went and his seed shall possess it. So there's your contrast. Perfect will of God. And yet there's this permissive will that we're looking at. So God says in verse 33 to35, "And your children shall wander in the wilderness 40 years." God says there's got to be 40 years now and bear your whoredoms until your carcasses be wasted in the wilderness after the number of the days which you search the land even 40 days each day for a year. I hope we can't do the math and figure out just how much exploring and unbelief is done and how much God has demonstrated perfectly that this message is correct and people fail to embrace it and now we're going to serve a year for every day. Over how many days did God preach the seals there? And that one shall you bear your iniquities each day for a year, even 40 years, and ye shall know my breach of promise. I the Lord have said, I will surely do it unto all this evil congregation that are gathered together against me in this wilderness. They shall be consumed, and there they shall die. That's what God said. Now think of this from this perspective. Go possess the land and go in and spy it out. And so to this moment to numbers 14, he said God comes back and two of them like no calm down people. We're more than able. We're more than able. And then 10 others say, "No, you're not. No, you're not Joshua. No, you're not Caleb." And guess what? God vindicated that Joshua and Caleb were. And those 10 spies were lies because those 10 spies and everyone over 20 really with them died in the wilderness and perished in the wilderness. And Joshua and Caleb cross over. But at that very moment when this sentence is passed and judgment comes, the people could have said, "Oh, no, no, no, wait a minute. Oh, now that we think about it, we don't want to die in the wilderness." And but God would say, "No, no, my word says you have to stay and wait." So, catch the spirit that works within these people. They've already clearly rejected the word. And so, the word pronounces judgment or a sentence or he says something. And notice how they still yet resist correction. Yeah, it's not wrong to it's not wrong to be wrong. That'll make a sermon. It's okay to be wrong. As long as when you find out you're wrong, you're willing to get right. We compound our error when God says, "That was a lying spirit. You shouldn't have done that. That's wrong." And we start to say, "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa," and we start to justify ourselves. We can just say, "God, I'm sorry. Please forgive me. I want to go forward." And so it's okay and we should not be afraid of discovering that we have been wrong. That's right. What we should not do is be stubborn about we don't care if we do wrong. But we should be willing to discover that we have been wrong so that we can be right. And not be arrogant to say, well, I don't mind if I make a mistake. I don't care if I if I do it wrong. No, we ought to care. But whenever we find out we have been wrong, we should be willing to humble ourselves to be right. But notice the spirit associated with Kadis Barnea that comes back up in Numbers 32. If you're looking in your Bibles, this to me is so absolutely remarkable. We stopped reading at verse 35. You could read the next five verses, but just five verses later in verse 40. God has said, "You will remain here for 40 years before you cross the Jordan." And they rose up early in the morning, what are they trying to do? They're trying to mimic something. And get them up in the top of the mountain, saying, "Lo, we be here, and we will go up under the place which the Lord hath promised, for we have sinned." Notice the image. They've been brought to the top of a mountain. From the mountaintop, they can see the land, and they say, "We're here on the wrong side of the promise in the land of Moab, but we're going to possess the land that God has given us." And Moses said, "Wherefore now do ye transgress the commandment of the Lord?" Wait, we're going to go into the land. We want to possess it. We We want to We want to take God at his word. We want to We want to uh say amen to every word of God. This is what we want to do. We want to be a a genuine God-filled, Holy Spirit filled church. We want to do it. He says, "You're going to do it against God's commandment." So, but isn't this what God said? But it shall not prosper. Go not up, for the Lord is not among you. That's it. Look at this. We're We want to do this because this is what God said. And you do it, but God's not even with you. This is how we're going to do it. This is where we're going to be. This is how it's going to happen. But God's not even with you. That you be not smitten before your enemies. Don't go. God's not with you. You're going to die before your enemies. For the Amalachites and the Canaanites are there before you, and ye shall fall by the sword. This is the prophet's answer, right? God does the same warning in the message of the hour. He warns us of venturing. He warns us of trying to fulfill God's word according to our own interpretation or own time or own season. There's this warning. You've turned away from the Lord. So, you're going to fall by the sword of sword of your enemies. Because you turned away from the Lord, therefore, the Lord will not be with you. There has to be a humbling ourselves to the word of God and not this rationalization. Well, it's in the message and brother Benham said it and God did this and God did that. There has to be a humbling. But they presumed to go up under the hilltop. Amen. That's it. Nevertheless, the ark of the covenant Lord and Moses departed not out of the camp. The word stayed. The Holy Spirit stayed. The word was where it was. You followed the word and they're going to go possess the land. God said we could have it. God said we could do this. Then the Amalachites came down and the Canaanites which dwelt in that hill and smote them and discomforted them even unto Hora. Do you see what happened? God said they would enter the land, but now they're doing it without the word. They're doing it without the ark. They're doing it without the prophet. But they're going to fulfill the prophet's message. They're going to be able to accomplish what God said. I wonder if they wanted to do it without having to say Moses said, "Oh my, come on." But God had said it would be 40 years before they could enter. The word said it would be 40 years. If there could have ever been an attitude check, that was their opportunity. He said, "You know what? God said 40 years, Lord, let me not be like one that would perish in the wilderness. If it's going to be 40 years, don't let me make the same mistake as my fathers. Don't let me make the same mistake that I made there at Kadis Barnea just earlier this week, Lord. Oh, God, forgive me. Fall pour yourself on his mercies and say, Lord, I don't want to go back to Egypt. I don't want to die in this wilderness. I'm willing to take you at your word, Lord. Could it be that I can make it across that river?" Yes. And maybe even say, "Lord, if I can, I don't want my children to make the same mistake I made." But what did they do? They set an example to their children so that when their children were of age and could have taken the promise, they fell in the example of their fathers by deciding to go against the word of God. Amen. Brother Brandham says in the message thirst let this be a warning to the Pentecostals Lord across the land. How that Moses a prophet came down into Egypt to fulfill the word of God to bring the evening light to them. How they seen the great miracles of God. How they followed him crossed the Red Sea and were baptized unto him went into the wilderness and eat angels food that fell from heaven and then refused to take all the word. Amen. When they came back from Kades Barnea from the promised land. That's right. And they said, "They're like giants. We can't do it." When God said, "I've already given you the land." Borderline. That's right. Jesus said, "They are everyone perished. They are dead, lost, without God, though they did all these things." Amen. This is this is the the caution. Sorry that I didn't give you some of the summaries of this statement here, but he says they saw miracles, enjoyed, danced up and down the sea coast with Miriam when they beat the tambourine, and only two out of two million went in. And what was the difference? All could do that. Anyone can do that. You know what it takes to do that? Be human. That's right. Right. But what what becomes divine? To take God at his word. That's right. What resonates with the heart of God to take God at his word. Anyone can do the other. But only the elect can truly take God at his word. In this very moment, God's word was leading them to an inheritance in the promised land. And they rejected God's man, God's season, God's time. Yeah. And so then God establishes this new time frame. He says, "You got to wait 40 years." And they got up and said, "Well, God gave it to us. Let's go. Let's do it." You catch the example now? Because there are not only three must or five musts, but there's three must notss. That's right. There's three must notss in scripture or when using God's word because if we do any one of these things, it causes chaos and confusion. You must not misinterpret the word. You must not misplace the word. You must not dislocate the word. So what had they done? They took the word and misplaced it. They dislocated it. That's right. What did it cause? Death. Confusion. That's right. They were destroyed. This is the spirit of their fathers at Kadish Barnea. This is the attitude. What did they do? They went up on top of a hilltop and said, "Behold the land that God has promised and we want to possess it." Now, if you look at Deuteronomy chapter 32:es 48-52, we're making absolute wonderful time. I love this. We're going to be able to have a youth meeting this afternoon. Deuteronomy 32:es 48- 52. Really zero in on this. These things were written for our example that we would not go lusting, that we would not lust after evil things as they did and they perished in the wilderness. We're learning from this. We want to take all the promises of God. We want to take the full word of God. Total obedience to the full word of God entitles us to the display. That's right. The framing. That's right. The rapture. And the Lord spake unto Moses that self same day, saying, now what? Well, I have to draw from some things that we've taught here in the past at great length. Moses struck the rock and acted in a time when God wanted to demonstrate a greater faith. Remember, God wanted Moses to demonstrate the perfect will of God through the word and the word only. He reverted back to striking the rock. And in doing so, he failed to glorify the perfect will of God. And that was enough for God to tell this prophet after the decades of suffering. Think of all the 40s he had to go through. And then finally, I got a birthday card yesterday and they said, "Hold this over your head so you can say you're under 50 for for the last time." And so there was something to be there was something in that moment that God was wanting to demonstrate the word, the perfect will of God, the original word of God, original way of God. Take God at his word. This was important in order to possess the land. But Moses demonstrated at a very critical moment that going back to reverting back, going back to what's familiar, going back to certain things that was part of a glare of another age. And so God, the punishment was you won't cross over. Now, that seems harsh, but God had to do it as an example. There's going to come a time when you've got to meet the mark perfectly, and nothing else will get you there. Amen. The Lord spake unto Moses that selfs same day, get thee up into this mountain, Abram, unto Mount Nebo, which is in the land of Moab, that is over against Jericho. Notice the direct the point at which he's going to bring him to in the land of Moab over against Jericho right eastward the wrong side of Jordan. Take it all all again from Joshua 13. And behold from there you could see the land of Canaan it says and behold the land of Canaan which I give unto the children of Israel for a possession. He doesn't say nine and a half tribes. Doesn't carve anybody out. He says I this is what I'm offering to all 12 or to all the all the tribes and die. He says come behold in verse 50 and die in the mount whether thou goest up and be gathered under thy people as Aaron thy brother died in mount and was gathered under his people. I'm not superstitious that this is the 50th verse. Why? Because ye trespassed against me among the children of Israel at the waters of Meabakadesh in the wilderness of Zen. Because you sanctified me not in the midst of the children of Israel. God wasn't glorified. Who was glorified? That's it. The prophet, the action, the activity, the preacher, not God. That's right. Amen. Yet thou shalt see the land before thee. You'll see it. But thou shalt not go thither into the land which I give the children of Israel. I'll let you see it, but I won't let you enter. And then there's even those. You remember how the twins gets narrowed down to where then it's the same father, same womb produces twins. Moses can't. He can see it, but he can't enter. But then there's actually going to be two and a half tribes that enter, fight, and go right back. There they stood in the land of Moab on top of a mountain looking into the land of Canaan. And God tells the prophet, "Because you've sinned, you can't possess it." I'm not trying to bring out any types to this other than just look exactly what the scripture is saying. And just in Numbers 14, the same men had walked up to a mountaintop and said, "Behold the land. We're going to take it." After they had disobeyed God, and what did God say? You can't have it. He reinforces once again what unbelief is and what sin will do. What failure to take God at his word will do. He's got He wants to demonstrate these things. Give an example. But this very thing that they do in Numbers 14 and what God demonstrates even in Numbers 32 to an extent is the very sin of Lot. Genesis 13 10 and 11 when there was strife that rose up between Abraham and Lot. Abraham gave Lot the choice where do you want to be? And it says and Lot lifted up his eyes and behold all the plain of Jordan that was well watered everywhere before the Lord destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah. even as the garden of the Lord, like the land of Egypt, as thou comest unto Zor. There's your geographical reference point. Then Lot chose him all the plain of Jordan. And Lot journeyed east. Where is it? He's going the other side of Jordan or the other side Jordan. Wrong side of Jordan, eastward. And they separated themselves, the one from the other. Abram dweld in the land of Canaan. Abram's in the promised land. Lot dwelt in the cities of the plain and pitched his tent toward Sodom. But the men of Sodom were wicked and the sinners before the Lord exceedingly. Lot when he stood upon the mountain and saw a choice between Canaan and Moab, he chose Moab. Now that sounds odd since that was his his grandson, son, half son, half grandson. Anyways, right when he looks out, he chooses that land that becomes associ with Sodom and Gomorrah. Right? The land that is not within Canaan, Abram's dwelling place is in the land of Canaan. Lot upon a mountaintop sees the well-watered plains and doesn't trust God as he gave the message to Abraham. He chooses his own land. This is the spirit. When when Moses rebukes the two and a half tribes, he says, "You've risen up in your father'sstead of the sin of Kades Barney of unbelief to choose the land of Moab." Moab is named after Lot's son. Moab is named after make believe. Moab is identified this land they wanted to settle in. It was something that their spirits were had affinity to because it's associated with not going all the way. Amen. It's a copy. It's close. Good. It looks the same. It would maybe look well it's Jordan Jordan River. It's got this. It's got that. It says, "But if you look closely enough, it's not a mirror. It's not the exact thing mirrored. It's a fake copy. It's an illusion. It's a fictional faith." And I I'd like to be able to end it with this thought in Genesis 19:es 15 to 26. And in doing so, hopefully we can bring it to our day. The Bible says as it was in the days of Lot. Amen. Let's just look at the days of Lot again. Genesis chapter 19 15 to 26. And when the morning arose at the rising of the sun, the angels hastened lot, saying, "Arise, take thy wife and thy two daughters which are here, lest thou be consumed in the iniquity of the city. Come out of her, my people. Get out. Have nothing to do with. Be not partakers of flesh. Don't go back like a dog to its vomit. Don't go back like a hog to its waller. Uh uh this is a this has opened up a different lane for us, a different place, a different plane. Let's go. Let's go." And while he lingered, the men laid hold upon his hand and upon the hand of his wife and upon the hand of his two daughters, the Lord being merciful unto him, and they brought him forth and set him without the city. Even a what appears to be a supernatural happening. Think of what Lot could testify to. We the enemy surrounded us and in a moment we were brought out of the city and there we were all of a sudden. So there's something supernatural. Even the to the Hebrews and the uh the rabbins, they look at this as something remarkable. And it came to pass when they had brought them forth abroad. So they're escaping Sodom and Gomorrah. Remember how brother Bram said that Lot's wife started out as an overcomer. Escape for thy life. Look not behind thee. Neither stay thou in all the plain. Escape to the mountain, lest thou be consumed. This is very specific. Amen. If you want to live, I set before you blessing or cursing, life or death. That's what he set before Micadas Barnea. To choose life would be to take God at his word and enter the promised land. To choose death would be to not trust him and whether die in the wilderness or in Egypt. That's what he was putting before them. This is life or death. Wrong side of Jordan, death. Other side of Jordan, life. Here it says, don't stay in the plane. Go to the mountain. Don't look behind you. Those are the three things you have to do. Go all the way to the mountain. Whatever you do, don't stay in the plane. Whatever you do, don't look back. Does that seem pretty clear? And Lot said unto them, "Oh, not so, my Lord. Behold, now thy servant hath found grace in thy sight, and thou hast magnified thy mercy, which thou has shown unto me in saving my life." Could Could we read again? Here it is in Numbers. If we have found grace in thy sight, let this land be given unto thy servants for possession. Bring us not over Jordan. That's it right there. Like were they were they reading Lot's biography? Like had they just stumbled on his Wikipedia page? Like that's a good phrase. If I have found grace in thy sight, and thou has magnified thy mercy which thou has shown unto me in saving my life. I cannot escape to the mountain. Wait a minute. Is this numbers 14? Lest some evil take me and I die. Amen. Behold now, this city is near to flee unto. I'm a city guy. I'm not really a country guy. Behold, these lands are good for cattle. Behold now, this city is near unto me and is it is a little one. Think about how many times we rationalize and justify not obeying God's word because well, it's just a little error. It's just a little levan. Amen. And it is a little one. Oh, let me escape thither. Is it not a little one? He says it again. It's almost comical. It It's a little one. And then he wants confirmation. Is it not? Huh? Don't Don't you think it's good? Nice. Nice and charming church. Got a little culde-sac here. My soul shall live. And he said to him, see, now the angel says, this is where it comes right down to perfect will, permissive will. What did God's word say? That's it. Good. Go to the mountain. What did Lot say? Could you give me permission to live in the plain? And what does God say? I've accepted thee concerning this thing also that I will not overthrow this city for the which thou has spoken. Why doesn't God destroy them? Why doesn't God uh close the doors, wipe them off the face of Why does God let these things be a and rise up and exist? Why doesn't he just prove and vindicate? Why does it seem as if God has permitted and allowed and maybe in our eyes blessed this in the plane when he clearly said not to do that hast thee escaped thither hasty escape thither for I cannot do anything till thou become thither therefore the name of the city was called Zor entering Zor was God's permissive will God's word said go to the mountain. That's it. Lot requested permission to stay in the plane. God said you may. Yeah. The message said escape to the mountain. Lot refuses to fully follow the Lord. And it says he settled in Zoir. As I studied this over the last few weeks, every single possible location is east of Jordan. Different scriptures I read different maps, things trying to find it. And you know what Zor means? insignificance. Lot chose insignificance. Come on. At the rising of the sun. Yeah. When he's told to go to the top of the mountain, we're not at the base. We're not at the beginning. We're not we're not in the Ephesians uh the Ephesians church age. Uh we're going all the way to the climax, the top, the pinnacle. This is the perfection of Mount Zion. This is when God yet speaks again. Go all the way to the top, the climax. Don't stay in the plane. At the rising of the sun, sun Lot chooses insignificance. It's at that moment that the church ages are rejected. Christ is put out of the church. You got to come up high. You got to come into the capstone revelation. Amen. The rest is insignificant. It's rejected. What did the two and a half tribes become? Insignificant. What was the spirit? They were driven by a spirit that settles in Zoir. Insignificance. At the rising of the sun, the sun was risen upon the earth. At that moment, as it begins to rise, at the rising of the sun, Lot chooses his place. Then the Lord rained upon Sodom and upon Gomorra, brimstone and fire from the Lord out of heaven. And he overthrew those cities and all the plain and all the inhabitants of those cities that which grew upon the ground. That's that's that's cursed ground. That wasn't ground to be picking. Now Lot has asked for permission to settle short. But his wife looked back from behind him. And she became a pillar of salt. Why would she look back? You're all thinking, is this is this the moment where we all discuss? A lot of things, brother Benam says to identify the spirit behind it. But how easy had Lot made it for her to look back when he didn't go all the way. That's right. Blame the woman. Blame the woman. Blame the woman. But now the man, Amen. the man was told to go to the mountain so that your daughters and your wife would live. Had he gone all the way, could it be that the woman would never have been tempted to look back? If if we as men in our households, if we as ministers can continue to point to the destination, the destination, and what God has called us to, maybe we wouldn't give the churches and the women and the believers and the young people enough time to look back. That's right. That's right. But she looked back behind herself and she became a pillar of salt. Amen. Likewise, as it was in the days of Lot, Luke 17:es 28-32, they did eat, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they builded, but the same day that Lot went out of Sodom, it rained fire and brimstone from heaven and destroyed them all. Even thus shall it be in the day when the Son of Man is revealed. Amen. In that day, he which shall be upon the housetop, and his stuff in the house, let him not come down to take it away. And he that is in the field, let him likewise not return back. Don't turn back. Don't go back to carnality. Don't go back to the well-watered plains. Don't go back to churchism. Don't go back to Pentecostalism. Don't go back to things familiar. You got to trust God. Take him at his word. Go all the way to the mountain. Go all the way to the top. Go all the way to the change. Go all the way to the word. Take God at his word. Only believe. He says, "Remember Lot's wife." Because Lot's wife under the wrong example. Even though the Bible says that brother Brandham says she rejected the headship of her husband. She looks back. Maybe she lost the confidence in him. Well, if you're not going to follow the message holy, then I'll just go back in the world. How many times has that been repeated? We use the hypocrite. We use the makeeliever as our reason for walking away. Amen. Remember Lot's wife. It's not a warning. It's a prophecy. She must be I probably said this before, but I was preaching one time many many years ago and on the subject of Lot's wife and said she's found that she's the only woman that's mentioned both in the Old Testament and New Testament and we don't know her name. And then there's I think there's maybe the Queen of Sheba is another one that is maybe using reference to that. And then after I preached the pastor got up and said, "We know her name." I was like, "Oh, great. How did I miss this?" I hadn't been preaching very long then. I was like, he goes, "Her name was Anita." Because she she need a lot. I was like, "Oh, okay." Remember Lot's wife at the rising of the sun, the way the scripture unfolds, Lot enters into insignificance and Lot's wife becomes a pillar of salt. But look at Genesis 19 27. And Abraham got up early in the morning to the place where he stood before the Lord. Amen. At the rising of the sun, Lot's wife is turned into a pillar of salt. Lot is entering in significance. But at the rising of the sun in the promised land in the land of Canaan, Lot is is is entering into his destination. He's declaring his fruits. He's showing who he is. Lot's wife is falling away. But at Abraham at the rising of the sun stands in the presence of the Lord. Stands in God's presence. Brother Brandham says in proving his word, don't you see in shadows? Stop here a minute. In the last days, there's got to be a place prepared for the word to be made manifest. And we're now living by the evidence of the new land, the son of man. This isn't the wilderness. This isn't Egypt. This isn't church ages. This isn't le oysia. We're living by the evidence of the new land. It's represented by the son of man. It's not dead carrying. It's not the glare of another age. We're walking into his presence. We've entered into the holiest of holies. We're now living in the new land of the son of man. Amen. Amen. Brothers, if you could come to your instruments at the rising of the sun, I want to be found doing everything I can to enter in. I want to be standing before the Lord. But there were false prophets also among the people. Second Peter chapter 2 verse one. Even as though there shall be false teachers among you, who privilege shall bring in damnable heresies, even denying the Lord that bought them and bring upon themselves swift destruction. And many shall follow their pernitious ways by reason of whom the way of truth shall be evil spoken of. And through covetousness they shall with fain words make merchandise of you, whose judgment now of long time lingerth not, and their damnation slumberth not. What was it that was Lot was doing? He got permission, but it wasn't the original. What was the two and a half tribes are doing? They got permission, but it wasn't the original. Wasn't the full word. They copied. They didn't have a copyright. They were copy wrong. But God said, "I could do it." Brother Brandham told woman told him, "God called me to preach." She says, "I'm not saying he didn't. God could tell us all sorts of things to do." Remember the prophet who was told, "Go do this. Don't stop. come back. Young prophet, he had to do what he was supposed to do. God told another prophet to stop him and tell him not to do it. That's it. He had to do what he was called to do. That's right. Don't let somebody else stop you with a word from the Lord and an interpretation of this message. Amen. You do what God told you to do. Hallelujah. You go do exactly what he said. Amen. It says, "And turning God judgment now and turning the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah into ashes condemn them with an overthrow, making them an example unto those that afterward would should live ungodly." Amen. And then the paradox, but delivered Lot because it vexed his righteous [Music] soul. There's a perfect will. Yeah. And there's a permissive will. Amen. He said, "These are those that have, like a dog, gone back to its vomit, like a hog to its wallow. Let us not be like those." So, I would even go as hard to say, you can't be like those. God has ordained it. It's going to happen. Stop fighting it. Stop kicking against it. Embrace it. Lean into it. Take God at his word. Well, I'm worried about this. I'm worried about it. He said he'd take care of it. And that's the lesson we learn is that they went lusting after evil things. What were the evil things? Maybe not as evil as we think they are. A lot of it did manifest in uh false god, worship of false gods. We'll look at this the next service we minister on this subject on this religious spirit that rises up in this land and how it's a resurrection of this rebellion, even a resurrection of Numbers 14:40. Let's go into the land. a resurrection of a spirit that would try to destroy the children of Israel and keep them from possessing their land. It's all in these stories. It's all written in there for our example. So, we got to use it and take heart to realize that whatever comes against me, whatever affront, I want to know what the word of God says and I want to amen it. I want to stick to it and I want to manifest in my life. Amen. I don't want to use it by permission. That's right. I want to be the perfect expression. That's right. I I don't want to I don't want to have a right to use. I don't want to have a right to be associated with. I don't want to ask God to give me something and he'll give it to me and it's his per permissive will. And this is to me how it it just settled to in a way for me to understand more what permissive will is. Permissive will is just anything that's not the complete will. That's right. So if I am in this in the journey and I stop short and I come right to the doorstep and I never go all the way in that is still yet permissive. Amen. Because the perfect is the complete. My prayer is God help me personally. Amen. As I can learn from the example of Lot. I can earn for the learn from the example of Ruben and these different ones. Lord I don't want my own falling short to be the excuse my kids use. Oh yeah. I don't want to cause my wife to stumble. I I don't want to cause you to stumble. I don't want because what I point to as a minister, I cause you to stop short. God help us. Amen. To go fully into the new land. It's open up to us a whole new field. Amen. That's where we want to be living. That's where we want to be feeding. That's where we want to stay. Somebody who's been fighting alongside you for years wants to go and settle somewhere short of the promise. wish them their best, but you stay where God has revealed himself. Let's stand to our feet. Let's pray together with you today. Just a wonderful, wonderful anointing that's upon the people. It's a tremendous atmosphere. If we could just pray. Heavenly Father, today Lord, as we will soon dismiss our service, fellowship one with another. And I pray, Lord, express virtuous things and testify of your goodness. I ask, Father, that you would keep the thought of this sermon alive that we would learn not so much the caution of where we could end up, but so much more the tactics of the enemy and what we're fighting against and maybe what's hindering us and what's keeping us from progressing and what's affected our children or caused us to not be able to live completely in victory. And so Lord, my prayer is that we would look at this from a real positive place, positive perspective that none of us here are Lot's wife. None of us here are with the two and a half tribes. None of us are Lot or a Moab or a Balum. None of us are of those fathers in Numbers 14. Nor are we any one of us the false fathers in Numbers 32. But we are your elect. We are your children. We are Joshua, Caleb. We are your bride. We will possess every promise. And what we are up against is this spirit of mimicry. This spirit of impersonation, this copy wrong that claims to have a copyright that fights us and tells us we're in his will. But if we look at it according to your word, it's permissive. I want all that you have for me, Lord. I want the full word of God and nothing else. I don't want a cheap imitation. I don't want a knockoff. I don't want the false. I don't want the bogus. I don't want to be just right up next to the river where I can see it and I can see the ruins of Jericho and rejoice of great victories. I can look across the river and see all the battles won and all the enemies we defeated, but still find I've settled on the wrong side of the promise. Take me all the way into the holiest of holies, Lord. Let me live there. Let me abide there. It's what David was meaning when I should dwell in the house, Lord, forever. He didn't want to come and go and come and go. He wanted to permanently abide in your perfect will. Grant that we could do that, Lord. There's healing there. There's bread there. There's provision there. There's grass for our cattle. There's rain for our crops. There's oil. There's wine. There's everything. Pleasure, provision, protection. Everything in this land. Healing, signs, wonders, gifts, power, rejoicing. It's in the land. We need not go anywhere else for it. Amen. We just need to trust that you'll bring it your time according to our obedience to think Lord that through obedience we can actually produce the evidence of your blessing to find grass for our cattle and wine and all sorts of evidences but yet we did it without humbling ourselves to the word of God and we're blessed Lord as we could continue to read quote after quote and scripture after scripture see that we are blessed but it's your permissive will not your perfect will to be in your perfect will Lord teach Father, to follow in your steps to do that which is right. And Lord, I would desire that there'd be a hunger for the full word of God to dig into these things to find what the prophet was pointing to there in 63 64 and ultimately in ' 65 at the end of his ministry is trying to orient us to the son of man in this rapture season, the bride age. Grant it Lord I pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
