################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-12-28 - Impressions of Christ - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-12-28
Title:    Impressions of Christ
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:   Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 12m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0Qt8brXDcNM
========================================

Description:
Impressions of Christ
Sunday Service: December 28, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
God who at sunundry times and in diverse manner spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets hath in these last days spoken to us by his son whom he hath appointed heir of all things by whom also he made the worlds who being the brightness of his glory and the express image of his person and upholding all things by the word of his power when he had by himself purged our sins sat down on the right hand of the majesty on high being made so much better than the angels, as he hath by inheritance obtained a more excellent name than they. For unto which the angels, for unto which of the angels said he at any time, thou art my son, this day have I begotten thee. And again, I will be to him a father, and he shall be to me a son. And again, when he bringeth in the first begotten into the world, he saith, and let all the angels of God worship him, and of the angels he saith, Who maketh his angels spirits, and his ministers a flame of fire? But under the Son he saith, Thy throne, oh God, is forever and ever. The scepter of righteousness is the scepter of thy kingdom. Thou hast loved righteousness and hated iniquity. Therefore God, even thy God, hath anointed thee with the oil of gladness above thy fellows. And thou, Lord, in the beginning, hast laid the foundations of the earth, and the heavens are the works of thine hands. They shall perish, but thou remainest, and they all shall wax old as doth a garment, and as a veester shalt thou fold them up, and they shall be changed. But thou art the same, and thy year shall not fail. But to which of the angels said, he at any time, sit on my right hand until I make thine enemies thy foottool. Are they not all ministering spirits sent forth to minister for them who shall be heirs of salvation? Amen. What a incredible poetic reading there. God bless you. You can be seated. such remarkable words about the son whom God had spoken in in the last days as it's mentioned here and then this position of God as the creator of all things and his greatness and so there's some impression that we can gain from reading that and my title is impressions of Christ and I have a lot that I'm I do want to cover I say a lot but it's not going to be lengthy I don't believe but I wanted to read this statement uh by Reverend George Mat he's one of my favorite uh writers and he wrote a book called Studies of the Portrait of Christ. He did it in a couple volumes and uh this is in one of the first ones. This has been in I don't know if the brothers and the slides had noticed this but I think I've had this in my notes for last several services but he writes in the gallery of human souls there's one preeminent figure. It has been the study of all artist, of all thinkers. From the most opposite sides of the building, men have seen it. So now he's looking at it as a gallery, an art gallery, some piece that's hanging. And he says that these men have approached this portrait, this this painting of this human soul. They've approached it from opposite sides of the building and men have seen it, approached it, centered around it. It's been studied by the lover of beauty. It's been lauded by the lover of the commonplace. It has been examined in the interest of philosophy. It has been scrutinized in the interest of childlike simplicity. It has been admired as the embodiment of a creed. It has been eulogized as the negation of all creeds. It has drawn the eyes of the mystic who wants to soar above the world. It has attracted the gaze of the practical who find the world a home. Wise men have sought it in the pursuit of science. Shepherds have sought it in the guiding of their flocks. Herod has sought it in the policy of self-interest. every think of all those different ways that he's been approached and people have looked at this and responded to. He says every avenue of the mind has been at some time a road to the portrait of Jesus. Every mind at some point has been at on this road to the portrait this picture of Jesus. And he's using this stage of well there's this picture that's been painted in this gallery of human souls. There's one preeminent figure, the perfect man, Jesus Christ, that portrait of humanity and divinity. And everyone at some point has been on a road to that picture and looked at it from different vantage points and taken from it childlike simplicity, have taken philosophy or used it to embody creeds or to negate creeds. They've done it in the pursuit of science or in the guiding of flocks or maybe for self-interest. There's been all sorts of ways that it's impacted. But these are and these are the impressions. This is what I want to start with thinking how has it impressed you? And today we are we're taking uh a we're taking this service to conclude uh the series that we've been on this year using the subject of art and these different concepts. We began with the sermon on the art of God at the very beginning of the year. Uh then dealt with created to create and how life imitates art and art for God's sake and the original inspiration. And in that we were seeing how that god is the artist or the creative. We read it here in Hebrews. He's the one that created all things and he brought these things forth. And so he being the creator, you are the created. You're the one that he has created. And we could even say in a natural sense, all life has come from God. That's why uh the woman could say I've gotten a son from the Lord because all life comes from God. And so God is the creator but and you are the creator. But in a spiritual sense, it's the same. you being new creatures and new creations in Christ Jesus. And so you have come forth for such a time as this. So the setting and the context that you're born into is this modern world or this present age. And we know that God's ways and his works and the things that he does, they express his nature. They indicate his character. We think of somebody's uh way that they do something. There's this these distinctive attributes or traits and you say, "Well, those are I like to say sometimes those are the fingerprints of God." Sometimes we think when God would when God would do something uh it would be so uh so obvious that it's God. But sometimes God does things in a way you have to be discerning and recognize his fingerprints. And so we know that actions and words and even the way that we present ourselves is an expression of identity. The same with God. And we know that God will identify his character or he's identified by his character in every age. So as time has unfolded in the Old Testament, we see God identifies himself through uh in in the New Testament, even through the church ages, God's had a way that he expresses himself. So well, how are we going to know God? You know him by his character. Well, how do you know his character? You know him by his character through the word. &gt;&gt; And so his character will be the same today, which is the present world, as it was yesterday, even in the ancient world. So we look at we've think of all Christians in days gone by and you can see paintings and read stories and the f fox's book of martyrs as my former pastor used fox's book of mortars and he thought were they brick layers what's happening there but in the fox's book of martyrs that there was a hest testimonies and this is this is what it looked like and this is what they did well uh we certainly don't want to live in that day uh so that we testify as being Christians by being crucified or burned at the stake. But there is an expression today of the character that those Christians had. &gt;&gt; And so Jesus Christ is unfolding himself today. And that first expression of Christ or in Christ, this intent, this character uh is to be reflected or even restored in this day as Christ has been kicked out of the church and these truths lost. That's when we, it's those first eight services that I'm kind of hearkening back to because they kind of formed the foundation for where we went on holiness and sacred symmetry and some of those things. But we looked at God hidden in profanity. And uh there was a certain theology within churches that art uh if it conveyed [clears throat] God, it had to be grand. It had to be ornate. It had to speak of something supernatural and beyond ourselves because truly God is not human and God is not earthly and God is not um bound to human elements. There was a way you wanted to convey the divine by more than just a halo effect but by gold and embellished images but and there was this ban even within the Catholic Church. You couldn't paint things that they called profane. And now profane today we think profanity. We think four-letter words and things we shouldn't say, but it just simply meant common, normal. So, we looked at God hidden in profanity, hidden in flesh. God manifest himself in flesh or in this human beings lives. And that's where with the original uh reality in in that original context that God in the present context how that this what Christ was today and we led to 21st century Christ which is what you are. You are Christ today. God making another masterpiece to do what? Reflect his beauty and to perform the same creative acts. You're not going to create worlds as they were done in the beginning. You may not do the very same things of multiplying bread, but there is a performative uh the performance of the Holy Ghost in you. Your life will reflect the beauty of the Lord. Your life will be the light that draws others to Christ. This is how a church should operate is the members are the light. Uh we do have a desire to do meetings and to do outreach and and do things in a way that we could get the gospel out to those that need it. We support missions, but the most effective witnessing tool that a church has is not programs and tracks, but it's you. &gt;&gt; That's a that's the way a church should grow is by the lives and the light of those who are out there amongst the people every day expressing the character of Christ. And so it's not uh not just a discipline to what the external appearance should be or those optics but it's displaying his character. So there is a display but it's not looking at well what did he look like then and what does what should a Christian look like and let's try to look like a Christian. It's what is a Christian on the inside and let's be that. &gt;&gt; It's the word becoming a reality in just ordinary everyday life. I know that we would like to perhaps become Christians that we could just walk into hospitals and get everyone out of their beds and heal everyone and walk on water and create all the Christmas gifts we want and we'd want to be that kind of Christian. But it's God manifest himself in just the ordinary, the common place. And so the challenge today, this is the way that it struck me and and even have it written down here. Godly enough to be separate but human enough to be relatable. Amen. &gt;&gt; Godly enough to to be identified as a Christian. Godly enough to be separate from those things of the world, but human enough to be known for so human enough to be related. Someone could relate to this is God. This is this is a portrait of divinity, but yet this is a person. This is a human being. So there's a a relevance, something relatable to that. and that and I wanted to share that so that you could understand this is what we're trying to not so much finish but just conclude this thought this is my been my thesis from the very beginning and I just felt like this is a perfect opportunity just to kind of end this series on uh using this subject of art throughout the year got a lot of good feedback on it appreciate those who've enjoyed it those who have not provided the negative feedback I appreciate the fact that you didn't but I am moving on haven't gotten any negative feedback and we're moving on so now you waited long enough and we'll move on. But I have uh I wanted to mention this and use this as a starting point here. But what would Jesus look like is the question if he was born just 30 years ago. [clears throat] You say now that you begin to think about can't remember what it was. I read the other day, but um the you know now we're in 2026 almost and you think about that like everyone says 20 years ago that was 1980, right? I mean that's what we mean. we think 1980, but no, that that's 45 years ago, 46 years ago. And so, we've moved on to where someone just born 30 years ago. They're born in the 1990s. What would they look like today? This present day reality of a Messiah if he was born maybe not in a manger, but born maybe in a a different way uh in a in a way that's very common or maybe even less common, a unique circumstances. What would he look like? And this is an image of what Jesus may have looked like 2,000 years ago. You say, "Well, that's uh who does that look like?" You might say, "Who does who does this person look like?" But it's a model of a Galilean man uh from the time of Jesus um by a forensic anthropologist based on an actual skull that was found in the region. So, they're using different data points and ways to project what Jesus may have looked like uh back in 2,000 years ago in Galilee or Judea. And this is uh we could say, well, if that's what he looked like then, we say, well, is that what we need to do? Well, that that wouldn't even necessarily be accurate. So, what I did is I took some time and I used AI. This is the only part of AI that I used for my sermon is I generated images of what and I it's kind of painstaking to do this in a particular way of what a modern Jewish man may look like today in today's times and and uh if we were to see a 30 to 33y old uh Jewish male today how would he appear and I I want you I'm saying this because if you went back 2,000 years ago and you saw Jesus, there's not going to be a an apparent halo over his head. &gt;&gt; He's like, "Yeah, that's the son of God." That's what we think the halo came from. You know, this would be the son of Joseph. And this is way people we know your brothers. We know your sister. We know your parents. He would have looked like just another 30-some year old man at that time. Here's another uh characterization of what maybe a Jewish male would look like. And they they're just normallooking people. &gt;&gt; Nothing outstanding about them. even to the clothes that they wear. There's nothing that might uh stand out and say, "Oh, whoa, hold on. Is this the modern-day Messiah? Is that who AI just generated Jesus? Uh uh, and this is what he would look like?" Well, he very possibly could have looked just like that. There was a a Dutch artist some time ago. I don't know if any of you are familiar with this picture, but he was an artist. and he created an image of what Jesus he believes Jesus would have looked like uh 2,000 years ago based upon artist renditions all sorts of uh information and he used some very uh robust tools to try to create a composite of what he thinks Jesus may have looked like. And I see that and I see Hoffman's head of Christ and and different things that might stand out to me, descriptions that maybe you had put a lot of confidence in. the way brother Brandham described how he would look to me. I say, "Wow, uh, that's pretty accurate of maybe how he would look." But then again, that's just a head shot. So, once again, I used AI and I I thought this was kind of funny. I said, "Well, let's put this face in a modern context." And he was always carrying a cup of coffee. I mean, where does this leave the Mormons? And so he's uh so here he's he's just kind of hanging out, you know, looks kind of good here. Here again, cup of coffee. I guess this could be a a matcha. But this is what this face would have looked like in these kind of modern day settings. This is how maybe he would have looked at work. Just a carpenter using modern tools. A and I share this because the question is what would look Jesus look like today and the challenge is yeah I'm I think we should start to realize there's so much more that has to do with the heart of things &gt;&gt; and the way that we live the way that we act the way that we talk the way that we respond in more than just put it on I like to use the phrase the cosplay of a Christian &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; where we have the trappings &gt;&gt; you know we're going to get a cross tattoo or we're going to have a what would Jes Jesus do bumper stick or or fly a Trump flag. You know, all the things we do to indicate we're real Christians. And we say those things in themselves are are just elements that present uh ideas. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; Right. &gt;&gt; And and that and they're symbols, but is that really what Jesus is? Is that does that distill down to what Christ is? So I come back to this thought of impressions of Christ. An impression is a mark produced by pressure. You talk about a print or a stamp, there's some act of applying pressure. It's the act or process of making a mark upon a surface by pressing. So that's what an impression is. And we could use the verb, you could use the noun, but this impression is that the act of making a mark by pressing. A copy made by pressure. You do this with type or an engraving where you apply pressure and you engrave the surface of something. So it in doing so an impression it makes a permanent image and so it's a even used in the sense of a characteristic mark something that distinguishes something like a potter will take a a stamp and they put their initial in that or they put their symbol in that and by doing so it's this distinguishing identification it's an impression but impression also speaks of something that has a strong effect on the mind or heart. If it if you've been impressed, if there's an impression, it means to stamp deeply in the mind. So an impression is something that uh if we can say an image uh an image or a likeness that's produced in the mind or the emotions by something a pressing it literally means a pressing on the mind. So that the mind we say well you look at your your brain matter and it's not that if you're thinking about that there's a shape of a burrito stamped into your head but rather there's something influencing shaping a and giving this uh influence to your mind or your thoughts and some of you may have already in your in your thoughts as we use this phrase impressions. There was a 19th century art movement called impressionism. There's different impressionist painters uh that were identified with this. Clode Monet, one of the considered the father of impressionism. It began in Paris. It influenced a lot of artists that you know of that were called postimpressionist but yet greatly influenced or impressed by the impressionist. And they were focused on accurately depicting this kind of a visual impression of a moment, especially in terms of how light works and its shifting effect or how color changes at different stages. And they valued the expression of movement, especially in terms of uh you know the especially just how that movement is a very valuable element of human perception and experience. When you see something, our minds kind of have this interplay where it's like we ex we look for something to be in motion or there's certain ways you can indicate movement by how you express things. And this is vastly different from other periods to where you saw a lot of art that was these still lives and and they were very focused on somewhat of a realism and just expressing things the way that they would have been in color and and scene port. Think of how portraits are done. A a brother shared with me a portrait of somebody who in their life never had a portrait uh painted of them. So was left to his enemies his death to paint his portrait. And so now this brother had and it's was very unflattering. So now this brother has a new nickname. It's that Robert Skooler or whatever the guy's name was. And he says, "I sure want to keep in good uh in good with my friends so if they ever paint a portrait of me after I'm gone, it doesn't look like this." But there's a way that portraits were done and what did they do? They expressed that you would look at them and this may not be how they look every day. This is how they looked when they rolled out of bed. This is done to convey uh power, prestige. There's a lot of different elements that were used. But now impressionists came along and initially when I began you the series I I began to think well the impressionists were just using their interpretation of what they saw. And so I maybe was a little bit uh reluctant to lean into this. But as the Lord dealt with my heart, I began to realize what what impressionism expressed was something very different than well, I'm going to look at a sunset and interpret it the way I see it. But they they were meaning something else even by the phrase impressionism. And this picture here, this is one of the most famous uh impressionist paintings. I know all you artists immediately recognize this as impression sunrise by Clo Man Monday. And you look at this and you I think you can figure out what this is. Can some of you who can see it closely? It's this it's a it's a sunrise. It it these are bolts on the water and you say, "Well, that's this isn't very good detail, but it conveys what that sunrise might look over the water. How you might feel when you look at it. the the this kind of this impact. It impresses something on you. It's the effect produced upon the mind as the artist looked at it. It had some impression on them. There was a feeling to it. They're they're the viewer. They're the viewer of nature. So, but how is that nature impressed them? &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; And so, one of the things that identified impressionism were these visible brush strokes. &gt;&gt; You could see it. Whereas before, great detail was given to make it look and appear what we would call a photo today. said, "Well, that's a photo, not a painting." They went to great lengths to where you didn't see the brush strokes. The paint wasn't going to be added on very thickly. So, these visible brush strokes were characteristic of impressionism because it represented, as one writer put it, the direct impact of surface markers on spiritual perception or experiential cognition. &gt;&gt; The actual brush strokes were indicating that there's some impact, there's something deeper that's happening when we view a sunrise. We could paint it in a very sterile way and say, "Wow, that's a be that's a painting. Wow, that's amazing." And you begin to think that artist is absolutely gifted, talented, that's beautiful. That conveys a lot of what the it actually would have looked like, but when you look at it, you don't feel there. There's nothing there's no deeper impact. So this the impressionism spoke to this idea that there was something that could impact you. there's some effect of that nature, some impression, not just the visual, the act of the optics working to create a visual image, but rather something that impacts you deeper. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And if I could say it this way, as I've alluded to before, good art tells a story, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And all the storytellers said, "Amen." Or, "Yeah, I like that." There you can say it. Or how many years have I been waiting to hear that? No, I'm just kidding. It conveys meaning, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And that's what was intended. Even in the realism, in the portraits, you say, "Well, why are they carrying this chain? It meant something. Why is this in the background?" Good art, even if it's not impressionism, has meaning to it. It It's supposed to provoke some sort of thought. And so, it's more than just accurately depicting a scene to where, oh, I want to be very, very faithful to be sure I get the green right. But are you going to be able to paint that in such a way to where you recognize the wind is blowing or the sun is rising or the time or the season or or what a person may be doing or are they pensive? Are they walking? Are they on the horizon? There's a way that the story has to be told to convey more than just oh that's a that's a brook that's a tree. In John chapter 1:es 1 to18 as we read through this I would like for you just to gain an impression going to read this in a way that we are relying upon John to begin to tell us a story of a God who was in the beginning who was then manifested in flesh and so as we read it there's something that we could use this as the literary impressionism that it's being written to us in a way that this is the mind of God as he pinned it upon paper and I want to strike me I I I don't want to just be able to say, well, God was the first and then he had a son and kind of get a chronology and be accurate historically. I want there to be something more that impacts me. &gt;&gt; In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. &gt;&gt; So God is the word. The word is God. The same was in the beginning with God. All things were made by him and without him was not anything made that was made. In the beginning God created. The word was a very was creative. That was the part of the inspiration of this entire series. Well, where do you get this biblical concept of uh art? In the beginning, God created. All things were made by him. Without him was not anything made that was made. In him was life and the life was the light of men. And the light shineth in darkness and the darkness comprehended it not. Then there's this transition to this introductory ministry. This Eli spirit of Elijah. There was a man sent from God whose name was John. The same came for witness to bear witness of the light that all men through him might believe. He was not that light. God's forerunners, God's messengers are not the light. They are the ones who point to behold the lamb of God who takes away the sins of the world. He was not that light but was sent to bear witness of that light. That was the true light which lightth every man that cometh into the world. Now we begin to see that this has gone from God who in the beginning created who was the word to where now there's this introductory ministry of Elijah John the Baptist who introduces the light. It says he was in the world and the world was made by him and the world knew him not. He came unto his own and his own received him not. This is uh telling us very real things about this ministry and his days of his flesh. But as many as received him, there's something that's been received now and welcomed. There's others who don't receive him. God and his son is in the world. The word was made by him. Have I been so long with me? You don't know who I am. When you've seen me, you've seen the father. And he came to the Jews. He came to them there in Palestine. And they DON'T RECEIVE HIM. BUT SOME DO. And as many as did receive him and welcome him. to them gave he power to become the sons of God to manifest to to express divinity even to them that believe on his name which were born. This is a new birth. This is born again from above. Not of blood nor the will of the flesh nor of the will of man but of God. &gt;&gt; As many as received him were born of God. &gt;&gt; New beginnings, new creations. So then he says, "And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. In the beginning was the word and the word was with God. And the word was God." And then we could say, "And the word was made flesh." This is what John introduced. This is what was to follow Elijah's ministry. The word made flesh. The word was made flesh and dwelt among us. This is what God does when the word is made flesh. It dwells among us. Wouldn't it be great that the moment you're born again, you're gone. &gt;&gt; Boom. You're out of here. Resurrection. you're you you've raptured and your body just drops or changes, however you want, but but you cease to exist here. But no, the word is made flesh. You're born again from above and then you dwell. It says, "And we beheld his glory." And I'm kind of maybe looking pointing to this end of us and we beheld his glory. The glory is that only begotten of the father full of grace and truth. Therefore, I believe that if you are to be born again, you're a holder of glory &gt;&gt; so that others can behold that glory. John bare witness of him and cried, "This is he of whom I spake. He that cometh after me is preferred before me, for he was before me." And it says, "And of his fullness," now John the writing this, "and of his fullness have we all received and grace for grace." Such beautiful words. He was in the world and the world knew him not. But there was those that received him and they're born of God. They received the word made flesh who dwelt among them. And we've received him and of this fully we've received him fully uh what he was and it's grace for grace for the law was given by Moses but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; You want grace comes by Jesus Christ. You want truth that comes by Jesus Christ. Outside of those there are none. &gt;&gt; There's no grace and no truth. You can have partial truths and partial grace. We can have grace in a human sense but grace and truth come by Jesus Christ. Mercy and truth are met together in him. Amen. &gt;&gt; And then verse 18, no man hath seen God at any time. This is when Moses saw the backside, he didn't see God. He saw God in a form that declared his presence. He said, "You cannot see me face to face and live." But then Jesus says, "When you seen me, you've seen the father." So it says, "No man has seen God at any time. Cannot." There's even this sense that God who fills all time and space cannot be glimpsed or seen in the sense that well I've seen him but he says the only begotten son this is now Jesus Christ the word made flesh which is in the bosom of the father he hath declared him &gt;&gt; we say in the bosom of the father do I I'm going to present it this way John's I we shouldn't limit what he's saying to the fact oh now he's returned back to the father and there he is resting in the bosom of the father but rather when he says he is in the bosom of the father. Just think of this is at the heart of God &gt;&gt; who is the very heartbeat of God, the very nature of God, the very that if you've seen me, you've seen the father. In other words, when you when you say, "Well, you just don't know my heart." Has anybody ever had to say that to somebody? I can't believe you would do that. Well, you just don't know my heart. If you knew my heart, you would completely justify what I just did. But there's a sense where you say, "You don't know me. you if you and if you know someone's heart maybe if it seems a little bit a little bit misguided or doesn't work out you say well I know their heart in other words I know their person I know their intent I know their motive I know what they're trying to achieve so he says which is in the bosom of the father this is the heart of God says he hath declared him &gt;&gt; and to say he declared him it doesn't mean he was sitting there going dad he's my dad HE WASN'T JUST SAYING FATHER FATHER GOD he was declaring him which means to draw out &gt;&gt; as in a narrative &gt;&gt; that Jesus was declaring the father not that HE WOULD SAY I COME FROM GOD AND I GO BACK TO GOD AND GOD IS MY FATHER AND said there's the declaration it wasn't a declaration to where something was just pinned and distilled to a creed or a mantra but it was an unfolding &gt;&gt; Jesus wasn't implying have I been so long with you that when you that you don't know who I am but he's actually alluding to the fact that I've been with you so long that there has been this continual unfolding. So when you've seen me, you've seen the father. Now we could say in one sense if your eyes gazed upon him, you saw the Messiah. You saw the son of God. You saw him in flesh. But you wouldn't have known him. &gt;&gt; So when he says he's declared the father, then there's something unfolding in the life of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; That's why I believe the Bible is as long as it is. It's not just a little pocket book and it says in the beginning God created the world and the world was very sinful and it needed a sacrifice for sin and so God sent his son. He died on the cross and then God rose again and now you must receive him as your savior. Wouldn't that just be really succinct? And I think that's how some people live their Christianity. It's just the three-page Bible. But it's there's so much more to it because God just doesn't simply want to be God. He wants to be known. He wants to be understood. He wants to be apprehended. Wants to have fellowship and communion. And so he unfolded Jesus Christ unfolds the heart of God. &gt;&gt; To declare is to draw out in a narrative this unfolding. That's that's a storytelling that that's painting a picture in the sermon images of Christ. Brother Bram says for the word Christian means Christlike and to reflect him. He's using this example of a um uh one that when you take gold and you beat out all the dross and using an example how that one works with metals is you want to get it polished to the sense that you could see a reflection in it &gt;&gt; where it's not dull. It's not matte but it gets that place where it's pure. You know you've worked out all the impurities. And so to be Christlike is to be a Christian. It means to reflect him. Now that doesn't mean we have to grow a long beard. Thank God I can't do it as the artist pictures him having. And neither does it mean that we grow long hair. Thank God cuz it would look really weird with what I got going on here. And neither does it mean that we grow long hair as the artist pictures him having OR TO WEAR A ROBE AS HE WORE. For we're living IN ANOTHER DAY. NOW THINK OF HOW THAT THAT THAT uh elevates things. We have this long hair and we have a beard and we wear a robe. Well, we think that if we saw Jesus, THAT'S WHAT THAT'S WHAT WE EXPECT to see. So much so THAT WE THINK THAT IF WE COULD TIME TRAVEL, RIGHT, WE'RE GOING TO GO BACK IN TIME and we're just going to be able to walk into Jerusalem and there's Jesus in a robe drinking COFFEE LIKE AH THERE HE IS. THERE'S GOING TO BE THOUSANDS OF ROBES, &gt;&gt; THOUSANDS OF BEARDS, long hair, all the blue eyes, YOU CAN NAME IT. WHATEVER CHARACTERISTIC YOU THINK you're looking for, there's not going to be one single identifiable physical characteristic or length of robe or color of robe or all these different things. Say, there he is. I knew I would know who he was. It just wouldn't be sufficient. He says, "For we're living in another day." It was Jesus Christ was born 30 years ago. It it wouldn't be a matter, well, I know there's a Messiah amongst us, so let's just look for the robe. Let's look for the long hair. Those are the You might end up at Burger King. We're living in another day. We don't necessarily have to be that to reflect his physical image, but we must in our souls reflect his spirit image and his manner of life. &gt;&gt; So there must be an impression in the soul. WE MUST REFLECT HIS SPIRIT IMAGE IN OUR SOULS. And then there is a manner of life that we then live &gt;&gt; where we're holding his glory so that others can behold his glory. &gt;&gt; In Hebrews chapter 1:es 1 to4, we read this in our text. In the beginning, God at sunundry times and adverse manner spake in time past unto the fathers in the prophets. So he was in the prophets speaking his word. says, "By the prophets, hath in these last days spoken to us in his son, or by his son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds, who being the brightness of his glory, we beheld his glory, full of grace and truth, and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power, when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the majesty on high," it says, being made so much better than the angels, as heath by an inheritance obtained ained a more excellent name than they. Hebrews goes on to say, "And being made perfect, it pleased him to make the captain of our salvations perfect through suffering." There was a process even in the life of Jesus Christ where he was made &gt;&gt; born. This is why we see God's pattern. HE SENDS THE MESSIAH as a baby in a manger. Why? Because God is a God of process. In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth and then it unfolds over a period of time. Everything just doesn't step forth step forth instantly. &gt;&gt; God's a God of process. And how is it that you understand him and know his character? By the way he does things. If poof, there was just a house there. He said God is the creator of houses. Boom, they're just there. But when you see how someone works and the way they do things and the attention to detail and the way things are done on in the inside, kind of how the sausage is made, then you get to understand better what it is you're eating. you understand better the process THAT WENT INTO IT. SO HE was being made so much better. But it says he's not just the brightness of his glory, but it uses this phrase, the expressed image, excuse me, the express image of his person. &gt;&gt; Jesus Christ, this one born of a woman, born in a manger who lived to die. Jesus Christ was the express image of God's nature. person there. It means this nature, the real being, a substantial quality. &gt;&gt; So, it wasn't that Jesus now reveals what God's always looked like in heaven. &gt;&gt; And so, we can go by AI get an idea of what Moses wanted to see and what all the ANGELS SAW. NO, THAT'S NOT THAT'S NOT IT AT ALL. IT'S THIS invisible part of God that no one knows unless time unfolds. &gt;&gt; I emphasize this a lot and I believe it's important. Sometimes I think modern Christianity looks at the the fall in the garden as you know literally eating an apple and that somehow was just God tempting them to a really beautiful fruit and when they ate it kind of God was like oh no they ate THE FORBIDDEN FRUIT THAT WASN'T SUPPOSED TO HAPPEN WHAT AM I GOING TO DO AH I'LL HAVE A SON AND KILL HIM and that there was this that everything is a consequence of a bad decision that the man and woman made but God had Adam and woman been the perfect couple and never sinned they would have never known God. &gt;&gt; They would have known that, man, he's a a creator, but that's only part of God. &gt;&gt; There's so many attributes and characteristics OF GOD THAT COULD NOT be known unless man experienced certain things. &gt;&gt; And so when Satan worked out what was necessary in the garden, Eden for God to fulfill his plan for him to make known himself, there was you begin to see his nature, his quality, what he desired. And then Christ comes and he is the express image of God's real being, his significant substantial qualities. &gt;&gt; And this word express image, we use two words, express image, but it means in the Greek an instrument used for engraving or carving. So there is an instrument. If you're an express in uh express image, it could speak of the instrument that's used to mark. So an engraver's tool, the pen, a scalpel, a knife, something that would cut or carve. If we were to talk about painting, it would be the brush. So that could that's the express image, but then also it's the mark stamped upon uh that by that instrument or wrought out on it. So there's you can have this two sides to it. The very thing that's used for it or it's the mark that's stamped upon that instrument or brought out by the instrument. So it's a mark or figure impressed in or stamped on express image. So you look at it this way. God is an express im God is something. He has a substantial quality. &gt;&gt; He is a an image, an express image. So that's an express image. But then also he becomes the engraving tool in the mark that gets stamped into Jesus Christ. And the word actually speaks of a faximile &gt;&gt; because now you have something that's impressed in flesh and it becomes this divine &gt;&gt; in humanity &gt;&gt; and he's the express image. So Jesus Christ was the impression of God. &gt;&gt; HE'S HE'S NOT JUST an external figure &gt;&gt; or just an idea. something very fascinating when it comes to ideas and I'm reading a statement here by David Hume and and could we say brother David Hume I'm not sure but there's these thoughts in terms of well what an idea is in ideas you know that's one thing but he writes about how impressions are something else and and I as I was reading it um earlier this year there's someh maybe it just kind It was informative to me and fascinating to me. But he was talking about well you can have you can have an idea but an idea that's not bound to some sort of experience doesn't have anything to it. But if you ever if you if you have an idea that can be brought back to an actual experience then you can produce the impression of it. &gt;&gt; And that's what that's what makes impressions deeper. And so this is a statement that's used of the impressionist movement to what does it mean to be an impressionist artist or to what does impressionism mean? It says by the term impression I want you to really think of this. I mean all of our more lively perceptions not just an idea. Has anyone ever uh heard the phrase of well uh um they they like the idea of being in a relationship or they like the idea of being in love or they like the idea of being employed and there's certain things they like they like the idea of it but they don't really want to work. &gt;&gt; They like the idea of of of being in love but they don't like what love is. They like the idea of being in a relationship but they don't want all the effort that has to go into it. So there's a lot of things where you have this ideal or this idea and it's really just a placeholder or name, but then there's these lively perceptions where there's this well this is what it actually is. It's more than just a sound or a symbol or a feel. And he goes the more lively perceptions when we hear or see or feel or love or hate or desire or will. Think of all these different emotions of hearing, seeing, feeling, love, hate, desire or will. Some of these things we can actually bring right to God. How God uh hates sin. God loves this. He desires he has a will. This hearing, the seeing or feeling all these different human perceptions. He says impressions are distinguished from ideas which are the less lively perceptions of which we are conscious when we reflect the the distinguished from ideas when we reflect on any of those sensations hearing seeing feeling love hate desire will or movements that have been mentioned above. So there's something deeper when we reflect an impression is not just the idea of love but when you reflect upon love what does it do to you? It's not the idea of desire or will or hearing. When you hear something, you can have the idea of hearing. In other words, it's I can hear. It's one of my favorite uh maybe it's a dad joke. DO YOU HEAR WHAT I HEAR? NO, I hear what I hear. And there's a a level of just you CAN HEAR THE SOUND AND WE CAN ALL HEAR THE SAME SOUND. But what does that mean to you? &gt;&gt; As all have approached the portrait of the Bible, as all have approached the portrait OF JESUS CHRIST, PEOPLE SAY, "WELL, I've seen it. I've heard it. Been there, done that." But the question isn't so much what do you see or what you hear, but what is what is aroused by that? WHAT'S THE MORE LIVELY PERCEPTION? HOW HAVE YOU BEEN impressed &gt;&gt; by what you heard? &gt;&gt; This is where sometimes people miss it. God is impressing them and impressing them. The word is impressing them. The spirit is impressing them. And they just get this idea, this general idea of God and love and Christ and the spirit, but they lose sight of what it was really impressing. And the devil can come around and paint a different picture. And because you haven't been sensitive to the impression that was made, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; He can he can create a different image and interpretation in your mind when you be what what am I feeling in this moment? Not somebody's interpretation of what I've heard and what I've seen, but how has it impressed me? &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Been thinking a lot about the concept of the idea of he who is without sin, let him cast the first stone. A and really a lot of people try to climb upon a platform of tearing uh other people down on the basis of their flaws and their mistakes and sins that they think are so readily apparent. But I believe the scripture stands to reason still. Let he who is without sin step upon that platform to tear somebody else down based upon their sins or their failures or their mistakes. Let every man's word be a lie. Let God's word be the truth. &gt;&gt; Let us stand upon the proposition that God's Bible is the absolute truth. Let us believe that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And don't take my word for it. You look to God to reveal it to you. LET HIM IMPRESS that upon you. &gt;&gt; Because if you take my word FOR IT AND SOMEBODY'S able to convince you of something I did in my past or something I did THAT WAS DISHONEST, THEN YOU MIGHT AS WELL JUST NOT believe what I said. And what does that leave you with? More ideas. But to the impression there has to be there's got to be it's got to be to a point to where it's not just the idea of Christ. It's not just the idea of the word. It's not just the idea of being a Christian, but there's been an impression in the soul to create the manner of life. The word the express image in the Greek is character. That's the actual Greek word from caraso. It's character. Who was the character of God? Not a character. Some of us think when God said you needed more character, you thought he meant Disney and that's why you've gotten the result that you've got. But he says character, which comes from the Greek word teraso, which means to sharpen to a point. &gt;&gt; So this is the idea. But when you think of a character, what do you think in the written character is used by a writing instrument or a tool? It's engraved that produces a character. It's a distinctive mark who's the expressed image. He's this mark. So the word caraso comes back to the idea of carving or engraving. He was the impression. God carved out his identity in it. He shaped it. He brought it out actually from the idea of scratching is what it means and actually is akin to what we'd use for grapho or writing in the Greek. He was the character of God. In Ephesians 4 11-16 it says and he gave some apostles and some prophets and some evangelists and some pastors and teachers. Now this becomes the impressions of Christ. If Christ God impressed himself in Christ. If God had formed himself as the word was made flesh and you see the character of God in Christ. Now there's impressions of Christ. Christ gave these gifts to men, apostles, prophets, evangelists, pastors, and teachers. For what purpose? The perfecting of the saints. as Jesus Christ was made perfect through suffering and being made so much better. This is for the perfecting of the saints, for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ. That's the building up, the strengthening till we all come into the unity of the faith and the knowledge of the son of God unto &gt;&gt; a perfect man. &gt;&gt; This is that all of us individually are we're TO GROW INTO THE stature of a perfect unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; This portrait of humanity and divinity that we henceforth be no more children. So this is a growing up, a maturing, a stabilizing, tossed to and fro and carried about with every wind of doctrine by the slight of men and cunning craftness whereby they lie and wait to deceive. But the word is to be spoken in love. But speaking the truth in love, you as the word these gifts preach the word and they speak the truth in love, you may grow up &gt;&gt; into him in all things. Amen. &gt;&gt; Which is the head, even Christ. We're to grow up into him. &gt;&gt; He is the stature of a perfect man. He is your measure. &gt;&gt; He is your image. This is what we look to when we say, "Wow, I want to be like Jesus." Long robe, long hair, long beard, drink coffee. I want to be like Jesus. No, it's this measure, this stature, this character, these attributes, this life of Christ. So Christ is the head for whom the whole body is fitly joined together. So now we are joined together compacted that which every joint supplieth. Everyone working their part together. Says according to the effectual working in the measure of every part maketh increase of the body under the edifying of itself in love. So we all have a part to play in the growing and the building of this body. If I could say it this way, you're born by the new birth into a creative process to where you are to become the expressed image of Christ. &gt;&gt; The impression. &gt;&gt; The new birth is a stamp on the soul that now is to write and impress in your life Christ. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So that others could see the mark. Right. Right. &gt;&gt; And you'll go unto your own and the own your your own may not receive you but as many as receive him. &gt;&gt; There's a there's a witness. There's a testimony as that song says marked marked marked. I'm marked wherever I go. &gt;&gt; WHETHER YOU RECEIVE WHETHER PEOPLE CAN SAY OH THERE'S A MARK OF A REAL CHRISTIAN. THERE'S A GENUINE SEED OF GOD. THEY MAY NOT ALL KNOW THAT BUT YET THERE STILL IS THE IMPRESSION OF CHRIST IN YOU. AMEN. &gt;&gt; Says the working the measure of every part makes increase to what? Into perfection. There's this working out. And it says this in verses six and seven because it says under the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ as these as the spirit of God is working in the measure of every part. So these all these measures says there's one God and father of all who is above all and through all and in you all. So it's Christ in you, the hope of glory, &gt;&gt; the promise of glory. He says, "But unto every one of us is given grace." SO IT'S GOD IN ALL OF US, BUT EVERY SINGLE ONE of us are given a grace according to the measure of the gift of Christ. &gt;&gt; This I think it's good to connect this measure with the other measures that are mentioned in this chapter. The measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ, the measure of every part. So therefore, we are given grace in order that we might, we've received a grace from Christ according to the divine artist will purpose that God wants you to come into his image. God wants you to be formed into his likeness. AND SO HE HAS GIVEN OF US GIVEN US A grace according to the measure &gt;&gt; of the gift. AND ALL HIS GIFTS ARE PERFECT. &gt;&gt; AMEN. the gift of Christ. AND WHAT IS THIS MEASURE OF THE G? HE'S GIVEN US a grace, the measure of the gift of Christ. He's given some these gifts for perfecting THAT WE COULD GROW INTO THE STATURE OF THE FULLNESS OF CHRIST. WE COULD GROW UP INTO THE HEAD, THIS perfect man. &gt;&gt; This is what this measure of the CHRIST IS FOR. THAT WE can grow into. WE CAN BE IMPRESSED BY THE word so that we can be impressions of Christ. Amen. &gt;&gt; It's a measure of Christ to be impressions of Christ. This expression of humanity and divinity, the sacred, the divine, deity in flesh, the sacred and the profane. You may be thinking, you've been saying this for 79 services. And that means you've done the math. In the sermon identification, brother Bradam says, "We've got to take the entire full gospel." He says, Seeing that we've identified ourselves as full gospel people. I love this. If you you believe the Bible, you full gospel, you believe the word of God, let our let's mold our character. So now he's saying not moldy character, &gt;&gt; but not there's there something. Let it let it be shaped. We're invited to be molded in his image. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; That we might reflect his presence. &gt;&gt; We're invited to be impressed &gt;&gt; so that we can be that distinctive mark. And remember this is more than the idea. We are we are to be impressed. So it's more than just the surface. It's scratched in. It's not a temporary tattoo. It's not an identity you just changed. It's marked in there. &gt;&gt; So therefore the works that he did we can do also. &gt;&gt; The life that he lives we shall live. &gt;&gt; So he says we're invited BY GOD TO TAKE HIM AS AN EXAMPLE. So Christ IS OUR EXAMPLE. EXAMPLE WHAT? GOD LIKENESS. &gt;&gt; YES. So the mystery of god likeness and let our character be molded like his. WE'VE GOT TO ALLOW OUR CHARACTER TO be molded &gt;&gt; shaped only the word can do that. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; But this is this distinctive quality that he's given you. We know that perfect character comes by say it with me &gt;&gt; suffering. &gt;&gt; But we SUFFER ACCORDING TO THE WILL OF GOD. And it has to our suffering came up. Well, IF PERFECTION IS MADE BY SUFFERING, then why don't we all just become cutters? Why don't we all just, you know, run marathons in August in Phoenix? [snorts] You know, why don't we just find way? LET'S GO GO HUG A a choya. Let's go lay on a barrel CACTUS AND COME AWAY. I GOT CHARACTER. THOSE AREN'T THE marks we're looking for. There has to be a suffering as as a as as a different mode of operation. And listen, you have been given a quality that can turn, you've been placed in a particular position to where you can turn external suffering into internal glory, &gt;&gt; EXTERNAL PRESSURE, CRITICISM, DIFFICULTIES, HARDNESS, and it produces a diamond. Amen. &gt;&gt; In order to form a diamond out of coal, of course, science is getting way ahead of it to where fake diamonds are going to be more valuable than the real ones. But there IS A THE GENUINE PROCESS THAT REQUIRES CERTAIN DEPTH, CERTAIN PRESSURE, CERTAIN HEAT, CERTAIN ELEMENTS IN ORDER FOR THAT DIAMOND TO BE FORMED. AND SO IN IN TYPE, WE BEING BAPTIZED INTO THE BODY OF CHRIST BY THE NEW BIRTH. WE THEREFORE are placed in a area where the pressures can bring OUT THE REAL PROMISE OF THAT PLACING, THE REAL GLORY OF THAT PLACING WHERE EVERYTHING YOU GO THROUGH, YOU ARE HAVE A QUALITY TO turn your obedience into glory. &gt;&gt; We must let his character be in us by having the mind of Christ which is his character. Your mind makes your character. So when we say let this mind be in you, it molds the character of a son of God. &gt;&gt; The mind is molding it. I've got it. I've got it. Well, then let it mold your character. He says in identification later the next year in 64, you're invited to come and take his character. Not just the be beneficiaries of his blood and salvation. This is what makes the way for. But his shedding of his blood, the receiving of the Holy Spirit, it's an invitation to come and take his character. By having his character in you, it molds you into the same mind that he was. So now notice the engraving instrument. The impression is the character that becomes an instrument. It becomes a tool &gt;&gt; to mold our minds. His mind was always to do the father's will, what the father had ordained him to do. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; As the father impressed himself in Christ and he did what that impression it told him to do, we then with the holy spirit there should be this engraver in our hearts. this tool that is marking us out. In Galatians chapter 4 19, Paul said, "My little children of whom I travail in birth again until Christ be formed in you." &gt;&gt; The words that he's speaking to the Galatians, he's troubled. He's he he sees that they've run well and they've started out and that they've done the right things, but he's saying, "Don't you know that you've been given this this operation of the Holy Spirit to bring us into maturity that we do not behave as servants until Christ be formed in you till you become the visible image of Jesus Christ." That's what the it is Christ be formed in you. It it's not this hidden Christ where he's gonna have he has some sort of looking glass into your soul and come here let me look into your ear and he's like yep I see him. No it's this Christ be formed in you. It it speaks of this in this visible reflection this image of Christ impression Christ was the express image of God's person his substantial quality his character that's what express is his character and this impression this marking out this is how he can say in 2 Corinthians 3:3 for as much as you are manifestly declared to be the epistle of Christ written with the spirit of living God in fleshly tables of the What are you? You are the the the impression of Christ, the character of Christ written by the spirit of living God in fleshly tables of the heart. This is what this verse is expressing. It's written not in a table of stone that can be broken, but yet it's this idea of engraving, marking as characters WOULD BE ETCHED OUT OF STONE. The spirit of God is etching into your heart the character of Christ, the mind OF CHRIST. I I DON'T WANT GOD TO STOP WRITING. I DON'T WANT THE spirit to stop etching. I DON'T WANT HIM TO STOP CARVING OUT IN MY HEART. DO THE WORK IN MY HEART. DO A HEART WORK. &gt;&gt; I WANT MY HEART TO BE CHANGED. I WANT MY HEART TO BE MOLDED. I WANT MY THOUGHTS TO CHANGE. I WANT TO BRING EVERY THOUGHT CAPTIVE TO THE OBEDIENCE OF JESUS CHRIST. THIS IS THIS IS THE WORK OF GOD &gt;&gt; THAT CHRIST WOULD CONTINUE TO HAVE PREEMINENCE. this impression &gt;&gt; depress and depress and depress and as the more he presses in my heart the more he gets stamped in my heart the more that I become an impression of Christ &gt;&gt; revelations 2:12 just a few verses to end on here says and the to the angel of the church impergamus write these things saith he which hath the sharp sword with two edges A sharp sword is defined as something that's used for cutting or carving. It's a blade. It's a sword. You take a sword and you're going to cleave. You're going to cut. Hebrews 4:12 says, "The word of God is sharper than any two-edged sword. It's powerful. &gt;&gt; It pierces and in doing so, it divides a can divide between soul and spirit and body &gt;&gt; and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. Amen. &gt;&gt; What's that? What's the word doing? &gt;&gt; Carving. &gt;&gt; The word of God is an impressor. &gt;&gt; It's that instrument. &gt;&gt; It's it's it's an impression itself. It the word of God has a an image, but then it goes in and it begins to burn into the flesh its own image. Begins to cut away anything that doesn't fit that image. &gt;&gt; Revelations 1:16. and he had in his right hand seven stars. And out of his mouth, we know those are the messengers. And out of his mouth went a sharp two-edged sword. &gt;&gt; That's what the word of God is. &gt;&gt; The word of God is quick and powerful. &gt;&gt; It is likened unto a two-edged sword. that not only not only does it cut on this side, it's going to cut away &gt;&gt; and it's going to take away something that doesn't belong, but there's this other side to where it's shaping and preserving what is &gt;&gt; that image that God wants in you. &gt;&gt; We're not living in a day of the great revivals. Unfortunately, we're not living in a time, I guess, if you were an evangelist, you'd love to live in the days gone by where you could have tent revival meetings every night and altars would be packed and thousands of people are being saved. But we're not living in that time. It's a gleaning time. &gt;&gt; It it's a maturing time. It's a ripening time. And we're living in the time where end time evangelis evangelism is not the finding of stones and gathering stones into a rocky yard. But now it takes the cutter where the sharp two-edged sword of the word of God is shaping the stones to fit in the body of Christ. &gt;&gt; Every measure fit together because it takes every part shaped to fit into the stature of a perfect man. I believe that in you, God is molding the image of Jesus Christ. But together, collectively, we're creating this beautiful body of Jesus Christ, which is the stature of a perfect man, which is the perfect portrait of humanity and divinity. But it TAKES THAT SHARP TWO-EDGED SWORD TO CUT and to shave to impress in you. &gt;&gt; This word HAS GOT TO IMPRESS US. &gt;&gt; WE DON'T COME TO CHURCH BUT THAT WAS A GOOD IDEA. &gt;&gt; COME ON, BROTHER. &gt;&gt; But the word must impress. &gt;&gt; I don't ever want to wield a sword where I'm just trying to cut you up and hack you up. Some people say, "Well, my job is to afflict the comforted and comfort the afflicted." I don't take any such creeds. JUST PREACH THE word &gt;&gt; because it's the word that's going to cut away the things that don't belong. It's the word that's going to preserve and lift up and strengthen those things that we do need. If &gt;&gt; our musicians could come to their instruments in the church age book, chapter 5, page 169, brother Brandham writes this, and he's referring to these very scriptures here in Revelations 2. He says, "He knew that the way man originally got away from God was by first leaving the word. Thou hast left thy first love." It's this falling away there in Revelations 2. If you leave that word, you left God. &gt;&gt; Thus, he's presenting himself to the church at Pergamus. Who is he presenting? Himself. The these things saith he which hath a sharp two-edged sword. He's presenting himself, the word. And indeed, to all church ages, I am the word. This is what the Bible's telling us. If you want deity in your midst, then welcome and receive the word. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, we could think, I want the spirit of God to move in this church service. I want there to be power and demonstration. And so, I we could take this in a way, well, if you want deity in your midst, then welcome and receive the word. And we can make that this idea of what we're trying to do in church services. this deity in our midst. Oh, how how good would it I mean, let's just admit it would be good if we welcomed and received the word in a church service and deity was in our midst. But how would you feel that if you knew as soon as you hit two sets of double doors that he stayed right here and you just [music] you had to pine for the next service? Like, man, Brother Aaron's cancelling church on the night when we need it the most, and I can't wait till Sunday, you know, when we can welcome and receive the word. The welcoming and receiving the word isn't for church dynamics, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; It's for individual dynamics. &gt;&gt; The dynamics to the mechanics is it's Christ the word in the individual's life. If you want deity in your midst, welcome and receive the word. &gt;&gt; You want want more Christ, welcome and receive the word. You want to be more like like Christ, let it welcome and receive it. Do not let anyone or anything get between you and the word. This is Christ speaking through the word. Is he summarizing it? That which I'm giving you, the word is a revelation of myself. The word is a REVELATION OF HIMSELF. I AM THE WORD. Remember that these things saith me WHO HAS A SHARP TWO-EDGED SWORD. I AM THE WORD. Don't let anything GET BETWEEN YOU AND THE WORD. IT'S GOING TO CHANGE THE THE IMPRESSION. &gt;&gt; It's going to change THE WAY IT HITS YOU. &gt;&gt; And then, Brother Brandon makes this observation and I'm ending I'm ending the this this year's series of sermons on this. I wonder if we are sufficiently impressed with the word in our midst. &gt;&gt; I wonder if we are sufficiently impressed with the word in our midst. Now, WE MIGHT LOOK AT THAT AND THINK, "OH, that means h impressive." That like, "Yeah, that's I like that. That impressive." And we could think of all sorts of memes that we could share in response to, "Wow, what an impressive word, RIGHT?" LIKE, I'M BUT THAT'S not what he's meaning. &gt;&gt; Are you impressed? [music] &gt;&gt; Do you feel the pressure of it? Right? &gt;&gt; Is is is the word touching you? &gt;&gt; Is it getting deep? Is it more than just an idea? But are we sufficiently impressed? That that that means that it's to create or to produce a desired result. &gt;&gt; So is that enough? It's sufficient. It means it it meets the standard of what it whatever it needs to produce. I I my challenge then is this. If we are to be godly enough to be separate, but human enough to be relatable, the only way we're going to be able to produce that perfect blend of humanity and divinity is if the word which was made flesh could imprint our imprint our lives. And so we have to we have to feed on the word of God to let that impression work into our lives so that I can become this impression and I don't HAVE TO WORRY SO MUCH ABOUT becoming alien in making MYSELF DIFFERENT OR DOING WEIRD THINGS. Just let the Holy Spirit work in your life. &gt;&gt; People be saying things about that nurse that's singing in that in the room and and praying over people who are unconscious. THERE'S GOING TO BE A LOT OF THINGS SAID ABOUT YOU BY THE WAY THE WORD IMPRESSES you and your life begins to change and your standard of holiness and the things you ABSTAIN FROM. JUST THE WORD DOING THAT IN YOUR LIFE IS GOING TO CREATE more of the charact. People have plenty of weird things to say about you. We don't HAVE TO BECOME CLANISH OR cultish &gt;&gt; or dogmatic about things to produce this visible idea that becomes a very stubborn thing in people's minds. But we should just desire for the impression of Christ. I want to be impressed as I look into this word of God. I want it to impress me. I don't want to come away with an idea of Christianity. I want the likeness of Christ to be impressed in me. We must be my prayer for this new year is I want to continue to be sufficiently impressed with the word that is [music] present, &gt;&gt; the living word that is with us. &gt;&gt; Let's stand. I I brother Philip had this song on his list and I thought it was a beautiful song to sing. It's a song uh La Fontaine sang and I believe brother Paul wrote it. Brother Paul La Fontaine, you're familiar with him. He's just been a dear friend uh to us, very supportive of our church. Just that [music] draws from that scene in the day of Christ's birth. Just a simple stable, nothing ornate. [music] And and clearly this is not a place where royalty is born. uh and he takes and says, "Well, if God would allow the King of Kings, the son of God, the King of glory to [snorts] be born in such a such a simple stable, [music] then truly he can choose me." And so we could say, "Well, outwardly we're nothing. We're not much to behold. It's not really a place for his word to unfold." But yet he [music] comes as an instrument, an engraving instrument to write the word in our hearts to impress us that you can become his masterpiece. We just have to yield our vessels to him to allow ourselves to be impressed with his word. Let us pray today that his word would be born, be impressed in our hearts so that it can live through us. Our gracious heavenly father, as we close this year out and we begin to look forward to a new year, there is a concept in human behavior and behavioral economics of a doorway effect where the very act of walking through a door allows our thoughts to reset. And that's why sometimes we can forget what we were looking for, what we wanted to say just by passing through a door. So Lord, [music] by allegory, we're closing the door on 2025 or passing through a doorway into 2026. And we close a door and turn a new page. A lot of different ways that we describe it. And Lord, we do like the fact that we can start fresh. We can renew vows and make resolutions. And today, Lord, we resolve no light thing, no small thing. But Lord, we want we want to be impressed sufficiently by your word. And Lord, we can look back on this year and say there's been positive changes. And yes, Lord, there's been loss and there's been hurt. There's been backslidings and wewardness and decisions made, Lord, that have been difficult to make. Some admirable, others discouraging, Lord. Just a number of different ways we could begin to view this year. But we believe that you're in control, Lord. And Lord, we believe that you had a plan in all of it. &gt;&gt; And so Lord, you've been trying to stamp something out. You've been trying to carve something in our lives. And we just continue to yield to your instrument that we might be instruments. Lord, may we be impressions of Christ so that we can stamp make a mark in other people's lives. &gt;&gt; Not with our own personality, not with our own taste and our own ideas, but Lord, with by your heart and your mind. May we be these impressions. May our lives have these broad bold brush strokes of grace and truth. May we take upon ourselves this mind of Christ and live your manner of life, Lord. coming into this new year, Lord, may we as a church, have a collective vision. May we become more keenly aware of what it is you would want us to do as church members and as a body. And Lord, I realize it forms much, you know, a large part to some families, a smaller part to others, and we all have different levels of service and support and attendance, but Father, may we be able to find that balance and rhythm here as a church to be all that we ought to be, the community that uh we should be providing those fellowships and opportunities and outlets. Lord, we want we don't want to fall short in any way as a church and as members of a church and those the duty we have through this office and these callings we have here. And Lord, more importantly, may we take great thought to these things of love and desire and will, what our duties are and what your will for us in this coming year would be. And [music] to think more than just an idea, but be impressed. have these more lively discernments and perceptions, these revelations. Make it alive to us by revelation so that their lives could be changed from glory to glory, day by day, word by word, line upon line, as the sword of the word continues to mark out Christ in us. We commit all things to you now in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
