################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-17 - The Prelude - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-09-17
Title:   The Prelude
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f1rh-E7KQMM
========================================

Description:
The Prelude
Wednesday Service: September 17, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Matthew 13 24 another parable put he forth unto them saying the kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which sowed good seed in his field. But while men slept his enemy came and swed tears among the wheat and went his way. But when the blade was sprung up and brought forth fruit, then appeared the tears also. So the servants of the householder came and said unto him, "Sir, did not thou sow good seed in thy field? For whence then hath it tears?" He said unto them, "An enemy hath done this." The servant said unto him, "Wilt thou then that we go and gather them up?" But he said, "Nay, lest while you gather up the tears, ye root up also the wheat with them. Let them both grow up together until the harvest. And in the time of the harvest, I'll say to the reapers, gather ye together first the tears, and bind them in bundles to burn them, but gather the wheat into my barn." Amen. We trust God could bless this to us this evening. You can be seated. I'm going to give the title to my sermon, the prelude. And that's u a short title, a lot of meaning behind it, but it's the prelude. And I'm trying to combine certain elements tonight. Trust that you'll be able to grab a hold of this. Like to give a definition at the outset of kind of what I'm looking at on the prelude. you probably have an idea of what it would mean in different contexts, but in a musical sense, it's that piece or movement uh that introduces a section or composition of a piece of music or a musical composition. And in this introductionally introductional element, it is used in different ways, but one of the things that it does is it establishes the key. It's going to signify and establish the key. If we use something just in the term of a prelude, it's something that's preliminary to an action, something before an event or preliminary to a particular work. And so it's something an action or event that precedes something else. So that prelude, it's that prior before and lude to play is even what it would be in the Latin. So this the prelude is what I'm looking at something that happens before something else, an action or event. and how in the musical context there's a lot of different preludes that are used and in being used they they establish certain meanings and certain feelings. In Matthew chapter 13 as we've read this in verse 24 Jesus is going to give them another parable. He's used the parable as we'll identify in a second on the same uh the same principle but he says here that the kingdom of heaven is likened unto a man which sowed good seed in his field. I want to use this sewing of seed as a prelude to growth that in this particular situation uh we can fast forward and see that there's things that come up in the end but he begins with the prelude that one goes out sewing seed. In verse three of the same chapter he says behold a swer went forth to sew. So he's given this parable of a swer who goes forth to sew and he says in verse 18 when he interprets it ye therefore the parable of the swer. So you have us the swer that goes f first with seed and so we say it's this prelude the prelude of the swer and when he comes to verse 31 he's going to give another parable and he says the kingdom of heaven is like a grain of mustard seed which a man took and swed in his field. These are, you know, agricultural references and using these types of one wanting to have a crop and wanting to have grain, uh, here in this case, a tree and different ways that they can harvest and utilize and use all these different things. And he's using this concept in the natural of one that goes first and sews seed. There's going to be other things that happen and there's evidence of growth and there's a final product and then there's a harvesting. But we could see in a number of different places there's this consistent biblical principle and that Jesus draws this type on or it's this biblical principle of an action preceding another action or an event that comes before a result and you could say that this action or result that comes later is contingent upon or it comes after the prelude because the prelude gave forecasting or caused that to happen. I I this is not going to be deep at all. So if you're kind of looking at this saying, I'm going to wait to amen to once it gets deep, you're just going to miss your chance to amen because it's not deep at all. I apologize to the deep seekers tonight. In Matthew chapter 13 36-41, Jesus again giving another parable or giving this he's going to give the translation or the interpretation rather at the disciples request. Then Jesus sent the multitude away and went into the house. And his disciples came unto him, saying, "Declare unto us the parable of the tears of the field." And this is not a question to repeat the parable, but explain it to us. We want to understand. And Jesus answers in verse 37. He says, "He that sweth the good seed is the son of man." So, we've already read the parable of the wheat and the tears, or as they say here, the parable of the wheat, the tears of the field, that the son of man is the one that sowed the good seed that brought up good things. But he said, "The field is the world. The good seed are the children of the kingdom. The tears are the children of the wicked one. The enemy that sowed them is the devil. The harvest is the end of the world, and the reapers are the angels." This is some pretty heavy stuff. If you were the disciples, you say, "Wow, there's some clear events that are being set forth in symbol symbolically that are going that have given us this indication that there's a seed that is sown by the son of man that's going to produce children of God. But then there are tears of the enemy that are going to produce those that are subject to judgment or he says children of the wicked one. And that there's going to be a harvest in the end through these angels. And therefore, the tears are gathered and burned in the fire. So shall it be in the end of this world. The Son of man shall send forth his angels, and they shall gather out of his kingdom all things that offend, and them which do iniquity, and shall cast them into a furnace of fire. There shall be wailing and nashing of teeth. So there is this prelude of a swer going forth to sew good seed. And after he has swn his seed, it's always the enemy's tactic to come afterwards. God sends truth first. The devil comes along and perverts it. And so the son of man has swed good seed into the field that's going to produce a good crop. But then there is this enemy that comes afterwards. So he's not the prelude. If anything, he's a prelude to wickedness. But he's not the focal point. He's the one that gets into confuse and cause confusion and sew discord and tears that are going to try to choke out the wheat and cause uh all sorts of competition for nutrients. And Jesus says, "Just let them alone. In the end, I'm going to send my angels." So now there's this prelude for the gathering together that binds tears and then gathers the wheat and there's going to be a a rapture of the wheat. There's going to be a burning of the tears and they're going to be cast into the fiery this furnace of fire. And so then you see this prelude to burning and judgment. &gt;&gt; And this I'm wanting to use this image of the swer as a critical prelude. It's something that comes before. I'm calling it the prelude, and we could use that in certain context, but it's something that's important and significant. The prelude establishes the key. It's used as a a device to establish to set the tone and it forms an introduction to that musical work. It forms an introduction to the masterpiece. It'll it can be an introduction to a composition of a symphony. And what uh it's what comes before right maybe I should say it this way what comes before in the prelude gives some indication of what's to come. &gt;&gt; When the ser went forth to sew seed you you should expect a plant &gt;&gt; a crop a garden something to grow from the ground. They don't go forth sewing seed and you begin to look up for hot air balloons that there's some uh reverse effect where these things happen in another atmosphere. But the sewing of the seed indicates that there's going to be something to grow. So it forecast just even as you would broadcast seed, it forecasts that there's going to be a crop to come. So there's a foreshadowing in in the sewing of seed. And in a musical sense, if it it suggests the tone or even the theme in a literary sense, there's some priming in the prelude. Uh there there's something that gets the audience ready, the reader ready. There's uh there's even with uh musical compositions, there's these harmonic hints that are being given where you can get an idea. Oh, this is what this piece is going to sound like. Specifically, as I've been reading on this that it's it kind of sets the mood, establishes this emotional resonance. It it it it uh introduces the thematic DNA of a musical piece. It signals the tone. There's a lot that happens just in this this prelude. It's not just used to warm up. It's not just used in in a and kind of a a sense of jazz and just to be a bunch of noise, but there's this symbolic layering that's strategically powerful and it reveal it. It happens with respect to visual arts and the uh musical and even the narrative context. It's this when you think of that this symbolic layering and has power. It's significant. It's strategically powerful. It introduces a a kind of this emotional element or pallet to the musical piece. Shopen and Bach and their musical pieces, they have a lot of preludes. They're not warm-ups, but they establish these tonal centers. They they build this emotional tension. It's critical to the piece. Uh that's enough music class. But with that in mind, I want just to establish maybe something you can be familiar with as to how this prelude's important. I'm using this slide up here that says the key. We preached on the key. And so that was critical. Christ is the key. Takes the hand of faith to grab a hold of that key. And so there's this prelude. Think of this. This prelude to that establishes the key. The prelude to the masterpiece. The prelude to the actual work. In Galatians 6:7, it says, "Be not deceived. God is not mocked. For whatsoever a man seweth, that shall he also reap." Believe the reason why he says God is not mocked is because there's this immutable law of the harvest. Genesis chapter 1 teaches us that there is this law that you reap what you sow. God having sowed seed in the beginning and brought forth everything we know in light and life and creation and substance. That is a law that God has established. He says you can't mock God and think that what you sow you will not reap. &gt;&gt; So it is an immutable or unchangeable law of the harvest. And the sewing here is the it's a plant seeds. The idea of the the word just even speaks of that soil being pierced and a seed planted within and the seed being planted has a germ of life or that which is sown is that seed. It has a germ of life and there's a nature and a life within that seed and and and it's going to live and it's that process of growth that expresses what's been sown. So you have a seed it just was like a grain or a kernel and if you know the nature of that there's some meaning it establishes some sense of expectation or foreshadowing. I'm sewing wheat seed into the ground. Then in the the prelude of sewing seed, it builds this anticipation and expectation of a certain type of plant that ought to be growing. That's why when the the labor said, "Wow, I thought you sowed good seed and wheat, but now I'm looking out here and I'm seeing something different." Why? Because that his the prelude of the sewer established a certain expectation. this this pallet this this foreshadowing this this uh symbolic layering in 2 Corinthians chapter 9:6 it says but this I say he which sweth sparingly shall reap also sparingly and he which seweth bountifully shall reap also bountifully believe this connects back to the law that cannot be mocked God is not mocked whatever you sow you reap but now we see that what is sown it matters but also how much is sown &gt;&gt; that there is some measure of how you labor labor in sewing can give you some indication of how much you ought to be able to reap. &gt;&gt; If you just plant a few seeds, you wouldn't expect more than just a few plants. &gt;&gt; And so there's even the strategy in sewing. And I'm not going to pretend to be a green thumb even though I have some plants in my office. But there are uh there's idea that you're sewing seed even with the understanding that not all the seeds will yield. &gt;&gt; And so say I just want I just want to have a really good cucumber sandwich. So, I'm just going to put one seed in the ground and hope that I get it. Well, you're just risking the chance of not getting cucumbers. But you can be pretty sure that you're only going to get one plant if you plant one seed. &gt;&gt; And somebody's going to produce a Wikipedia article that shows that cucumbers actually produce 10 plants per se. But you get the point. That's where you miss the point. I'm not saying thus sayeth the Lord, cucumbers seeds only produce one cucumber plant. I'm just saying hey you know just work with me in this example of sewing how to the extent that you sew if the labor in sewing is going to determine and give you some expectation as to what you harvest. Notice I'm speaking personally to you in 1 Corinthians 3 5-6 who then is Paul and who is Apollos but ministers by whom you believed even as the Lord gave to every man. last couple services and the subjects we were ministering on and it Rebecca's resolve and even the sermon prior to that last Wednesday on how that God uses this leading and there's this idea of following the leader that there's going to be one that composes something then there's going to be a conductor that works closely with the performers according to that composition we see Ezer is being one that's fulfilling uh who's fulfilling Abraham's will and we use this example of how people can be very carnal about the man and say, "Oh, well, I am of Paul and I'm of Apollos." But then Paul says, "These men are sent by God for you to believe." &gt;&gt; He says, "I have planted Apollos watered, but God gave the increase." So then neither is he that planteth anything, neither he that waterth, but God that God giveth the increase. &gt;&gt; Now he that planteth and he that waterth are one, and every man shall receive his own reward according to his own labor. So there's the principle once again in the Bible that where there has been a sewing, God will reward you according to your labor &gt;&gt; that one has planted in the church as Paul says, I planted, Apollos watered, but then it's still God in all to cause the increase. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Such that he that planteth and he that water, though they be individuals, they're part of one labor and one work, but then each man is going to receive of his own labor. It speaks again to this principle of God using one beforehand, sending sending the uh Paul and Apollos, one to plant, one to water in order for there to be a harvest. So God uses the prelude as we alluded to a moment ago in Genesis 4 24:7 when Eleazar was concerned. Well, what if the woman doesn't follow me? Abraham says, "Well, God, the same God that called me and has led me here, he shall send his angel before thee." So when Eleazar is telling the story later, he says about his master, he says, "He said to me, the Lord before whom I walk will send his angel with thee and prosper thy way." This is just not a passenger. This is an active participant in the performance wherein he's going to send his angel. And the angel's job is to bless and to prosper his way. and thou shalt take a wife for this my son of my kindred and of my father's house. It's going to be blessed. It's going to be successful. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; This pattern continues in many different ways. Want to use some of the obvious ones. In Exodus chapter 3, when it came time for the seed that was sold journeying in a strange land, remember Rebecca's resolve to follow Eleazar to meet Isaac? It it foreshadowed the faith that her own people would have one day, being in a strange land, having to follow a man out of Egypt back to a land they'd never seen before. &gt;&gt; And so her resolve to follow and feel led of the Lord through that vessel and through that man is going to take shape now after these these years according to prophecy. And this time is filled up and it's time for their deliverance. And God says in verse 8, "And I am come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians, and to bring them up out of the land unto a good land and a large, unto a land flowing with milk and honey, unto the place of the Canaanites and the Hittites and the Amorites and the Perizzites and the Hivites and the Jebusites." So this is God saying, "Now's the moment. Now's the time. I am come down." And if we could put it this way, God says, "I have come to deliver them out." And his purpose is in God's words. I will take them out and bring them in. So that's God's promise. &gt;&gt; He'll take them out and bring them in. &gt;&gt; If you want to read in your Bible, you'll find that God when he speaks to Moses, he tells them this in verse 10. Come now, therefore, and I will send thee into Pharaoh that thou mayest bring forth my people, the children of Israel, out of Egypt. &gt;&gt; So God had come down to bring them out and in two. But Moses is only going to fulfill a part of that. This is what God wants to do. But yet Moses is only going to be the one. He's going to be the one that God uses. He is the prelude of the Exodus. A prophet is the prelude. Yes, God came down to deliver them. But Moses is going to be that initial act to signal this is the moment. This is the time. &gt;&gt; So the prelude of the Exodus is a prophet Moses being led of the spirit &gt;&gt; to bring them out. In Exodus 23:20, it said this way, "Behold, I send an angel before thee to keep thee in the way and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared." It's this very specific uh function of an angel, the leading of the spirit, the leading of the Lord. And then there's this one who is following that leading and he becomes the prelude. They knew that it was the time of their deliverance when God sent the prelude. And based upon what he was signifying, he was saying, he was letting them know this is the time of the Exodus. This is the time of the deliverance. Deuteronomy 1:es 29-33. God, it's spoken this way. Then I said unto you, dread not neither be afraid of them. The Lord your God will goeth before you. He shall fight for you. &gt;&gt; So notice the prelude. God going before &gt;&gt; something that he's doing in preparation. if you wanted to drill down and get into more details just to use them as types that that the ground has to be prepared and there's certain things are made ready and there's this whole cycles and seasons where one is leading into the next. But he says, "I'm going to go before you and fight for you according to all he did for you in Egypt before your eyes and in the wilderness where thou hast seen how the Lord thy God bear thee as a man doth bear his son in all the way that you went until you came into this place. Yet in this thing you did not believe the Lord your God." Now, that's this rebuke for them not believing all that he had done in following his prophet who went in the way before you to search you out of place to pit your tits in in fire by night to show you by what you should go and in a cloud by day. Notice that even in this journey as they were journeying, the prelude in the journey was a cloud by day and a fire by night. Might sound better if you sung it. Cloud by day, fire by the night. Right? It's a beautiful melody. It's something that they were following, something that was leading them. The prelude, they knew it was time to move. When the pillar fire moved at night, they they knew to follow the cloud by day. There was something that there was a prelude. Once it started moving, what did it signify? Time to get up and go. &gt;&gt; And even in Christ coming, there was the prelude to the key. God sent a prelude to his masterpiece. &gt;&gt; He sent a prelude to Christ. And really, just consider this biblical truth as we've just used a few. We've used this principle of sewing seed and what it produces. And there is the prelude of the sewer. We see the prelude in our own lives of what we sew is what we reap. We see that in the Exodus, God sent the prelude uh signs and wonders to the prophet, but then sends the prophet to bring them out of Egypt. the prelude of the cloud and the fire. There's certain things that God does beforehand as a means of accomplishing his will. Says in Isaiah 40:es 3, 4, and 5, the voice of him that crith in the wilderness, prepare ye the way of the Lord. Make straight in the desert a highway for our God. Every valley shall be exalted, and every mountain and hill shall be made low, and the crooked shall be made straight, and the rough places plain, and the glory of the Lord shall be revealed, and all flesh shall see it together. For the mouth of the Lord hath spoken it. It's widely to believe be believed to be a prophecy associated with the Messiah to the Jews. And it's a voice as a prelude to the Messiah. Then there's very specific instances are happening. Every valley is going to be exalted. Every mountain and hill is going to be made low and crooked made straight and rough places and the Lord's going to be revealed and all flesh will see him. So it does create some an image of something in your mind you can begin to interpret incorrectly. But yet it does signify that there's going to be a voice crying in the wilderness before saying prepare which is the prelude to the Messiah. &gt;&gt; So in Matthew 3:3 it says for this is he that was spoken of by the prophet Isaiah saying the voice of one crying in the wilderness prepare ye the way of the Lord make his path straight. &gt;&gt; John the Baptist fulfills this prophecy in Isaiah 40. Now, we could say, well, God could just send the Messiah. He could just send the Christ. Could have clearly done that. But yet, he already said beforehand, according to his composition, that he was going to send one before him. In Malachi 3:1, "Behold, I s will send my messenger, and he shall prepare the way before me." It's a repeat even in similar language to Isaiah 40. And I'm not reading all of the all the prophecies to be exhausted. and the Lord whom you seek shall suddenly come to his temple. Even the messenger of the covenant whom you delight in, behold, he shall come, saith the Lord of hosts. Once again, there was this expectation by the Jews that the Messiah would suddenly come to the temple. He'd be found there in Jerusalem in the temple, and all the flesh will see him, and the glory of God's going to be revealed. And I believe that this is one of the things that Satan was trying to tempt him to do according to this prophecy is to cast himself off the peak of the temple so that everyone could see and what? Tempt God. &gt;&gt; But this is a prophecy again that there's not just going to be a voice before his face, but now there's the prelude of a messenger and he's also going to prepare or go before and make preparation for the revealing of the Messiah. In Mark 1:es 1-4, the beginning of the gospel of Jesus Christ, the son of God, and it is written in the prophets, "Behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare the way before thee." We could see uh hints of Malachi 3. And then it also says, "The voice of one crying in the wilderness, prepare you the way of the Lord, make his path straight." We see hints of Isaiah 40. says, "John did baptize in the wilderness and preach the baptism of repentance for the remission of sins." Here's your fulfilling. There is a fulfilling of Isaiah 40, there's a fulfilling of of Malachi 3. Matthew 3 tells us this. Mark chapter 1 is telling us this. And then in Matthew 11:10, speaking of John the Baptist, and I know I'm not breaking new ground here where everybody's like, "Wow, okay, this is awesome. We know who John the Baptist is. But it says, "For this is he of whom it is written." Even after his John's own disciples begin to inquire and to ask, he says, "This is uh uh he of whom it is written, behold, I send my messenger before thy face, which shall prepare thy way before thee." There had to be a prelude first. &gt;&gt; We could use the terminology a forerunner. The forerunner had to come first. Even in the prophecy to Zachchariah before the birth of John in that time that he was going to be born. It says in Lukeap 1:1 17. This is what the angel says. So we could take the angel's words. Jesus says this is the one sent before my face. Now the angel says he shall be go before him the M messiah the the most high. He shall go before him in the spirit and power of Elijah. &gt;&gt; This is John the Baptist. The angels telling Zechariah, you're you're going to bring forth a son who is going to be anointed uh with the spirit of Elijah to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children and the disobedient to the wisdom of the just and to make ready a people prepared for the Lord. &gt;&gt; Now, talk about layering. &gt;&gt; You talk about some pretty awesome layering things together. There's fulfillments of Malachi 3 and Malachi 4 mentioned in this. These are things that are being kind of blended together because you see different parts. You can say, "Oh, that looks like Isaiah uh 40. That looks like Malachi 3. This looks like Malachi 4." And these all these elements are there. And so Jesus says in Matthew 11:14, the angel said, "This is what John's going to do." And Jesus substantiates it. He says, "If you will receive it, this is Elijah which was for to come." &gt;&gt; John the Baptist, if you're looking, if I tell you that I'm the son of man, if I'm indicating to you that I've come in my father's name, and that I am the long- awaited Messiah, I'm letting you know that this is the spirit of Elijah that was to come as a prelude to the man, the Messiah being seen. &gt;&gt; That I'm not here without my introduction. I'm not here without the foreshadowing. I'm not here without the the the the tone having been set already. It's already in and been indicated in the sheet music and now the prelude. So, we've established scripturally, I hope that we can see John fulfilling Malachi chapter 4. And I say fulfilling and that Jesus has said it, the angel has said it, we see him associated with Malachi 3 and Isaiah 40. So then in John 1 21 they asked him what then art thou Elijah. So they asked him if he was Elijah and what they're asking is not uh if he was the actual Elijah but have you come as the Elijah the prophet in that spirit and he says I am not. So he denies fulfilling the promise of Elijah. Then he says, 'Art thou that?' They ask, "Art thou that prophet?" I often read it to mean like kind of drilling down again. "No, I'm not Elijah." Well, are you that prophet? But there is a a language that suggests when he says no, that that prophet is most likely referring to the Christ, the Messiah, because he was that prophet that would be raised up like an unto Moses. So he denies being the Christ as well he should. But he causes a little bit of dissonance when he denies actually being a fulfillment of the spirit of Elijah. Are you Elijah? No, I'm not. Are you the Messiah then? No, I am not. And why would John answer with such clarity and the scriptures share it with us that he seems to not be uh hedging at all on this? When they ask him if he's a particular Elijah, an anointing of Elijah, he says, "No." Why would he say that? In Malachi 4:es 5 and 6, he says, "Behold, I'll send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord." So, here's the prelude of Elijah before the great and dreadful day of the Lord. Why doesn't God just send the great and dreadful day? Well, we may I ask him one day. But he said, "I will send it, but I won't send it lest I send Elijah's spirit first." &gt;&gt; And he says, "And he shall turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with the curse." So there's a a lot of things happening here in this verse. A lot of things happening in these verses, a lot of things happening in this chapter and also happening in the entire book. I will send you the spirit of Elijah. Jesus says if you can receive it, this is Elijah that must come. And the angel said that he would turn the hearts of the fathers to the children. And that so then you could see here in Malachi 4:6, he turns the hearts of the ch the fathers to the children. And Malachi 4:6 says, "And the heart of the children to their fathers." So notice when the angel says, "And the disobedient to the wisdom of the just." He's giving us some understanding of what that means. That it's it's not just fathers to the children, childrens to the father, but there's symbolic language that's being used to say he's going to turn the hearts of the children to their fathers. So the spirit of Elijah is not just to turn father's hearts to children. But watch the layering of this prophecy. Elijah would also turn the hearts of uh children's hearts. turn those children's hearts to the fathers &gt;&gt; prior to a judgment into a burning. &gt;&gt; He's also going to, as the angel said, there's this spirit of Elijah that is to turn the disobedient of the wisdom up to the wisdom of the just. As it says, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse. This is foreshadowed in verse one. For behold, the day cometh that shall burn as an oven, and all the proud, yay, and all that do wickedly shall be stubble. And the day that cometh shall burn them up, sayaith the Lord of hosts, that it shall leave them neither root nor branch. But unto you that fear my name shall the son of righteousness arise with healing in his wings, and ye shall go forth. So there's this the prelude of the son of righteousness. You're going to go forth and grow up as calves of the stall, and ye shall tread down the wicked, for they shall be ashes unto the souls of your feet in the day that I shall do this, sayeth the Lord of hosts. &gt;&gt; Thus, we can see that there is a pointing to different manifestations of the Messiah. &gt;&gt; This is just how God oftentimes layers his prophecies to where he says, "I am come down to deliver my children out of Egypt." So, you get the sense that Moses is going to come. He's going to take them out and he says, "And I'm going to bring them in." And then Moses comes, he takes them out, but Moses isn't the one that brings them in. &gt;&gt; He does event. There's God brings them in eventually. &gt;&gt; There's prophecies in Isaiah that are separated by commas that separated them by hundreds of years from one side to the next. And here we can see that this time, he says, they're going to be ashes under your feet in the day that I do this. &gt;&gt; So he says, remember the law that I gave you that I will use prophets and send them before I do something. And he says, "According to that law, I will send you Elijah the prophet." &gt;&gt; And so when John is asked, "Is he is he Elijah?" He knew that he came fulfilling Isaiah 40. He knew he came fulfilling as Malachi 3. He knew he came fulfilling to turn the hearts of the fathers back to the children. He knew that he had the spirit of Elijah on him. But he also knew that there was more that was meant and intended in that scripture. Maybe in his mind he's thinking there has to be this Messiah that conquers everything &gt;&gt; and I'm not so sure anymore because I don't see that happening. &gt;&gt; And so there's this hedge and what did Jesus say? Go back and tell him what you see. &gt;&gt; And he begins to tell him this is what was promised in this ministry. The sight will come. The blind will be healed. This is what was promised. Not the judgment and burning yet. So Malachi contains different layers of prophecy while declaring to us scripturally what this spirit of Elijah will do. Elijah will be the prelude to turning of hearts and a prelude to the day of judgment and burning just as we saw in Matthew chapter 13. He's going to send his angels and there's going to be a gathering together before judgment. So Matthew chapter 17 10-13. I I hope you're really paying attention tonight because I don't think this is going to go where you think it's going to go. That's a good thing. You're like, we kind of were thinking this would end well, but now we're thinking this is you're forecasting a failure. Matthew chapter 17 10-13 and the discip his disciples asked him saying because they're realizing the Messiah's manifest himself that he's he's declared himself to be the Christ. And even as they have said, thou art the Christ, the son of the living God, and thou the my father has revealed this to you. So very heavy heavy things. Why then say the scribes that Elijah must first come? So this was a commonly held viewpoint. It has been interpreted that Elijah will come first. He must come and introduce the Messiah. as even in the the Greek classics and some of the uh uh the earlier works of philosophy after Jesus Christ and the debates of the rabbis with the Greeks and there's this even this uh conversation or dialogue of trophus I believe it is where he says unless Elijah comes and anoints that man he cannot be the Messiah. So there's this strong held belief that in order for the Messiah to be who he was there had to be Elijah to come beforehand. So then Jesus answered because he's saying, "Shouldn't Elijah come first?" He says, "Lias truly shall first come and restore all things." Now notice in the order of this, Jesus speaks in a future tense. He shall come, and he speaks specifically to the type of ministry, restore all things. &gt;&gt; He says, "But I say unto you that Elijah has come already." &gt;&gt; So he's saying that he will come and restore all things. So that gives you some indication of what he's talking about that spirit of Elijah will be or when it will be. But he says he has come already and they knew him not but have done unto him whatsoever they wanted. They listed likewise shall also the son of man suffer of them. The prelude gave a prelude to what he was going to suffer. When John the Baptist came in the spirit of Elijah, they rejected him and they they they put him to death. He says likewise the son of man is going to suffer of the same generation. So I tell you that the son of man is here. the Messiah is here and that the Elijah that was to come, if you can receive it, this Elijah has come, but he's saying that he shall first come and restore all things. He's speaking in future tense. &gt;&gt; Now, I I would say and I and I want to say this with all respect, these things are hard things to wrestle with. I mean, it would be really nice if he could just give us dates, right? Why can't, you know, why couldn't God be more like Nostradamus? Which one of my best puns I've ever used, I put a hat on my head and called myself Nostradamus. That was kind of a classic hat and I thought it was a pretty funny joke. But there is this idea of man, people can be so precise. the spirit of Elijah is going to come in the year 1906 and this is what it's going to do and everybody could just wait until that time and like well I mean we're all vying for it at that point right I'm the one I'm the one I'm but God doesn't deal in those kind of specificities he says things and then brings it to pass &gt;&gt; so there's there's this language that's used in the scripture that would cause one to wrestle say well when he says he shall first come is he saying that this idea that he will come in restore all things speak of this coming then he says he has come so he says he will come but he's already come Is that what he means? Cuz that's not what it says. &gt;&gt; And maybe one could wrestle that out to some satisfaction to say if you can receive it. John the Baptist completely fulfills the preludes to the Messiah. But in Acts 3 19 to 21 says, "Repent ye therefore and be converted that your sins may be blotted out when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord." And it says, "And he shall send Jesus Christ which before was preached unto you." Christ no doubt was preached before by the prophets and he came and he was manifested and crucified and died and and rose on the third day and and has ascended into heaven. So he says he will send him the same Christ that was before preached. And then this gives us all the clues as to where he's orienting us whom the heavens must receive. He has ascended into heaven. We see that in chapter 1. Now, there's this future forward-looking prophecy where it says, "The heavens have received him unto what?" Is anybody else reading this along with me here? In in our youth meetings, there's so many young people that flip in their Bibles and want to read. Like, I got it. I say so many. I could count them on my hand. &gt;&gt; There's some really really good students. And so when you're when you're looking at this and he's speaking this beautiful sermon, he says, "The heavens have received Christ until the times of restitution of all things." You know what that phrase is? The restoration of all things, &gt;&gt; which God hath spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets since the world began. So, not only has Jesus used a language that puts this coming of Elijah in a future tense, now Peter in the in Acts chapter 3 is saying he shall send Christ. Future tense, future event. Jesus has ascended. The spirit has descended. But uh but there's going to be one day another revealing. Amen. &gt;&gt; And he points to the prophecy in in Matthew 17 11 of an Elijah as the prelude of the restoration of all things. Where where does Peter get it? Jesus says Elijah shall come in the future to restore all things. So Peter's preaching says there's going to be a restoration of all things. We don't see the restoration of all things. He Jesus told us to preach the gospel and to do these things because the kingdom is going to come one day in in a greater manner that we were expecting now. But now is the time of repentance. Now he calls all men everywhere to repent. &gt;&gt; But there's going to be a restoration of all things. &gt;&gt; It's going to be another prelude turning the disobedient of the wisdom to the just because that prophecy is not to the Jews only. But the angel used a language to let us know that it also means the Gentiles &gt;&gt; because it said the disobedient are going to be brought in, &gt;&gt; going to be brought in, brought back, restored, the restoration of all things. Now, there's a lot of great truths we can derive from this, but I wanted to use these highlevel things to you. maybe things you already know, very important things to see that the prelude in these instances is not just symbolically powerful, but supernaturally necessary. &gt;&gt; It's it's not just a trope or just a trick or just something God kind of looks and says, I'll just use this to grease the skids a little bit. Don't really mean to use it. Anybody familiar with grease the skids as a as a cult? You know, I have clients that have no idea when I say that. They want me, they bog me down. They start asking, "What do you mean grease the skids? Are we doing something wrong?" And I'm a little nonlusted when that happens. But there is this idea that God, you think, "Oh, well, God, it just kind of helps. It's just a helper. It's there if you need it." Kind of like uh cliffnotes. You if you can read the book and learn it and study it, but if you need to, you can get all these supplemental materials. know God it it's not just something that is symbolically powerful and you could use if you want as a tool or an aid to understand something that comes afterwards but God demands it and deems it necessary &gt;&gt; as critical when God wrote his Bible when he formed this great composition which we believe this word is a composition it is a work that God used he's used this element of the prelude as a necessary element &gt;&gt; and he said if you can receive it. This is the Elias that was to come. So there is a promise of another Elijah that we believe with we've received according to Malachi 4 and according to other prophecies. And once again, it's not that it's so plain and so digestible and so clearly laid out. It's if you can receive it. &gt;&gt; Really, there's a lot of grace in that. You don't have to get all worked up. If you can receive it, this is the Elijah. If you can't, then don't. Jesus offers a lot of grace in that. &gt;&gt; We ought to have a lot of grace too in the revelation that God gives us and the the grace with which we carry these great truths that we have because I I firmly believe that it is the mischaracterization of the Bible by people who adamantly believe it that have been the stumbling biggest stumbling block to the Bible. &gt;&gt; The same could be said of Christians. Gandhi said, "I love your Christ. I just don't like your Christians. And I want to say that God is not done with the prelude. And you may be the most important prelude today. &gt;&gt; You can be God's prelude in many powerful ways. &gt;&gt; So you can be a prelude for good, a prelude for evil. &gt;&gt; We are the swer in the fields of our flesh, our families, and our fellowship. &gt;&gt; Amen. You have that power. &gt;&gt; Job 4:8, even as I have seen, they that plow iniquity and sow wickedness reap the same. Here's the observation once again. Man is his own swer. This is the principle of the the prelude and the principle of the swer together that what you sow as the swer gives you an indication. It comes before what you're going to harvest. They're read in Galatians, be not deceived. God is not mocked. This is his immutable law of reproduction. whatsoever man seweth that shall he also reap. Then it tells us more precisely that you are a swer to your flesh. For he that sweth in his flesh shall reap of the flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption. That would be bad seed, corrupt seed, &gt;&gt; inordinate seeds, the wrong kind of influences, the wrong kind of diet, &gt;&gt; the that those dissonant things that that tear down that are evil. But he that sweth to the spirit, now there's that actual sewing to the spirit uh shall of the spirit reap life everlasting. And when the Bible says, "And let us not be weary and welloing." My son Jack gave me a a nice little bookmark from his Sunday school class that refers to this reading in Thessalonians Thessalonians. Let us not be weary and welloing for in due season we shall reap if we faint not. Reap what? Good. &gt;&gt; We ought to sow good. Amen. &gt;&gt; You have this agency and power over your harvest. &gt;&gt; Someone reached out to me recently and they said I I expressing just how depressed they were and how much anxiety they're feeling. And I just said I basically shared with them some principles. I said, you know, make sure you're getting enough sleep. Uh you know, watch what you're eating. Uh walk, get some exercise in and get your sleep in. And pay very close attention to the things you're feeding on. And I don't mean fried foods. Pay close attention to the things that you're digesting in your spirit, the things that you're sewing into your flesh. Because there's this immutable law that the more that you binge certain things, &gt;&gt; the more that you feed on certain genres of things, the more that you find yourself giving in to that part of the flesh, there is this reciprocal reciprocation of those things in the flesh. &gt;&gt; I don't know why I'm so worried and I'm always scared and I'm always afraid and I don't know, man. That's tough. That's tough. And all a sudden you get a notification. Oh, my favorite crime podcast just dropped a new episode. And you're over there kind of going, well, not much of a detective, are you? Right? There is their direct impact because you become the swer. &gt;&gt; Or the gatekeeper of what is sown into your spirit. &gt;&gt; So you can determine what kind of harvest you have. &gt;&gt; And therefore, I want to read this to you. Mark 4:14. And this is kind of drawing from where we were in Matthew chapter 13. The swer sweeth the word. &gt;&gt; The swer Christ &gt;&gt; sews good seed. &gt;&gt; Christ gives us the example of sewing the word. &gt;&gt; I'll say this. You're you're you're sewing a lot of seeds every day. We're sewing a lot of seeds. We can't help it. No matter what you say, what you do, in some ways there's some broadcasting of a seed. And so they're going to crop up in your life somewhere. and you're like, "Oh, where did that come from?" And you may be able to just kind of trace it back to the moment where you swed the seed of that. &gt;&gt; And so, if we can't help just by opening our mouths and getting out of bed and turning on our computers and flipping open our iPhones, I said, "Flip, I'm prophesying a flip iPhone. Write it down right now in the fly leaves of your notes, not your Bible." I'm not saying it is, but could it be? I never claimed to be a prophet, but there there is a moment from that moment on a lot of bad things are being swn in your spirit. So you better be in the habit of sewing good seed. &gt;&gt; You better recognize that you are a swer for good or for evil. We can take responsibility for the bad things that we've swn and the lack of diligence and oversight we've given to our flesh, our families, and our fellowship and realize, hey, that's on me. I haven't sewn enough good seeds. And you're not going to be able to do it by weed control. You're not going to be able to do it by just pulling weeds out. No, you've got to sew good seed. &gt;&gt; And the sewer seth the word. &gt;&gt; I think in our own family, I think you'll find just the things you've been studying on some of the questions we've been raising speak directly to this. Jesus in John 14:12 said, "Verily, verily, I say unto you, he that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also, and greater works than thee shall he do, because I go unto my father." &gt;&gt; One of the works that he did was he swed good seed. &gt;&gt; The swer sweeth the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The swer Christ sowed the word. I cannot in good conscience claim to be doing the works of Christ if I'm not sowing the word. I can have many wonderful works. I can do many wonderful things. I said the works that he he did I can do also. And I I'm I'm healing the sick and I'm doing that all according to the word. But am I doing this critical work of sewing the word? &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham takes this scripture and the spoken word is the original seed. I think it would be a great sermon to listen to. Just takes a a little bit of time on your lunch break to do it. But he says, "See now why I have been so zealous of the kind of seed that I planted for the body. Why has he been so zealous? Why has he been so worried? Why has he harped on certain things? Why has he been so uh uh careful over it? &gt;&gt; Why has he avoided certain things with respect to politics? Why has he been so concerned when he said certain things? Why is why has he been the way that he has? Why is he preaching a six-hour sermon on spoken words, the original seed? I've been zealous of the kind of seed that I planted for the body. The rain is going to fall pretty soon, the real rain, and it's got to have seed to fall in. Amen. &gt;&gt; And brother Brandon was zealous over the seed that was being sown. Christ, those the swer swed the word. Therefore, we ought to give the same kind of diligence. Every single one of us in this room from youngest to oldest, we've got to give same kind of diligence to the sewing of the right seed. &gt;&gt; Because the rain's going to fall. &gt;&gt; It's going to produce things in your life. &gt;&gt; It's going to produce a harvest. And if the word's never been sown in your heart, there's going to come a rain one day. Watch the watch that water of that of that author's soul begin to nurture your spirit. &gt;&gt; And it produces a tear. &gt;&gt; And produces something. Why? Because the word hadn't been swed. &gt;&gt; You hadn't put yourself in a position for the rain to fall and quicken a seed that God had sown. Amen. &gt;&gt; I want to close with this story in Genesis. Just going to give a summary and then we'll come to the scriptures here in a moment. And my my one of my aims, this is really low on the uh the bucket list, but I was really wanting to preach under an hour today. I didn't do it last Wednesday, even though I think I bragged on it. I could always clip out about four minutes in the middle. No one would know. And uh put it right at 59 minutes. self-fulfilling prophecy. Joseph, in the subject of Joseph, I want you to think about this. He was born into a family of 12 sons. There's a lot in his life that you could just begin to consider. But I want to challenge you right now about being the swer and that you have power to preview, to forecast, and foreshadow what kind of harvest you're going to get. &gt;&gt; So, you have the power of the prelude. You have the power to establish the tone. You have the power in that moment to to signify, give these harmonic hints as to what your vision is. &gt;&gt; He suffered a lot. Joseph did on the account of his dreams and the the favor of his father. Betrayed by his brother, he sold into slavery. We understand that God's providence brought him from that pit all the way to prison and into a palace. And there in the palace he interprets a dream of Pharaoh. And interpreting that dream he saw seven years of abundance followed by seven years of famine. And he said that we ought to store a fifth of the harvest during the years of plenty that we might have a reserve for the time of the fa famine. So this time, and I want you to think about this as as as one that would sow to your flesh, to your family, and to your fellowship. That one who has some sort of providence over your life. And so we see that there's this time of plenty, but we have to realize that there's going to be times of famine. And in those times of famine, you want to have had a reserve in the time of plenty that'll get you through the lean times, the difficult times, the hard times, the famine, and that you've stored up, you've sowed, you've harvested, you've reaped, you've laid up for yourself these treasures. And so, Joseph said, "Let's store up a fifth of each harvest in the years of plenty so that when the time of famine comes, we have plenty of grain." And Pharaoh was so impressed with his insight and his vision that he made him second in command over all of Egypt. The Bible says this grain was gathered like the sand of the sea by the time the famine struck. So now we look at this and we see Joseph acting in obedience to the wisdom that God had given him. And it's going to cause Egypt to to last and to survive. But not just Egypt, but Israel. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; Not just not just Pharaoh's house and his servants and and the people of his kingdom and all his slaves of his kingdom, but there's going to be more that happens because now when the children of Israel left from their promised land, their homeland, they came into Egypt because they heard there was grain. There was one who had this providential wisdom to store up during a time of plenty so that he could have a reserve in this time of leanness. People say, 'Well, these there's no such thing as grain. There's no such thing as this. There's no such thing as that. There's something that's been stored up. &gt;&gt; And he said, "This is the time where we we're feasting on what's already been sewn. This may not be a planting time. This may not even be a harvesting time. This is a feeding time." &gt;&gt; And others aren't able to uh uh to to produce it and make it happen and make it work. There was only one that had that grain. &gt;&gt; And Joseph is a type of Christ. Joseph orchestrated this whole narrative in this great story that the people of even even Egypt bought grain from the graineries and then they ran out of money and they came to a point where they finally just pledged their all. They said you have nothing but our bodies and our lands and to Pharaoh we give all. And what did it foreshadow? How Christ will orchestrate things in your life to where you finally come to the place where my money wasn't enough. My time wasn't enough. Playing church wasn't enough. pretending, pretending, pretending wasn't enough. All that's left for me to give is my heart. All that's left for you to give is give for me to give is all that I am. And so Christ is our Joseph, even orchestrating wants and lacks and famines so that you will just finally humble yourself and stare into the famine and the emptiness and say, "Oh God, I need you." &gt;&gt; And so when famine struck, Joseph's family comes down into Egypt. And here in chapter 45:es 1-7. Then Joseph could not refrain himself before all them that stood by him. And he cried, "Cause every man to go out for me." And there stood no man with him, while Joseph made himself known unto his brethren. And he wept aloud. And the Egyptians in the house of Pharaoh heard. And Joseph said unto his brethren, "Listen very closely to me. I am Joseph. And the first thing he wants to know is, does my father, is he alive? Does he yet live? And his brethren could not answer him, for they were troubled at his presence. Wouldn't you be? Right? This deep, dark secret that you had been hiding all these years, and you just thought, you know, I hope the coyotes never dig up the bones type thing that you're just hoping no one ever finds out. And all of a sudden, this one that you sold into slavery is like, uh, he's got receipts. Hey, uh we told dad that he was dead and he is right. Like at that moment, it's like this doesn't end well. But then Joseph says to his brethren, "Come near to me, I pray you." And there's there's more to the story and his ass asurances he gives them. But he says, "And they came near and he said, I am Joseph, your brother, whom you sold into Egypt. Now therefore, be not grieved nor angry with yourselves that you sold me hither. I hope I hope anyone here could just see the grace of God &gt;&gt; in this story. The grace of God in this because he says, "For God did send me before you to preserve life." &gt;&gt; They thought it was their jealousy. &gt;&gt; They thought it was his incessant what they perceived to be bragging. They thought it was their hatred for the favor that their father had given them. They thought it was his arrogance and all those things that caused him to be thrown in the pit. But God had simply used those tools as a way to take Joseph from the pit to Piper's house to prison to Pharaoh &gt;&gt; so that he could give provision during a time of famine that would actually bring his brothers back. And in the moment where there's this great conflict, he covers his bases. Don't be grieved. Don't be mad at yourself because you sold me. You in fact did that. There's no way we can soft sell that. But God sent me before you for what? To preserve life. &gt;&gt; For these two years hath the famine been in the land, and yet there are five years, in the which there shall neither be earring nor harvest. And God sent me before you to preserve you a posterity in the earth, and to save your lives by a great deliverance. Isn't that beautiful? Pharaoh might have thought it was for him. He might have thought it was for his kingdom, for his people, for his house. Now he owns all of Egypt. God didn't want all of Egypt. God wanted to preserve the seed of Abraham. &gt;&gt; God had his eyes and his promise on them. And so, as a prelude to this preservation, he allows Joseph to suffer great rejection and hardship and pain. And I trust that all of us can see in our lives, there's a lot of things that we've suffered, a lot of things that we've gone through. But God has even done that to preserve life, not take it. &gt;&gt; And we ought to have the wisdom of Joseph to say, "I cannot sit idly by and pout upon the pile of all my brokenness and my scars and my diversions and all the ways that I went, but rise to this place of God's elect and chosen that he has sent you before your children and subsequent generations to what? To store up good seed." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. The devil's trying to bully us from doing our job. &gt;&gt; And so I ask you as a challenge, maybe one that ought to be given to a group like this, what are you sowing? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; What kind of emotional resonance are you hinting at in the prelude? What kind of DNA are you sewing? What kind of tone are you setting? I tell you, sometimes we should look at the path that our children go and say, "I wrote that tune for them before they played it." &gt;&gt; Why? Because I told them this and I told them that. I encouraged this and I encouraged that. And when it came time for them to set out, they had they had nothing to go by. that had a foundation and this undergirling of the word &gt;&gt; of the playwright's composition, the composer. And this is what he wants for you. This is what he has for you. So I'm preaching this sermon even as a prelude to Lord willing what we might begin to minister on for the rest of the year or at least for some time in the coming services is what we ought to be doing and what we have a duty to do as believers so that there's not a famine for our children &gt;&gt; such that when they grow up to a certain age that they have no they have no reserve. &gt;&gt; They have no experience in the message or the Bible. No way to articulate what they've seen and what they've heard. No way to wrestle it out. No way even to pose the questions and be able to search things and find the heart of God and mind of God. They're never even in the practice of praying. &gt;&gt; They're not in the practice of looking through the scripture. &gt;&gt; They've only sat and just mustered enough energy to try not to fall asleep in our Sunday schools and our church services, even while doing all sorts of things. And the word is never swn into their hearts. Amen. &gt;&gt; And if it relates to our flesh and our families and our fellowship, I can take responsibility for what's sowed in our church to the extent that the right things aren't sowed, I can take responsibility for it. I'll take responsibility for my flesh. I'll take responsibility for my family. Could we all take responsibility as sers &gt;&gt; for your family? &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And be more more diligent. &gt;&gt; Be more diligent about what you sew. And and and I'll say this to some of us who have children that we want to see the word get a hold of. You swed good seed. &gt;&gt; God's made a promise. &gt;&gt; You've sewed keep sewing good seed. God made the promise. &gt;&gt; So you don't have to worry about the outcome. &gt;&gt; He told me to sew the word. &gt;&gt; He told me to sew the word. I've got to sew the word. I've got to sew the word. And don't panic about what's produced. Say, "Lord, I swed the word. I did my best about the tears. I did my best about the weeds. I did my best about all these other things and all these other ways and and we enjoyed these things and we did those things and maybe I did too much of this and I did too much of that. But Lord, I know I sowed the word. The rest is up to him because it's God both to do will and to do. And it's God that sws that waters and gives the increase. &gt;&gt; I want to be one of those that he uses. &gt;&gt; I challenge you tonight to be to think about the prelude and think of it this way. What am I doing now? And as I'm doing it, think of it as a prelude to what you can expect in the future. &gt;&gt; And therefore, make changes if you don't like the way it's looking. &gt;&gt; Make changes &gt;&gt; if you don't like the way it's looking. And God is so gracious that when we look at a field full of uh tears and weeds and our houses seem so discombobulated and upside down and no hope of redemption, that's when you call upon a God who's greater than that. &gt;&gt; Amen. who can come in and knows just how to dung it, just how to dig around it, and just a way to cultivate and pay attention once again to your vineyard &gt;&gt; so it can bring forth much fruit. &gt;&gt; Let's stand together this evening as we pray. Musicians, come to your instruments, please. the prelude. [Music] I use those. I have a lot of reasons for doing this as God has led me to do it. I think some of them may be obvious um and and and on the nose, but I use these examples because I wanted you to recognize just how important that office is and that we are called to be sers and therefore as sers and husbandmen and co- lababorers with God, we have a responsibility and I think we ought to take it very seriously what this responsibility is. because we have power as the prelude. Let's bow our heads. Gracious heavenly father, tonight Lord, we could ask for a raise of hands, but I believe that hearts are just being lifted to you now. And Lord, as we have wrestled out these things and we can recognize these great truths in your word that we have benefited from children of Israel in the Exodus with the prelude of a prophet. Jesus Christ, the masterpiece, the son of God, the lamb of God to take away the sins of the world with the prelude of the prophet. And we see these great works that you have wrought by using these vessels and these angels and these ministries all as a prelude to great deliverance and healing and revelation. And we too Lord in this end time that we believe that there was a message and we believe with all of our hearts because we could receive it that there was an another Elijah anointing that came in this hour as a prelude to a rapture. Lord, if we could see these great principles in the scripture, then Lord, I I I wanted there to be such a heaviness to that dynamic that we could recognize that to whatever extent we play the same role, it's important. And that Lord, if I'm if I'm not sewing the word, how is it going to be sown? And Lord, if I think in in terms of well, we go to church and they hear their Sunday school teacher, they hear the youth group leader, they hear uh the pastor and the other associate ministries preach the word and the word is being sown in those services, then I if that's the extent to which it's being done, are we nurturing it? Are we watering it? Are we doing our part in the process? [Music] Lord, I truly believe that many times we see the fruits of something and we can just follow the breadcrumbs. We can just follow the tracks and realize, wow, [Music] it had no root in itself. There was no foundation. There was no deepness of earth. Nothing had been spiritually cultivated. It was all shallow and external. Lord, there was a maybe a lot of works on the outside, but No care was given in the prelude of preparation for a birth. And Lord, to the extent that some of us have suffered as a result of this lack of preparation and even the labor of the prelude maybe not effective, the day is not over. Time is still upon us. And though there may be two years of famine and a few more yet, we believe there's provision. There's still provision. And may all of us who are here tonight not despair, neither be angry nor fret for what has been done, but just accept the provision now and be that part in this great masterpiece that you can use and become one that does the works of Christ to sew the word. Bless us tonight, I pray in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
