################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-06 - The World of Music - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-06
Title:   The World of Music
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpZJhW9xADw
========================================

Description:
The World of Music
Sunday Service: July 6, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
turn to Psalms 119 verse 133. We did use this scripture on Wednesday. There'll be a brief tie-in uh and then we're just going to get into a number of scriptures today. It's going to look at kind of an overview of a lot of different things. I don't believe that it's academic or just merely uh you know like reading the newspaper, but it's going to be a lot of lot of things to absorb. Psalms 119 verse 133. Order my steps in thy word and let not any iniquity have dominion over me. I think those two statements belong together. The desire to be ordered is so that there would be no power of sin, no power of iniquity over him. Order my steps in thy word and let not any iniquity have dominion over me. You can be seated. My title today is the world of music. I thought about titling it the most comprehensive, extensive, and absolute complete uh history of music just for clickbait title. Uh but we're just going to use the phrase the world of music. And I did deliberate quite a bit on how to title it. I think there's a lot of meaning in titles. I know for a lot of us as message believers, you can just mention a sermon title and it strikes something in your heart and you know uh what the scripture is, what the emphasis is and even some of the relationships uh to the day and age that we're living in. So I think there's a lot that goes into a title and I'm just using this the world of music. Now, if you'll turn to Psalms 19:E14, going to look at some of the internal things that we discussed Wednesday night and how that flows out into a song just using that phrasing. It says, "Let the words of my mouth and the meditation of my heart be acceptable in thy sight, O Lord, my strength and my redeemer." We could look at this and say that the order could certainly be reversed in the sense that whatever's in a man's heart is what flows out and by the things in his heart, that's how he speaks. And so it's not just the words of his mouth that he would be hypocritical, but that also the meditation of his heart be acceptable to the Lord who is his strength and his redeemer. We know what the words of our mouth would be in a very literal sense. But it meditation of our heart is actually in the Hebrew it could mean resounding music. Let this music in my heart. Let this uh this musing in my mind. My thoughts, my meditation be acceptable in thy sight, O Lord. One way of thinking about it is our thoughts kind of perform maybe we could say a soundtrack, but our musings form a musical score for our lives. There's a thought process that something in your mind that's going through why you do certain things and why you live your life. And you might find that there's a certain rhythm to it. There's a certain cadence and a revisiting and cycles and circles in the way that you think. So it's good to think about what you're thinking, but don't overthink it. And so in that there's a way that we were talking about ordering our thoughts because this what is what our thoughts give us. And what they do is they motivate us. They inspire us. uh it's what causes us to things to flow out of our mouth and even interaction. So he says our our thoughts are a resounding music. It's it's a song. It gives us energy. It inspires us. In Proverbs 15 28 it says, "The heart of the righteous studyth to answer, but the mouth of the wicked peth out evil things." As the psalmist said, "Let the words of my mouth be acceptable there." Now, the words of the wicked mouth, they just pour out evil things, things that God does not find acceptable. But the heart of the righteous, those that are pleasing to the Lord, those that are upright, they study. That means they muse, they think about, they they consider things to answer. And that answer there is not just to have a word, but it speaks of a rhythm, a beat. It speaks of something that's going to resound. They they do it to speak in a way that harmonizes. And so our heart should muse to sing in tune with God. Our heart should be thinking, I want to be harmonious. I want to work together. I want to be in the right melody. And so Psalms 119 verse 133 speaks of the very same thing. Order my steps in thy word. And let not any iniquity have dominion over me. In order to live free from sin, in order to live outside of the works of the flesh and the influence of the world, our steps need to be ordered according to the word of God. Order there means to arrange or to compose. It's to direct direct my steps. You could even see one the the words of a composer who's going to arrange music and he's going to write out the the the sheet music in a certain way. And then when it comes time for that to be played, there's someone there who's directing, who's orchestrating. So there's order my steps. That's that stroke. It's a beat. It's that even that that timing. Order my timing. Order my stroke. Order order the way that I'm performing within your word of God. So we want to follow his beat. We want to follow his rhythm, his tune, his melody, his meter, whatever it is that we're to do. We want to perform our part. Music itself, as we uh used on Wednesday night, it's the art of combining notes. It's art of music is even in the phrase, the Latin phrase. And so, it's the art and technique and the skill to be able to combine harmony and rhythm and melody together. And on this subject today, the world of music, I want to look scripturally at the origins of music, the character of music and its different uses. And I believe that it should serve as um maybe an initial way of probing your thoughts to consider uh the place that music has in our lives and the place that it has in the world and how that it can be manipulated, how it can be used, and even how it can be used for God's glory. And there's a lot of there's a lot of power in music. In Job 38 4-7, this is where we're going to start. If I was going to do the history of music, a complete history of music, an exhaustive and complete history of music, then I you need to start before time. And so here in Job chapter 38, which was the oldest, they believe it to be the oldest written book in the in the Bible. Where was thou when I laid the foundations of the earth? It's God that is speaking. And so now it's in the Genesis in the beginning when God is creating by his word. He's saying, "Where were you?" And we could even phrase it this way. Where were you when things begin to come forth that weren't yet in existence? Declare if thou hast understanding. Who hath laid the measure thereof if thou knowest? Or who hath stretched the line upon it? Whereupon are the foundations thereof fastened? Or or who laid the cornerstone thereof? Now, God's not trying to make a point that he needs answers to this and he wants to know whether or not he was. But these are rhetorical questions to get Job to consider the greatness of God and the way that they were having their discussion. He says, "When the morning stars sang together and all the sons of God shouted for joy." So in the beginning when God be to bring forth and God be to create the scripture is expressing that there was a singing at that time the stars morning stars sang together that singing is a ringing cry to sing out so it isn't uh we you could translate it to shout or noise but it has a musical connotation to raise a sound so music is present in the very beginning when God begins to bring things forth in Isaiah 6:ES 1:3 it says in the year of that in the year that King Uzziah died I saw also the Lord Isaiah is expressing these things I saw also the Lord sitting upon the throne so he's having this vision in heaven high and lifted up and his train filled the temple above it stood the seraraphims each one had six wings with twain he covered his face and with twain he covered his feet and with twain he did fly and one cried unto another and said, "Holy, holy, holy is the Lord of hosts. The whole earth is full of his glory." Now, notice how it phrases that these saraphims that are there hovering uh by the throne and their wings are covering their face and their feet and with one they're hovering there and they cried to each other. So, there's these saraphims who are now singing to each other and to cry to one another. It's this alternate praise and the way that it would alternate. It has the structure of singing. Holy, holy. Maybe it's holy, holy, holy. And the other one's repeating and they're singing it back and forth. They could have been singing in a round. I don't know. But it kind of has this cadence to it, this rhythm to it of this alternate praise in the structure of a liturgy or a singing, a musical chant. Revelations 5:es 8 to10. and when he had taken the book, these are really beautiful scriptures, but we're just zeroing in on some very specific components to it. So, if you can in your own minds take a step back on some of these and recognize the context and see that in each one of these here initially, these are things that relate to God, very uh wonderful happenings in a supernatural realm. And when he had taken the book, the four beasts and four elders fell down before the lamb, having every one of them harps and golden vials full of odors, which are the prayers of saints. And they sung a new song. So every one of them had a harp. This is a it's associate this is the song this the word harp is associated with praise and worship. Things that are sung to God in heaven could even imply that musical instrument of a liar, something that could be played. They all had a harp. And they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy to take the book, and to open the seals thereof, for thou was slain, and hast redeemed us to God by the blood out of every kindred and tongue and people and nation, and hast made us unto our God, kings and priests, and we shall reign on the earth. Some of you may have sung uh songs before uh that are just this exact wording and they're done in a way that is has tone and harmony and it may come across more as a a chant or a musical uh uh just using musical notes, but these are it's being characterized as them all having harps and singing a song at the time that the lamb takes the book. And so worship in heaven, I could, if I could say this, well, maybe I could just say it. It seems to be inherently musical. They sang together. They shouted for joy. These elders with their harps and they all be to sing in Revelations 14:es 2 and three. And I heard a voice from heaven as the voice of many waters and as the voice of a great thunder. And I heard the voice of harpers harping with their harps. That seems a little bit redundant, but the voice of harpers harping with their harps. It kind of combines all the the conjugations of that phrase and the use of that root word. They're the harpers harping with their harps. This is musical. These are instruments. It connotates this musical worship. And they sung as it were a new song before the throne and before the four beast and the elders. So now it's not just the four beasts and the four elders that are associated with this worship in this singing and and the and the praise and the harping, but now there's a voice of harpers harping with their harps. And they sing a new song before the beast and elders and no man could learn that song but the 144,000 which are redeemed from the earth. So again, in the context of very great things and scriptural things, there are the voice of harpers harping with their harps. They're singing a new song. There's this above the throne or the seraraphims on the throne are singing back and forth one to another. This shows that music is in heaven. There's worship and praise, but it's not just worship. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It has some sort of it has a a musical feel to it. It has some sort of harmony and structure to it. as I believe Isaiah 6 implies that the shouting that antifonal back and forth that resounding one to another alternate praise it's musical now in Ezekiel chapter 28 as it says in Isa in Job it says the morning stars sang together and the sons of God shouted for joy so there's that the morning stars singing but here in Ezekiel 28 8:3 it's Lucifer who is associated with that light that morning star. It says thou hast been in Eden the garden of God. Every precious stone was thy covering the sardis, the topaz and the diamond, the burl, the onyx and the jasper, the sapphire, the emerald and the carbuncle and gold. The workmanship of thy tabrets and of thy pipes. The pipes here uh in the wording does not necessarily refer to an organ or an instrument. It speaks of a kind of a a place, a divot, a hole, a socket for a gem or a jewel to be put in. But brother Brandham takes the scripture, he uses this very scripture. He says, "Pipes or organs are instruments." And he he looks at it in the sense that it continues the phrasing of tab. So there's this idea that even if it reads to be like a socket, that could even imply, you know, even a musician wants to be in the pocket. And so that's even what the word would mean. The workmanship of thy tablets and thy pipes were prepared in thee in the day that thou was created. So God in creating Lucifer makes him very beautiful with a lot of adornment. And part of that adorning is musical. The workmanship of thy tab thy tabits. It doesn't say specifically what that might have been. It could have been tamb boots, brother loyal. We don't know. But it's a timberal or a tambourine. Something that's made in him to play the sound. It means to play the sound of the timal to beat. It comes from that word to beat to play upon to drum. And those who hate drums are going, "That's right, brother Aaron. Lucifer was a drummer." But it is it is the tablet speaks of a playing, the sound to beat, to play upon a drum, a tambourine or a temple. So Lucifer in the beginning was made inherently musical. When the sons of God were singing together, it implies this musical composition being poured forth. In Isaiah 14:1 again speaking of Lucifer, Satan, the that old serpent, the dragon, the pomp, thy pomp is brought down to the grave. I'll acknowledge again, these are within the context of scriptures that are visited frequently that we know very well, but I'm just trying to zero in on very granular part of this wherein these tablets were in him. Now, here it says, "And the noise of thy vials, the worm is spread under thee, and the worms cover thee." But the noise of thy vials, the vials is that harp. It's a It speaks of a loot or some a guitar a musical instrument. Now again, in looking at Lucifer, not only does he have these tablets or pipes and and these the the tambourine or the drum, but here now there's a harp, there's a guitar, there's some musical instrument that's being associated with him, the noise of thy musical instruments. So we can see then even in the beginning as we pull the curtain back and we look at eternity through Job and Isaiah and Revelation or we look in heaven through revelation uh we could see that there is also Satan nearby as some could say a worship leader in heaven. Right? Then in Genesis chapter 4 vers 16 to uh 22 we'll just kind of touch through it here. It speaks of how Cain went out from the presence of the Lord. And in verse 17, it says that he knew his wife and conceived and bare Enoch. And he built a city and called the name of that city after his son Enoch. So this is the beginning of civilization. This is the beginning of man's attempts to sustain himself and to overcome the curse. And so science begins here. Science not so much in the uh search for knowledge, but science in the sense of trying to self-preserve and to self-discover. And so there's beginning a lot of uh cultivation and creation. Brother Brandham says a lot about these verses and he emphasizes quite a bit uh civilization, education and music. And in verse 21 it's going through the lineage. It says, "And his brother's name was Jubel. He was the father of all such as handle the harp and organ. He's the father of those who play the liar and pipe. the it speaks kind of more of string and wood instruments even uh he's credited with being kind of the inventor of musical culture to now maybe it's not just something that's done uh one one humming or one composing individually but now there's a an identity that comes he's the father he's the inventor he's the one that kind of begins to bring it together and form something as a combination of those that handle the harp and the organ jubel even from is from the Hebrew word yabal which means to lead or conduct. So here he is he's a conductor. He's a composer. He's one that's starting to become more organized with respect to music. That yabal even uh the conjugation of that is used in yobel which is a ram's horn with the idea of a sounding a celebratory sound. So it has his name itself is connected with music. In verse 21, it tells us about Tubalcane uh and how he began to forge and use. He was an alchemist and he began to forge metals and learn how to uh uh combine metals and he so he was a metal smith. He forged the Bible says brass and iron and brother Brandham in many different places associates that tubcane specifically with making instruments of music. In the early 1900s, they discovered some uh clay tablets are very very ancient. They had a it was included an ancient text that is very close to Hebrew. And I've been reading through some of it and it's really really really interesting. And a lot of the different things that uh you find out about very very old words and things that confirm things in scripture. And there was one in there who was a smith who was honored as the leader and builder and an artisan or the patron of musicians. And so Tubalcane was most likely combined metal work and music and cultural creativity and they're working together with family and jubil. They were they were uh inspiring more work and providing more resources in music. But again, we're kind of watching how this unfolds. This development of music and the instruments connects with Lucifer through Cain to humanity. Unable to create an original, Satan has to work with what God has already manifested, what God has already used. God created things within him. And and and in creating these things within him, he's now able to use and influence uh fallen man, this degraded humanity. And music is part of civilization. Metalwork, it's not just metal working in the sense that they're making weapons, but they're also making uh instruments, musical instruments. In Daniel 3:7, as they're being these Hebrew children, Haniah, Aariah, Misha are being commanded to bow before an image of Daniel. says, "Therefore, at that time when all the people heard the sound of the cornet, flute, harp, sacklet, sultry, and all kinds of music, all the people, the nations, and the languages fell down and worshiped the golden image that Nebuchadnezzar the king had set up." Notice how all nations and languages can understand music. They may not have spoke the same language linguistically as far as a tongue, but now there is this inherent innate ability to understand and relate to music. And the sounding forth of the cornet, cornet, the flute, the harp, the sack, but the salt sultry and all kinds of music signifies to everyone from all sorts of different backgrounds and cultures and nations and languages to worship this false image that the king had set up. So we can see that even music and uh and its development and and it's combining together different instruments and sounds and tones is present in Babylonian worship. Acts chapter 13 10 teaches us as we mentioned how the devil's not able to create. He can only pervert what God has already used, manifested or created. says, and Paul says, I, "Oh, full of all subtlety and all mischief." And then just taking this phrase, "Thou child of the devil, thou enemy of all righteousness." And here's this characteristic of Satan. Wilt thou not cease to pervert the right ways of the Lord? So, it's the it's the devil's nature to pervert God's nature. It's the devil's nature to pervert the right ways of the Lord. Amen. Now, if you're if you're starting to get a little bit tense thinking, "Oh my goodness, Brother Aaron is showing that music is satanic and we just had a song service wherein we played." Just relax. I just read a bunch of scriptures in the beginning. I should have clued you in on the fact that there's something that was before. It's an original before there's a perversion. Right. So we can see that there uh there is music in the beginning music on earth but in the its beginnings at earth we only begin to glimpse it in the sense that it's already being taken over through fallen mankind and humanity and now it has this prominent position within Babylon. But if you look at Psalms 149:es 3 to5 I want I want to look at a group of scriptures here. I've got a number of them here that will kind of emphasize on the same thing of what what music means to God. In Psalms 149:es 3,4 and 5, let them praise his name in the dance. Should we do a series on dancing? Let them praise his name in the dance. Let them sing praises unto him with the timberal and harp. Now though you could see a harp in Babylonian worship and Lucifer himself with these timberalss made within them. Now the psalmist is saying praise God with the timber and harp for the Lord taketh pleasure in his people. I'll come back to that. He will beautify the meek with salvation. Let the saints be joyful in glory. Let them sing aloud upon their beds. So there is that musing, that meditation. Even in the night time, even as they're reclining, let them sing. Let them rejoice. Let them praise. Praise has a musical connotation to it. But it says, "For the Lord taketh pleasure in his people. But the Lord is not just delighting in his children, but he enjoys the music that they offer to him in praise. The Lord taketh pleasure in his the singing of praises. The Lord taketh pleasure in the temporal and harp in them singing aloud on their beds. When it says the Lord taketh pleasure in his people, it forms kind of that spoke, that middle of the will that informs all the praising that goes to him and he enjoys that. He enjoys the musical praise, this worship that is offered to him. In Revelations 15:es 2 and three, again, just zeroing in on some very specific aspects of this scripture. And I saw, as it were, a sea of glass mingled with fire, and them that had gotten the victory over the beast, and over his image, and over his mark, and over the number of his name, stand on the sea of glass, having the harps of God, and they sing the song of Moses, the servant of God, and the song of the lamb. So now Moses has a song. The lamb has a song. They're all singing it together. Great and marvelous are thy works, Lord God Almighty. Just and true are thy ways, thou King of saints. There was some melody to that, some harmony to that, some meter and rhythm. There was it was a singing. If someone just said, "Great and marvelous are thy works, Lord God Almighty. Just and true are thy ways, thou King of saints." You say, "Oh, that's Sith. That's the beginning. That's synth. That's the beginning. Sith, synth. That's the beginning of house music or something." Well, maybe somebody could begin to put a beat to it and just and then the drop and then everybody's like Jesus. But it's it's musical. It's coral. It has a it would have had a sound to it. Even some of the most ancient singing was just a voice, a beautiful voice hitting the right tones and notes and and building tension even through the vocalization. But it says here the harps of God having the harps of God. These are God's harps as God made and created Lucifer with the timberals within them, the noise of his vials, his his guitars, his musical instruments. Uh uh God had made them in him. Now there's this restoration or reclamation of music and its purity and its greatness. And they have the harps of God here in the context of Revelations 15. And they're playing and singing Moses's song. and the song of the lamb. So we see that God takes pleasure in worship, musical worship and music of his people. God has harps. Zephaniah 3 14-1 17. Sing, oh daughter of Zion. Shout, O Israel. Be glad and rejoice with all the heart. Oh daughter of Jerusalem. The Lord hath taken away thy judgments. He hath cast out thine enemy. The king of Israel, even the Lord, is in the midst of thee. Thou shalt not see evil anymore. are beautiful scriptures worthy of our of consideration of their context and their meaning and what these things point to. But again, we're going to zero in on how he says, "Sing, oh daughter of Zion. In that day it shall be said to Jerusalem," fear thou not and to Zion, let not thine hands be slack. The Lord thy God in the midst of thee is mighty. This one who loves to hear his people sing. He will save. He will rejoice over thee with joy. He will rest in his love. He will. He will rejoice over thee with joy. He will rest in his love. He will joy over thee with singing. The scripture here speaks specifically of God singing. He will rejoice over thee with singing. God rejoicing over us. Is that slideshow froze up there? Did I give the wrong Maybe I didn't have it there. Maybe I messed up. I could put the wrong scripture reference there. Disregard the top one. That's kind of giving you a little bit of a heads up where we're going next. I'm going to learn just to trust you, Brother John. I'm going to know if it's not up there, it's my mistake. He will joy over thee with singing. God sings over us. So God has harps. He's the first instrument maker, not Jewel or Tubalcane. They were perverting what God did. He's the one that made these in the beginning. He'll join Jeremiah 31:es 3 and 4. This is a a little bit different meaning here. And this speaks to the things we've been saying in these few verses here. The Lord hath appeared of old unto me, saying, "Yay, I have loved thee with an everlasting love." The God that's in the midst of thee. He will save you, rejoice over thee. He'll rest in his love. He loves with an everlasting love. Therefore, with loving kindness have I drawn thee. Again, I will build thee, and thou shalt be built, oh virgin of Israel. So, God's building, God's creating. Thou shalt again be adorned with thy tabs, and shalt go forth in the dances of them that make Mary. So he's speaking here in Jeremiah 31. It's in Zephaniah that God rejoiced over us with singing. But now in Jeremiah, it's saying, I'm going to build you, you will be built, and when I build you, I will adorn you again with instruments. I will adorn you again with music's tablets. uh these musical instruments, these tablets that would maybe be used for a beat a a and and for rhythm and shall go forth in the dances of them that make Mary in Psalms 22:3. This scripture I quote quite often after a song service because I just think of how much of a promise this is to us. But thou art holy. Oh thou that inhabitest dwells in abides in the praises of Israel. This particular conjugation or translation inhabitist only takes place I think one time in the scripture. Thou inhabitest the praises of Israel. the praises. It's a song or hymn of praise. It's a musical boasting of God's glory and goodness. Thou inhabitest the praises. It's not just an intelligible uh shout. It's not just a noise, but there's something musical to it. He inhabits, he lives in, he abides in the praise of Israel. God himself is a builder and creator of instruments. One who has harps, who loves to sing. He takes pleasure in those who use those instruments to sing back to him, to praise him, to express love back to him. In Ephesians 5:1 19, this has been featured prominently as of late, Paul in instructing and placing this church that could be placed in this time of adoption, speaking to yourselves in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs as those seraphones resounded this antifonal uh chant, this liturgy back and forth, this song of praise, holy, holy, holy, that they begin to say, now it says, speak to yourselves one to another in psalms and hymns and spiritual songs. So we sing to each other but then also singing and making melody in your heart to the Lord. So we have a song internally that informs the song that we sing externally. Hebrews chapter 2:12. This is quoting a scripture. The writer here says I will declare thy name unto my brethren. This is Jesus speaking or this is the prophecy of the Messiah. In the midst of the church will I sing praise unto thee. The word not only commands us to offer praise, to offer boasting, to offer singing, but here there's this prophecy in Psalms of Christ singing in the middle of the congregation. So he's not it's and it's not just a solo. He's the leader of the choir. Amen. I will sing in the middle of the church. I will sing praises unto thee. And in Psalms 22:22, this is the prophecy Paul's building off of. I will declare thy name unto my brethren. In the midst of the congregation will I praise thee. So, we are commanded to offer praise. We're commanded to sing. We're commanded to boastfully uh praise God in music and worship and and these songs and these melodies and these instruments that are used, they're to be used in praise of God. Jesus himself standing up in the midst of the church singing as God sings over us. Now the Messiah sings even in the image of God as a choir leader encouraging us all to join in the chorus in Psalms 33:es 1:3. Maybe transitioning a little bit just to see how that God commands this praise. The scripture ask of this praise. If we bog down there just and begin with Ezekiel 28 and we went to Isaiah and then we went to uh uh Daniel, we say, "Oh, well music is of the devil. Music is of the devil." There is a devil's music. We could say that. And we all know what it is, right? I'm just kidding. I'm just trolling you. In Psalms 33:es 1-3 says, "Rejoice in the Lord, oh you righteous, for praise. Praise again, it has a musical note to it. Praise is comely for the upright. Praise the Lord with the harp. Sing unto him with the sultry and an instrument of 10 strings. Sing unto him a new song." Now look at this. Play skillfully with the loud noise. This is something where there you should desire to do it well, to do it skillfully, not to have a trained voice and not necessarily just to master technique, but play skillfully. It implies that it's not just noise. It's not just for attention. It's not for clamor, but it's it dovetales. It it it harmonizes. It's melodic. It's tuneful. And he says, "Praise him with the harp. Sing with a sultry, an instrument of 10 strings. Sing unto him a new song. Play skillfully with a loud noise." That's again, it's not just a racket, but it's a sounding song. Psalms 150:es 3-6. Praise him with the sound of the trumpet. Praise him with the sultry and harp. Praise him with the timber and dance. Praise him with stringed instruments and organs. Praise him upon the loud symbols praise him upon the high sounding symbols. Let everything that hath breath praise the Lord. Praise ye the Lord. Here in the Psalms it's encouraging again. Trumpet, sultry, harp, timberal, dance, stringed instruments, organs, loud symbols, high sounding symbols. And then everything that has breath is you. If you can't play an instrument, if you don't play the harp, if you don't play the drums, if you don't play the organ, whatever it might be, then you've got a voice that you can lend not to sing your own tune, but to blend with others who are playing. Let everything that hath breath sing skillfully. Let everything that can play, let it play unto the Lord. You finding brother Brandham often when he addresses the subject of worldly music, his biggest complaint is how it slipped into the church and that many of the musicians who were playing in church were playing in the bar the night before. And so the gift wasn't being yielded to the Lord. It was just being used uh used whenever. So there's a sanctity, there's a skill, there's a set sanctification to these things. Psalms 81:es 1:3 to the chief musician upon getth a psalm of Asaf, one of the song leaders, one of the worship leaders. It says, "Sing aloud unto God our strength. Make a joyful noise unto the God of Jacob. Take a psalm and bring hither the templant harp with the sultry. Blow up the trumpet and the new moon." That doesn't mean like make it explode. But at this season, at this time when we have these festivals, when we have these gatherings, when we are honoring these feast days, when we come together to worship, sound the trumpet in the time appointed on our solemn feast day. Bring the song that was written. Bring the music to accompany it. Let us rejoice in the Lord in this time, this convocation, this gathering together. In Isaiah 30 29, ye shall have a song, as in the night when a holy simity is kept, and gladness of your heart, as when one goeth with the pipe to come into the mountain of the Lord, the mighty one of Israel. When there's this, when there's redemption, when there's deliverance, you shall have a song as one who's piping to the house of the Lord, a music, one that's carrying you on. My son Elliot and I there's we we when we're listening to music together every once in a while we'll hear one like this is a road trip song like this is a song just to put drop to top on that convertible and just ride out into the mountains and you could just listen to it because there's a certain sounding that goes forth kind of as one who's walking journey into Zion even as we sing the song we're marching to Zion it has a rhythm to it where you could just say throngs of people with that song or that melody moving in their heart to a goal. In the scripture, we see that music is found in times of victory. It's found in times of deliverance, times of war, in times of the manifestation of God's presence. Music is there. In Exodus 15:es 1 and two, after God has manifested himself mighty in battle and and deliverance and pers uh preservation of Israel, then sang Moses and the children of Israel this song unto the Lord and spake, saying, I will sing unto the Lord, for he hath triumphed glorious gloriously the horse and his rider hath been thrown into the sea. The Lord is my strength and song. Again, God even himself is now the Lord is my song and he has become my salvation. He is my God. I will prepare him in habitation, my father's God, and I will exalt him. There is an exaltation through praise and through singing and through the offering of talents and gifts and instruments. The Lord is not just my strength, he's my song. They sang Moses. Moses and the children of Israel sang. It could be that this is a similar song that was sung of God's servant. Moses having the harps of God begin to sing. It's at this time of this Exodus. God has vanquished their foe. What happens when it there's this instinct of praise and it's not just screaming and shouting, it's musical. 2 Samuel chapter 6:5 as the ark is being restored back to Israel. This going to intervene a little bit here. We know it's not according to God's will. As it's be done, death results as a part of it. But we can see here this this habit in Israel, this uh this Judeaic instinct, it's part of their worship. and David and all the people of Israel played before the Lord on all manner of instruments made of furwood even on harps and on sulties and on timbals and on cornets and on symbols they're praising before the ark as as it's coming back to its place in these initial stages there's a there's a celebration and it's musical and then in verse 14 and David danced before the Lord with all his might and David was girded with the linen ephod so David and all the house of Israel brought up the ark of the Lord shouting and with the sound of the trumpet. There's songs of deliverance, songs of praise, songs of of rejoicing and boasting, music that boasted of the goodness of God. It wasn't, you know, the wheel on the wagon goes round and round. Uh it it it wasn't uh take one down and pass it around, but it was songs that lifted up the Lord. Now, this this is a little bit of a a shift in in uh kind of the momentum, but in the service of God and the service of God's people in the temple, you'll see in the scripture that the Levites were the ones that were gifted, instructed, and ordained for music. And and I'm sharing this just to show the closeness that music has to the types and shadows of what was offered in the temple in all those sacrifices and all the cleanliness and all the the ceremony was foreshadowing the house of the Lord, the bride and and Christ himself portrayed in the sacrifice, the high priest and all these different elements that are that are shown in there that there's a m there's music that's ordained as part of that. So, if I could just show you how that music is so closely associated with that precious symbolism in the Old Testament and the way that God commanded them to worship, you'll see why how important it is to us, how important it is to God, but then also how much Satan would like to take it for his own. In 1st Chronicles 15:16, and David spake to the chief of the Levites to appoint their brethren, so Levites, Levites are appointed to be singers with instruments of music, sulties, and harps and symbols sounding by lifting up the voice with joy. So it's the Levites who are appointed to be the song leaders and the musicians. They're the ones that are going to play instruments. They're the ones that are going to be singing together, and they would work to harmonize. I know in my experience, I could be wrong about this, but to me, the best harmony most often is within families. It's just I don't know if it's the time to practice or just their certain tone and the resonance that they have that they just can harmonize and have really tight harmony and vary beautifully. And here you see Levites, brethren of the same tribe are going to be the ones who play the instruments and going to be the ones who sing. Not that they would be the only ones, but they would be leaders in that. In 2 Chronicles 25:es 1:7, I'll just maybe uh jump through here for time sake. It says 1 Chronicles 25:es 1-7. Moreover, David and the captains of the host separated to the servants of the sons of Asaf and of Hean and of Jedithan, who should prophesy with harps, with sultreies, with symbols, and the number the workmen according to their service was. And then it's going to list these workmen. But now in this ordaining these captains, David and the captains of the host separated to the service of the sons of Asaf and these and these ones that they would prophesy with harp sultry symbols and these workmen with these instruments now are going to be elicited in these next few verses. And it gives these it says which prophesied according to the order of the king. What was the order? They would prophesy with harps, sulties and symbols. It says, "And they prophesied with a harp to give thanks and to praise the Lord." All these were the sons of him and the king seer in the words of God to lift up the horn. You catch what's happening that the Levites part in ministry included music and and it's now not just music, but it's even being associated with prophecy with an oracle from God. It's been associated with uh with things related to God. All these were lifting up the words of God with the horn and all these were under the hands of their father for song in the house of the Lord with symbols sulties harps for the service of the house of God. Verse 7 it says so the number of them with their brethren that were instructed in the songs of the Lord even all that were cunning was 20 for score in 8. 288 skilled musicians. We're not even halfway there yet church. 288 skilled musicians trained and organized into 24 divisions. And so these Levites through music had a part in prophetic ministry, not just musicians. This wasn't a a get together. They're just going to jam. And and it wasn't the Levitical Garage Band. And they weren't producing bides and mixtapz. These they had a specific use. They were not just musicians, but now they have this part in even it seems to be and I don't fully quite understand how it would how it was used, but it's they had this part in the Bible says prophesying according to their calling. They would prophesy with these instruments. They would prophesy with a harp to give thanks and praise to the Lord. Seers in the word of God to lift up the horn. Musical worship is ordained by God. It's not just uh something that you're gifted in or something that's just innate alone. It's not a creation of the human or human tradition. It's not ordained by God uh because man has a tendency to it, but it's ordained solely by God because he loves it. It's something part of him. It's not man or culture that has spawned it. In 2 Chronicles 29:es 25-30. And he set the Levites in the house of the Lord with symbols, with sulties, and with harps, according to the commandment of David, and of Gad the king seer, and Nathan the prophet. For so was the commandment of the Lord by his prophets. What is that Levites in the house of the Lord would have music? And I know you're all asking right now. You, this, you've been thinking this over and over again. What does brother Aaron play? How could he even be up there if he can't play an instrument? Well, not all Levites were called to the priesthood. No, that's not where I was going to go with that. I can I can strum a guitar a little bit. Strummer boy is what they called me. There is in the Levitical calling, a calling to music, symbols, sultry with harps. says, "And Levite stood with the instruments of David and the priest with the trumpets." I did play the trumpet uh in middle school, too. Says, "And Hezekiah commanded to offer the burnt offering upon the altar. And when the burnt offering began, the song of the Lord began also with the trumpets and with the instruments ordained by David, king of Israel." Over and over again, this ordination to the singing. It's a component of worship. Now, in this great moment, the Levites and the house of the Lord gather their instruments. The worship the the offering begins to come forth by the prophet's command. A and the and these things are happening and the Lord is worshiped the song of the Lord with the trumpets with the instruments and all the congregation worshiped. Verse 28 very important here verse 20. And all the congregation worshiped and the singer sang and the trumpeters sounded in this tabernacle in this worship. They all participated and all this continued until the burnt offering was finished. And when they had made an end of an end of offering, the king and all that were present with him bowed themselves and worshiped. Moreover, Hezekiah the king and the princes commanded the Levites to sing praise unto the Lord with the words of David and of Asaf the seer. And they sang praises with gladness and they bowed their heads and worshiped. What a awesome picture here in this moment of praise. The Levites stood with those things that they were commanded to stand with. As David had appointed them, brethren of the Levites, to be singers and to be players of instruments. Now, we can see in this setting that as the sacrifice is being offered, they sing the song of the Lord. There's trumpets being played. All these instruments ordained by David and all the congregation worships and all the singers sang and the trumpeters sounded. So you had those on their instruments, you had ones singing as leaders, and then you had everyone that joined in together and they sang praises with gladness. They bowed their heads and worshiped. This is Israel's part of Israel's god orained service to the one true God. So my last thought before we close or before we get to my close, and I'm not trying to be cryptic with that. I just have a statement from birth painans I'd like to read in close, but I want to just sum up some of these things looking specifically here at Israel. But even in the restoration of the temple, music is present. It's part of full redemption. If we see music at the time the seals are open, we see music at the time of the 144,000 praying. We see music in Revelations 15. We see music at these different junctures. And God says, "Even in the beginning when I created, there was singing, there was rejoicing." God has is the creator of music, the creator of instruments, he himself uh having harps, he himself singing and full redemption includes the restoration of music. In Nehemiah 12 27 28 and 29 and at the dedication of the wall of Jerusalem they sought the Levites out of all their places. Why? Because the Levites, those brethren had not only been ordained, part of them ordained to the priesthood to offer up physical sacrifices of blood a and to maintain the temple, but they also were part of the worship in playing instruments and singing. So they sought out the Levites who were called to that to bring them to Jerusalem to keep the dedication with gladness, both with thanksgivings and with singing, with symbols, sultries, and with harps. And the sons of the singers gathered themselves together. They were in the lineage. They were in that calling both out of the plain country round about Jerusalem and from the villages uh Netafati and also from the house of Gilgal and out of the fields of Gea and Azmth. For the singers had builded them villages round about Jerusalem. They were the singers. They were close by. They were called the singers because they were part of that Levitical line who were called to singing, to playing instruments. And now as they have built the wall, they're calling them together to sing. Later on in that chapter and at the first and at that time were some appointed over the chambers of the treasures for the offerings for the first fruits and for the tithes to gather into them out of the fields of the cities the portions of the law for the priests and Levites. for Judah rejoiced for the priest and for the Levites that waited. So again, this is the Levites inheritance and their portion was through this giving. And both the singers and the porters kept the ward of their God, their calling, their office, and the ward of the purification according to the commandment of David and of Solomon his son. The singers are part of this, these instrument players. In the days of David and Asaf of old, there were chief of the singers in songs of praise and thanksgiving unto God. They're hearkening back to this initiation, this beginning when God ordained these offices and these parts. And all Israel in the days of Zerubel in the days of Nehemiah gave the portions of the singers and the porters every day his portion. So this is their giving to sustain this. And they sanctified holy things in the Levites and the Levites sanctified them under the children of Aaron because see even when God is going to build back the temple the part of that even before they get to this full restoration they begin to bring back the singers bring back those that play instruments. They didn't view it as well if we could just if we could just uh maybe sacrifice the lamb on the grounds. They wanted to get everything restored. They get wanted to get everything built up. And part of that was bringing the singers, the musicians, the players back to the temple. This is all part of the world of music. Now, I want to read a statement. Uh it was it's in a book. It's been translated out of the original tongue. It's a it's a fictional account of this dialogue between the king of the Khazars. It's a a region in Asia and a rabbi. And it's a kind of an exposition of medieval Jewish philosophy. Some view it as a defense of Judaism. It's the Kitbat Alcazari. And in it, the king Al Khazari is in speaking with this rabbi, he says, I perceive that your law comprises all sorts of profound and strange scientist sciences not to be found in other codes. All right. It's it was it's a good question. As I've been reading in that book, there's a lot of really interesting rich stuff. He says, "I perceive that your law to a Jew, his law is very precious, ordained by God, included a lot of profound and even different unique sciences not found in other codes or laws." And so, it's kind of provoking this rabbi to speak in particular about their law and their codes. And I I may I may use it on on Wednesday or maybe next Sunday. There's he begins to talk about their different sciences and what they're versed in and how it was necessary in order to keep the law. He even speaks about the diversity of seeds. You had to know what was which so you didn't transgress in the law. So that it's through that there became a lot of knowledge and uh the seeking of knowledge. But then he comes to this part and the rabbi says and I have it quoted here. Music was the pride of a nation which distributed their songs in such a way that they fell to the lot of the aristocracy of the people the Levites who made practical use of them in the holy house in the holy season. So in this view and though we could say well this is just a this is a book that was written it's a fictional account but yet you could see in a lot of these things and this would be this this attitude and this thought that it's the music is the pride of the nation. I think there's even a a sound today that we would say is a Hebrew sound. There's a certain arrangement maybe even to music that we might associate with Israel. But music was the pride of the nation. And it was such a pride of the nation to where it wasn't there was this and it's not necessarily exclusive, but they entrusted this special class of people, the Levites, to use it properly in the house of the Lord. And during the holy season, music was a special thing. It was the pride of the nation. There might be certain family recipes that you don't mess with. And someone says, "Well, I I made goulash." and they come to find out that it's noodles and and tomato sauce and like that that no, you can't do that. That's blasphemy or stuffing with cornbread or whatever it might be. There's certain sanct sanctified things or sacred things within family tradition that you want to keep this a certain way. This is the way that it is. Well, in a similar sense, music was sacred to Israel. It was the pride of the nation. They had songs. They had hymns. They could sing them together. One could just begin to sing and then another would fall in with them. And it might not even have words that you could understand, but yet to them they knew what it hearkened to. Oh, that's the song of this deliverance. That's the song of this. Music was the pride of a nation. And I close with this statement. And I I encourage you to go into the message of the hour and and maybe go and read this, listen to this sermon, the schol at the beginning of 64. Excellent uh to look at. There's some things just even prior to that. A lot of a lot of ways that brother Brandham in uh in the message of the hour is talking about music. But listen to this. And I have a few things summarized here kind of maybe in my own words, but this is what I'm wanting to draw off of this. He says he's speaking about that moment when he had and he goes into more detail in the summer of 64 in this what we call the preview of the bride and the bride will come in preview and he sees the church then there's a succession of other church he says the bride and there's this discouragement on brother Brandham's part and he says the bride will come into view again and he says I was to have a preview of the church this is very familiar there's a lot of things that we can bring out of this and really love and enjoy but like I said throughout this I'm zeroing in on one particular component so we can just say ah Yeah, that's there. I was to have a preview of the church and I was taken by someone who I could not see and was set up on a stand and I heard the sweetest music I ever heard. And I looked coming and a bunch of little ladies looked to be oh some age around 20, 18, 20 and they all had long hair and were fixed in different dresses, different types of dresses. So what was that? That national garb that different nationality. So they had maintained maybe some uniqueness to how they looked and he could identify by the way that they dressed where they were from but there notice it's music that introduces them. He says and they were marching just as perfectly in step with that music as it could be. So there's music that introduces them. It's music that they're walking to. They're perfectly in step with that. And they went from my left going around this way. And I watched them and I looked then to see who was talking to me and I couldn't see no one. You catching this now? The bride that comes forth is identified with music. Introduced with music and he says it's the sweetest music. Over and over again you'll find when brother Brandham is calling for even at the end of a service in a prayer line he says play sweetly sweet music. And he said let I heard the sweetest music I ever heard. They're marching perfectly in step with that music. This is a main main theme for me. I want you to see this. The bride walking in step with the music. And he said as they went, they went and he said he watched them go by. Then I heard a rock and roll band coming. Notice music. First he hears music, then he sees the bride. Now he first hears music. And when I looked over to my right side, coming up this way, coming back here from the churches of the world, each one carrying their banner from where they were from, some of the dirtiest looking things I've ever seen in my life. And when the American church come up, it was the awst I'd ever seen. Heavenly Father's my judge. They had on those tattletail gray skirts like one of them barroom girls with no back on it up here holding up like a gray looking piece of paper and like a hoola dancing paint short bobbed hair smoking cigarettes and twisting as they walked to rock and roll. I hope you can catch the symbolism. Okay, you see the picture, brother's seeing this in a literal vision. And the vision is not just playing out in the sense that he sees things and it's imagery, but now there's music to it. It has a theme to it. It has a sound. It has a score. And he hears sweet music and he the sweet music. As he looks, he sees a holy group of people coming, the bride marching perfectly step with that music. And then when the scene changes, he first hears rock and roll and then it introduces and it brings forth, he says, the dirtiest looking things he's ever seen in his life. And they were twisting and moving to that rock and roll. It's not just a challenge to be on beat. You got to you want to be on the right beat. In other words, it's there's a certain rhythm to the word of God. There's a certain sound. There's a certain climax to it. something that God's trying to accomplish. And you can't just take you can't just have music a as the place of the music that God desires. You can't just have church to say that we had church. It's something important. M music is a very important thing. All of you might, some I say all of you, some of you might have your jam, right? Your hype song, particular song you really like. You have your favorite songs. You have your top 10. You have uh you have your playlist for work. You have your playlist for working out. Is anybody listen? I mean, it's it's 11:33. I've read some real bangers. I've I've dropped some really really good stuff today, and I just haven't really gotten a lot of amen. So, I don't know. I'm trying to find a like, yes. Yes. I've got a workout playlist. You know, maybe just one amen, but you know, who knows? Maybe none of us subscribe to Spotify Premium and we can't stand the commercials. Let's stand to our feet. I'm done. And I get an amen. Amen. Musicians, as you come, play skillfully today. With God's help, we will continue to explore the themes of music. I am not going to endeavor to elicit a playlist or a certain meter or rhythm or style that you ought to adhere to. I think if there's if there's a takeaway from this today, you'll find that music can be totally and completely God. and music can be totally and completely the devil and that there's there can be such a an overlap and such a gray area and really what we need according to the message of the hour is the Holy Ghost because if we could just use a phrase to describe the kind of music that motivates the world we could say rock and roll and whatever that might be there's even even amongst musical uh historians and academics and musicians there's an argument as to where it started and what it is purely. So, leave that to the academics if we could just say as a phrase, there's a rock and roll that is the sound of the world. And then there's a a music that resonates with God. That's a it's pleasing to the Lord. [Music] And brother Ram says, "Rock and roll music will catch if you don't have the Holy Ghost, it'll catch your attention that quick." So, what is it we need? We need the Holy Ghost. We need the Holy Ghost to navigate the minefield of music. You don't need someone to sit there and tell you, well, it's only songs sung by brother Brandham between these years. Like, we know this is when Leodysia ended and this is when the bride age began. So, you can only sing songs that he sang during this time because he gave his uh explicit approval to them. I mean, that's you're just going to you're going to drive yourself crazy. What we need is the Holy Ghost to navigate these things. Song leaders and musicians, they should take their lives seriously, their sanctification. a a pastor even in his and how that he works together with the song leaders and musicians for the song service and the songs we sing. We should take these things seriously because God loves it and we want it to be sweetness to him. Let's let's pray today. Our gracious heavenly father, we thank you for the preservation of the word of God. This Bible so complete covering so many things that we could take a study of music even in the context of human history and we could use only scripture and build a great knowledge of music. And Lord, we could see that music was there with you in the beginning in a pure form. That even when you created Lucifer, this star, he had musical instruments associated with him in his creation within his skills and talents. And there was worship in heaven. But after the fall, Lord, we see that it's the the seed of Cain. They begin to develop and cultivate musical culture and fashion instruments. We see it featured prominently in heathen worship and in Babylonian worship. But yet, Lord, you never did forsake it. For we find music present in the deliverance of Israel. We find music in the establishment of worship in Israel. We find that you have harps. We find that you sing. We find that when you redeem, when you build again, you will build us with instruments. And father, in the end, we sing singing and we worship and praise. Even in the eternities where the seraraphim sing, it's an endless chorus. I pray, Father, that you could help us in this greater spiritual sense that I'm pointing to. Lord, be that bride who's in step with your word. And we use this concept of music maybe to understand better what it is you're doing in this hour in arranging and composing and directing. May we endeavor to know the sheet music. May we pray for revelation to know our turn and our part. And also Lord, as an extension of this, may we use music appropriately. Lord, I I don't believe that there's I believe that we have to be very very careful with the overt [Music] separate and secular worldly music that's out there. [Music] Lord, there's musicians and artists and themes and genres, Lord, that we could put under this banner of Leodysian, a Leodysian score. Lord, may we not be seduced into the melodies of the world to take on its maladies because of tick tocks and soundtracks. Just take inventory, Lord, of our lives and our hearts. keep our hearts clean and pure because it does water our soul. These musicians and these artists, Lord, it waters our soul. Help us, I pray. I ask all this in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
