################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-08 - Another Garden of Eden - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-08
Title:   Another Garden of Eden
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zjExHJ2FbVg
========================================

Description:
Another Garden of Eden
Wednesday Service: October 8, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
James chapter 5, we'll read verses 1 to8. Go to now, ye rich men. Weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you. Wow, he's just uh that's interesting. Kind of really hard right in your face. For the rich men, weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you. Your riches are corrupted, and your garments are moth eaten. Your gold and silver is cankered, and the rest of them shall be a witness against you, and shall eat your flesh as it were fire. you have heaped treasure together for the last days. And and so you can see he's uh rebuking the rich and even those who with their riches do not do well. He says, "Behold, the hire of the labors who have reaped down your fields, which is of you kept back by fraud, crith, and the cries of them which have reaped for reap are entered into the ears of the Lord of the Sabbath. Ye have lived in pleasure on the earth and been wanting. Ye have nourished your hearts as in the day of slaughter. You've condemned and killed the just, and he doth not resist. Be patient, therefore, brethren, unto the coming of the Lord. Behold, the husband and waited for the precious fruit of the earth, and hath long patience for it, until he received the early and latter rain. Be ye patient, establish your hearts, for the coming of the Lord drawth nigh. Amen. You can be seated. I'll give you my title very quickly and then I'll just jump right into a quick recap of Sunday morning and then uh get further back into this subject. But I'm just using the title today, another garden of Eden. And we are familiar with the original garden of Eden. I'm implying that there is another one uh that is coming forth at least in type as we see these different truths in the Bible even being expressed spiritually now. So that's my title. But on Sunday, we used this scripture in Ecclesiastes chapter 3:1. Uh, Brother Phillip singing that song, Solomon concluded all his vanity. We've been looking at the different complaints that the preacher had in Ecclesiastes. Solomon being the writer, and he says, I've seen all of man's labor under the sun, and it's just all vanity and vexation because no matter how rich he is, how wise he is, there's this leveler called death. Um, there's nothing that a man enjoys after death that he accumulates in this life. And so there's this real frustration uh that he sees in this vanity in the world and he's closing the door to everything but faith because he concludes there's no in the end of all of this I see there's nothing better than to fear God. This is the duty of man to fear God to reverence him to have faith in God and to keep his commandments. But right in the middle of all these uh observations he's making he says heath made everything beautiful in his time. That's the nature of God as a creator is he has a process where he brings forth something beautiful. Also, he hath set the world in their heart. We saw in different translations I believe even in the amplified Bible it says he hath planted eternity in man's heart. And I I think that it's a truth that we believe in and I want you to see it in the scripture here if we could that he has set the world but that word there even implies a an eternity in our hearts a divine purpose. So in mankind there is a thirst, there's a hunger, this this longing of the soul that only God can satisfy. And that's why James castigates the rich man because he trusts in his wealth and he thinks through gaining things he can find rest. But truly the soul of man is only going to be satisfied by eternal things and by the word of God. So God having planted eternity in our souls, we have a duty to the title we used on Sunday is the planting of eternity. We have a duty to this. We used last Wednesday a responsibility of being what we are now and what we're becoming. And this is a divine trust that's given to each one of us. So we have a responsibility to cultivate to care for and look after and protect things that God has given us. If you have eternal life, we want to express that eternal life. If you have gifts and talents, even as a an artist or someone that would sing or write songs, whatever those talents may be, you have a responsibility to those gifts that God has given you naturally to see that you employ them skillfully to bring him glory. We could say according to the word of God, the seed of eternity is planted into God's children. The seed having been planted in the hearts of God's children, we're called individually to serve that germ of eternal life. If it's in us, we want to live a life that honors that. We want to believe that we're raising children that offer have that in them. So we're made in this image of God. A man uh made in the image God was given a divine purpose to care for and to cultivate life. These are things that we are wanting to touch on Sunday. So in this subject of another Garden of Eden, let's look at Genesis 2:8. And I'd like to ask you to consider what are you planting and also what are you growing or cultivating. Says, "And the Lord God planted a garden eastward in Eden." That's why we call it the garden of Eden. God planted a garden eastward in Eden and there he put the man whom he had formed. So now he has established an enclosure. You read in further in these verses you find that there was trees and plants and flowers and fruit. This was the garden of God's delight. In the Persian it means a king's garden. And I want to use this phrase. I hope it doesn't stumble anybody. I'm not trivializing God nor am I trying to elevate a green thumb to the status of a deity. But God was the first gardener. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He plants a garden eastward in Eden. And there he put the man to what? To till the soil. Put the man there to dress it and keep it. So man is placed in the garden to do the same. To be a gardener. And gardening, if you ever studied this, and I'm just curious here, how many people have been studying the Wikipedia entry of gardening this past week? But gardening, gardening is not just throwing seeds in the ground, but it's the laying out of and the care of the plot of ground that's devoted to growing plants. And it requires the right arrangement of plants. I can remember times in my life when flowers have been planted and things have been shoved into flower gardens a and someone comes along and looks at says, "You can't do that." Like, "Well, why not? They all fit." It's like, "Well, as they begin to grow, it's just going to get crowded over and it's going to look just like a hodgepodge." and this one isn't going to survive because this one's going to grow faster and block the sunlight and that one doesn't belong in Texas and this one can't survive this. And you realize, oh, I thought they were just seeds and we had a lot of soil here and and you just plant them. But you have to give thought to harmoniously arrange plants to each other, put them in the right kind of ground with the proper conditions and environment and then you just don't plant the seed and cross your fingers it comes up, but there's a cultivation that goes with it. And so gardening is even considered an art form. And that may not be a surprise to you. They have competitions in gardening. And I don't know when it'll make our Olympics, but we may be on our way there. Maybe with the more woke we get, we'll have the gardening Olympics. But it there's a creative process that goes with it. Even with gardening, there's this emotional resonance to those who uh do it. There's skill required in gardening. uh even in I think it was in the Renaissance period that gardening began to view be viewed as you know more than just cultivating land to have uh produce so you can eat but it's a place of enjoyment it was a place of respite or relaxation and so it was took on this meaning of an art form and gardening is not like other forms of art as we've been looking at it this year using that subject but in the in gardening that you're partnering with nature a life something living to to nurture a living organism to bring it to fruit so it's something I believe that akin to the nature of God who planted a garden. And Adam and the woman were placed in this garden of Eden. The scripture says to dress it, to keep it, and to also enjoy it. And I think that maybe is that what's at the heart of what I'm wanting to express tonight. If you could just remember that they were to dress it, to keep it, but not just to labor in it and sweat and figure this out and figure that out, but they were also to enjoy it. And so I'll say this to us uh as something relevant. We're not just looking at historically, but the bride's been placed on the earth to dress, to keep, and enjoy this planting of the Lord. A child of God is put on earth to look after, to care for, and enjoy the fruits of this planting of eternity that's been put into our hearts &gt;&gt; individually. I could say that you are a garden of Eden. You there's a planting of God in your heart, a part of divine, a divine purpose that's swn into you. Spiritually, we're being restored to an Eden condition. And so there's something that you individually embody because there's a germ of life inside of you that God wants to quicken and bring to life and bring forth the fruits of the spirit in your life. And then there's even this collective view of the body of Christ. Even in the Hebrew, the the term and the phrase for garden is figurative of a wife. That when the Lord planted a garden eastward in Eden, he was foreshadowing his body, his bride, that this was going to be something of his planting. And so we see a garden as the soil being like a womb where whatever seed is sewn it produces. &gt;&gt; And so that's what uh what we have something we look at ourselves as being as we are uh whatever seed is sown it's going to pre bring it forth &gt;&gt; something to think of a as men our wives are made that whatever seed you sew they're going to bring forth. So if you sow harshness and bitterness and jealousy and all sorts of things then you're just going to get that out of your garden. And so God has these laws. He's not mocked. It's the laws of reproduction and the harvest that whatever we reap for better or for worse is what we've already planted. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; What we plant, we will reap. We will reap what we have planted. Again, just another look at this scripture in 1 Corinthians 3 6-9. Paul says, "I have planted, Apollos watered, but God gave the increase." So, you could see that there's instances where someone does the labor of planting the seed. Another may do the labor of watering, but it's God that's in all this. So then neither is he that planteth anything, neither he that waterth, but God that giveth the increase. Then he says, "Now he that plantth and he that waterth are one." So there's this common labor, this common goal, and every man shall receive his own reward according to his own labor. This is where I was wanting to focus specifically. We are labors together with God. Ye are God's husbandry. You are God's building. Even if we looked at it in the sense of Paul and Apollos, Paul saying, "I've planted, Apollos watered, but it's God who brings the yield." And we as ministers are serving God's seed. We're serving this garden of God. So, we are co-labors together with God. God being a gardener, being a planter, being a husbandman, being a keeper and dresser of a vineyard. We saw those different scriptures on Sunday, how God looked at Israel as his vine. This planting that he looks after, that he'll water, that he'll keep, watch over night and day. And so he says, "You are God's vineyard, husbandry. You are God's garden." And then God's building is just another type of what God is doing in you. He's building these things up. I want to put us in the same uh category as Paul and Apollos says being co-abors together with God in his garden. That he just doesn't indiscriminately throw seed out there and he's just hoping it into the wind. God says that we shouldn't do that that neither has he done it. and he has swn seed and then given us care over how that will grow. Now, in James chapter 5, I'd like to jump in the middle of it to verse four, but if we could just recap as we've been reading this, he James has been dealing with different things. He's warned against worldliness. He's admonishing the believer to be humble. And then we see he begins to censor uh the rich and he really lets them have it there in the first few verses. Then in verse four, he is uh expressing these different sins that are worthy of God's wrath. This first one here is this injustice to laborers. Behold, the hire of the laborers who have reaped down your fields, which is of you kept back by fraud, crith. So the the rich men have hired people to work and labor in the field, and they are due a reward. And he says, you've kept it back by deceit or by fraud. You haven't given them what they're due. And he says, and the cries of them which have reaped are entered into the ears of the Lord of the Sabbath. So the Lord of Sabbath. So he's saying that even to God, this is an injustice to God. You've defrauded them. And there's this injustice of withholding what one is owed when they have labored and worked in this in reaping. As he says, they have reaped down your fields and their cries have come to the Lord of Sabbath because you owed them something. instead of getting into the the laws and the Levitical laws and even in Deuteronomy, but you could see in the Old Testament when someone labored in your field, you gave them some of that portion of their labor as a reward for them working. So there's something that I want you to take from here is that is when one labors in a field, there's something due them. Even if it's not their field, &gt;&gt; even if they've been hired to reap and they've been hired to labor, to not pay them or to not let them enjoy the fruits of that labor being directly connected with what they're harvesting. Do you realize that even in the law there was this uh social consideration given and we might we might have different terms uh for it. Uh but there was welfare that was given to the poor that when you gleaned your fields and you harvested the field, you didn't cut the you kind of left a little bit in the corners and you didn't pick everything up because then the poor who didn't have fields who didn't own land could come and begin to glean and pick up these different things and have some fruit of the field to live by. &gt;&gt; Here it's saying that when one works and labors in a field there do some of the fruits of those field. Proverbs chapter 27:18, "Who so keepeth the fig tree shall eat the fruit thereof." So he that waiteth on his master shall be honored. So this is how the master, the owner of the vineyard uh honors the laborer by letting them eat or partake of the fruit that they're harvesting. They don't keep 100% because that wouldn't wouldn't be worth it to the master to hire somebody who's going to keep all of it. But he allows them to eat the fruit thereof. He that keeps the fig tree. He may not have been the one that planted it. May not be the one that owns it, but he looks out after it. Looks out after the fruits of it. He is allowed to eat the fruit thereof. This keeper, this steward. So, what I want you to catch tonight, he has a right to enjoy the fruits of the field that he's laboring in. &gt;&gt; And as James is dealing with these sins that are worthy of God's wrath, we see this injustice to labors. Then next couple verses, he's going to talk about those who's just are self-indulgent, even those that oppress the righteous. And he says in verse 5, you've lived in pleasure on the earth and been wanting. You've been negligent. You've been reckless. You've nourished your hearts as in a day of slaughter. So notice how there is this self-centeredness, selfishness, sewing to the flesh. That's that self-indulgence. And you've condemned and killed the just. This is the oppression of the righteous. And he doth not resist you. So they've been uh unfair and unrighteous. Then I believe he's kind of changing his uh uh audience because he's there. He's kind of rebuking the rich. He says, "Be patient, therefore, brethren, unto the coming of the Lord." But he still uses this theme of the husbandman and the vine. Behold, the husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth and hath long patience for it until he received the early and latter rain. So now he's still in that theme of one that works and labors in a field should enjoy uh the fruits of that field. And now he's saying not just one who would labor for the rich who own the field, but now there is one who's actually uh God is the husbandman who's waiting for this precious fruit of the earth and he waits a long time for it until he received the early and latter rain. It's an illusion to the fact that in to the Jews they received usually just two rains. They received the early rain at the time of the planting and a rain later at the time of the harvest. So he says, "Be ye also patient. Establish your hearts for the coming of the Lord drawth nigh. And what is he looking for? He's looking for fruit. &gt;&gt; As he says that the husband waits for the precious fruit of the earth and he waits long for it. There's a considerable amount of time between the sewing of seed and that ripening of the fruit. So what happens? The husbandman waits. He waits for that to come. The goal of planting seed is to enjoy the fruits of that seed. You plant and keep and water and cultivate. The husbandman waits a long time to enjoy the fruits of the earth. And the Bible here calls it precious fruit of the earth. Why is it precious? Because the benefit it gives to both man and beast. The benefit it gives to the labor. He sws even grain. And what does he eat? Eats bread. And so it's the precious fruit of the earth. Because though he labors and toils and waits long for it, he enjoys the fruits of it. And in partaking of it, it's precious. Amen. &gt;&gt; 1 Corinthians chapter 9:7 it says, "Who goeth a warfare any time at his own charges?" We could say these seem to be rhetorical questions where the answer is obvious. He says, "Who planteth a vineyard and eateth not of the fruit thereof?" In other words, who would plant a vineyard and it would grow fruit and not partake in it? &gt;&gt; Or who feedth a flock and eateth not of the milk of the flock? See, it's only right that one that would tend to the flock would enjoy the milk of that flock. It's only right that one that would be a planter and one who plants a vineyard would not eat that they would enjoy the garden that they planted. I would say that anybody who's labored and tried uh maybe here in Phoenix, I can remember my brother gave me a a citrus tree and and the goal was that it would grow citrus fruit, not so that it looked beautiful on a tree so that you could eat it. Maybe some hand fruit and and the one that he gave me didn't last very long. That's on me. But the goal would be to plant it, water it, keep it so that one day you could eat the fruit of that tree. That's why you look after it. And that's why when you get a tree, sometimes you don't know, I don't know if this is the kind that does this. I don't know if I'm going to get olives. I don't know if I'm going to get fruit from this tree. But that's the reason why you would plant something, a fruit tree, is to enjoy the fruits of it. He that plants fruit plants a tree should enjoy the fruits of that tree. In Deuteronomy 20, when it's talking about the exclusions to war and these different things, it says, "And what man is he that hath planted a vineyard and hath not yet eaten of it? let him also go and return into his house, lest he die in the battle and another man eat of it. That may seem to be trivial, but the Bible is saying that if a man plants a vineyard and the time has not yet come where he can finally in that year enjoy and eat of it, saying that man is able and allowed in that year to go back and leave war and eat the fruit of his field, lest this horrific thing of him dying and a stranger enjoy it and he has never enjoyed it. So he's saying it's unjust for a man to die before enjoying the fruits of his labor. &gt;&gt; This should speak to us in the way that we begin to understand that God is saying that he that keeps a fig tree should eat the figs of that tree. Even if he doesn't own it, he's the keeper of it. And there that by the owner uh honors the laborer by letting him eat of that fruit because the the the husband waits for the precious fruit of that which he planted. It's only right that he that plants a vineyard should eat the fruit thereof. And a man who plants a vineyard and he goes out to war, if he hasn't eaten of that vineyard, if that time and that year comes when he ought to partake in it and it's a year that's for him and it's not to be given away or to be storless he die in battle, let him leave war to go back and eat of the fruit of the vine. I think that's pretty remarkable. What I'm trying to emphasize to you is that if there's if there's fruit to be had and you have any part in that process, it's all right as believers to enjoy the fruits. &gt;&gt; I want to cover several scriptures and doing so just glean uh from them this principle of planting to enjoy fruit or enjoying that which we labor over. And I think that it'll probably go by pretty quickly tonight. and making no promises. I think it should go by pretty quickly because I just want to kind of go through this very uh in a way very surfacy just to see these teachings. In Mark 12:es 1 to 12 and he began to speak unto them by parables and this is the parable that he expresses. A certain man planted a vineyard and set an hedge about it and digged a place for the wine fat and built a tower and led it out to husbandmen and went into a far country. Now, what's covered in just a few statements here cannot be overlooked. But he plants a vineyard. He builds hedges around it, digs a place for the pressing, and builds a tower to watch out over it. That's a lot of work. &gt;&gt; I want you to catch this. A lot of work that goes into planting a vineyard. A lot of different ancillary things that relate to this so that it can be successful. And he gives it to tenants as some of the Bibles will say. This is a parable of tenants. says, "And at the season he because he lets it out to husband men and at the season," this is the time of a harvest time where there's been this the wine perhaps is being made. He sent to the husband of a servant that he might receive from the husband men of the fruit of the vine. The husbandman is the one there keeping it. The owner certain man planted a vineyard. He planted it. He's made all the arrangements. Now he's let someone keep it who's called the husbandman. But now the owner, the planter, wants to enjoy the fruits of it. There's one there who's laboring for it, but he wants the fruit since he planted it. Sends a servant to get it. They caught him and beat him and sent him away empty. And again he sent unto them another servant. And at him they cast stones and wounded him in the head and sent him away shamefully handled. And again he sent another and him they killed and many others beating some and killing some. Pretty violent husbandmen. These are violent tenants. These are worse than squatters. having yet therefore one son, his well-beloved. He sent him also last unto them, saying, They will reverence my son. But those husbandmen said among themselves, "This is the heir. Come, let us kill him, and the inheritance shall be ours." If I could point one thing out, I'm not wanting to use this as my main point, but notice one man planted a vineyard. Others were given responsibility over it, and now they're being unfaithful to what they've been given. &gt;&gt; Want to claim it as their own. They want to disregard the servants of the one who uh uh God is sending or the planter is sending to them to instruct them and they want to enjoy everything without accountability even rejecting the son Jesus Christ. So there's this image of Israel in this no question. But then so there's this responsibility also we could see that if we haven't planted it but we're given responsibility over it. We have a responsibility to him that planted it. &gt;&gt; And they took him and killed the son and cast him out of the vineyard. What shall therefore the lord of the vineyard do? And in some of the other readings, they answered said, "Oh, surely he's just going to destroy them all." And he says, "He will come and destroy the husband and will give the vineyard unto others. And have you not read the scripture? The stone which the builders rejected, he's become the head of the corner." This was the Lord's doing, and it is marvelous in your eyes, in our eyes. So, he's he's challenging them. And I I picked Mark because this is what the Mark writes, "And they sought to lay hold on him, but feared the people, for they knew that he had spoken the parable against them, and they left him. and went their way. They saw themselves or at least they felt pinned down by this parable that they having been given a responsibility have not been faithful with it. And they even wanted to lay hold on him to kill him even in the image of this parable that they will kill his son. A and they recognize this guilt or this consciousness that they are the ones who have been unfaithful. And this is Jesus is giving this image of Israel which was God's vineyard. He was a planting. They were this planting. Some look at this scripture that he hedged up Israel by the law. That he planted there even amongst them this wine press of Jerusalem. That the tower could even be seen as the temple. That God had done thing things in Israel and expected this fruitful bow, this fruitful harvest. But they had become unfaithful. And in this is there not only an image of Israel, but it's an image of the world. God created a beautiful world for us to live in and to enjoy. But what has happened to it? has become overcome with wickedness. It's the image of even the individual. But God plants expecting something from what he planted. And when he's not able to get back what he wants, there's consequences. We can see this here in the parable of the man who planted a vineyard. Seeing this from just a different perspective in John 15:es 1:9, Jesus says, "I am the true vine and my father is the husbandman." So now we even see God as being the one is the dresser, the keeper, the one who's looking out after it. Every branch in me that beareth not fruit, he taketh away. And every branch that beareth fruit, he purgeth it, that it may bring forth more fruit. So if you're being purged, praise the Lord. It means the potential for fruitfulness is there. &gt;&gt; Now you are clean through the word which I have spoken unto you. Abide in me and I in you. As the branch cannot bear fruit of itself except it abide in the vine, no more can ye except ye abide in me. So now this brings the individual into this that he is the vine, the father's the husbandman. But now you're a branch of the vine. Verse 5, I am the vine, ye are the branches. He that abideth in me and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit. For without me ye can do nothing. So the branch which ye are must abide in the vine in order to be fruitful. &gt;&gt; Amen. And if you're going to be fruitful, there's some purging. There's some pruning. There's some care that God gives to a fruitful branch so that it can bring forth or even to that vine and the branches of that vine so it can bring forth fruit. The vine is what furnishes the life or the energy to the branches to be fruitful. So without Christ, you can do nothing. Verse six, if a man abide not in me, he is cast forth as a branch and is withered. and men gather them and cast them in the fire and they're burned. An unfruitful branch is pruned and burned. But that fruitful branch, it's it's it wants to continue to be fruitful. He says, "If you abide in me and my words abide in you, you shall ask what you will and it shall be done unto you." Read this Sunday and how this glorification of the Lord herein is my father glorified that you bear much fruit. How is God glorified when we're fruitful? How is it that the Lord is honored when we're fruitful? Not just by the confession of our mouth. Not by putting a bumper sticker on our on our cars or maybe just by a decal that we like to wear, but there God is glorified when we bear. And I hope you caught this much fruit &gt;&gt; that we want our fruit to abound. We want it to grow more and more. This is how God is glorified that you bear much fruit. So shall you be my disciples. And the father hath loved me, so I have loved you. Continue ye in my love. So there's this uh commandment that we as the children of God must abide in the vine. The vine will give us energy and by that energy we can be fruitful branches because that's what glorifies the Lord. Because God as the father has planted a vine that brings forth branches and what does he expect? He expects fruit because the principle we're looking at in the scriptures that he that plants a vineyard and he that labors in a vineyard has a right to enjoy the fruits of that. So if there's if there's not the fruits aren't received in return, he's like, "Well, I didn't I didn't build this plant this grove just to get firewood, could have planted other trees that are good for firewood, right? I could have planted one that smells a little bit better, burns a little bit longer." He didn't do it just to have kindling. He planted it for fruit. &gt;&gt; Yes, &gt;&gt; there are those that we see in the scripture that are good for burning. &gt;&gt; We we see that in scripture. There's the hay, the wood, the stubble, all those things are going to be burned. But those things that are precious are going to be purified and purged because they're something precious to them. Luke 13 6 7 8 and n spake of also this parable. A certain man had a fig tree planted in his vineyard and he came and sought fruit thereon and found none. Now none of us read that and be like, well what a narcissist this guy is expecting food or figs from a fig tree. But he planted a fig tree in his vineyard and he wanted fruit from that and not finding it he said unto the dresser of his vineyard. So a man planted it but he has someone else caring for it. I hope you could see yourself in this too. And he says behold these three years I've come seeking fruit on this fig tree and find none. Cut it down. Why cometh it the ground? And he answering said this is the the dresser of the vineyard now. Lord, let it alone this year also till I shalt dig about it and dung it. And if it bear fruit well, and if not, then after that thou shalt cut it down. This is the kind of attitude that we ought to have to be a little bit long-suffering and patient to say, Lord, let me continue to work with this tree, this vineyard, this planting. I I don't want to be quick to judge it or condemn it, but let me dig about it. Let me dung it, fertilize it a little bit. let me see if there's something I could do to promote growth so that it can give and yield to you the figs that you're desiring to see. &gt;&gt; A man plants a fig tree in his vineyard. He hires somebody to take care of it and he comes expecting figs on that fig tree. Having not received them, he wants to cut it down and burn it because what else would it be good for? He says, "It's just taking up space in my garden." But here's the heart of a true uh dresser of the vineyard who knows the desire of the masters to see fruit. It's not just uh sympathy for the tree. He sees he knows the desire and the labor and the investment that the master has and he intervenes. He says, "Let's just work a little bit more." We see the image of Christ in that. We see the demand that God wants to see fruit. We see the intercession of CHRIST WHO SAYS, "HOLD ON. JUST GIVE IT A LITTLE BIT MORE TIME THAT it might be fruitful." And I hope that we can see an image of ourselves that God gives us the responsibility. And we want to take that responsibility seriously so that not just that we would see fruit but that we could also be partakers of the fruits thereof. in Isaiah 5:es 1-7. This is uh there a little bit more maybe weight to this one uh because it does um it does express some judgments. A lot I would say maybe just a lot here to really wrestle with um in terms of what is being represented. He says, "Now I will sing to my well-beloved the song of my beloved touching his vineyard." We read also in Isaiah on Sunday about that vineyard of red wine. My well-beloved hath the vineyard in a very fruitful hill. Remember these parables in Mark chapter 12, how he sends his well-beloved unto him, his son. So now these Jesus is drawing from these scriptural prophecies of their own prophets. So we can see this connection to these parables he's given. My wellbeloved hath the vineyard in a very fruitful hill. And he fenced it and gathered out the stones thereof and planted it with the choicest vine and built a tower in the midst of it and also made a wine press therein. Now what is that pattern after? Those parables of the tenants in ma Matthew and Mark and Luke wherein he set a hedge about it. He digged a place for the a wine press, built a tower, lent it out to a husbandman. So here he says that he gathered the stones out. cultivated the ground, got the stones out, built the fence, placed the uh planted the choicest vine, built the tower to watch out over it, and also made a wine press in order to get the the juice of that to press it to have wine. And he says, "And he looked that it should bring forth grapes." Why? Why would he do that? He's not being unreasonable. That's why he went through this work. There's uh I think that and I don't want to get lost in this, but I think this really challenges our mindset in this day and age where we're really about the the picture and not even so much the faithful process or even the the proof or the enjoyment of it, but we want it just to look good. And we'll achieve it by uh filters if we can. Even if it isn't really good, we'll just fake it so that everybody else thinks we made it. And here all this labor if you can't grow the actual fruit and it actually tastes good. I don't care how well it looks on Instagram. &gt;&gt; I'm not doing this for the views. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Changes the meaning of do it for the vine. In other words, do it right so you can enjoy the fruits of it. &gt;&gt; Gather the stones out. PLANT THE BEST seed for the choice is fine. BUILD A TOWER AND COME LOOKING FOR GRAPES. HE SAYS, "BUT IT BROUGHT FORTH WILD GRAPES." That shouldn't have happened. So he says now, "Oh inhabitants of Jerusalem," now you can see where his parable in Matthew 12 gives this image of Israel and Jerusalem and the temple. He says, 'Oh inhabitants of Jerusalem and men of Judah, judge, I pray you, between me and my vineyard. What could have been done more to my vineyard that I have not done in it? Rhetorical question. He did everything that you would want. Find the plot, fence it, take the stones out, plant, build a tower, watch over it, cultivate it, do what you need to. He says, "Wherefore, when I looked that it should bring forth grapes, brought forth wild, it brought forth wild grapes. Why? When I planted the choice vine, is it now yielding to me wild grapes?" Now, we might uh be able to gather from this, it had to get in there somehow, &gt;&gt; right? I want you to think about this maybe for on Sunday. this responsibility of not sewing the wrong kind of seed. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That then overtakes the field and now you no longer see fruits of the spirit. You see fruits of the flesh. &gt;&gt; Now you see the the Oh, you say, "Well, it's Isn't aren't A BUNCH OF WILD GRAPES JUST AS good as no grapes." I haven't kind of heard a similar proclamation, right? I'd rather have I'd rather have something wild than nothing at all. Well, God wants what he planted. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We don't want to. He's saying, "Well, I I PLANTED SOMETHING. I'M WANTING TO SEE I'M EXPECTING a yield from it. Ju don't bring to me your works &gt;&gt; and the yield of your own planting." And say, "Well, accept this as a substitute." He'll say, "Depart from me, ye that work iniquity." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So, he says, "And now go," and, this is the part that's really uh uh heavy. He says, "I will tell you what I will do to my vineyard. I will take away the heads thereof, and it shall be eaten up, and break down the wall thereof, and it shall be trotten down. And I will lay it waste. It shall not be pruned nor digged. But there shall come up briars and thorns. I also will also command the clouds that they rain not no rain upon it. There's the judgment judgment on the field, the planting that brought forth wild grapes when God was expecting fruitful grapes. Grapes that could be made into wine. And it gives this explanation. And I think even these things here tell us that the hedge is so that it's not eaten untimely. The wall is to keep it from being run over. The pruning, the digging is to keep the briars and thorns out. God sends the rain that it might grow. He says, "For the vineyard of the Lord of the hosts is the house of Israel and the men of Judah, his pleasant plant." See these beautiful these beautiful types in scripture. And he looked for judgment, but behold oppression. That's what James points out in James chapter 5. When you want to see righteousness and the treatment of the poor the right way, he looked for justice, judgment, discernment, but he saw oppression. He looked for righteousness, but behold, the cry, a cry of those that have been defrauded. When he wanted to see these peaceable fruits of righteousness, when he wanted TO SEE THIS UPRIGHT character and conduct, he didn't see it. Therefore, there's judgment upon the field because God, HE SAYS, "WHAT MORE COULD HAVE I DONE? WHAT MORE COULD HAVE I provided? But yet, I'm not getting the fruit that I should be getting from this." I believe these scriptures and just these few that we've covered there in these four different passages and these four different readings and especially this last one in Isaiah speak to us about the duty that we have as stewards over God's planting. Unless we just look at it solely as well the Lord's the one that plants alone. Let me just say that we are also have to give great care over what we're sewing and what we're planting. Just in our our our our last view here as we bring it to our closing thought, God established his garden in Eden or even this garden of Eden by his word. &gt;&gt; And by his word, these seeds were sown. And these seeds would bring forth, if you look in Genesis chapter 1, we'll read verses 11 and 12, they would bring forth fruit. And he gave the fruit of it to man for food &gt;&gt; to enjoy. Verse 11. And God said, "Let the earth bring forth grass, the herb yielding seed, and the fruit tree yielding fruit after his kind, whose seed is in itself after his kind, his seed is in itself." Grass and herb yielding seed after his kind, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was in itself after his kind, that seed that was in itself was would propagate again. You recognize that the fruit is the fleshly part around the seed. So the fruit is attractive. &gt;&gt; For what purpose? It's even for the purpose of reproduction. &gt;&gt; If the flesh doesn't have any use, you you may not want to plant the seed again. &gt;&gt; Well, I don't want that. That kills you if you eat it. Or maybe I'll plant it strategically so that when someone comes and tries to steal my grapes, they eat wild poison and they die. And so there's something to there's a utility to the flesh of the fruit even in nature that the flesh of the fruit is what causes uh uh birds and animals to go and they eat the flesh and what happens the seeds get scattered behind and what comes back planting it brings forth trees it brings forth fruit and God sees this process and he sees that it's good. I want you to just recognize this PR or what I'm wanting to express uh u is God brought forth an Eden by his word. &gt;&gt; In the sermon Satan's Eden, brother Bradom, catch that title, Satan's Eden. He said, "Having faith in all his word, his seeds, God brought a Eden of holiness, love, and eternal life." That's what God's Eden produced, holiness. It brought an Eden of holiness, love, understanding, perfection, and eternal life. That's what God produces. &gt;&gt; That that's the that's the measure of the thing that God wants to bring forth. And he says that's what God is planting his word, his seed. That's what his church will be at the end. It'll be the same thing. So when God planted a garden of Eden in the beginning, it was in Eden of holiness and Eden of righteousness. It was to bring forth fruit. He put man there to watch out over it. See, this is what happens. Each seed bringing after its kind. man was to be fruitful, multiply, replenish the earth, and subdue the earth and enjoy the fruits of that garden, not to delay its growth or remove its growth, but to enjoy the fruits thereof. And now God has planted again in a spiritual sense a garden of Eden &gt;&gt; by his word. And that's what you are in the end is to be a fruitful garden. &gt;&gt; But not this. I don't want this to be kind of a dark turn, but we're living in a wasteland far removed from the Eden that God planted. Yes, &gt;&gt; we're not in an Eden condition anymore where even in in the fall when man was banished, it's saying it's not going to yield like it used to. &gt;&gt; Ephesians chapter 2:es 1:3 speaking to those who've been elect to a new birth and you hath he quickened who were dead in trespasses and sin. When when in times past you walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now workketh in the children of disobedience, among whom whom also all we all had our conversation in times past in the lust of our flesh, fulfilling the desires of the flesh and of the mind, and were by nature the children of wrath, even as others. I if if I could point this out, you have been quickened to new life. That means there's a different nature. &gt;&gt; You're no longer uh under the same influence as that spirit that works on the children of disobedience. So now you had this you live this life in the lust of the flesh and you fulfilled the desires of the flesh and the mind because you had the nature that was given to you through a natural birth. But now having been born again, there's a new nature inside of you. YOU'VE BEEN QUICKENED NOW OUT OF YOUR sins and trespasses. There's new new creatures in Christ Jesus. And and that's the promise to those that are born again. But it says the course of this world according to the prince of the power of the air. Who is he talking about? Satan &gt;&gt; or as the young people say Satan. Now I think is what they say because I said it once and now I guess it's kind of a a thing. But there is that's who did it. The course of this world. It's the product of this unholy influence. The prince of the power of the air. the spirit that now works and children disobedience causing them to satisfy the desires of the flesh and the mind. So the course of this world, that's not the course of God's original planting. That's a deformed perverted course. In 2 Corinthians chapter 4:4, in whom the God of this world says that if the gospel be hid, it's hid to them that are lost is what he's saying. &gt;&gt; The lost in whom the God of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ who is in the image of God should shine unto them. He calls him the god of this world. Who is it? It's the devil who is the god of this evil age. &gt;&gt; Is the devil who has brought forth his own Eden by deforming &gt;&gt; by hybriding is maybe how we can even see that God gave very clear instructions that each seed in itself would bring forth of its kind. But then it's through mixing of the seeds which was pro prohibited even in the in the law. It would bring forth something other than the original that couldn't bring forth of itself. or couldn't bring it couldn't you couldn't bring back out of that the original once it had been mixed and here we see the god of this evil age creating this this lessa as we would call it this dark world that we're living in AND JUST BY FAITH GOD BY FAITH IN HIS OWN WORDS BROUGHT FORTH an eden now unbelief in God's word brings forth this seed of unholiness in the last age shortly after brother Brandham ministered that sermon on Satan's Eden. He spoke on thirst. He said God took 6,000 years and made a perfect Eden. Well, you could argue with that and say, "Well, wouldn't God just be able to do it like that?" Yeah, he could. But what did he want to do? Express himself in creation. &gt;&gt; He's a God of process. He makes everything beautiful in its time, &gt;&gt; in his time. &gt;&gt; We said, "God, just do it all perfect and powerful at once." Well, let's just say if he did that, wouldn't we all just leave tonight and say, "Well, he ain't started yet." Or would I be the only one? Marvin, maybe you and I, we could go to In-N-Out and enjoy a burger and talk about, "Hey, he began a good work in me, but I ain't perfect and all powerful yet." &gt;&gt; Right? If if that's the work that God did in the beginning in one moment, everything was perfect and we felt it and could do it and operate according to it. If that's the way God did it, we'd all look at each other and say, "Man, I don't have it yet, but I sure really want to be like brother Elliott." Hey, you just take catching strays, Brother Elliot. I I'm sorry. We all think of that one who's they just seem perfect, but nobody's perfect on the first shot. God's a god of process. But he says, Satan come over and sprayed those seeds and deformed them. Now, Satan has had 6,000 years and he's built his own scientific Eden, and it's right back on perversion. &gt;&gt; He says, "This is the age of hybriding." What do we see even more over and over and over again? Ultrarocessed foods. You know, it's getting bad when Texas is banning something, right? Ultrarocessed foods are killing you. Hybriding is killing. And he says it's even gotten in the churches today till they're hybrid. &gt;&gt; They get in there and they just go to church. He says it becomes a lodge instead of a church. Church is a place where people come together and worship God in spirit and in truth. And today it's a lodge. We go there and have a little time to shake hands, fellowship, and some black coffee in the back of the building. I know some of you are saying, "Amen, black coffee." But you might as well said macchiatoos and frappuccinos and lattes and everything else and your matcha with oat milk and lavender. &gt;&gt; Did someone say yuck then GO HOME TILL NEXT WEEK AND WE DONE OUR religious duty? He says, "Now it's a perverted age." Kind of like matcha. He says, "Satan's perverting th these thirsts that God put in you to thirst, Satan is perverting them." &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; You know, God gave you a desire to plant and to cultivate life. &gt;&gt; That's one of the powers given to the church, even this power of of life, &gt;&gt; and he perverts it. He's given you a desire to look after, to care for life, and we project it to all the all so many different things to things that aren't even real, things that are virtual. I remember uh brother David when he was ministering a couple weeks ago talked about how just engaging these games could be and just how much it takes up the minds of the of the youth and they're pouring themselves into these games and then you forget your login or you get your account blocked, boom, your life is over, &gt;&gt; right? It's all gone. &gt;&gt; Everything you've worked for is gone in just a moment. And we're taking this energy that God's given us to real life that we could give towards real life and he's perverting these thirst. And you live in Satan's Eden. He's the God of this evil age. He's a deformer. He's a perverter. And you have inside of you the planting of eternity. I say this to all of us. You have inside of you the planting of eternity with the calling to look out after that, &gt;&gt; to bring forth fruit that you can enjoy, others can enjoy. But most of all that God can be glorified in. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Each one of us have that responsibility. Now if we could look at it from the responsibility we have as parents, we look at our children say that is a field. That is a garden. And I have a responsibility to that garden to see that I watch out over it and care for it. So that God who sends the rain, the God that will deal with that heart, that at the right time that planting of eternity can come forth. &gt;&gt; Amen. And there's not as many briars and thorns and complexes and scars and hedges being torn down, but that it can come forth and burst forth into new life. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And be fruitful. &gt;&gt; I close with the familiar scripture to us here at this church who've been here for some time as we used uh a subject years ago on our family tree. We use Genesis 21:es 33-34. The scripture means a lot to me. I appreciate brother Scott who gave me this Essel tree, this tamarisk where it says a grove here. It's a tree. I have one that's growing in my office recently planted. It's going through shock. Pray for it, brother Scott. It was just in a a a vessel with water with clear instructions to water it, to feed it, to watch out over it. It was doing great. Came time to plant it. Went on vacation, got a little dry, but it looks like there's life growing. It's green. One side's a little sad, the other side's happy. Now that I think of it, it's the side that faces me that's sad. It's the side that faces the sun that's happy. It says, "Abraham planted a grove in Beeba." Beeba is described as a wilderness and called there on the name of the Lord. We saw how it meant and God the name of God was invoked there in that garden in that grove. He worshiped God from there. And it says, "And Abraham soldiered in the Philistines land many many days. He took his abode in the Philistines land. He lived in the wilderness, dwelt, he inhabited it. It means he he was continued there. Here we know we have no continuing city, but we've made our home here in the valley. We live in Arizona. We're here until God takes us home. So, we're souljouring in Leodysia. We're sojouring in the world, in this Satan's Eden, in this fallen uh fallen world. But it says Abraham planted a grove. This planting is this act of establishing or fixing just as God had planted a garden in Eden. Abraham's creating a garden just as God did. And if I could just point this out in closing, he's not planting a garden in paradise. &gt;&gt; He's doing it in Beerseba. He's planting A GARDEN THAT ITSELF WILL BE A PARADISE. HE'S NOT PLANTING a garden in Eden. He's planting a garden in Beerseba to be in Eden. Right? &gt;&gt; He's doing this in the image of God. He's doing it in contradiction to the barrenness and the godlessness of all those that surrounded him. Philistines weren't calling on God. &gt;&gt; Beha wasn't in Eden. &gt;&gt; But what God what Abraham does is he plants a tree in the desert. &gt;&gt; It's the beginning of a grove or a garden that God's name IS GOING TO BE GLORIFIED. He could BE HOSPITABLE TO TRAVELERS AND those that are thirsty and those that ARE WEARY. AND HE DOES IT IN CONTRADICTION TO THE GODLESS PHILISTINES. HE DOES IT IN CONTRADICTION to the barren wilderness. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And there that garden became a place that Abraham worshiped God in the presence of those that did not believe in God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We could see it as an act of stewardship over the land that God had promised him. I give you this land. You say, "Well, this land's a wasteland. It's barren. Change it." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Well, it's so dry and hot in Arizona and it's so people are godless and there's no CHRISTIANS AT WALMART. WELL, I THOUGHT YOU WERE GOING. YOU'VE JUST INDICTED YOURSELF. THAT'S WHY I JUST do uh have all my groceries done by Door Dash and I get all my food through Uber Eats because there's no Christians anywhere. YOU BE THE ONE. &gt;&gt; It was an act of stewardship over the land that God promised. Do you realize we're going to come back here and rule and reign? &gt;&gt; So, right now, we can give this act of stewardship over the land that God gave us. Amen. &gt;&gt; And he's not just planting um a tree and all anxiously waiting. He does it with a vision. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because he knows one day it'll provide shade. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; One day they'll be protect it'll provide protection. It'll provide fruit. It'll bring joy. &gt;&gt; Musicians, if you could come to your instruments, we should be faithful. Let us be faithful then to sew. be careful we're sewing good seed, complimentary seed, &gt;&gt; and that we're given the right kind of nurture to that which has been sown. We all have different stages in life. We have an opportunity to raise our children, but there'll come a point where they're going to be influenced more by the society and the world they're raised in than us. &gt;&gt; That's why children resemble their times, not their fathers, because of the influence that the time and the age has on them. You want to be sure that in the time that you have that you're cultivating them so that though they may look different than you because of the generations of the time, they can have a legacy of Christlike character and they can have the kind of character that you have, they can have the kind of fruits of the spirit that you enjoyed. And I believe that we can in Satan's Eden bring forth a garden of God's delight. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Remember a few months ago, we preached wasteland. It's been a continuation of that thought that this is a wasteland we're living in. But God has planted eternity inside of you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; So that you could be that which blooms in the desert. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; The desert will break forth. It'll bloom. Behold, I do a new thing. There's going to be rivers of waters flowing out from you. &gt;&gt; Can be fruitfulness. Where? Where? I'm looking everywhere. I'm trying to see you. &gt;&gt; You can be the one that's fruitful. &gt;&gt; And we have to take it serious. Maybe I've used a lot of shadows and types in a language that implies, you know, gardening. And we're just looking at these scriptures so you can be established in the word of God that these are the things he teaches. But you must take it seriously what's being swn into your spirit. &gt;&gt; Remember the the the belly for the meats and the meats for the belly. That there's a natural food for your belly. What food are you giving your spirit? &gt;&gt; I eat a lot so I gain weight. I get bigger. I grow. All those things that happens just through the process of digesting nutrients and calories working together with your genetics to produce a physical image. Do you realize your spirits are a reflection of how you've been feeding it? &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; And if God could give some sort of spiritual counsel and you say, "Wow, you need to you need to restrict these calories. You're eating too many worldly carbs. You have way too much of that in your diet. You have way too much of that." And it's expressing itself in these spiritual feelings and these anxieties because there's these deficiencies or there's too much of this and too much of that. And it gets down to very literally what you're feeding on, what you're reading, what you're watching, what you're desiring for because that's what's sewn into your spiritual garden. We have to take care of over of that. We have to watch over that. All right. But I want to I want to sew the word to that eternal planting. Feed on the word of God. Pray, read my Bible, listen to the message of God. I want to feed that eternity inside of me. And then I want to look at my children and I say, "Lord, I can't take everything away. I'm I'm not just by putting up hedges and building walls and putting up towers and getting all the rocks out. That's not going to be enough. I need to water and sew and nurture the planting of eternity so that we could see that God would do the same for them that he's done for us. That's my prayer for my children is I want them to meet the same God that I met. It's my prayer for those that are being baptized this Sunday that they meet the God that you've met &gt;&gt; because I believe that God's still in the business of saving souls. And so let's be faithful gardeners. this art of gardening. That's a green thumbs up. Let's be faithful to this word of God that we could see the fruits of what he's planted because the Lord will bring it forth. We could stand together this evening. Thank you for your patience tonight. Our gracious heavenly father, tonight, Lord, as we close this service, I do believe that your presence is with us and that your your heart is for us. The devil many times gets us to look at circumstances and events in our lives so that we could think that you're angry with us, you're mad at us, and that you're done with us, and that you're not for us. But truly, Lord, any purging or any distance we may feel from you or any correction. You're doing it all with the purpose of causing us to be fruitful. And Lord, in fellowshipping with a friend here recently and just sensing a a heaviness in their hearts, I I recognize in my life when I was really suffering, my biggest regret is I didn't trust you. And Lord, if we're suffering, if we're anxious, if we're going through a difficult time, may we trust that you're still yet working all things for good. And may our hearts be to the harvest. Not the harshness of summer, not the difficulty of the pruning, not the uncomfortableness of the donging or the digging, but may our minds be on the harvest that we would with patience wait for that fruitfulness that we know is to come. Because Lord, I believe that you have planted seeds of eternity and in this last days in this barrenness of Satan's Eden, the God of this evil age working in ways that he is trying to snuff out light and bring confusion and perversion. Lord, there will be another Garden of Eden. Break forth. Be fruitful with your nature and your character in your life. I'm speaking to those trees of this great garden. May we be more fruitful in these things. Lord, we commit ourselves to you and we pray that you'd give us grace in these things. Give us wisdom. In the name of Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen.
