################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-01 - Being & Becoming - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-01
Title:   Being & Becoming
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sDHDZgPj6fU
========================================

Description:
Being & Becoming
Wednesday Service: October 1, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Ecciastes chapter 6 verse 9. Better is the sight of the eyes than the wondering of the desire. This is also vanity in vexation of spirit. Now we know the preacher here is uh riffing on a lot of things and identifying a lot of vanity. So he says better is the sight of the eyes than the wondering of the desire. A lot of things to consider there and I hope that you're able to do that. You can be seated. My title this evening is being and becoming and in using this particular title. Uh we'll get into it in some in some ways. I see a lot of continuity with what was ministered last week on the sacred trust and then you changed on Sunday on those concepts of growth and even this trust that God's put in us that we are to express his nature and his character. So I just see a lot of uh connection in those things, a lot of momentum that we hope that we can capitalize on. But using this phrase being and becoming, I'm I've been wrestling with the meaning of Ecclesiastes chapter 6. As in my Bible, it says the failure to enjoy blessings is the heading that's given to it. And I've been wrestling with verse 9 in particular because there's so much that's in this that really has caused me uh to just weigh it over and over again to see it from the right perspective. And so with this title of being, I'm looking at it from the standpoint of existence. If we say there's we're not necessarily a human being but just existence or the fact of existing or that which physically exists that would be even connected with the sight of the eyes. If you see something uh then you know that it exists. It can even speak here in these scriptures of what a person has. So better is the sight of the eyes and what a person has something that exists. What is it said that a bird in hand is better than two in the bush. Uh I hope I got that right. But that's means that what you have is better and the sight of the eyes. But then on this thought of becoming and this is where the real wrestling has been for me is uh becoming is that uh compound of be and come this becoming it means to change from one state of existence to another any process of change. Now when we begin to talk about change as believers or as human beings we don't are not inclined to like change. Change is often difficult. I thought the sermon on Sunday was so good on change and even acknowledging there's change for good, there's change for bad. But becoming has this meaning of any change from the lower level of potentiality to uh the higher level of actuality. So there's some potential there. And if there's a becoming, then you change from a lower level of being and you tr change to this that you realize this potential to a higher level of something that actually exists or is. &gt;&gt; And so there's in in this becoming I could see this wandering of desire as it says better is the sight of the eyes what you have than the wandering of the desire. It speaks to what a person does not possess. So you have the sight of the eyes and what he has and what he is versus the wondering of desire that which you do not possess but maybe want to enjoy or want to have. And I think in looking at that you could just see that there's it's a very it's a very interesting proposition and observation that the writer makes in Ecclesiastes to where it's better the sight of the eyes is better than this wondering of desire. And I'm wanting to look at this idea of your being, your existence, but then also this becoming. To look at this in greater detail in 1 Corinthians chapter 13:1, I'll be using a few scriptures at the outset just to u kind of express what's in my heart in terms of this being and becoming. He says, Paul says, when I was a child, I spake as a child. I understood as a child, I thought as a child. In other words, he was a child. I when I was a child, I I acted, thought, and behaved as a child would. But when I became a man, I put away childish things. So in looking at this scripture from this perspective of being and becoming, he existed as a child. It was his life. That was his being. But then he says, I became or I changed to a man. There was a time when he was one thing, but through this process of maturity and growing, he became a man. And then he even says it in a way to where it's like this manhood that he came into transpired or he's able to achieve this higher level of actuality when he put away childish things. He changed from being a child into being a man. And this is going to be this is I think just foundational for what the Lord's been dealing with me on that maybe we'll get into more on Sunday. But I want to look at this personal and even parental responsibility we have over being and becoming. And I'm not trying to uh sound philosophical with that. I'm wanting to be very practical. But we have a personal responsibility of being and becoming. We have a parental responsibility of being and becoming. And I would say that we have some responsibility uh even as members of a church or as Christians in the sense of being and becoming. We have this personal responsibility over our existence over our lives. We can see that just you could put under the heading of a lot of scriptures and a lot of teaching in the scripture that this relates to your duty as a person and your duty as existing. And then also there's this responsibility over the process of what you're becoming &gt;&gt; and and it's it it's I think important to think about this. I think this is a very critical point of we could ask ourselves what are we or who are we and and looking at ourselves and saying who am I right now and and then also what am I becoming because you could probably look and say I know that I'm not what I used to be uh and and I know what I want to be but the question of whether or not you're going to get to where you want to be might have something to do with the fact that you can look back and say this is where I was or who I was this is who I am now and ask yourself is that even lining up &gt;&gt; if I'm wanting to be uh if I'm wanting to be something or become something, then uh what path am I on? And I'm not sure if these are questions that people ask themselves anymore. I think that uh you know there's maybe it was more pressing upon me when I was younger. It's like what are you going to be when you grow up and what are you going to do and what are you going to do with this? What are you going to do with that? And I think that maybe is impressed upon a lot of people at this stage of what am I going to do to make a living and where am I going to live and all these different things and I think these are good questions to ask. Who am I? what am I becoming? &gt;&gt; And in the sense of parental responsibility, there is just this uh it's implied in being a parent that there is some responsibility for bringing life into existence that as a as a mother or a father, you have responsibility for causing a being. But then also this process of what that life will become. that it's not just a matter of having children and then just kind of trusting it to the elements, but there is some sort of a responsibility over bringing life forth and then how that nature that we've brought forth, we have a responsibility over that. And then what kind of nurture are we giving it? What kind of atmosphere are we raising it in? What kind of parameters uh have we established for uh keeping that spirit clean and and uh cultivating positive character in their lives? And I want you to look at it from think consider it from this standpoint. not see it from this standpoint, but just consider it in that better is the sight of the eyes that there's something that we could say what are you exhibiting or demonstrating before your children in what is seen but then also what is desired because there is there is a something positive and tangible in what is seen better is what is seen but then there's this downside to the wandering of desire where something that's elusive and something that where they're just following feelings. So, if we're not getting into the nitty-gritty of this, I'm wanting to cause us to begin to think more about our personal responsibility of the lives that we're living and what is being expressed. As brother David said, that sacred trust, but then also what we are becoming, the change that is taking place in our lives. It does fit with the prelude, which is the act of sewing and what goes before something is manifested. And we use the phrase the kota or that finality that that coming together things in the end. is that sewing or the planting of the seed. But then ultimately what's harvested, what's the fruit? And if you're sewing a particular seed, then you have some idea that if it's successful, you know what you're going to get. &gt;&gt; So there's a prelude, the sewing of the seed. It's kind of forecasted and saying, "Hey, if all goes well, we should have a crop of grain in the end." It's a growth from the seed to the fruit uh and this process of reproduction. And that's kind of what we're looking at. What responsibility do we have in that process of being and becoming? Now, if you look at Genesis chapter 2:4, I want to see this being and becoming personified in God. It was just a good place for me to start tonight, maybe just to help me uh express is begin to express this burden. And we're going back to kind of the foundation and the roots in the first several services this year as we've been using this subject of the act of creation and art and been looking at it from these different perspectives. Uh these are some things just to use showing that God exemplifies this being and becoming. In Genesis chapter 2:4 it says these are the generations of the heavens and the earth. And he uses this phrase when they were created in the day that the Lord God made the earth and the heavens. And he uses a phrase of God in describing him as Lord which is Jehovah and God which is simply Elohim which is strong one. And we see that in the beginning God Elohim created but now he's characterized as being Jehovah God which is Jehovah is the self-existent one that Adonai comes from the Hebrew word hava which means to become to exist to become known and it speaks to this character of God that I believe we could identify very clearly in the word that God is continually becoming. &gt;&gt; He's a God that is called himself the I am. And so there's a being that he is, but then there's also this uh view in scripture where it says he was not yet known that way. So he's a god that's unfolding. He's unveiling himself and he's making himself known. And so God was that being. He was uh eternally existing. Yet inside of him were all these different attributes and powers and abilities. And so through that he became &gt;&gt; and because of that he became and I would say that he's becoming he's still unfolding himself and his being is immutable unchangeable it always was eternally existing and I remember when I was the age of uh maybe Jack maybe even Preston that when I begin to think of eternity I just kind of locked up and I got all scared because I couldn't conceptualize it. I was like this is just beyond me. Uh, and now I'd say that I just believe that eternity has been awakened in me and I'm not afraid of it anymore. But there's this God always being. There's no forward or backwards or up or down. But in him, in that being was a certain character. And God then is expressing himself in creation to where he's becoming even in creation. Creation itself testifies of who God is. Now in John 1:es 1:3 and this is just another side of Genesis 1:1. In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God. So God in the beginning this Elohim and now he is the word which is the Greek word here is logos. The same was in the beginning with God. All things were created by him and without him was not anything made that was made. This is God now uh becoming. He's the invisible God. He cannot be seen. He cannot be handled. He cannot be felt. He just exists in a dimension all by himself. That dimension was God. &gt;&gt; He was it. He was the only thing that existed. Elohim. But now when he begins to create, there's this unfolding of himself to where he gives there's some sense of dimension. Now it's no longer just God, but now there's some expansion to where he's expressing himself in a body or form that he can begin to create a a and have space and time and matter. Brother Brandon when he touches on this in question and answers and he does in a lot of different places he makes this statement the logos which is actually the attribute of the fullness of God when God became into a form to where it could be seen it was the anointing of the great spirit that went forth it's condescending coming down it's God becoming God all alone existing uh um by himself the strong one who then now expresses himself in a form from which he begins to create and as each thing is created Ed, they have a relationship to him as creator. And then as it said, the Lord God made the heavens and the earth. So now it's just not Elohim, but it's the becoming God. And he begins to express himself in relation to creation. And then John 1:14 says, "And the word was made flesh and dwelt among us, and we beheld his glory, the glory of the only begotten of the father, full of grace and truth." What has happened is God in the beginning who forms himself and we see this expression of the word which is God now the Bible's saying the word was made flesh in who Jesus Christ &gt;&gt; and now he has not just stayed up in the heavens or in another dimension beyond this but now he's expressing himself and he's become the word in flesh &gt;&gt; right &gt;&gt; and God who was a being and has become and been unfolding himself yet the I I think is I've heard it phrased before and I thought it was really good the neverchanging, everchanging God because he's never changes but yet he's always unfolding himself. &gt;&gt; And so there's this pattern in God. He personifies this being and he's perfect in all his ways and his thoughts and he he's never made a mistake and all his thoughts are perfect and his thoughts are real and that are going to be materialized. But yet there's a pattern in God for us. There's something for us to consider that by birth we come into being and that there is still yet a becoming. look a little child when they're born, a newborn, and you say, "This is there's all life there, and you see all these elements of a human being, and you see all the features and all the the body parts, and even sometimes you could look back at the at a newborn stage and you can say, man, that personality that I'm now seeing in my toddler as they grow up, you can see it there even in that newborn stage that there was life there." &gt;&gt; So, they've come into existence there as a being, but yet there's still a becoming. And this is both to the natural and also to the spiritual. And we have responsibility over both. &gt;&gt; There's a responsibility that you have in your natural life to take care of your person. There's certain things that are best practices. And there's ways that you individually and personally ought to be caring for your existence and then how that existence impacts others. And then also the responsibility you would have as a parent over your child in bringing them into existence and that life that they have. But then there's also this responsibility in spiritually wherein you must be born again. &gt;&gt; That very first doctrine even as it was mentioned on Sunday that this is something that you must be changed in that way. You must be born again. So there's some element of surrender and yielding to that power to change. You can't change yourself but there's this acceptance that you do. So there's a responsibility in the spiritual sense of changing into a new creature or being and then becoming expressing the nature of that. Now I hope this is helpful to to use this nomenclature and to use this expression but I want to look at this difference between talent and skill. I'm only using these phrases, not that we would make a doctrine out of it. And you know, a few months from now, if somebody references skill and you're like, "No, that's false doctrine. I'm not sure you're using that word right." That's not what we're going for here. We're just trying to use uh these terms to express something here. So, I want to use talent in the sense of even in its kind of old etmology, this inclination or this disposition, this leaning like you have this you're predisposed to something that would be your talent. But then a skill is this developed proficiency or this developed facility. That's what I'm looking at when I say skill at talent and skill. And maybe these words are interchangeable in some respects, but I think I want to express it this way to there's something that's innate as far as talent. I think it's very critical for us to consider this especially in a spiritual sense, but then also having responsibility over your person and even over your home. We we need to be aware of there's a certain ability that is innate, but then there's also this development, right? &gt;&gt; And so talent is a special natural ability or aptitude, maybe even a person's uh collective ability. And so it's a natural aptitude or native ability. They have it essentially by birth. And I think you still have to be careful to where you're not all in on the fact that it, you know, it's genes. It's in your DNA. There's a lot that goes into it maybe uh naturally, but this idea of talent is this natural endowment or ability of some maybe we we might say a better quality or superior quality that they have a a talent for doing this or they have a knack for doing that. And so it's this marked innate ability or even in the sense of maybe an artistic accomplishment where they're they're able to do something. And I see that uh uh like in my daughter Eliza, she just has had this natural talent when it comes to drawing and I kind of just look at it from the very early stages. I'm like I don't know how this happens. You know, I got all sorts of things in my head and I'm like I am just going to start with the basic shape. So I'm going to do a circle and it's like this is very oblong or this is more of a pentagon and what what have I done? I can't quite get it right. Well, there's people that have that innate uh profic this artistic ability. And then a talent is even as we'll see in a scriptural sense and even as ita became to be used even with respect to Christianity and it kind of gained this meaning in vocabulary. It's a gift committed to one for use and improvement. This talent is something that's committed to you as a gift to use but then also to improve. So that's the talent is that natural ability or aptitude. But on the other side, we're looking at skill, which is this proficiency or even this dexterity that's acquired or developed through training or experience. So, you can have an aptitude, but then there's some uh so some improvement through training or experience. It's a developed talent or ability. Some of the cinnamon cinnamonss, I'm thinking of cinnamon rolls. Some some of the uh boy, let me tell you something about the Danish. They know how to make their sweets and everything else for that matter. It was quite the gastronomic celebration. But it is a some of some of the synonyms uh would be art or craft, an expertise or knowhow, a technique. Like these are things that you have to that are learned um that denote this great ability in doing or performing something that's usually or especially attained through practice, through study or through discipline. some things that people can do just by talent alone. But then this the skill would be uh uh how that they use that talent. So talent is what we may have by nature. But the skill develops from the use of that. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; Do you see what I'm using in terms of just talent and skill? Again, I'm not trying to have these uh these doctrines that are laid out there and well, we go to the skilled church or we you know, we do this. No, it's just a terminology to use to understand that there can be something innate in you by birth naturally and spiritually. But then this process of maturing and growing is as one becomes more skillful and you can see these terms in the word of God become more skillful with the word that that that that milk belongs to those who are being they have nature they have life but there's a certain word that is encouraged to and given to those who by reason of use or practice have their senses exercised or skilled because even that's what skill means in some it literally is discernment or wisdom. So there is a talent that we may have, but then that skill, we're born with talent. You should have all said, "Amen." &gt;&gt; Yeah, we're all born with talent. Uh even if it is just being able to eat cinnamon rolls, we're all born with a talent. But skill, think of this, skill is the employment &gt;&gt; of that talent. Yeah, sure. &gt;&gt; We can have talent and we can have gifts and we can have things that maybe are innate in us by birth naturally and spiritually, but there's a particular employment of that talent and we would look at that outside of the realm of just the talent. But now this is an expression and this is the employment or how that talent is used. One of our presidents, Calvin Culage, uh made this statement and it was much part of a broader uh point that he was making, but he said, 'Nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Quite the statement. &gt;&gt; Nothing is more common, we might say nothing's more common than a fool or might you say that or or ignorance, but he says nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. &gt;&gt; Something to really think about. Yeah, &gt;&gt; this is a challenge even to us who claim to be born again that we have this divine within us and there's something that's been that has been quickened inside of us and that's unlimited potential &gt;&gt; that that's omnipotence that that that's something that's quite powerful but what are how are we employing it &gt;&gt; and what is the skill that is being that is being used or being expressed through the discipline the practice or the study &gt;&gt; and in the natural sense If one of our presidents could say there's nothing more common than unsuccessful men with talent and it's people who had innate abilities that weren't able to employ it &gt;&gt; to some success, then I think that applies naturally, but then it also applies spiritually. A lot of these things that we're sharing tonight are things that we've just been gleaning through the last several months on this idea of this role that we play in in being the art of God and expressing God's nature and character in the sermon the restoration of the bride tree and it's um actually it's the next statement I'm going to use here in a little bit that uh is very curious things that are being that he's referring to. But brother Bram's presented with the painting by a brother and he said that's very fine Jerry. It was a painting by Brother Jerry. Stephie says, "It's very fine, brother Jerry. If you're here this morning," he says, "It's too bad. Think of this. I want you to really let this weigh in on you. I wish I had the means to let that boy go to the school for an artist. I'm not ashamed of my liberal arts degree now." But he says, "I wish I could pay for him to go to school uh to art school &gt;&gt; or to hone this ability." Says, "I wish I had the means to pay for him to go to school to be an artist." And he says, 'I believe God is in art. God is in music. He says it again, God is in art. And all the arts here said, 'Amen. He says, God in this, and he says, it's too bad to see a talent like that wouldn't be developed. &gt;&gt; He's talking about painting. &gt;&gt; Okay, he's talking about painting. We might be thinking, well, surely he was talking about how just the right way to lay your hands on somebody in a prayer line because those are the things we should get really proficient at. But he's talking about the an aptitude that someone have to draw. right &gt;&gt; this this this skill in the arts to be able to paint and draw things he says man I believe God is in art and I think it would be wonderful if this person who has this aptitude this natural ability to paint things and it's even Leonardo da Vinci is the one that said that painting the painter in in creating uh has an expression of the divine mind &gt;&gt; so there's something even to the the Greeks they they associated creativity with this divine power uh that there was this power in that that's coming forth. And so God being in art and God being the ultimate creator that when one has this ability to take what's in their mind, and I think this is what beautiful about all the artists we have here, and there's several, I'm not want to leave any artists out, but some may prefer not to be named, but it's incredible just how they can take something and produce it. &gt;&gt; And he says it would be bad to see a talent like that not developed. He says the more he does, the more developing he'll be. And he says, 'I pray that God will bless you, Jerry. Isn't that remarkable? That ability for art or creativity is something that one should cultivate. &gt;&gt; And it may seem, well, that's, you know, what what what's the use in being able to uh to draw? What's the use in be able to do that? It's an ability. &gt;&gt; It's a gift that should be guarded, &gt;&gt; should be valued, &gt;&gt; shouldn't be misused. There's a there's some thought that should be given to how am I employing this creativity. If God gave somebody the ability to write songs and play music, you wouldn't want to use it for evil. &gt;&gt; God gives you a gift or ability in art and creativity and drawing. Then there's a certain way that you can begin to express that talent that's not going to give glory to God, but rather to things of the flesh of the world. Amen. In &gt;&gt; Ephesians 4:8 it says, "Wherefore he saith, when he ascended up on high, he led captivity captive and gave gifts unto men." In the the scripture these gifts being given to men, we know also later on in verse 12, he says, "And he gave some and he gives these gifts, these ministerial gifts." And so gifts are given by God. I'd like to use it in the sense that by nature but even in our natural birth there is this DNA there's this uh inclination or leaning that we might have just by virtue of nature a lot of factors that may go into that and then also by the new birth that there's gifts that we would have according to God's measure that he would give and in addressing Timothy Paul writes in 1 Timothy 4:14 to neglect not that gift that is in thee So there was a gift that was in him and he's saying don't neglect that gift but cultivate it. Don't disregard it. Don't let it go stale. This is something that I think we could say to any of us that might have some talent whether it be in poetry or whether it be painting or music that if you let that kind of go stale then and you're not using it then it there's this atrophy that begins to happen. And so when he says, "Neglect not that gift that is envy," that there was something he had to keep fresh and keep alive. And so he says in 2 Timothy 15, excuse me, 16, he says, "Stir that gift up." So in these two different instances, Paul is telling him, you have a gift, don't neglect it. &gt;&gt; Don't let it go to waste. Don't let it become unused a and and paralyzed or or rusty. So he says, "Stir it up. Quicken that gift. inspire that gift that is in you. So he says in chapter 2:15, "Study to show thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth." Now, we could take these scriptures and very specifically apply it to this gift of being a pastor or minister that Timothy had that Paul is saying that there's this gift that is in you that you have been given that you should not neglect it, but cultivate it and that you ought to inspire it by stirring it up. And so there's this process of one who has this gift to minister the word of God to where he keeps it fresh and he inspires it. He's looking for inspiration. He studies. He prays. So he says, "Study to show thyself approved unto God." So labor, employ that gift, a workman or a labor that God may see it and be pleased with it. I I'd like you to take that into mind and not just simply say, "Well, I sure hope Brother Aaron's, you know, not neglecting the gift and he's keeping it stirred up and I hope he's studying to show himself approved." I've actually been asked before, "Why do you study so much by a preacher?" And I'm like, "Am I do am I studying too much?" But really what they meant is why do you study at all? &gt;&gt; I mean, I was told one time, I'm just going to take your notes and rip them up before you get up there. I'm like, well, do your thing, right? I mean, if that's what you do, tear my notes up. It's not going to stop me. But I think there's some responsibility &gt;&gt; to study, &gt;&gt; to pray, to watch, to consider these things. And in the same, so let me just maybe finish this thought that as he's telling them, don't neglect it, stir it up, and study to show thyself approved. That a minister then is looking for inspiration. He wants to keep that gift subject to the word and subject to the presence of God. And there's a lot of things that go into that. And in the same way that an artist, I was thinking on these things lately about writer's block and these other things that people who engage in a creative process. I don't know what to draw. I hear that question quite a bit from my Eliza. What should I draw? And so I I found an app one time that would actually give you prompts to draw something. And uh that worked for a day. And then so but there's a way that you they're looking for inspiration. So, there's things that an artist should do to not neglect the gift and stay fresh and stay sharp. I imagine the same would go with a potter, one that works with clay. There's times when you you want to be inspired. You want to keep that gift active. And as we could see that maybe in a spiritual sense with the minister's gift uh maybe in a natural sense of these art create a creative arts but think of yourself that there's this responsibility that you have if we have the gift of eternal life if we have come into being if there there's something that we have by nature then there is a stirring up and a not neglecting and a studying to show ourselves approved a workman and a labor to where I'm not just being but I'm also becoming. Amen. Amen. Now, if you could let's turn to Matthew chapter 25 for verses 14 to30 and in re I'm I want to just read through this because this use of the word talent here in in Luke I believe it's refers to pounds but that was given me a complex to some he gave five pounds to others he gave 20 and 50 you know and it just uh makes you think a little bit differently about what pounds are. But then in the sense of talent that's used here in Matthew 25, it would be that gift that's committed to one for use and improvement. So it might be a play on words, but think of in terms of a gift or a talent, an opportunity innate that's given. And it says this in this parable of the talents. For the kingdom of heaven is as a man traveling into a far country who called his own servants and delivered unto them his goods. So now they've become stewards of something given to them. And unto one he gave five talents and to another two and to another one. To every man according to his several ability. And so this this several ability, it speaks of a a natural talent or capacity. And I think this applies in the natural that there's gifts and abilities that vary from person to person. Here one receive five, another two, another one. And there's no judgment there. there there there's no hierarchy necessarily a and there it's not creating this absolute stand well you need to have five you need to have two you need to have one but each man was committed something and there was a trust that was committed to them as Paul says in Corinthians that each one is given this measure of grace according to the gift of God and so he says and he straightway took his journey verse 16 then he that had received the five talents went and traded with the same and made them other five talents so he put those talents to work. And likewise, he that received two, he also gained other two. So notice this uh doubling of what was given. But he that received one went and digged in the earth and hid his lord's money. After a long time, the lord of those servants cometh and reckoned it with them. There's this judging. There's this accounting that takes place. And so he that had received the five talents came and brought other five talents, saying, Lord, thou deliverest unto me five talents. Behold, I've gained beside them five talents more. And recognize this. One had five, and we we assess some measure to that. He had five talents. Now he has 10. But the Lord's response is, "Well done, thou good and faithful servant. Thou hast been faithful over a few things. I will make thee ruler over many things. Enter thou into the joy of the Lord. He who is faithful in the least will be faithful in much. If there's an unfaithfulness in the little, there's going to be unfaithfulness in much." &gt;&gt; There's that principle to understand with all of us. We need to demonstrate faithfulness. There has to be some uh a demonstration of responsibility. The coming to be reckoned with is that accountability for what you've been given. And that based upon their faithfulness with what they've been given, there's an expansion over what they have or of what they have. And the one that had two, now he says, he also that received two talents came to Lord came and said, Lord, thou deliverest unto me two talents. Behold, I've gained two other talents beside them. His lord said unto him, it's the exact same thing to both. They had different gifts, different measures, but it's the same reward. Well done, good and faithful servant. Thou hast been faithful over a few things. I'll make thee rule over many things. Enter thou into the joy of the Lord. Then he which had received the one talent came and said, This is the part that uh begs so much real pondering. Lord, I knew thee that thou art a hardened man, reaping where thou hast not sown, and gathering where thou hast not strod. and I was afraid and went and hid thy talent in the earth. Lo, there thou hast that is thine. He basically gave him back what he gave him. And there might be in some sense of saying, well, he's it's he's breaking even. He's getting back what he put into it. But he blames the master. &gt;&gt; He blames him saying that, well, I knew you were a hard man. And and I want you to think about this in terms of how easily it can be for us to blame God. Now, there's a shifting of this blame. Well, I I knew that you were a hard man. But notice the Lord answers in verse 26, "Thou wicked and slothful servant. Thou knewest that I reap where I sowed not." In other words, his own words condemn him because he says, "I buried this because I knew you reap where you sowed not, and gathered where you have not strod." And he says, "Because you knew that, you used as an excuse, a worthless excuse, because that actually should have compelled you to trade on it, &gt;&gt; right? you you knew how I was with what I had and you would actually take the one and bury it when you knew that I was somebody that got things that I didn't straw and I I reap where I didn't sow. He said that that the logic that they used was flawed. He said, "Thou oughtest therefore to have put my money to the exchangers and then at my coming I should have received mine owned with usery. At least I could have got interest on this. Take therefore the talent from him and give it unto him which hath 10 talents. That's quite a statement. I think there's a concept that we can explore that there's a use it or lose it. &gt;&gt; That has to be used for unto everyone that hath shall be given and he shall have abundance but from him that hath not shall be taken away even that which he hath. I can empathize with brother Elizer where he empathize with brother Elizer where he says the vows and the and the way that the scripture can be written sometimes I go back and I read it in other translations and I try to figure out what is what is even being meant here but there's something here he has he has abundance but then he says take away from him that hath not what does he not have the skill or the employment &gt;&gt; he had something he had the talent but he didn't use it for gain and so you take away from him. He says and cast ye the unprofitable servant into outer darkness. There shall be weeping and nashing of teeth. Each one of them had talents or we could say talent albeit on differing levels. But the judgment was according to the employment &gt;&gt; of the talent. &gt;&gt; God didn't come and say, "Well, you had five and so you can enter in and you had two so you could enter in and you only had one. So tough luck." If he would have done just even produce some interest, &gt;&gt; the judgment was not on what they had been given, but it was the employment of what they had been given, &gt;&gt; the use of it. &gt;&gt; And I I'm trying to keep our streak of sermons under an hour together. You know, we've got three in a row now. Let's make it four. Four is a good number, right? The other the few services ago, I said, I'm trying to be under hour. Still couldn't make it under an hour even when I was trying. But I I have a feeling here unless you guys really really pulled hard that we can get under an hour again. Uh my brother did it, brother Eliza did it. And now here I am trying to follow in their steps. Good examples. But the Bible teaches that there's a duty attached to every talent. &gt;&gt; There is a duty that comes with every capacity that we possess. You cannot have and I want to say this in in a natural sense, in a spiritual sense. I want you to consider it on so many different levels to where it just really I don't mind if this gets heavy for you and that it's a little bit sobering to leave regardless of what age you're at to leave and to think that I have been given life. I've been given being I've been given breath. I've been given time. I've been given health. I've been given different things and resources. And some have it to different levels and different degrees. But even if you just have that one talent, the Bible teaches that there's a duty attached to the one talent. That there is a duty that comes with any capacity that we possess. &gt;&gt; We might talk about this calling we have in the scripture. You say well there can be this calling and we as Christians we look at this we even look at this concept of the gift and then this calling to that gift the employment of the talent which God has given us. It's a stewardship of ability. &gt;&gt; So I have this gift. God give it to me. It's a great gift. But in in a certain way that ought to be served. &gt;&gt; It ought to be used to serve. One of the paradigm shifts that my wife and I had early on in our marriage is when we realized that there was a responsibility to minister the word of God. we had to take that in consideration in how we lived our lives &gt;&gt; that it wasn't necessarily oh this great gift this wonderful gift that I had it but it was something that was God's for the people's benefit and use and so there's a service we give to that gift &gt;&gt; and as we've used this uh concept of sewing and reaping and the prelude and we're using some of these parables of the seed the story of the talents differs from the parable of the sewer because in the parable of the sewer God was the worker who swed the seed and it was the influence of that word that's being swed upon the hearer. But now this parable teaches responsibility and and it has this weight that there's a trust that's given to us by God and that has to be used for his service because notice here the Lord gives the talent. Well, it's from him but now it's mine and what do I do with it? In the parable of the sewer, we can say the one instance the ser the word is is the seed that is sown and it's sewn into a field and it springs up wheat, but then the devil sews another seed and it springs up tears. In another instance, it's not that we have control over the type of ground, but the word is the seed and then the ground is either hard or it doesn't have depth or something comes and steals it away. And there's these different ways we see this is the word that's preached and the impact it has on the hearer. But now he takes the word of the kingdom of God. He looks at it from another perspective. saying, "I want to use this a little bit differently because now I'm teaching the doctrine of responsibility &gt;&gt; that when something is given to us, it's got to be used the right way." &gt;&gt; And this is why I use the phrase of our personal responsibility in being and becoming. But then also this parental responsibility, this responsibility that we have as heads of households or as parents in marriages, even those parishioners of a church. This responsibility that we have of being and becoming. It still speaks to the parable of the sewer, but now you are the swer. You're the one that's been given this gift that can be used, traded, act upon, employed to double what you have. Or you can just take it and bury it in unprofitable earth. Galatians chapter 6 7 8 and 9. Be not deceived. God is not mocked. For whatsoever man seweth that shall he also reap. Hosea tells us you sowed to the wind and what'd you reap? Whirlwind. &gt;&gt; For he that sweth to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corruption. That's not the good kind of sewing, but it works according to the law. the tolerance that we give to certain things, the way that we expose ourselves to certain things, the way that we feed or bury talent into the earth, well, you're going to get something back. And here he says, you're going to reap corruption, but he that sow to the spirit shall of the spirit reap life everlasting. &gt;&gt; The proper use of that which you've been given. So he says, let us not be weary and welloing. &gt;&gt; That's the trading with the talent you've been given. That's the proper employment of the gift you've been given. &gt;&gt; Let us not be weary and welloing for in due season we shall reap. If we faint not as we take responsibility over our own personal harvest and we realize that I'm going to be sewing things into my spirit and therefore what I see is going to be a direct reflection of what I've been ingesting and been feeding on. &gt;&gt; There's a correlation. &gt;&gt; There's a correlation to the the mannerisms and the mood and the appetites and the way that you live your life to what comes in is what's coming out. And there's something that the heart is indicting and and feeding on and what's being sewed into it. And so there's certain things that are becoming because they're first being &gt;&gt; and there has to be a responsibility taken over ourselves individually. So I'll take accountability. It's easy always to blame and point fingers. Well, I knew you were this and I knew you were that. Well, it's that very fact that you know these things is the reason why you should be taking responsibility. to plant and to cultivate what who are you and what are you becoming if I continue on this path as a person? What will I look like in five years? &gt;&gt; And some people might say, "Oh, well, I would never do that. I'd never do this." Uh, &gt;&gt; you're not being honest with yourself. &gt;&gt; Are are you sure? Because there's clear patterns of behavior &gt;&gt; choices that people make personally that are foreshadowing a change &gt;&gt; and not for the good because they're sowing to the flesh and it's a law immutable law. Be God is not mocked. you will reap corruption. And I believe in the grace of God for those who've sowed to the wrong things and they've allowed themselves to change and they've allowed themselves to get mixed up and the done things that are sinful or wrong that God's grace is still enough. &gt;&gt; But there in these moments right now, we have this respons responsibility to take a step back and say, "All right, what am I planting for? What kind of crop am I going to get?" &gt;&gt; The same could be said within our homes. uh uh something that uh my wife a phrase she uses a lot and I've been thinking about this even in in preparing for these sermons tonight and Lord willing on Sunday in terms of what's promoted &gt;&gt; that there's a certain way where you can allow something or you can uh participate in certain things and you can enjoy it and it has its proper place but then there can be this tipping point to where now it's not just enjoyment it's not just maybe interacting or taking advantage of but now there's more of this promotion And now it begins to have the preeminence &gt;&gt; and those it's from it's from that uh that kind of heaviness or emphasis that it begins to have this uh cascading effect on who you are &gt;&gt; and what you're becoming. I close with this and musicians you're welcome to come to your instruments in the sermon earnestly contending for the faith and it's even in that idea of earnestly contending there must be a a perseverance anyone who has an artistic gift artistic a rt artistic gift others though you can still maybe participate in this brother Michael those that would have this gift there. It doesn't always come easy. Comes with the price. It exacts something. There has to be perseverance. Has to be endurance. A and there sometimes just needs to be this uh butdding up against failure after failure after failure, effort after effort after effort. Therefore, we should not be weary and welloing. some confidence in the seed. Some confidence in the promise of God, some confidence in the trust that he's given us that's sacred. Some confidence in the ability of the Holy Spirit to change things. If we could be honest with the with ourselves tonight, I don't know where all of you are in terms of your walk with God, but I could confidently say right now, I'm so glad that I God still changes me. And if I had not had I not experienced such a transformation out of darkness and delight and I recognized and this is my own personal testimony that God's able in all these situations to change things and that no matter what situation I could remember I had an injury one time and I separated my rib cage uh from my backbone and it from my back and it it healed wrong and I was always in constant pain especially uh in the winter time and and anything that I would be doing to use my arms, it just a searing searing horrible pain. It just healed wrong. And that's I just remember that was my life that I was living. I even had the same where when I was I had such terrible heartburn in college to where I didn't even want to drink water. It's absolutely debilitating. And I remember when my life changed and I received and and just in a moment everything changed and just had a transformation and new birth experience. My heartburn was gone. And uh and I believe there's probably some connection to sin. And then but I still lived with this searing terrible pain in my back. But I remember I would always I'd be brushing my teeth or shaving and I'd be in so much pain it'd be hard to breathe. I just like I know God can heal this. I just kept I just always told myself, I know God can heal this. And so I knew that no matter what was that I believed in a God who could change things. &gt;&gt; And so it gives me hope for any situation here, anybody here, &gt;&gt; that I'm not going to give up on anybody. &gt;&gt; Not going to give up on anything because I'm not trusting in myself. I was going to try to work on myself and do some surgery or something like that or find a chiropractor to do this and go there. I had it when my was going through. Let me just testify. So much for maybe an hour, but let me just testify. You probably haven't heard me talk about my pain syndrome that I've had. Why? Because it's gone. I believe. &gt;&gt; Yeah. There's changes that you need to make. There's times when it feels like it might be coming on or whatever. But you know what? God is such a God of miracles. I went and saw a specialist. I spent months studying trying to find what it was. Finally figured out what I thought it was. I went to a specialist. Uh and I go to and it was upon the recommendation of Brother Scott. This is no reflection on your your recommendation, but I went to this really uh accomplished doctor uh uh an ENT and he looked at me and he said, "You have burning mouth syndrome." And he said, "And there's nothing I or science can do for you." And my wife was in the room. I think maybe Jack was there too or was it Preston? And and he turned around to walk away. I'm like, he's like, "There's nothing I or science can do." We kind of stopped and he said, "I recommend uh cognitive behavioral therapy to deal with pain. There's certain ways you can cope." But in my heart, I just thought, well, that's what I needed to hear that there was nothing man or science could do for me. So, this is just going to have to be God. &gt;&gt; And so, I've watched God work in my life. &gt;&gt; And so, I believe he's a God is is has power to change things. And if that's the God I serve, the God that can change things, then I want I want to be that vessel. I I want to stay as I am. I want to constantly be changing. And it's that power of change. It's that ability of God who is and this being that I have that it's not just going to always stay this way. That it can get goodter and goodter. &gt;&gt; That it can get better. It can get higher. It can be richer. It can be fuller, sweeter. and that this love of God can become continually become greater more well known to me. That's what I believe. I believe in that process and I'm thankful for it because if I didn't have that there it'd be so much uh unrest. [Music] Brother Bram said and he this is the part I was referring to earlier how it's unique. He says, "Now hearing this brother on those birds like that, that is a spiritual gift. And the best I can gather, it's in earnest earnestly continuing for the faith." He's referring to what sounds like maybe somebody was doing bird calls and impersonating a robin. And I remember in one service one time a sister whistled a special and um and it was beautiful. And so here he's saying that was a spiritual gift. He says, "Try to impersonate it once and see how you get along." You know, there's a certain thing like I can I can uh yodel, right? Like I can just make my voice do some weird things. But then you hear somebody who can actually do it. You're like that's what it's supposed to sound like. Like strummer boy over here on the guitar, right? Three chords. There's, you know, you hear somebody can really do it. Like now that's a gift. He says try to impersonate and see how you do. He says God has given that to the brother. I heard this young man singing that song, yielded Lord to thee, and how that brother Cabbell sitting there told me he was just converted out of the nightclub, he and his wife, and how that singing, he says, try to impersonate that. It's a gift. It comes from God. And I listen, I'm closing on this now. The gift was in him when he was born. The gift was in the other man when he was born. But what they use it for is what goes. Every man will have to answer for his talent. God gives men talent and they have to use it. You can use it as a buried treasure. But there's going to be a day of reckoning. Some can preach like a house on fire and other different things, but God requires these talents. He says, "I'm so thankful to know that these two brethren sitting back there have yielded their talents which they could be out there in nightclubs and everything else and using those talents, but they've surrendered them to the Lord Jesus Christ to win souls." That's my challenge is surrendering your being to him. This gift of eternal life is still yet to be surrendered to him. these natural abilities you might have. If you have the ability to write, if you have the ability to sing, if you have the ability to play, if you have the ability uh uh to draw, yield your gifts to God. &gt;&gt; Stir up those gifts. Inspire those gifts correctly because improperly used. Yeah. An idol mind is the devil's playground. &gt;&gt; Idle hands are the devil's tools. You say, "Well, be careful what you employ them in." &gt;&gt; Because you could become very skillful in the wrong things. But we who've been committed this great trust of the word of God, we ought to practice it and and not be unskilled in the word of knowledge. Let us think about what it means to be and what we're becoming. If we could stand together this evening, commit these words to God. Every man will have to answer for his talent. It's how you use it. How are we using that which we've received? What are we using our resources for? And how is it that God is receiving the glory in these things? Let us pray together with heads bowed. If you desire prayer this evening, just feel free to lift your hand to the Lord. Believe he sees your heart. And I believe there's nothing to nothing impossible with God. I I I can believe with you now. There's I I'm not without hope. You should not be without hope. Our gracious heavenly father, tonight as we stand in your divine presence, we give you thanks for this wonderful congregation, this beautiful atmosphere that we've experienced, Lord, the labor of the song leader and the musicians, all those that come on a Wednesday night. And Lord, as we go through changes, whether it be as a church or family, and things shift a little bit, we can get uncomfortable with change. But Lord, you have never changed for the worse. You just you never have. When you revealed yourself, even if it was in thunderings and lightning, even if it was a God of of correction, that was always for good. And Lord, I I know I can do better at trusting you. And I thank you, Lord, that you've saw us through the highs and lows. That even in our darkest moments, we can still have hope. Not a hope that's an enemy to faith, but a hope that's born from faith. [Music] Lord, I believe that's what Solomon was doing in Ecclesiastes. He was shutting the door to everything else but faith. [Music] And Lord, sometimes we too closely cling to those things which can be seen and so we look to the unseen. So what a lesson, what a what a reckoning, what an audit of our lives to say better is that which is seen than the wondering of the desire. And it should challenge us, Lord. And Lord, as I've stopped here tonight and even just adjusted the notes so that I wouldn't go any further, Lord, may we give consideration to what is hid in us? What What is it that's at the heart of these things and this searching and this longing? I pray for every hand that was raised tonight. I believe in the supernatural power of God to answer prayer. I believe if there's someone who's seeking truth, they could find it. I believe if there's a hurting heart, it can be healed. And Lord, I pray that the power of God would move and it would break chains, deliver from unbelief, that foul spirits could be cast out. That despondency and fear and depression and anxiety could be vanquished and overcome. Whatever it may be, Lord, that seems to grind us down and wear us down. May we rise up and look up and believe in a greater God than all those things. And Lord, look at what you have done for us. If there's some here who look around and don't have not seen you, have not tasted you and have not known you. That Lord, I pray right now you make yourself known. They could see you and they could taste you. May they recognize the death of the wondering of the desire and come to you to seek your face. We love you. We commit everyone to you tonight and ask your he for your healing and your deliverance in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
