################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-21 - Real, Relatable, Relevant - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-21
Title:   Real, Relatable, Relevant
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OvTXTbI8Q48
========================================

Description:
Real, Relatable, Relevant
Wednesday Service: May 21, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
John chapter 5 verse 30-38 I can of my own self do nothing as I hear I judge and my judgment is just because I seek not my own will but the will of the father which hath sent me. If I bear witness of myself witnesses not true. There is another that beareth witness of me. And I know that the witness which he witnessth of me is true. Ye sin unto John and he beare witness unto the truth. But I receive not testimony from man, but these things I say that you might be saved. He was a burning and a shining light, and you're willing for a season to rejoice in his light. But I have a greater witness than that of John. For the works which the Father hath given me to finish the same works that I do bear witness of me, that the Father hath sent me. And the Father himself, which hath sent me, hath borne witness of me. You have neither heard his voice at any time, nor seen his shape, and ye have not his word abiding in you. For whom he hath sent him ye believe not. Amen. You can be seated. I have a a title tonight of real, relatable, relevant, and we're kind of foreshadowing a little bit on some other subjects that we going to be touching on tonight. We're going to focus more on the real aspect. These are elements of being a witness. real, relatable, and relevant. And in this, a witness is one who testifies of a fact or event from personal knowledge. It's one that bears testimony. And so, we've been looking at that particular aspect. So, I'm wanting these terms to kind of be uh used in light of this subject of being a witness, one that bears testimony. And so in introducing these different principles of real, relatable and relevant, I believe these can be applied to different aspects of being a witness, but then also applied to different aspects of witnessing or something that has that takes place on different levels and these are applicable. Lord's just been dealing with my heart over the last couple months in a way to put this so that it might be uh easily grasped. That's one of the reasons why we've taken this approach this year on using art is we want the word of God to be attainable and reachable, something that we can relate to that. And so that's part of even this thought we're looking at. And so these apply in different ways, but real as we're looking at it tonight, that means from a scriptural standpoint, real is not imaginary or pretended. It means to be authentic or genuine. So if it's real, it's not imaginary. It's not uh pretend. It's not makebelieve, but it means it exists in reality. And so when someone says it's real cheese, you expect it to be actual cheese. And so if something is real, it's not imaginary or pretend. It's authentic, genuine, and not fictitious or imaginary, but genuine and true. Those are the words that are used or definition that's used in the Bible when true is used or truth. It's that alaththenos. It's something that is real. And I'll say this, if you're going to be a witness, your testimony or your witness must be real. Must be something real. And that's what we're going to be focusing on tonight is this being real, being genuine, being this authentic uh person. Now, in John chapter 5, we'll start with verse 30 and we'll read to verse 31. Then we'll jump through and we'll continue through the remainder of this text. He says, "I can." Christ now says, "I can of my own self do nothing. As I hear, I judge. So my the judgment that he's given, he says, "My judgments are just. I'm only judging based upon what has been shown to me, what has been given to me." Brother Modin, good to see you. I didn't didn't notice you there. Right right there in the middle and didn't even notice you. God bless you. We welcome you. As I hear, I judge, and my judgment is just. So, he's not using his own thoughts, his own opinions, but he hears from the father. He can do nothing of himself, but he says what the father says. He does what the father wants him to do. As I hear, I judge, and my judgment is true. It is right, is correct, because I seek not my own will, but the will of the Father, which hath sent me. So, he's been sent by the Father to say what the Father told him to say. Then he uses this phrase. This is real key to where we're looking at tonight. If I bear witness of myself, my witness is not true. That doesn't mean that what he's saying is a lie, but he's talking about something being uh it uh not it's not admissible. you don't have to rely on it's not admissible as evidence but yet is uh his witness is genuine is authentic but yet if he says I'm just if I just bear witness of myself then it's something that's not admissible and what he's doing is he's actually admitting that under their law and their structure that if he was in the court of their opinion or their judgment his single witness would not be legally sufficient. So he's saying, "I'm not just testifying of myself because even in your own law and in your own worldview and how you do things, you would not accept that." So I'd be fighting uphill if I was just to say, "Well, believe me just because I'm telling you as a single witness." Deuteronomy 17:6, it says, "At the mouth of two witnesses or three witnesses shall he that is worthy of death be put to death." And it says, "But at the mouth of one witness shall not he shall not be put to death." So this is in their law that on the word of one person someone could not be guilty of a sin that was punishable or transgression that was punishable by death. It needed two or three. Again in chapter 19 of Deuteronomy verse 15. One witness shall not rise up against a man for any iniquity or any sin in any sin that he sinnth. At the mouth of two witnesses or at the mouth of three witnesses shall the matter be established. again at two or three or two or three the matter has to be established through notice the term not just one witness but two witnesses or three witnesses. So Jesus, when he says, "If I bear witness of myself, my witness is not true." He's speaking to something that they held in their minds according to their law. And he's acknowledging that in their reality, according to their court, if he's in their court, which he is, uh they uh they would not accept his singular witness. So he's not insisting that they just believe him because he says so. Necessarily does not insist on them accepting a single witness. Actually in the Jewish cannon as I was studying it in their Jewish law they did not even allow one man to be a witness for himself. The phrase would be no man is to be believed for himself. There's a number of different instances where you can read uh in their rich history and their oral tradition and all the the laws that they gathered around the laws that a man could not witness for himself. Somebody else had to stand and witness. So Christ is actually reasoning on their own principles and he's actually using this uh as not I won't just insist on my own as even a human testimony. I'm not just going to insist on it because he knew to them that would not be sufficient. But look at this in John 8 12 to 19. And I'm glad I feel like I've got you all in suspense. Says then Jesus then spake Jesus again unto them saying I am the light of the world. He that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life. The Pharisees therefore said unto him, Thou beest record of thyself. Thy record is not true. What were they drawing from? Their legal tradition or their approach where one had to have somebody else testify for them in order for them to be admissible of what was being said or what they're presenting to be accepted. And Jesus says, and it might seem like it's contradicting what he said earlier, but he says, Jesus answered and said unto them, though I bear record of myself, yet my record is true. In other words, it's real. It's genuine. Even though I'm bearing record of myself, it is authentic. Not that you have to accept it according to your traditions, but it is true. But catch what he says. For I know where I come from. I know whence I came and where I go, whether I go, but ye cannot tell whence I come and whether I go. Now, what has he done? He's appealed to a different reality and he's saying that you I'm coming and as in your eye as a human, you won't accept my human testimony of myself because you have the tradition and it's written in your law that you're not to accept the witness of one man if he speaks for himself. But he's saying, I am not of the same ilk that you're of. I'm don't come from the same way. I know where I came from. I know where I'm going, but you can't tell where I come from and where I go. says, "Ye judge after the flesh." So what is he saying? I'm not judging after the flesh. You judge by human means. You look for human testimony. It has to be cooperated a certain way. I don't judge any man. He says, I judge no man. In other words, I don't judge after the flesh. Yet if I judge, my judgment is true. It is real. It is genuine. It is authentic. For I am not alone, but I am the father that sent me. So he's not coming on his own. And he's not saying just believe me. He's actually saying I come as a representative of the father and what I speak is I'm witnessing and testifying what God your father has told me to say. It is also written in your law. So he's drawing specifically from where we read that the testimony of two men is true. I am one that bear witness of myself and the father that sent me beareth witness of me. And so they said then said they unto him where is thy father? Jesus answered, "You neither know me nor my father. If you had known me, you should have known my father also." Here he's pressing on these two different realities, if I could put it that way, since we're only looking at something genuine and real. And he's pointing out that there's something that he's testifying of that's obviously not real to them. It's a paradigm or view or something that they could not know, something that they had not experienced. So he says, "There is another that beareth witness of me." He's actually speaking of the father as I know that the witness which he witness of me is true. My record is true because God speaks of me he testifies of me. This is in John chapter 5 verse 30 uh or where he's still on John 8 there. Okay. Says I am the one that bear witness of myself. Ye neither known me nor my father. If you had known me, you should have known my father also. Now you this is uh it's important to catch this because now he's saying I'm I'm existing with knowledge of God that you don't have. So now in John 5:32, there is another that beareth witness of me and I know that that witness which he witnessed me is true. That's speaking of the father. Ye sent unto John. You went and inquired of John and you asked of him and he says and he bear witness unto the truth. So the father is the one that has sent him. And then we're going to read here in a moment how the father was doing these works through Christ and these things were being accomplished and that was a witness on behalf of Christ. But he says you asked of John and he gave you witness to who I was. Look in John 1 19 to 23 and this is the record or testimony witness of John when the Jews sent priests and Levites from Jerusalem to ask him who art thou? So they went and actually inquired of John, who are you? This is one that they had received and believed in. And he confessed and denied not, but confessed, I am not the Christ. And they asked them, "What then? Art thou Elijah?" And he said, "I am not." It's interesting that he says, "He's not Elijah." He says, "Art thou that prophet?" And he answered, "No." So he even knew that what they were looking for was a coming of Elijah that was different than the one that was being experienced then. And he knew that one was still yet to come. Then said they unto him, "Who art thou, that we may give an answer to them that sent us?" When sayest thou of thyself, he said, 'I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness, make straight the way of the Lord, as said the prophet Isaiah. You'll find in the very next verses, even the Pharisees begin to inquire of him. And then it says he's baptizing the next day. And he says, "Behold the lamb of God that takes away the sins of the world. This is the one that I was telling you I was sent before." He says, "And I witness the Holy Spirit descend upon him." And he gives this confirmation, this witness. And he testifies of what he knows of this being the Messiah and the father vindicating it with that dove that came down upon him. And Jesus is saying, "You accepted John and he bear record of me. He testified of me to the truth of who I am." John 5:34, he says, "But I receive not testimony from man. I am not relying solely on human testimony, but these things I say that you might be saved. He was, speaking of John, a burning and shining light, and ye were willing for a season to rejoice in his light. They had accepted him for a season and believed he was real. But I have greater witness than that of John. Greater testimony. For the works which the Father hath given me to finish, the same works that I do bear witness of me that the Father hath sent me. He's maintaining this very close relationship to the fact that God, the one that they claimed to serve, had sent him, and the works he was doing were by God, and those works were testifying and giving witness. Was it just his word only through human means or human convincing? But he had the witness of the father. And the father himself which hath sent me hath borne witness of me. And again, notice what he says. Ye have neither heard his voice at any time nor seen his shape. This is this isn't something they've experienced. This isn't something they know, but he's trying to testify to them and witnessed in them about the reality of God. And it's very hard for them to accept it because of their own paradigm and their way of viewing things. He says, "You have not his word abiding in you. For whom he hath sent him ye believed not." There it is again. It's that faith. What's the work of God? To believe upon him whom he hath sent. So he's saying, "The Father who has sent me has testified about me, but you can't hear it and you can't see it." And he's saying, "I know where I came from. I know where I'm going. This is real to me. It's this is not fake. This is not pretend. It's real to me. And I know that my witness is true." So Christ, we could say, we've already looked at how he is a true witness, but he's a true witness that's testifying to them of a reality beyond the one that they're presently experiencing, beyond the one that's structured around laws and how they judge things and the way that they judge man after mankind and they judge humanly. He's saying, "I don't judge the same way. What I'm coming to you with is not all the same things you're thinking about through your human senses." but he was sent from the father to testify of a different reality. Now, let's turn to John 20 21. So, this is where we're going to just turn a little bit, go just a little bit further. I don't expect to be very much longer this evening. And so, the more you pull, the more you enter in, the faster we will go. John 20 21. Then said Jesus unto them again, peace be unto you. As my father hath sent me, even so send I you as I came in my father's name and in hisstead or as his representative and as his voice I even going I am going to send you in my place. I'm going to send you out. So Christ was the the apostle, the representative, the witness of the father. He says now you are going to be witnesses of me. I'm going to send you. That word there send in the second part as the father hath sent me even so I send you. That Greek word is this notion of delegated authority that constitutes that uh the person that is being sent. You have delegated authority. You're this envoy. It's representative of the sender. Christ sends you. So now you represent him. Says it in chapter 17 18. As thou hast sent me into the world, even so I as he's praying to the father, even so have I also sent them into the world. The father sent him to be a witness. And his witness was true. We read about that in John chapter 5 and chapter 8. And we were looking at how that he was sent to be a witness. And now he's saying that as I was sent by the father to be a witness and I witness for him, now I'm sending you. I'm sending them to be a witness for me. You following how this order is working? Paul says it this way in 2 Corinthians chapter 5:20. Now then, we are ambassadors for Christ. We are his envoy. We are his representative. To be an ambassador means to undertake an embassy. That means a mission. You given charge. You represent Christ. So, you're commissioned. You're equipped as an envoy, as a specifically called and selected person to deliver a message. We are ambassadors for Christ. as though God did beseech you by us. You listening to this? We pray you in the place of Christ, in Christstead, be ye reconciled to God. This is exactly what Christ intended when he said, "As the Father has sent me, so I send you. As I am here, and I've been so long with you, and you should have known the Father, because I declare unto you the Father. I'm going to send you in like manner as ambassadors." And Paul says, "Therefore, I can stand and say in the place of Christ as the voice of God, be reconciled." Amen. So Paul could come with the full powers of Christ to publish and proclaim as if it was actually made by Christ. Brother Bram said, "If you're an ambassador from heaven, all heaven is behind you." He says, "And all heaven consists of the word." Catch that. That's an important phrase. All heaven cons is consisted of the word. So here he has as Christ came and was a witness and testified of the father. Now we are sent to be witnesses uh to be ambassadors are given this delegated authority that constitutes that it constitutes the one that we're we're representatives of Christ. In Luke chap 24:es 45- 49 Christ now in his uh after be after his resurrection and before his ascension he says then opened he their understanding that they might understand the scriptures. So this is important. He's teaching them. He's opened up their understanding. He's giving them greater knowledge. He says, "And said unto them, thus it is written, and thus it behooved Christ to suffer and to rise from the dead the third day. And now subsequently repentance and remission of sins should be preached in his name among all nations beginning at Jerusalem." It it says repentance and remission should be preached in his name upon his authority in as if it was Christ preaching. It's to be preached among all nations beginning at Jerusalem. So he says, since it must be preached, catch this key verse here in verse 48. And ye are witnesses of these things. And behold, I send the promise of my father upon you. But ter ye in the city of Jerusalem until you be endued with power from on high. He's actually qualifying them as witnesses. He's opening up their understanding. He's teaching them. He's establishing what they've witnessed and seen that Christ must suffer. He's rose from the dead. And now what is next is that the gospel must be preached in the name of Christ to all nations starting first at Jerusalem. And so since you are witnesses of these things, I'm going to endue you with power from on high. The father is going to endue you with power so that you can be true witnesses that can testify not of the history of Christ but the reality of Christ. Brother Brandham said God who God sends God protects. God confirms the word. If God sent an ambassador somewhere to do something, he's got to stand behind that commission. So here he's going to stand behind that. He's going to endue them with power from on high that's going to qualify and substantiate their ability to witness and testify of something, the gospel. They're going to be preached repentance or remission of sins. How are they going to preach that if they haven't experienced that? How are they going to be able to preach the the the quickening power of God if they have not experienced that? Luke writes it this way in Luke 1:es 1 to4. And we can see here in Luke 24, his understanding was open. Christ taught him. Christ commissioned him. And so when Luke writes this, he introduces his letter this way. For as much as many have taken in hand to set forth in order a declaration of those things which are most surely believed among us, many have been writing, these other apostles have written these letters, even as they delivered them unto us, which from the beginning were eyewitnesses and ministers of the word. Their witness is true. They saw it. They experienced it. Their understanding has been opened. They saw the works. They heard the voice. So he says, see, and they've had their voice and their witness. It seemed good to me also. Verse three, having had perfect understanding of all things from the first, to write under thee in order, most excellent Theophilus, that thou mightest know the certainty of those things wherein thou hast been instructed. Luke is taking it very seriously that as Christ was sent by the father, so has he been sent. and having an understanding and being an eyewitness. He wants to make certain ensured to Theophilles even by this letter. I want to testify. I want to give witness. I want to give my voice to those things which I know to be true. He's not doing it of his own. He's not testifying of himself. He's a representative of Christ. In Acts 1:8, he says, "But ye shall receive power." This is Christ again after the same order of how you will be endued with power from on high. Repentance and remissions must be preached in his name in hisstead among all nations beginning at Jerusalem. So it says it this way. Ye shall receive power after that the Holy Ghost has come upon you has come upon you there. Once you believed and you received this power, the Holy Ghost is going to give you power and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem and in all Judea and in Samaria and to the uttermost parts of the earth. Ye shall be martyrs. We might say martyrs in our English. You shall be witnesses unto me. You're going to prove by example the genuiness of your faith. You're going to testify. You're going to witness. You're going to broadcast of Christ beginning at Jerusalem. When they received the Holy Ghost, it empowered them to be witnesses. What were they testifying of? Not a historical Christ, a present Christ, one that was a reality to them. Once they received the Holy Ghost, now they could testify and say, "I know that God is real." A and I'm wanting to preach to you and show to you and express to you the realities of the word of God. I'm not just reading in the word and kind of speculating. I'm not just quoting. I'm not just putting together uh uh uh you know, some siloquies, some things that I had chat GPT drum up. I'm going to declare to you something that I know is reality in my heart. Peter says it this way in 2 Peter chapter 1:16. having witnessed the voice on Mount Transfiguration. He says, we witnessed this rehearsal of his coming. We've seen these things take place. If we have not followed cunningly devised fables, we're not making this up. This isn't fiction. We're not just imagining this when we made known unto you the power and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. But we were eyewitnesses of his majesty. Peter's saying, "I'm a true witness. I've seen it. I know it. I'm not just making this up. I'm not just devising this. I'm not just conjuring this up. This isn't part of my own imagination. This is real. I am an eyewitness of his majesty. Proverbs 13:1 17 says, "A wicked messenger fallth into mischief, but a faithful ambassador is health." A true ambassador brings healing. A true ambassador is one who is faithful to say what needs to be said even at the meaning of the scripture that one who's a wicked and and not faithful even the wounds of a friend are faithful someone who's willing to be honest a faithful ambassador one who's an envoy someone who is an embassy sent on behalf of somebody one that has the truth an eyewitness he brings health he brings healing to love your neighbor fulfills the law is a an Easter egg a lingering reference from a prior sermon, brother says this in confirmation of the commission. This was I believe this one was preached in Tempe. I was really enjoying a lot of things in this. Maybe if you could go back and listen to this yourselves or read it, I think it'd be very appropriate for this theme. He says, "We find so many times, listen to this, it's so good. We find so many times in the army, I've heard my brothers and many of those who are overseas, many times the Japanese and the Germans and the other alien countries that were against us in the war." He's kind of looking at it historically. If they could find a dead pick up a dead soldier and get one of their soldiers in uniform that would fit him, he could impersonate an American soldier. Think of this very deeply now. He can wear the garb. He kind of present outwardly something. And he had to be properly identified or they'd never believe his uniform or maybe his tag he had on his neck. So, I'm not just going to go by the uniform or the tag. there was something maybe unknown or secret, a secret password or code, and he had to properly be identified or they'd never believe what he what he looked like. He had to be identified that he was an American soldier because could easily be a spy. He says just any cheap spy can wear wear a uniform of the United States, right? Kind of that's kind of nice. Cold War, espionage, war spies. He says we find that in all walks of life. Well, it was kind of fun, brother Bradom, when you were talking about war, espionage and spies and the KGB and the CIA, but now in all walks of life. And then this is the example he gives to me. It's just remarkable. We find today maybe on the street we hear many a person say that they're American. American. Listen, come on you Republicans. I want you to hear this. And here's some time ago coming out of the quartermaster that used to be there at Jeffersonville. I was walking one morning going on patrol and there was a well-dressed fellow walking down the street, great big cigar in his mouth, an employee of the government. He looked over at me in the morning with a pair of sunglasses on. I said, "Good morning, sir." He looked over at me and said, started walking on. Now I thought to myself self self he says I thought to myself I shouldn't say nothing but in my heart he wasn't really an American because American principles are not based upon such as that what do you think he says it's based on guns right freedom of speech right those are America right up Listen, America's principles are not based upon such such stuff as that fellowship, tolerance, goodwill. And all the bleeding heart liberals said, brother Ram said, "This is what America's based on. Fellowship, tolerance, goodwill." You see, all that live in America are not Americans. There are spies, communist, and everything else. And the only way that we know we can really know whether they're right or not is by their actual what's inside of them. Whether their heart is in America or just their pocketbook. Is that a riff on is is he ripping on capitalism now? Fellowship, tolerance, goodwill. He's saying if you don't have this, you're not American. Just because you wave an American flag doesn't make you American. It depends on what it is. Any phony can have these so-called credentials and still not be a real genuine article. That's why I believe that all who come our way calling themselves Christians, ambassadors sent from heaven, they should have a confirmation of their commission. I believe there should be a confirmation of their commission. Now let's just take the two examples that he gave and apply it to now how he's saying confirmation of the commission and how we are to be ambassadors of Christ as he was sent by the father and the father witnessed and vindicated to him said I know where I came from I know where I'm going the father he testifies of me he witnesses he backs up and proves the things that I say and the father is with me and so as the father has been with me so shall you be sent and he will be with you and the comforter will come brother saying if we're going to be his ambassadors and representatives. If we're going to stand in thestead of Christ, we have to have a confirmation of our Christian our our commission so that we can be the real genuine article, right? So that there can be something authentic about us and we're not just spies. We're not just putting on a dead soldier's uniform. We're not just pretending to be American. We're not just pretending to be Christian. He uses an example of a spy in an espionage with the intent maybe to deceive. and how someone worked for the government and was supposed to be an American, but in brother Brandon's view, this is him personally saying they didn't act like an American. Where was the fellowship? Where was the goodwill? Where was this reciprocation of my greetings? Where's the tolerance? Now, there's so there's an applicable and and then I would say if we want to be good Americans based upon what brother Brandham said, we should have fellowship, tolerance, and goodwill. But I'm not here preaching to Republicans and Democrats. I'm preaching to Christians. And in the same way, in the same manner, the kingdom that we were a part of, that we are a part of has certain characteristics. And he says that those that call themselves Christians, your heart better be in it. Not just in it for the wrong reasons or pretending. There must be a confirmation of your commission. I want to use this scripture. in 1 John chapter 5. And since I want to use it, I will use it. In 1 John chapter 5, 19, 20, and 21, now catch this in the same way that Jesus was saying, you don't know where I come from and where I'm going. You don't know the father. The word does not abide in you. And he's kind of drawing this line saying, you look at me as merely human. I'm not merely human. My reality goes beyond human means. I'm not subject to the same laws that you're thinking about. And so think of it in the same way here in 1 John chapter 5 these three verses. We know that we are of God. This is something where he's saying we are of God not just of man. We have some deity in us. We're not just merely humanity. We know that we are of God and the whole world lith in wickedness. So now he has drawn that same dichotomy to where I come from God. I go to God is how Christ was saying it. Now John is saying we are from God. We are part of God. and the whole world is groping in darkness in evil and we know that the son of God is come and have given us an understanding. These are these principles upon which your experience must be based that we know that we have been born again by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. It has given us an understanding that we might know him that is and the Greek word is real or true here in the scripture and we are in him that is real. We are in him that is true even in his son Jesus Christ. This is the real God. This is the true God and eternal life. So we are in him. This is our reality. I my reality is not just based upon me being born of a woman. My reality is not just based in my human experience. I am of God because the Holy Spirit has come into me and given me an understanding and I know a reality beyond the human one. Think of this. Isn't that what we want to testify to to people? Isn't that what we want to be a witness of, but yet look wholly human where Jesus wasn't 900t tall and just kind of hovering in the air and said, "Come on, everybody believe in me." And they're like, "Well, I kind of think I probably should, but rather he looks human. He looked a man about 50 years old and and there was a lot of humanity about him, but he's trying to implore them and speak to him." And this great miracle would be that they could believe in him and trust in him. It's one of the hardest things that God's ever had to do is to get one man to believe in another. And then he makes this statement in verse 21, little children, keep yourselves from idols. Keep yourselves from idols. We are of God and the whole world lith in wickedness. Now I want to read this statement from brother Brandham in Hebrews chapter 2 part one. He says, "A messenger." You are a messenger. What are you, a messenger? From God. You are a messenger of good news or a messenger of bad news. So, I guess you're going to be a messenger regardless. Oh, isn't it beautiful? I guess if you shut up your mouth to the good news, it defaults to bad news. You know how they say uh bad news is good news, right? You know, to good bad publicity is good publicity, right? Any publicity is good. Well, we're not in marketing in that way. We're not not looking for clout or to go viral. And so they some say no news is good news in certain situations. Well, that's not how it works with the gospel. You can't keep your lip shut and not be guilty of bad news. You can't choose not to testify. You can't exercise your American rights. The fifth, I plead the fifth, God. No, there's no fifth. Says, "Oh, isn't it beautiful to know that we are ambassadors? We are angels, the messengers of the resurrection. Who is that today? I don't say this disrespectfully, but don't just try to put on the character of brother Brandham and wear the replica belt buckle and hat and carry the briefcase and put on a dead messengers's uniform and try to pretend to be an envoy of the message. You now have to be a messenger of the resurrection. We are God's messengers to the sinful world that Christ lives. What world? The world that's lying in wickedness. We are of God and the whole world lies in wickedness. And you are the ones that know that the son of God has come and has given you an understanding that you may know him that is real and you are in him that is real. You know Jesus Christ and you know the true God and you have eternal life and the whole world is wanting and lacking. And you're to be the messenger of that messengers to a sinful world that Christ lives in our hearts. He lives in our spirit. He lives and he brings us from the low debauch life of sin and exalts us and gives us a hallelujah in our soul and makes us new creatures. We are messengers, angels of the covenant. That's what you're to be. This is the reality that you're to testify of. And so he says, you are of God. If I could just say, put us all in this. We are of God. We are not of this world, but the whole world's lying in wickedness. So he says, keep yourselves from idols. The word there is apparition or spectre. Keep yourselves from phantoms of the mind. Keep yourselves from imaginary gods. Keep yourselves from an image of a false god. We might think that an idol is something that is crafted out of gold or silver that ones would kneel to in worship. But it also speaks of these vain things and these imaginations in our minds that we as Christians must be genuine. It must be real. And we've got to be our real selves. keep ourselves from vain imaginations. Keep yourselves from idolatry and idols because it's going to undermine what you're witnessing of. There is a genuine reality that you can testify to. If I could say this, try to encourage you to be the best witnesses you can. And I'm not even talking about using your words, but being the best witnesses you can. If you could be convinced that what you're representing and what you've experienced is real, then you could have confidence and believe in your heart, Lord, let the supernatural be impressed upon someone that I can convey through my character and my attitude that there's something greater than the paycheck. There's something greater than economics, there's something greater than the pain, that there's a real living God and a reality beyond this one. And I'm convinced of it. So, I'm not afraid of death. I'm not afraid of man. I don't live solely within this realm of humanity and I'm not trusted in human testimony because I having been sent by Christ. He is going to back up what I say the same way the same way that God backed the son up. My life he's going to stand behind me. It's a different reality. We are messengers of the covenant. So let's keep ourselves from idolatry phantoms of the mind. Acts chapter 17 28 and 29 to these are two verses that are so rich, so heavy to really lift. It'd be good exercise to lift these on a regular basis. For in him we live and move and have our being. This is our reality. This is where we have our motion. This is where we have our existence. This is where our origin is. This is where our continuence is. This is where our destiny is in him. We live, we move, and we're going to have our existence, our full being. Then he appeals to their pop culture. There are poets are certain also your own poets have said for we are also his offspring. Verse 29 is saying then if that's true if that's true then as we are the offspring of God we ought not to think imagine portray that God is like unto gold or silver or stone. He's not human in that way. He's not contrived by man. He's not made up. Graven by art and man's devices. There's a difference between the reality of God and man's perception. We ought to think or imagine God to be the same as somebody else's idol or the same as something that's been fabricated by man, made by the skill of man, or existing only in man's devices only in our imagination. There's a lot that you can do when you're convinced that it's true from a human perspective just from carnal you believe you can do it. And there's been people there's been evidence of people who've been told well do this and do that and this is going to be the outcome. And so someone just thinks well that's just what they do and they try to do it and it's like oh my goodness why did you do that? Well you said if I did this this is what happened. Did it work? Yeah. Why? Because they believed it was so and they could do it. And there's a there's a check here to where we say, "No, this isn't just human put yourself, you know, everything you can into it. You can accomplish whatever you want and all things are possible if you just try hard enough and put in 10,000 hours." No, that is not what godhood is like. If we are his offspring, then there's a reality different than the one that man perceives. Brother Elliot, I can think you can see that analogy of the cave in that. We've been talking about some of these philosophers and their perception of reality and how things are and how, you know, the allegory of the cave that you just you just lived in a cave and fire was on the other side of a curtain. All you saw were shadows being projected by man-made light. To you, whatever you're perceiving, that's all there is. But when one leaves the cave and they're in the sunlight, that's that's real living. That's the real thing. And even that is just an analogy of really Christ being made real. How when we're in the world, the whole world lith in wickedness. What are they? They're only viewing man-made things. They're only viewing humanity. They think like humans. And what we have experienced by the grace of God is something beyond that, something real and genuine. And therefore, we should have a heart for those who are still stuck in wickedness and darkness, who are groping at the shadows and the things that man contrive. So, we must be convinced that what we've seen and what we've heard and what we've known and what we've experienced is beyond the shadows, beyond the wickedness, that you are light in the world so that others could come to know and exit the cave as it were and come to live in the sun, the sen light. Matthew chapter 16, Jesus is saying, "Who do men say that I am?" Oh, you're this, you're that. And says Peter, but who do you say that I am? And Peter said, ' Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God.' And Jesus saying, "Now this is flesh and blood has not revealed this to you, but my father which is in heaven hath revealed this to you." There's the there's the kicker, right? That you you couldn't learn this humanly, but the father has given you understanding. And he says this in verse 19, "And I will give unto you the keys of the kingdom of heaven." Keys in this word, it denotes authority or power. I'm going to give you the keys of the kingdom of heaven. And whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven. And whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven. One translation renders it that whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall have already been bound in heaven. Very interesting way of putting it. Whatsoever you loose on earth shall have already been loosed in heaven. Because what is it reflecting? Something that it already is. Right? Something that is real. God's thoughts are real. They are eternal. So the new birth, as we could take from some of these other scriptures, we're just coming to a close. It empowers you. It endus you as a believer to be an ambassador from heaven. So you stand between divine reality and human perception. Just as Christ came and says, "I'm from my father which is in heaven." And like before me, before Abraham was, I am. What in the world? We know who your dad is. You being a man not over 50 and you say before Abraham was, I am. And seriously, but in reality, he's standing there saying, "No, I'm bridging between two different realities." And no, I'm going to give you the keys of the kingdom of heaven. And whatever you bind on earth shall be bound in heaven. Whatever you loose on earth will be loose to heaven. You're going to stand between between this divine reality and human perception. You're going to stand between, just think of this. You're going to be a veil between heaven and earth. And as we used before last year, I think it was gates of heaven. You're going to stand there as one who knows you've got heaven behind you. You're going to stand there knowing that within you is something real and something eternal. And so, you don't just stand there with a human mind and a human intellect and you're but yet you want to be able to convey those things that are divine that are only known by his nature and spirit. You want to somehow be able to stand there as an emissary, as someone that stands between heaven and earth is remember heaven consists of the word which is now a reality in you, right? Luke 17 20 and 21. And when he was demanded of the Pharisees when the kingdom of God should come, he answered and said unto them, answered them and said, "The kingdom of God cometh not with observation. God's kingdom is not something that you're going to contrive mentally or work up. That's why Peter says we haven't followed cunningly devised fables. What does it mean to be cunningly devised? It's well thought out. Can sound convincing. You can spin a narrative in a yarn, right? You can just be you can invent all sorts of invectives and experiences and put them in a book and get millions and millions of followers. Kingdom of God comes not with observation. Neither shall they say low here or low there. For behold, the kingdom of God is within you. Again, it's drawing that line between human experience and human perception and how the kingdom of God is within you. Christ is your reality. To you, he's been made real, but yet not made real to the lost. The gospel be hid if hid to them that are lost. So now the gospel Christ who's been made real to you is to be made real in you. Jesus knew who the father was. Convinced then concerned. He knew where he came from. He knew where he was going in the in between. He had to be faithful to the father that sent him. Brother Brandham in the sermon adoption part one says then if God hath sent us to be his ambassadors all power that is in heaven all that God is all of his angels and all of his power stands behind our words if we are correctly and ordained sent messenger to the people. God has set you and placed you in the church and your experience to be a one who testifies of the gospel. Not necessarily a pulpit ministry, not even so much using your words, but in whatever means by which he can have preeminence in your life. You are to be an ambassador of God and you stand frontf facing. You face the world front face and you're facing the same things Jesus did where he said, "Well, you can't testify of yourself and you can't be a singular witness." But he says, "Well, I can because I know my father." So though we may be front-facing the world, all of heaven is behind us. though we might we're putting our face forward and we're going forward and we're working through this world. We know beyond this one is an eternal kingdom. We know beyond this one we're going to meet the Lord in the air. We know where we're going. We're certain of that. So as we face the world and we're frontf facing the world and we rub shoulders with the world. All of heaven is behind you. You know where you come from. You are a messenger to the people. Right. In closing, we use this scripture in John chapter 4 23. What a this even in John chapter 4. What a beautiful example of what it means to be a witness. Christ is standing there in thestead of God. He's representing the father and what happens. I want you to think about this in terms of witnessing because we we we've been talking about real and there's a lot there that we could chew on in this. But then there's also something that's relatable. And then and it also has to be you want to be relevant. I mean I mean we could be really really sincere and we can put our sincerity in terms that people can relate to. But if we're trying to get everybody to build an ark or rub a gravestone in Jeffersonville, that's not really relevant. But here Christ comes as the one she's looking for. Oh, we know when Messiah comes, I'm he. She goes and she's a witness. She runs into the city and she says, "Come see a man who's told me things that nobody else would know." And the whole city came out to see him. That that that's a good example of of being a witness. This even that exchange, very good example of what it means to be a witness. And he says, ' But the hour cometh, and now is this phrase here, when the true worshippers, the real worshippers shall worship the father in spirit and in truth. For the father seeketh such to worship him. Really, at the end of the day, that's what you need, right? You need the spirit in you, living in you, and the truth. I say, if you only had two things, that's all you need. spirit and truth. His spirit living inside of you and a truth that's ever unfolding. Do you realize with that with his spirit and truth you you'll never have lack for anything. Only if you stand in the way, the real worshippers, the true worshippers. the Mike if you could come brothers to your instruments maybe we could sing that chorus as as one of a worship song let the worshippers arise the real ones the true ones of studying even this word worshipper and it speaks of of kissing the hand of the Lord and worshiping him and you know paying this honor and respect but do we not do that through the lives we live isn't true worship going to be expressed of the fragrance of your life I I like that song it was written I think it might be casting crowns. Is it okay to say that band? I didn't say counting crows. I said casting crowns. But let my life song sing to you. Let let my let it not just be in times like this. Right? As brother Josiah says, I want altars over stages. I don't want to be bright lights and music and a stage show. I I want it something sincere from my heart. And brother Bam says in question and answers on Hebrews part three. Listen, he says, "Oh, if the great holy church only realized its power to do these [Music] things, but there's so much doubt and fear and [Music] trembling. Don't you think it's true? Don't we don't we struggle sometimes with doubt? Oh, I'm sorry. This is Wednesday night. Excuse me. We'll save that for Sunday. There's so much doubt, fear, and trembling, wondering if it will could it happen? He says, as long as that exists, the church can never stand [Music] upright. And when every talk of fear is vanished and the Holy Spirit's completely in control of the church, then all fear is gone and that church has power. [Music] You see, brother Alfonso, where the devil would want to use this cause you to fear. [Music] He says, "Why? They have everything that heaven owns behind them. You're going to face the world tomorrow. You're going to do it. You're going to face your boss. You're going to face work. You're going to face troubles. You're going to face trials. You're going to face the critic, the skeptic, right? You're going to face the reality that the government's been lying to you for years because your former president had cancer. Can you believe it? The world's falling apart. And now there's a Chicago style pope. But you're going to have to face it. Face everything. But everything that heaven owns is behind you. Don't worry about what you face. Heaven's behind you. Don't worry about what you're going to be going through. Heaven's behind you. They are ambassadors of the throne. Absolutely. An ambassador of Christ has the authority and everything that Christ owns belongs to that ambassador. Hallelujah. This is what it means to be a joint heir. And he said, "Go you into all the world. You are my witnesses after the Holy Ghost has come on you." And what is a witness? It is an ambassador to come and witness something. The whole power of heaven is right in your hands. Listen. shake yourselves and wake yourselves up. Th this is why I think the the language of the third pull is so beautiful. This isn't a stage show. You know, I sit there going, "Oh man, I really wish I could preach a meeting and I could get up there and I could form the the the preacher tunnel for everyone to walk through. I wish I could do a miracle line." It's so far removed from that. That that's not where it exists. And we're all just kind of emptying out our buckets so the the big names can get up there and pray for people. No. All of heaven's behind you. All of heaven's behind the housewife. All of heaven's behind that homeschool teacher. All of heaven is behind you. Why? Because he's placed his Holy Spirit in you for you to be a witness. To come and witness something that you know is real and true. The whole power of heaven. You ought to believe this with everything that's in you. The entirety of heaven's power is in your hands. It's in your [Music] hands. He says it at different places. If we could just be that correctly ordained place. Just stay in your position. Stay in your lane. This isn't for you. This isn't to prop yourself up. Christ could have he came and he wasn't he wasn't just spouting himself off. He wasn't just trying to give this pretense that he was somebody. He still acknowledged the father and we come in his name and we'll be faithful to it. We are his ambassadors. We're not even we're not even representing the bride. Oh, we're bride. We're we're the bride of Christ. It's Christ. God, help us to be an ambassador who knows all of heaven is in our hands. Let's stand tonight. Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer. If you need prayer tonight, just lift your hand up before the [Music] Lord. Our gracious heavenly father, tonight through this short service we had a very singular focus to speak of your reality and how that when we were debauched in sinful living, we knew not that reality. We heard about it. Maybe there was moments where we might have felt something beyond ourselves. But to say that we knew, we couldn't say so, Lord. But when you reach down your hands for to us, Lord, and you reached to pick us up out of that mire and that muck, you've brought us into a light and an existence which is beyond this one that we know apart from human senses. It's not that we've tasted it or heard it or seen it physically. It's not even that we've imagined it or feel it emotionally, but it's real in our souls. And we know that you are alive. And not that just you're alive and there's something supernatural beyond humanity, but that deity lives in us. And as you sent your son to declare your heart and to declare your character, we know that we are likewise now sent as ambassadors of Christ, his representatives. Lord, may it become a greater reality. We need it for our own sakes, but also Lord, for others so that others could come to your light. And all heaven, all powers of heaven are in our hand because everything you own and all of heaven is behind us. We're compassed about with so many great a cloud of witnesses that have gone before us, who've stood with all of heaven behind them. And we know that when we're in your will, you'll fight this battle. that you'll back up what you said. Lord, I believe that's at the heart of what Jesus was expressing in John chapter 5 is I'm not just saying my own things. I'm not just writing my own lyrics. L this is you, the father, that gave it to him. So, he knew that he wasn't judging humanly. He wasn't judging after human tenementss and human thoughts, but he he had your mind to know what you want it done. He was catching revelation. He was feeding on that. So, it was from you, Lord. Let us likewise be very faithful to your word to have your mind to know what you want done with the word. Bless us tonight as we consecrate ourselves to you. We want this to be a reality as husbands, as fathers, as brothers. Lord, I know for me as I think of these things as a man, I I want to be the right kind of father to teenage boys. I want to be the right kind of father to a teenage girl. I want to have that kind of backbone and character for my children and also to be the right kind of witness for my wife. I want to be a leader in the home in the right way. Lord, I want to have that just as brother Brandham used the example of a spy or a fake American. Lord, I want to have the genuine article of a godly man and a Christian in my life. Maybe it'll be so salty other people get thirsty. Lord, I would want I want to lead a soul to you, Father. I want to see converts to this great light. Help us to be true witnesses. I pray in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
