################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-04 - The Art of Witnessing - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-04
Title:   The Art of Witnessing
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zzVUrAVmxz4
========================================

Description:
The Art of Witnessing
Sunday Service: May 4, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Matthew chapter 5 verse 14. Ye are the light of the world. A city that is set on a hill cannot be hid. Neither do men light a candle and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick, and it giveth light unto all that are in the house. Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your father which is in heaven. Amen. You can take your seats. I'd like to begin uh maybe over the next several services a little bit a different subject than we've been on previously. And so my title today is the art of witnessing. And there's been some things on my heart in terms of how that we can be a witness, called to be a witness. There's a number of different themes that you could find in the message of the hour in terms of billboards and and ambassadors. And there's a lot of ways that we can look at ourselves in terms of today you have influencers or brand evangelist and you have different ones that have occupied different spaces in order to convey information. And I just believe that there's a role that we play uh in spreading the gospel. And there's a lot of ways that it's done in this end time that uh have you know maybe social media aspects to it or almost like guerilla warfare. There's a lot of Christians today that I think have become terrorist. uh they're just looking to ambush you and attack you. And I think there's just a way that we should go about spreading the gospel uh that is in the manner of Christ in his spirit and that what we're sharing uh has some relevance and it's making a difference. So just looking at this idea of being an effective witness and fulfilling our calling to witness the gospel. If we see here in verse 14 of where we read in Matthew chapter 5, it says, "Ye are the light of the world." And so you are the world's light. So there is a a brightness that's a lamp brightness or lamp. You're emitter of light. A city that is set on a hill cannot be hid. So now Jesus is using these allegorories as it were to describe how it is that you are the world's light. That a city is set on a hill. A city being set on a hill uh is easily seen. The way that it's emitting light and it cast a glow where you can see it. I know that we uh here living in the valley uh if you live in the city, it never gets dark at night because you have so much light pollution reflecting off of clouds and the sky and so there's always this sense of light. Uh you put that city on a hill and you're at a great distance, if you're out in the middle of nowhere, you can still see that light reflecting say that in that direction is that city. Says this again in another way of uh conveying this thought. Neither do men light a candle and put it under a bushel, but on a candlestick. So there's placement of this candle on a candlestick so that it giveth light unto all that are in the house. Says, "Let your light so shine before men." So in the same way that a city is on a hill and it cannot be hid. In the same way that if a candle is lit, it's not hidden. If you put under a bushel, light fire is going to the candle's going to go out. It's going to light the bushel on fire. And at that point, it wasn't really effective. it. It accomplished what it was supposed to do. Let your light so shine before men that they may see your good works. So now he's added something in there in terms of what this light looks like when it shines. They may see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven. So you are the light of the world and being the light of the world. There's different ways that you could look at this in terms of we already mentioned that you're actually uh you have you're a lamp, you're a light, but it's also used metaphorically of truth and knowledge. And so you are the source of truth. You are the source of true knowledge. It speaks of spiritual purity or moral or spiritual truth. So there's a way in which you you are the ones that hold and possess this knowledge or this truth. In Ephesians 5:es 8 to10, for ye were sometimes darkness, but now are ye light in the Lord. Walk as children of light. One thing I want you to think about in terms of him saying that Jesus is saying you are the light of the world. Now Paul's saying now are you light. You are not just a a Christian inwardly but you're to be exposed to view. So it means a city set on a hill. You are the light of the world that men may see your good works. There's something where uh you are a light. You're exposed to public view. Christianity is not a secret affair. Right? There's a lot that can be said about the third pool and it's a secret. It's a secret. Well, we can't use that to mean like we don't want anyone to know. We don't want anyone to know what we believe. We don't want anyone to know that we're Christians and and somehow that's what it's become. It's become more of a cult of personality, uh, clickish and very cultish. And that's not the way that God desires the gospel to be spread. You were sometimes darkness, but now you are light in the world. Walk as children of light. So, it's the way that you conduct yourself, way that you live. This to me is a real key point. For the fruit of the spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth, proving what is acceptable unto the Lord. So this shining light is described as we could even say in both of these instances good works where we are emitting a life and this life now you are light. You're living as children of the light and that is going to be the fruit of the spirit. How you live is the fruit of the spirit and it's displaying goodness and righteousness and truth. So, you are something. I could even say you're you're a work of God that is put on display. You are a fruit that is on display. And so, this shining light is described as good works. Now, you are light. Let your light shine so that men may see your good works. Now, just as kind of a a balance to this or an understanding of where it's coming from, in Matthew chapter 6:5, it says, "When thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are." So, there should be no hypocrisy in our good works, in our light. Uh, be not as the hypocrites are, for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets, that they may be seen of men. Verily, I say unto you, they have their reward. So there's to be a radiance in our life. There's to be some a light that's being admitted. It's Jesus uses the term good works that catches the attention of one who sees of one who is near, one that is present. But it's not showy. It's not self-s serving. It's not to bring attention to yourself. There has been a phenomena. There's always been a phenomena that existed where people do things to get attention. But now people do it for clicks or to get views. So they can monetize their pranks. they can monetize their good works where uh here's $1,000. I want to give you $1,000. And it just happens to be a camera rolling. Well, they do this to make money, right? It's not necessarily perfectly altruistic. Uh because if you just gave them $1,000 and told them to give it to somebody, they might be like, "Why? Why do you want me to do this?" He said, "Well, I'm going to be rolling the camera and you're going to get followers. You're going to get views." And so we don't want to be caught up in kind of this modern trend of doing it for the Graham. Amen. Doing it for the vine. That's how we used to do it. We used to do it for the vine. But nowadays, a lot of times we do it for the the social attraction and what other people may think about us. And then it's also interesting just as I've been thinking about uh being a witness. A lot of times when we think about we want to be a witness, we want to spread the gospel, we want to reach out, we think about going onto the street corner, going to the state fair and a and and carrying a sign and street preaching or broadcasting things. And I don't believe that's the most effective witness. That's just me maybe sharing my opinion. News flash, brother Aaron has just offered a real hot sports opinion about effective witnessing. Uh but there's a way that that's very popular. Stand on a street corner with a bullhorn saying, you know, you're all going to hell. All you homosexuals are going to burn. You think you're hot now, just wait. You know, there's a uh and people do that as a means of trying to witness truth. And uh and that's a to me sometimes that's just like these hypocrites standing on the street corners so they can be seen of men. He said there's a reward for them. In Colossians chapter 4:5, this is where I think it starts really drilling down uh deeply what's in my heart. Walk in wisdom. Walk in wisdom toward them that are without redeeming the time. This term redeeming the time has great weight. There's a lot that's meant in that. This walk in wisdom. So there's this wisdom of the life that is lived. If someone has wisdom, let it let them show it through the life that they live. And it says toward them. This is what I want to focus on. This phrase toward them that are without. them that are without was a a phrase or a cliche that immediately everyone would recognize as those who don't believe. It would be a phrase used of the Gentile or the heathen by the Jew. And so your character, your conduct, the way that you live your life is for the benefit of those who do not believe. It's for the benefit of those who have not heard. Walk in wisdom. And it's not so that you can impress uh your family or so that you can be really cool at church, but it's walk in wisdom towards them that do not believe. Walk wisely for the benefit of those who have not heard the gospel. In Ephesians 5 15 to1 17, see then that you walk circumspectly. It's a very heavy standard there. Perfectly. You're going to be walking wisely, not as fools, but as wise. So you there's no foolishness. There's no nonsense. You want to walk uh uh very carefully, circumspectly. You don't want to be foolish, but you want to walk wisely. It says, "Redeeming the time because the days are evil." So, in the face of evil, we're living righteously. We're living circumspectly. We're walking in wisdom for the benefit of those that are without. Wherefore, be ye not unwise, but understanding what the will of the Lord is. These phrases to me in Colossians 4 and Ephesians 5 are joined together. Walk in wisdom. Do not be unwise. Understand what the will of God is. Have this wisdom, this knowledge. As Jesus said, now you are light. And that speaks of having truth and knowledge and and knowing the the mind of God and having the mind of Christ. Then walk circumspectly. Walk in wisdom for the benefit of those who don't have the same wisdom. Let your light so shine before men that those men may see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven. Last week I was reading it a little bit differently. Let your light so shine before men and glorify your father which is in heaven. So our works themselves should glorify our father which is in heaven. And then there is this aspect of let your light shine before men so that men who see your good works it has an impact and an effect. This is something that really clicked for me because I used to view this verse as let your light so shine. In other words, let's do good works so that when people see our good works, they just immediately start glorifying God. It's like, wow, that just never works that way. Very rarely does it ever work that way. But it's such that as you walk in wisdom towards them that are without, as you live this life, as you're this light that is shining and you're light in the world, and you have the fruit of the spirit and all goodness and righteousness and truth, that there will be those who by those works turn to God. Amen. And that your life by your testimony. Other hearts are illuminated. And in being illuminated, it leads to conviction. It leads to this awareness. It leads to light shining into their hearts. And then they are converted or they you might use the word saved or they're brought into the body of Christ. So it's by your testimony, by your witness of a life, there's others that would be come in contact with it. And they in turn are introduced to that grace and they glorify your father which is in heaven. They praise him for his wonderful works. They praise him for his grace. They praise him for the forgiveness of sins. In Ephesians 2:10, it says, "For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them." We are his handiwork is how some translations render this. We are his workmanship. That which has been made. You are his work of art. And what one of the things that originally inspired this thought is when there is an incredible uh piece of art or something has been created, if everyone is looking at it the right way and understands that it's been made by someone, the artwork itself does not receive the honor, but the artist or the one who created it is the one that is praised. And often times you look at something, you're like, "Yeah, I looks okay." Okay. And then they tell you who painted it and you're like, "That's awesome." Right? How many of us could look at something, say, "Well, I mean, it looks looks kind of cartoonish." And then someone says, "Well, that's an original bank scene." We're like, "I thought there was something special about that. I could just tell im immediately the messaging was perfect." And so, it's the artist that is the one that is praised, that gets the credit. And in this in this way, I want you to think of yourself as being that artwork that this work of God that ultimately when your life is viewed, the praise is given to the one who made you. For you are his workmanship created in Christ Jesus unto good works which God hath for before ordained that we should walk in them. So you are made for the purpose of these good works. Jesus has told us that these good works aren't simply to check a box or to make us look good for ourselves or to impress God. Though we are pleasing him in doing this, God places you as light. Whether it be as a city set on a hill or as a candle that has been lit and placed on a candlestick so that it can give light, God places this light for the purpose, catch this, of shining light or providing light for others. Amen. You're set on a hill. You're put on a candlestick so that others may benefit by it. So this is at the heart of witnessing. I want you to recognize this part as Lord willing. Maybe we'll even minister on the heart of a witness. But this the real at the core and at the heart of witnessing is so that others can partake in that same goodness. So that others could come to know the same righteousness. so that somebody else beyond yourself can know truth and come to know Christ. We don't ever want to just live our lives so that we can we're just trying to prove other people wrong. We don't want to have that kind of attitude. And it's like, so you mean if they know truth, their damnation will be greater? Come here, let me tell you something. I want you to know something. Something that's happening in this end time and do it in some sort of vindictive way just to prove Yeah. See, they're not spiritual. See, no. have shouldn't be at the heart of it at all. Deuteronomy 4:es 5-9. This is uh where I want to just amplify this thought of that we are a witness in our lives or for the benefit of others who don't have the same life, have not come to know Christ in the same way that you have. Behold, I have taught you statutes and judgments even as the Lord my God commanded me. Now, I want to just pause for a moment. One thing that I've been thinking about a lot lately and with some of the services that I'm going to be ministering coming up uh and even some of the meetings that I have is one thing and just even entering into feeling for other people is I want people to know that there's victory over certain things that if somebody has lived a life of anxiety or depression and wrestled with suicidal thoughts or their struggle with mental health or something, I want them to know that there's a place that you can get and you can be free. want people to know there's a real joy, there's a real satisfaction, that there's real healing, there's real deliverance. And and we want to convey that that realness of the gospel for others. And how else are they going to know it? It are the best and most effective witness of that is going to be somebody who says, "Look, I know." Yeah. This is what God's word says, and I know it's true. So then here, now let's just back up. I've taught you statutes and judgments. And this is now as Moses had been given these and they've been taught as the Lord my God commanded me. These statutes and judgments you have been taught that you should do so in the land with you go to possess it. So what I have taught you in the wilderness you're continue you continue to do in the land. Keep therefore and do them. We following now uh uh where this where this is coming from in terms of where uh each one of us are in this. These are the script. These are the things that I've given you to do. And and maybe I don't have this slide in there, so I apologize. Behold, I've taught you statutes and judgments, even as the Lord my God commanded me. Keep therefore and do them, for this is your wisdom and your understanding in the sight of the nations. Notice how that we're to let our light shine. This light that we shine is the the wisdom of God, the knowledge of God. Now are you light with the fruit of the spirit, which is goodness, righteousness, and truth. Walk in wisdom towards them that are without. Live circumspectly, not as fools, but as the wise who understand what the will of God is. So each one of these scriptures, we could see in some form with Moses is saying to the children of Israel that the word that I have given you is your wisdom and your understanding in the eyes of other nations. Amen. which shall hear of all these statutes and say, "Surely this great nation is a wise and understanding people." Do you notice how what the response is going to be to these other nations who don't have this and who don't live this? And they're going to say, "There is great wisdom in these things." And they say historically that a lot of the cultures and nations did adopt the Mosaic law and these certain patterns and certain characteristics of this law for their own systems. Your wisdom and understanding in the eyes of others is what is going to be seen as you keep these. And Moses says, "For what nation is there so great who hath God so nigh unto them, even the Lord our God is in all things that we call upon him for? In what nation is there so great that hath statutes and judgments so righteous as all this law which I set before you this day?" I believe this is the truth about the word of God. Amen. that there no one has a word like this that this that this Bible the wisdom that it contains these statutes and these judgments there there's no other religion that has a god nigh to them there there's no other religion out there that has a spirit associated with it of the spirit of Christ says only take heed to thyself and keep thy soul diligently lest thou forget the things which thine eyes have seen and lest they depart from thy heart all the days of thy life, but teach them thy sons and thy sons sons. Right? The statute and the laws or the statute and judgments. That's the law. It was divine instruction that Moses is saying, it contains wisdom and understanding. And in the learning of it, as it says, teach your children. You learn it yourself in the keeping. And the learning, the keeping demonstrated wisdom. It demonstrated the understanding of God as they were kept and as they were lived. And these things were demonstrated through obedience, the Gentiles would be influenced by it. The way that the Hebrews viewed this scripture and the way that they approach it is that by our living and by our obedience that there will be Gentiles who will be influenced to reject idol worship because they worship these false idols and there's no God nigh unto them and there's no uh there's nothing that breaks forth from it. There's no vindication. There's no miracles and signs and wonders that would follow. So the Gentiles would be influenced to reject their false gods and serve the one true God. In other words, God wanted Israel to be an example. And he's asking them to witness by their works, not their words. As I was studying this, I found it very interesting that at no point was there a call to Israel in the Old Testament to go into all the world and preach the gospel. Right? Now, we can get very technical and say yes. You won't find that in the Old Testament. But there was they were to live and conduct themselves as a people, as a society, and as a nation. And as a whole, that would convey the greatness of God. Amen. They were to be an example. They were to witness by their works. In 1 Peter 2:es 11 and 12, and and let me say this again, summarizing Deuteronomy chapter 4, they were receiving the wisdom and knowledge understanding of God through the law. And as they kept that, it would demonstrate wisdom and understanding to the Gentiles. In 1 Peterap 2 11- 12, dearly beloved, I beseech you as strangers and pilgrims, abstain from fleshly lust, which war against the soul, having your conversation honest among the Gentiles, that whereas they speak against you as evildoers, they may by your good works, which they shall behold, glorify God in the day of visitation. The day of visitation is not readily understood in this scripture and what it might mean. But it does speak to the idea that if you are if you have good works and you're not evildoers, in other words, you're not breaking laws and you're not doing things that would violate the trust of the Gentiles or be um evil in itself. that if you have a this honest life, this conversation, have your conversation, your life honest before the people, before the Gentiles, your good works as they behold them will glorify God in the day of visitation. Again, it's it goes back to Matthew chapter 5. We see it in Deuteronomy 4. We see it in Colossians and Ephesians that the life that you live will have an impact on those that are witnessing it. The unbeliever, the one that's never heard before. And in that day of visitation, at some critical moment, whether it be you that is accused of something, there will be this testimony. No, this man does good works. Or when the gospel visits that one, sir, that there's this realization that it is God who has done this. That this is the work of the Lord. So we are to have our lives honest among the Gentiles that they may behold our good works and glorify our father which is in heaven. 2 Kings chapter 5 I'm going to read verses 1 to18 I want to give this example of non and in his healing and how that in this there was a just by the simple testimony of one person we see how the impact of being a witness just have here just a little maid's witness this. Let's just read through this. I'm wanting just to convey the story. And so I trust that we're able to see this. Now, non captain of the host of the king of Syria, was a great man with his master in honorable because by him the Lord had given deliverance unto Syria. He was also a mighty man in valor, but he was a leper. And the Syrians had gone out by companies and had brought away captive out of the land of Israel a little maid. And she waited on Non's wife. She is a captive. She has been made to be a servant in the house of one who has conquered their nation. And this is a great man. I think the scripture want us to understand that non is a great man, a man of valor. He's a mighty man, but he has this infirmity of being a leper. And this she was she waited on non's wife. And so as you kind of get yourself in the story, you can imagine that this little Israelite girl is attending to Non's wife. And so she said, the little Israelite girl says unto Non's wife, because perhaps Non's wife was bemoning the fact that her husband was a leper a and was grieved by that or or very heavy in her heart. And so the little Israelite girl says, "Would God, my Lord, were would God, my Lord," speaking of non were with the prophet that is in Samaria, for he would recover him of his leprosy. this little uh maid had some knowledge of the power of God through the prophet, that she knew that God was with Elisha. She knew the power of God to heal even leprosy. And so she's testifying, I I I would and I pray if only non could be with Elisha, could come see Elisha, then she knew that he would be healed. Amen. We see this testimony and witness amongst others who had been with the prophet. Oh, the prophet uh uh or if you had been here, this would not have happened or we know the power lays within your hands. And one went in and told his lord, saying, "Hey, non thus and thus said the maid that is of the land of Israel that there's a way that you can recover from your leprosy. Now, just by this little maid's witness, watch the series of events." And it might seem to be uh so unnoticed. This was not a tweet that was retweeted. This was not an ex that was e reexed by millions. This was something that in itself was a statement to one who is maybe of in heavy heart. And it's repeated now to non. And the king of Syria said, "Go to and go." And I will send a letter unto the king of Israel. And he departed and took him unto him 10 talents of silver and 6,000 pieces of gold and 10 changes of raignment. And he brought the letter to the king of Israel saying, and this is kind of the breadcrumbs here. The king of Syria is now asking the king of Israel, could you could you do us a solid here? Now when this letter has come unto thee, behold, I have therewith sent non my servant to thee, that thou mayest recover him of his leprosy. And it came to pass when the king of Israel had read the letter that he rent his clothes and said, "Am I God to kill and to make alive that this man do send unto me to recover a man of his leprosy." So maybe didn't quite understand who this was to or who this was for. Wherefore consider I pray you and see how he seeketh the quarrel against me. Now there's something kind of in stirred up like this man is uh trolling me. And it was so when Elisha, the man of God, had heard that the king of Israel had rent his clothes, that he sent to the king, saying, "Wherefore hast thou rent thy clothes, let him come now to me, and he shall know that there is a prophet in Israel." I love I love the dynamics of this. It wasn't in the king of Israel. It's that there's a God, Elisha, the man of God. So Non came with his horses and with his chariot, and stood at the door of the house of Elisha. And Elisha sent a messenger unto him, saying, "Go and wash in Jordan seven times, and thy flesh shall come again to thee, and thou shalt be clean." So Elisha does not come to see non. This great man, this man of valor, one who has brought a lot of money and a lot of changes of reignment, a lot of silver, gold, these precious jewels. And when non is treated this way, he's angry. Verse 11, he's wroth and went away and said, "Behold, I thought he will surely come out to me and stand and call on the name of the Lord his God." and strike his hand over the place and recover the leper. Boy, what a This is the gentile way, isn't it? I want that evangelist to slap my cancer. Right. I want him to lay his hands on it. I want him to call with a loud voice, devil. Right. Right. I want I want the demon to be cast out. Aren't And then he's got a problem with the river and not Abana and Farar rivers of Damascus better than all the waters of Israel? May I not wash in them and be clean? So he turned and went away in a rage. Maybe if I could just inject this. Sometimes the witness isn't effective immediately. It sets in motion. Right. Amen. That's the process. We sometimes we think of the work of art and we think of artwork. But what about the labor in creating it? The process to come to that product. And his servant came servants came near and spake on him and said, notice the wisdom of these ones. He says, "My father, if the prophet had bid thee to do some great thing, wouldest thou not have done it." Remarkable just how much it speaks to human nature. If he'd asked you to do something showy, something flashy, something great, something even hard or difficult, would not have you done it because you you're so desperate for your healing, how much rather than when he say to the wash and be clean. If he told you to do something difficult, go and slay the king of Lebanon. Go and conquer this. Go. He would I got to do this. I got to do this. I want to be healed. He said, "This is very simple." Then he went down, dipped himself seven times in the Jordan according to the saying of the man of God, and his flesh came again like into the flesh of a little child, and he was clean. Amen. He had o he obeyed, and he returned to the man of God. he in all his company and came and stood before him and said, "Behold, now I know that there's no God in all the earth but in Israel." Now therefore, I pray thee, take a blessing of thy servant. But he said, "As the Lord liveth before whom I stand, I will receive none." Notice the heart of even Elisha. He's not doing it for the clicks. He's not trying to monetize his miracles. He's not doing it to try trying to bring glory to himself. He says, "I will receive none of it." And he urged him to take it. So there's this no, please, please take it. He says, but he refused. Pay careful attention to these next few verses. To me, this is the most beautiful part of the whole story. And non said, shall there not then, I pray thee, be given to thy servant two mules burden of earth. He wanted to take the land of Israel enough earth from that land and from that place. B fill up two mules burdens of earth. For thy servant will henceforth offer neither burnt offering nor sacrifice unto other gods but unto the Lord. When he returned back to his pagan land when he returned back to Syria, he wanted to have the ground of Israel. He wanted to have enough soil not as a keepsake but something very practical upon which he could build an altar and he could sacrifice not to false gods but unto the Lord. In this thing the Lord pardon thy servant that when my master goeth into the house of Rimmon to worship there and he leanth on thy hand and I bow myself into the house of Rimon. When I bow down myself in the house of Rim, the Lord pardon thy servant in this thing. The way that it is phrased uh suggests possibly asking for forgiveness of a future mistake. But as I read it and just tried to really weigh it out, there's some there's a repentance that's taking place. Lord, forgive your servant. Pardon me. Forgive me of my idol worship. I purpose in my heart from this time on to serve no other gods but the Lord. By one little girl's witness, seemingly inconsequential, not so much a a demand, well, why don't you go to fi why don't you go find Elisha? Why don't you do this? Why don't you do that? but a testimony that if if he could have an audience with this one in in Israel, he would be made whole. He would be recovered from his leprosy and from that witness and that testimony, not only his name and healed of his leprosy, but in healing, he turns his heart away from the idols to serve God. And he says, "From now on, I will not offer any sacrifice or offering to any other god but the Lord." The art of witnessing it speaks to the skill in testifying, right? And not with your words as much as it is in your demonstration of truth. The act of witnessing is in the shining forth of wisdom for the benefit of somebody else. In 1 Peter chapter 3:es 1 and 2 says, "Likewise ye wives be in subjection to your own husbands that if any obey any obey not the word." So as we read this there's speaking to the believing wife to the believing wife be in subject to your husband. And if he's an unbeliever, if he doesn't obey the word, if he's not a message believer, if he's not a Christian, they also may without the word, without the word being preached, without them believing the word, be won by the conversation, the life of the wives, while they behold your chasteed conversation coupled with fear. If I could put it this way, obedience to the word of God of a wife being in subjection to her husband that her life will then testify to the unbelieving and it demonstrates the wisdom of the word without her even speaking. Amen. You realize that uh one of the one of the greatest witnesses a believing wife could have is to serve her husband and not use the excuse that he's not a believer, right? To to forsake her wely duties. When brother Brandham's asked the question, "Well, my husband's not a believer. He doesn't believe this stuff." And he goes to another church and brother Brandham says, "Well, go to church with him." Right? It's really the opposite anymore uh uh in this day and age where we that in Leodysia where it's the spirit of a strong woman that rich and powerful woman who divorced her husband Leis this powerful woman historically in Leodysia and and she could do launch out on her own right and I won't take away the the experience of and I know I'm speaking in very general terms I won't say that that woman isn't a Christian, but she certainly has separated her husband from his best chance of becoming one himself because she can win. That means to gain one to the faith. The husband can be won by the life of the wife as he sees her witness and her character. gain one to faith by seeing this reverential holy life chased conversation. If we put it in if we invert it and look at it in the other way, a believing wife who is not subject to her unbelieving husband dulls the effect of the gospel. Right? find this in other places in the word where it says be careful the way that you act less what you're doing is associated with what you believe and they attribute servants who won't obey their masters to this new religion they have and students who cheat on their test to this cultist following that their parents are in whatever however you want to look at it in second Peter chapter 2:2 and many shall follow their pernicious ways it speaks of those false prophets and those ones that are defiling the character of others by trees of whom the way of truth shall be evil spoken of. Being a bad example leads to criticisms of Christ. Anytime you're associated with a belief, a thought, a brand, a team, a club, or an idea that your behavior is automatically associated with, you if everyone you ever met from a certain city was always just really rude, you just say, "Those people are rude." Every single one of them. There must be something in the water. And so Christianity will be blamed for your bad behavior. In the same way that a child reflects his parents, we as believers reflect that which we claim to believe. Those who profess to believers to be believers but act unwise or disobedient, they reproach the word. They dole the effects of the word. In Acts chapter 4:13, this is the I'm highlighting the effect that you have on others by the way that you live. That there's this is the purpose of witnessing. It's at the heart of witnessing. The heart of witnessing is that others would come to know Christ. This the testimony of non would be tremendous even if it was it ended with him getting healing from his leprosy. That's wonderful. That's a wonderful effect of the gospel in Acts chapter 4:13. Now when they saw the boldness of Pete and John and perceived that they were unlearned and ignorant men, they marveled and they took knowledge of them that they had been with Jesus. their their actions, the way they con carried themselves gave notice. Not just that these men of the Sanhedrin, these men of the Pharisees and these men of importance had witnessed Peter and John with Jesus historically, but there's a greater depth to this that brother Brandham consistently brings out that they had seen the life of Christ being reflected through their lives that they were living. They were reflecting the life and teaching of the one that they followed. There wasn't such a tremendous departure. Say, "Well, I saw these guys following Christ." But now that Christ is gone, they're doing their own thing, right? Uh they're launching out doing other things, and this isn't what Jesus did. But they could tell that the one who taught those things, the one that did that thing before was now in them. Then the boldness of Peter and John, though they were ignorant and unlearned, the wisdom of Christ, the knowledge of Christ, the reasonleness, the the meekness of Christ was being demonstrated in them. Acts 11 26 says, "And when he had found them, he brought him unto Antioch." And this is the phrase we'd like you to see is and it came to pass that a whole year they assembled themselves with the church and taught much people and disciples were called Christians first in Antioch. Christians that Christianos a follower of Christ. We could look at this and say maybe this was a term of derision that they did it in a way that was mocking. But notice the disciples didn't call themselves Christians. We call ourselves believers. We call ourselves Christians. We call ourselves all sorts of things. But this term Christian was something that the people at Antioch gave the believers as they called are called disciples. As they gathered together to teach and they assembled together and they loved one another and they served one another and they taught obeying the teachings. They were called a disciple, a follower of Christ. They gave them the name Christian because they obeyed the teachings of Christ. A follower of Christ is one who imitates Christ. One who follows after Christ. In the sermon, God's chosen place of worship, brother Brandham drawing from the Acts chapter 4 and even I think it has application here. He says in his promised word, you won't have to interpret it. He will interpret it through you. what you are doing what he promised to do. The church that follows him will be so much like him until the people will know. I've had to I I've had to realize that when brother Brandon puts it in this language, it's not that we're going to be able to achieve such a balanced, unoffensive, loving, sweet Christian life so that everyone's like Aaron McGiri just just leave him alone. He is just God incarnate. You know, he loves everybody, treats everybody so well, and has the right answer to every situation. And and though we don't agree with his stance on all these things, how can you hate him? How can you be offended? Right? It's not that at all. Living living as Christ is going to be offensive to the majority. But our goal isn't to get people to be like, "Oh, they're just so sweet and kind." Yeah. And it's not that people won't say you're evil because you're following this and you're following that. But you must be so much like Christ until others know where Christ is. Where others see that this is a different Christ that more than ever before there we need on earth a true representation of Christianity because it's you say well it was bad 50 years ago. It's a hundfold worse now. Brother Bradom, seed it in the seed form and here it is today. It's more religious but yet more antichrist than it's ever been before. And even as we experience some kickback and and things are being toppled down and it seems there's this resurgence of faith and and religion and they're saying, "Oh my, never before have young men been so gravitated towards the gospel and there's more an upswell of religion in many places." No, no, no, no. Don't don't get uh don't think for a moment that America's having her revival. She rejected it. I found it very interesting in 1956 is when America rejected God. And that's when the phrase artificial intelligence was first introduced. It was the moment you reject true intelligence. The only thing that's left is the artificial. 1 Peter chapter 3 13-17. If you weren't here Wednesday night, you missed first Pete or it might have been second Pete. And I had Power Puffs. I got screenshots from around the world of even Powerpuffs. Is that a cartoon like a thing? because there was these cartoonish characters being, you know, photoshopped into it. And the feedback I got is everyone was wondering, and I took it as a compliment, how is he going to work this into the Powerpuffs? Somehow they had the confidence that I would, and it was just a typo. Powderpuffs is what brother Brandham called them. First Pete chapter 3 to 17. And who is this? Who is he that will harm you? this phrase. I guess I meditated on this a lot longer yesterday than I thought I would. Who is it that will harm you? If you be followers of that which is good, quite a statement. If you follow that which is good, if by your good works, you glorifying your father which is in heaven. I said, who is it that's going to harm you? But and if you suffer for righteousness sakes, happy are you. So who will harm you if you're doing good? He says, "But if you do suffer, if you are harmed for righteousness sake, then you should be happy and be not afraid of their terror, neither be troubled." What a comfort. We know that when we're doing well, we're in the line of duty, God will fight your battles. The only time we should worry is when we know we're being disobedient. And the only worry you should have is that you would choose to remain disobedient because all you have to do is repent and come back to obedience and God is going to fight your battles. So he says, "But sanctify the Lord God in your hearts and be ready always to give an answer to every man that askketh you a reason of the hope that is in you with meekness and fear." What a challenge to have the right answer in the in the moment when you're asked, "What's the reason of your hope? Why is it you can keep your head when everyone else is losing theirs? Why is it you don't sweat this hard stuff? Why is it you're worried about the economy? Why is it you're not worried about this cancer diagnosis? Why is it you're not worried about your husband doing this? And why is it why are you so calm about your children? you're raising a bunch of teenagers. You got to have a reason for the hope that is in you. So when you answer the question, it's not self-s serving, but it actually becomes a source of hope for others. Having a good conscience that whereas they speak evil of you as evildoers. So if you're an evildoer or if even they're uh calling you an evildoer as it's already mentioned in chapter two with the this honest conversation your good works will glorify God in the day of visitation. Though they may challenge you as an evildoer they may be ashamed that falsely accuse your good conversation in Christ. Your life will shame the false accusers. For it is better if the will of God be so that you suffer for welloing than for evildoing. If you do something wrong, you're going to pay for it. One thing I have learned that is if you make a mistake as a Christian and you suffer for it, don't be quick to blame the fact that you're a Christian is why you're suffering. Own it and say, "I wasn't honest to that person. I mistreated them. That's why they said the things they did about me. That's why they were ugly. That's why they did this. That's why they did that is because I made the mistake. Sometimes I say, well, you know, blessed are those that live righteously because, you know, they're going to be called all sorts of names and they're only doing that because they don't do just just own it. So, you know, I I handled that wrong. In 1 Thessalonians 4:12, your good conversation in Christ is the witness against the false accusers. Right? In one of these this recitation of all these commands that Paul is giving the Thessalonians, he says that you may walk honestly, correctly, uprightly. Honesty to me, that is really at the heart of this when I was thinking about the at the heart of witnessing, the art of witnessing. this this honesty, this genuiness, that you may walk honestly toward them that are without and that you may have lack of nothing. This walking honestly is toward them that are without, towards the unbeliever, the one that hasn't heard. Walk honestly for the benefit of for the example to them that are without. We know that we live a life in front of others as we come to church and we realize that the way that I respond, the way that I act, I'm an example. And the way I live in front of my children, I'm an example. We know that we're having an influence on those that are watching us. Brother Bam said, you're going to send someone to the bad place. Be careful of your influence cuz someone is watching you. So, we recognize that as a Christian and as an adult and even as a person, no matter what we are, someone somewhere is going to learn from your example. But the Bible's being very explicit that we are to walk honestly for the benefit of those who are maybe dishonest. Walk honestly for the benefit of those who aren't message believers. For those who don't go to church, for those who don't even name the name of Christ, to those who don't even believe in a God, walk honestly. Have a good conversation in Christ. Let your light shine as a city set on a hill. Let your light shine as a candle placed on a candlestick to where the light is not for the benefit of the candle. It's for those that are in the house. Want to walk honestly toward them that are without. I'm just bringing this now bringing this down to a close. And so I I want to use this scripture in Galatians chapter 6:es 9 and 10. these two verses a as a way of emphasizing our steadfastness and our endurance to do good works. One of the themes of the um the art of seduction and faith or cake as we ended that that line of sermons was that you can't endure. Real faith will endure the pressure. If it's stomped on, if it's kicked, if it's beaten, whatever, faith will endure. But cake, no, it won't. And so there's this enduring quality of a genuine believer. Not baby, not a hot house plant, but you endure. You persevere continually. Lord, avenge me, my adversary. That's the kind of faith he's looking for. So, we are to do good. We're to walk honestly, walk circumspectly. We're not to follow pernitious ways. We're to have chased conversation, obeying the word and our conversation honest by our good works, glorifying our father which is in heaven over and over and over again. We're demonstrating the wisdom and knowledge of God. So let us not be weary in welloing. For in due season we shall reap if we faint not. Don't be weary in welloing. I believe it's that war of attrition sometimes that causes us to fail that we just we just give up. Done enough, tried enough. I'm just going to give up. And I said, don't. Don't stop. You say, "Well, it hasn't worked to this point." Don't stop. Amen. The Bible gives you a promise. That's what happened. That that woman that unj that woman who went to the unjust judge, she knew the judge was there and she knew he had the power. So, she wasn't going to stop asking. Amen. And the only reason why we would stop asking is if for some reason we didn't believe he was here. If some reason we didn't believe his word was true, but we know that he's here. He's present with us. We know that his word is true. We've seen far too many witnesses already. If you're if you're coming to tell me he's not a healer, seen too much. Come to tell me he can't save. I don't believe that there's going to be a situation of a lost soul that we know of. There would be no example in my family, no example in your family, no example of any kind of testimony. You kind of say, "No, brother Aaron, I know my son, my daughter, this loved one, my wife, my spouse, I know they can't be saved. We've seen too much. We know the power of God to reach down into the deepest and the darkest and the nastiest and the worst situation and redeem. We've seen too much to listen to a voice that says, "You might as well give up now." No, I believe God is more than able. And I want to be a voice even if I even if I don't articulate. I want my life to be such that when someone says, "Oh my goodness, my husband did this. My child did that. It's falling apart. They're going to go to hell." Where you could just say, "Well, they don't have to." What is the thing that you One thing I've I've learned in my with especially with my tremendous relationship I have with my youngest, Jack. I have a wonderful relationship with my youngest as I do with all my children. Smile, Eliza. I was just joking. But if I'm driving and all of a sudden I just notice as take heed to your ways that the traffic's building and it adds an hour to your drive and I go, "Oh no." Jack's immediately like, "What happened? What happened? Are we going to make it?" you know, and and he's concerned and I'm realizing like I'm just I'm not really desparing for life. But if you're sitting in the back seat and you all sitting here, your dad go, I don't believe it. What are we going to do? You immediately start thinking, what are we going to do? And there's a way that we respond in crisis and your response is a witness. The stock market's going to crash. And could you imagine if if your wife ran in the room says, "Oh my goodness, this happened and that happened. The stock market's going to crash." They say, "We're officially in a recession." And you get up, you go, "Oh, goodness grac No, dude. Please don't tell me that Coca-Cola stock is crap. What are we going to do? I had everything in Tesla." Everything in Tesla. It's a witness. Speak something. I don't want to be weary and welloing. The Bible says there, "As we therefore have opportunity, let us do good unto all men." What does it mean to do good unto all men? Right? Ask yourself that question as you look at who is thy neighbor and the question is asked in the scripture and we have this sense of okay the neighbor's the one that stopped and rendered aid. And if we try to take that to mean that I've got to stop and help everybody who's needy will never make it home. We we'll be broke with all the pan handlers, right? With all the needs. We'd never make it home with every car on the side of the road with the hood up. What do you need? Oh, you need fluid. Uh, you know, okay, I'll go get you some. Go a few more miles. Oh, you have a flat tire. Let me fix your tire for you. You realize that's not what it means. So, what does it mean to do good unto all men? Think about it. Especially unto them who are of the household of faith. Let's not be weary in doing what we know is right. like to use the last as my last example. I want to use the example of Daniel. It's Haniah, Azariah, and Mishael. Those four, and how that they just like that little maid that was brought as a servant to non's wife, kidnapped, exiled, they're going to be brainwashed uh to speak Calaldian and to eat the food of the Caldanss. They tried to in offering them the wine and the meat. It was it whe if it was overt or not, I don't know. But to me, I suspect that it was intentional because they knew according to the word of God to the Israelites that to eat that meat and drink that wine would violate the word of God. So, it wasn't their opportunity to eat well, but it was also a temptation to break the word. Amen. But the Bible says in Daniel 1:8 that he purposed in his heart that he would not defile himself with the portion of the king's meat, nor with the wine which he drank. Therefore, he requested of the prince of the Enix that he might be brought that he might not defile himself. And what he asked, "I just want vegetables and water." And by his witness, three others joined in. By his stand for truth, Daniel influenced Haniah, Azaria, and Mishiel. And they together made a deliberate decision not to refuse wine and not to refuse meat, but to not violate God's statutes and judgments in the face of pressure. They weren't the only four that were kidnapped. I don't know how many it might have been. There could have been hundreds, if not thousands of other Hebrew boys that said, "We're going to eat good tonight. We're going to drink good. Maybe get a little buzz on. Have some nice red meat." But in the face of everyone else who might have been going the wrong direction, they said, "No, we're not going to do it. were not going to violate God's word. And in making a stand for God's word in verses 16 to 20, the servant took away their portion of meat and wine and gave them pulse. And it says, "And as for the four children, God gave them knowledge and skill and all learning and wisdom. And Daniel had understanding in all visions and dreams. And at the end of the days, and the king said they should bring these young ones, the prince of the Unix before Nebuchadnezzar. And the king then is inquiring of them and looking. It says, "And among them was found none like Daniel, Hananiah, Mishael, and Azariah. Therefore stood they before the king, and in all matters of wisdom and understanding." Where did it begin? With making a decision to honor God's word and honoring God's word. They already demonstrated wisdom. They already demonstrated understanding. Now, God blesses them that the king inquire of them. He found them 10 times better than all the magicians and astrologers that were in all his realm. Right? Nebuchadnezzar surrounding himself with magicians and astrologers. He's pagan. He's heathen. You know, in Jan Daniel chapter 2 that he has a dream and it's only Daniel that's able to interpret it. He's so impressed by that that he makes a statue of Daniel and commands that everyone would worship him. This image of Daniel, Haniah, Azariah, Misha refuse to bow down. What are they doing? Thou shalt have no other gods before you. They're following. They're honoring the word of God. They're not they're not distant on Daniel. Listen, sometimes people I I've even I've even found myself in fellowship where people are uh uh as a young man, you say, "Oh, brother Aaron, I know where that's going to get you. You're going to end up rejecting the message and you're going to do this. You're going to I know where that spirit's coming from." All because you wouldn't make Brother Brandham more than what Brother Brham made himself. And it was no offense to Daniel that they didn't bow down to the idol of him. Right? And you're not going to offend brother Brandham if you if you don't make him a god. He said he'd rather face God as an antichrist as a quitter than an antichrist. So there was no offense to the prophet nor was there uh but it was an offense to the king and the king said we're going to toss these three into the fiery furnace. And what happens? They live. And this is what Nebuchadnezzar speaks as we see in the end of Daniel chapter 3. He says, "Blessed be the God of Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego, who has sent his angel and delivered his servants that trusted in him, and have changed the king's word and yielded their bodies that they might not serve nor worship any god except their own God." It's starting to it's starting to dawn on Nebuchadnezzar more now. He doesn't accept as he sees the witness of Daniel and these three Hebrew children. It's not at that moment that he says, "I'm all in on this." But as they maintain their integrities, as they maintain their testimony, now even later, it's bless the God of these who would not serve and worship any other god except their own. And in Daniel chapter 4, it begins with Nebuchadnezzar the king unto all the people, nations, and languages that dwell in all the earth. Peace be multiplied unto you. I thought it good to show the signs and wonders that the high God hath wrought toward me. How great are his signs and how mighty are his wonders. His kingdom is an everlasting kingdom and his dominion is from generation to generation. He's using a language that Christians today sing. The things he says of the one true God. Now, in verse 28, this is I'm just wanting to I know this may seem to be kind of a clum a clumsy uh awkward example at the end, but I'm I'm wanting you just to see through the the life of these these believers, the impact it can have on one person. And there's these things that happen and God is with them, these signs and wonders and these prophecies of what would happen happened just exactly as Daniel said it would. And all this came upon the king of Nebuchadnezzar. And at the end of 12 months, he walked in the palace of the king of Babylon, the king spake and said, "Is not this great Babylon that I have built for the house of the kingdom, by the might of my power, and for the honor of my majesty?" While the word was in the king's mouth, there fell a voice from heaven, saying, "Oh king Nebuchadnezzar, to thee it is spoken, the kingdom is departed from thee." If you notice what's happening here, I put it on this slide for you that Nebuchadnezzar gets lifted up in his pride and God deals with him as a son. Soon as he gets lifted up, God brings the chastisement and the correction. In I believe it's three places in the scripture, he refers to King Nebuchadnezzar as his servant. says, "And they shall drive thee from men, and thy dwelling shall be with the beast of the field, and they shall make thee to eat grass as oxmen, and seven times shall pass over thee, until thou know that the most high ruleth in the kingdom of men, and giveth to whomsoever he will." The same hour was the thing fulfilled upon Nebuchadnezzar, and he was driven from men, and did eat grass as oxin, and his body went wet with the dew of heaven, till his hairs were grown like eagle's feathers, and his nails like bird's claws. Happened just exactly as God said it would. Until what? until he knew that the most high ruled in the kingdom of men, the one that he had professed, his kingdom is an everlasting kingdom, his dominion from generation to generation. Daniel chapter 5 explains it this way. Verses 17 to 20 24. Then Daniel answered and said before the king, this is a different king, but we'll come back to in a moment. Let thy gifts be to thyself, and give thy rewards to another. He's wanted to pay him to give the interpretation of that which was written on the wall. Yet I will read the writing unto the king and make known to him the interpretation. Oh thou king, the most high God gave Nebuchadnezzar thy father a kingdom in majesty in glory and honor. God had given this to Nebuchadnezzar. And for the majesty that he gave him, all people, nations, and languages trembled and feared before him whom he would sh slew whom he would slew and whom he would be he kept alive and whom he would he set up and whom he would put down. But when his heart was lifted up, and his mind hardened in pride, he was deposed from his kingly throne, and they took his glory from him, and he was driven from the sons of men, and his heart was made like the beast, and his dwelling was with the wild asses. They fed him with grass like the oxen, and his body was wet with the dew of heaven. This is in this verse 21. Till he knew that the most high God ruled in the kingdom of men, and he appointed over it whomsoever he will. This is Nebuchadnezzar. This isn't Nebuchadnezzar just saying, "Oh, the God of those Jews. There's He's a He's a God of the mountains and he's a God." It wasn't that he just felt like this God was getting the best of his God, but he was submitting to the one true God. So back to chapter 4 when Nebuchadnezzar comes to his mind. He says, "And at the end of the days I Nebuchadnezzar lifted up my eyes into heaven. In my understanding returned unto me, and I blessed the most high, and I praised and honored him that liveth forever, whose dominion is an everlasting dominion, and his kingdom is from generation to generation, coming back to his right mind. And all the inhabitants of the earth are reputed as nothing. and he doeth according to his will and the army of heaven and among the inhabitants of the earth and none can stay his hand or say unto him what doest thou at the same time my reason returned unto me and for the glory of my kingdom my honor and brightness returned unto me and my counselors and my lord sought unto me and I was established in my kingdom and excellent majesty was added unto me now I Nebuchadnezzar praise extol and honor the king of heaven all whose works are truth and is judge weighs judgment And those that walk in pride, he is able to abase. What a testimony. At the end of the day, he could come to see God working and moving. And these four humble Hebrew children that stood by the word of God. And ultimately, it has such an impact on him to he extols the greatness of God and his kingdom. And he blesses him. He says, "How great you are." And he and he's learning to follow and to trust God. He gets lifted up in his pride. But God brings them back to a place where he says, "I extol the greatness of the King of Heaven. All his works are truth and all his ways are right. They're just. And anybody who gets lifted up in pride, he'll correct them. Musicians, you could come to your instruments." This is what this final message was from Daniel. After he gives the testimony of Nebuchadnezzar, who knew that the most high God ruled in the kingdom of men, who knew that there was only one that should be praised and extolled and honored, one whose works are truth and his ways judgment. He says, "And this his thou his son, O Belshazar, hast not humbled thine heart, though thou kneest all this?" In other words, Nebuchadnezzar was a witness. He was an example, but hast lifted up thyself against the Lord of heaven. And they have brought the vessels of his house before thee, and thou and thy lords, thy wives, and thy concubines, and have drunk wine in them. And thou hast praised the gods of silver and gold, and of brass, iron, wood, stone, which see see not, nor hear, nor know. And the God and whose hand thy breath is, and whose are all thy ways, hast thou not glorified. Then was the part of the hand sent from him and this writing was written. Now it's this moment that this writing is written upon the wall. Daniel's going to interpret it and he's going to tell him what's to become of him. But before he does, he wants to he wants Belshazar to know exactly where he went wrong. And he said, "You knew better." And how did he know better? the witness of the king before him wasn't raised in a godly home. Wasn't brought up serving the one true God. Was not made king through a ceremony whereby he was anointed by a prophet to be the king, a heathen king, a pagan king, an idol worshipper witnessed the worship of the one true God. And in time his heart was turned to extol the greatness of God to give honor to the king of heaven. And Balshazar knew better because of that witness. So it's not that our witness is always going to be effective to determine whether or not it was right. We may not ever see the results of it, the rewards, or even the consequences of it in this life. But I want you all to recognize that you have been called and placed whether on a hill or a candlestick somewhere in your life. No matter how young you are, no matter how old you are, God wants you to be a witness. And we're called to be that. And may God help us to be a true witness. May our works be good. May they be light that expresses hope to others. Not so much in my ability to explain the Godhead. No, not so much in my ability to just pick out just the right sermon for them to listen to. But Lord, let my life be an unfolding of a witness. Maybe we could even go back and apologize to some if we recognize, you know what, I haven't been a good witness. And we don't have to say, hey, look, I'm sorry. I haven't really reflected things correctly. I haven't really been a good example for Christ. Apologize for what you've done wrong. It can be a starting point. God, help us to be witnesses. pray about it. I even invite questions or anything that you might be triggered in your heart as we desire to please the Lord and meet your needs. Let's all give some thought to this ourselves. How can we be better witnesses? How can we effectively evangelize the valley? How can we see that all these seats are filled and not so much of message believers but converts to Christ, souls that are being saved. Let's stand together today. Let's just worship the Lord as we have this opportunity. Oh, and in my life, Lord, be glorified. be glorified in my life. Lord, be glorified today. Sing it again. Oh, and in my life, Lord, be glorified. Oh, be glorified in my life. Lord be glorified today. Let's just pray together. Our gracious heavenly father. Lord, that is our prayer that in our lives you would be glorified. [Music] It's no light thing to read in your word that we are to walk circumspectly. Yes, Lord. It's no light thing to be told that we're to let our light so shine. So shine in the manner that a city set on a hill cannot be hid. in a manner in which a candle is properly placed so that it can be effective to those who are in the room. These are no light [Music] things. And Lord, how is it that we live a life that is witnessing truth? And Lord, we would never want to have a pattern of behavior or habitual conduct that undermines the [Music] moment. When we would say, "Oh, to God that you could just be prayed for, that you would believe that God's a healer." Oh, that we could have that life as it says in the scripture. We are the salt of the earth that would cause others to crave you, desire you, see you, know you. Lord, I want my life to make a difference. I want to live a life that is kind. I want to live a life that is honest. I want to live a life that is sensitive, that is upright, not for my own benefit, but for your glory, for the benefit of others, toward them that are without, towards those that profess to believe are without the nature of Christ. To those who refuse to believe and need to believe, to those who are without light, without the word, without faith. Lord, I want to walk in wisdom for the benefit of those who have not wisdom. And Lord, I want my life to be an example. Use words if necessary. So help me, Father, to just recognize opportunities that I might have to make a difference in somebody else's life. We love you. We ask your blessing upon the people today as we are dismissed shortly. May you be our portion. Lord, encourage us where we're discouraged. Comfort us, Lord, where we're hurting. May we have a positive outlook on life. Not because we're good enough, not because we're lifted up and we want to impress others, but because we trust in you, Lord. That we have a positive outlook for the benefit of others, for the benefit of our children, benefit of our spouses. Lord, be positive. We love you. We ask all this in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
