################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-09 - Music's Momentum - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-09
Title:   Music's Momentum
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pa2FTDxinW0
========================================

Description:
Music's Momentum
Wednesday Service: July 9, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Genesis 11, we'll start with verse 5. And the Lord came down to see the city and the tower which the children of men build it. And the Lord said, "Behold, the people is one, and they have all one language, and this they begin to do. And now nothing will be restrained from them which they have imagined to do. Go to, let us go down, and there confound their language, that they may not understand one another's speech." So the Lord scattered them abroad from then upon the face of all the earth, and they left off to build the city. Therefore is the name of it called Babel, because the Lord did there confound the language of all the earth, and from thence did the Lord scatter them abroad upon the face of all the earth. Quite a story, a lot there just in the reading. Is very simplistic, very straightforward, but you can just imagine how much more was involved in these few verses. You could take your seats tonight. My my title is music's momentum on Sunday. Uh not recalling my title off hand, but we were talking about the world of music. That was what it was, the full and extensive and completely exhaustive study on the history of music. And we ministered on the world of music. And we're drawing a lot of things out of the scripture just to see kind of where music began and how it's come to be uh developed in human society and just what it means to God. We'll touch on a few of those scriptures very quickly here in a moment. But here I'm wanting to use this phrase music's momentum. I'm looking at u certain aspects of music um especially in light of how we're taught in the message of the hour to the time that we're living in. And we saw scripturally that music is ordained by God. It's not just a creation of human ingenuity or human ambition or tradition, but it's something that was ordained by God. We could say that God created music and God created instruments when he formed Lucifer. And even God is when he redeems. It says, "When I build you back, I'll build you with your tablets so that you can sing." In Psalms 149, it says, "God takes pleasure in our singing and praise." In Psalm 22 says, "He dwells in our singing and musical worship." In Zephaniah 3, we saw how that God will sing over us with joy. So God is singing. Says in Revelations 15, they have the harps of God and they're harping. In Hebrews chapter 2, which is a prophecy in Psalm 22, it speaks of Christ standing in the midst of the church, in the midst of the congregation singing. So there is great significance to singing and to music as God has his instruments and God sings and Christ sings on earth and God uh habit inhabits the praises and the singing of his people. We even saw and I'll read it maybe here in a moment how that for Israel their music was a point of national pride even in uh ancient history and throughout time the the the tradition Hebrew tradition of music was right up there with Greek music and their contributions to music. So too to the Hebrews to the Jews, they music was very important to them. And the statement that we ended on from birth pains on Sunday was how the in the preview of the bride, brother Benham gives that uh preview, that vision that he has several times there, uh we see that the bride was introduced by music and he identifies as a a sweet music, sweetest he'd ever heard. But then on the other side in contrast to that the uh the the church where the nominal world the worldly churches are introduced and each one is identified by music. So one was dancing to the beat he said of rock and roll the other one was marching in steps. So there's maybe a different style, a different emphasis, a different sound and that motivates and moved the false church. But then you hear this sweet music coming and this onward Christian soldiers and then there was a they're all lined up perfectly walking in harmony in step with the word. So I think that's the the vision I have before me as we look in these things. But just to add a little bit more to what we read on Sunday from this uh this fictional account which was a defense of Judaism and how this king had asked you know about these contributions of uh Judaism to the sciences and to knowledge and one in particular was music. And this rabbi says, "Music was the pride of a nation which distributed their songs in such a way that they fell to the lot of the aristocracy of the people, the Levites, who made practical use of them in the holy houses and in the holy season." And then this is the part that uh continue with for their maintenance. They were satisfied with the tithes as they had no occupation and this is but music. We saw how in the scripture prophecy was associated with music. The Levitical office of prophesying uh was associated with some talents and gifts in music. He says as an art it is highly esteemed among mankind. And I want you to catch this. As long it is as it is not abused and degraded and as long as the people preserves its original nobleness and purity. It says David and Samuel were its great masters. So here in the Hebrew tradition and as it's summed up here just in this account that we've been using and reading or that we've used once and now using again and reading to you that as an art music was highly esteemed as long as it's not degraded or perverted that it needed to be kept in a certain nobility or purity and says that Samuel and David were great masters of music and that art of music. So this is the the Jewish idea and attitude towards music. And we see that uh from the Bible that God appreciates and values music according to Acts chapter 13 verse 10 as Paul said, "Oh full of all subtlety and all mischief, thou child of the devil, thou enemy of all righteousness." Here's this principle that is true in any context. The attribute of Satan is wilt thou not cease to pervert the right ways of the Lord? ask a rheto rhetorical question which stands for the proposition that Satan will never stop perverting God's right ways. He'll never stop doing it. So then we could see that music can be degraded or abused. It can be manipulated. It can be misused. It can otherwise be perverted from God's pure and original or represented in a way that God didn't originally represent it. We say, "Well, music's of God. Therefore, any music is godly." We can't make that mistake. Yeah, but we know God dwells in, rejoices in, and loves music. And that's this all for all the same reasons that Satan wants to pervert it. So there's something um there's something about that mechanism or that art. So with music's momentum, I'm using momentum as defined as some a moving power, an impulse or an impelling force. That would be my idea of momentum. So there's power or strength or energy. Music's energy. It's its power or its strength. It's impelling force. So there's a force behind music and it's one reason why God loves it. But it's also the reason why Satan wants to manipulate it and use it for himself. So music's momentum, its energy can produce an effect in a person or on a person or on an atmosphere. In 2 Chronicles 5:es 12, 13, and 14, this kind of um joins well with a lot of the scriptures from Sunday, also the Levites, which were the singers, all of them of Asaf and of Hean and of Jedithan, with their sons and their brethren, being arrayed in white linen, having symbols in sultre and harps, stood at the east, entered the altar, and with them 120 priests sounding with trumpets. So notice this Levitical band, this Levitical choir as they have their instruments, they have their chorus, they have their trumpets, they're all singing here, this moment of great uh glory in the temple. And it came even to pass as the trumpeters, notice this uh uh this characteristic. I think this is important. The trumpeters and singers were as one to make one sound. So it was there was a combining of we can read here of at least four different types of sounds sulturies, symbols, harps, trumpets and then amongst those they could be playing different uh parts. Uh they could be playing on in a in a different tone but yet they all work together to make one voice or one sound. They were as one to make one sound to be heard in praising and thanking the Lord. And then it says, "And when they lifted up their voice with the trumpets and symbols and instruments of music and praised the Lord, saying, for he is good and his mercy endureth forever." So now we have this great chorus singing and playing. The voice is identified as the singers, the trumpet, the symbols, the instruments, the music are all kind of combined in that thought of a voice. And they're singing this. It says that then the house was filled with the cloud, even the house of the Lord, so that the priest could not stand to minister by reason of the cloud, for the glory of the Lord had filled the house of God. As we read this, there's only there's there's one outstanding event that takes place right before the glory of God fills the house of the Lord. And it's these Levites in their position exercising their gifts. each one in particular staying in his lane and playing his part that causes the glory of God to come so much that it's as a cloud filled the temple. The glory of the Lord filled the house of the Lord when they lifted up their voice and played their instruments. And it wasn't just the uh the sound of any uh it wasn't just any message, but they praised the Lord saying, "He's good and his mercy endureth forever." Right? So now that's uh that's one component I want you to hold very close to you that you see these people and their position in this order and arrangement of music brought the power of God or the presence of God. In 1st Samuel chapter 10 5 and 6 you find as we read in the ordination of the Levites and their musical offices. It said that they prophesied by their music and their instruments. And here we see a very similar wording and this is about Saul uh being anointed to be king and about his coming to the throne and God speaking to the him being told what he shall expect to come to pass after that shall come to the hill of God where is the garrison of the Philistines. And it shall come to pass when thou art come thither to the city that thou shalt meet a company of prophets coming down from the high place with a sultry and a tabet and a pipe and a harp before them and they shall prophesy. So here's a company of prophets who are coming down and they all are carrying with them instruments. They're carrying with them musical instruments. And it says, "And the spirit of the Lord will come upon thee, and thou shalt prophesy with them and shalt be turned into another man." These instruments, I believe, are mentioned because it was part of their ministry. It was part of even their prophesying in some way that they were able to use it and God was able to anoint it in this particular instance with Saul that with them playing their instruments together they prophesied and the spirit of the Lord comes upon Saul and it changes him into another man. And what's what's unique about this is that when the spirit of the Lord or the anointing came upon David, God didn't have to change him into another man because he had a heart that could be changed. So he didn't have to give him another spirit as he does Saul there. So there's the problem with Saul is through this prophesying and even this music an anointing come can come on him to make him another man to give him another spirit another disposition. Now remember that as we'll come back to the book of Samuel. Now in 2 Kings 3 12-16 this may be one of the more familiar ones uh that you all are very familiar with. says, "And Jehoshaphat said, the word of the Lord is with him." So the king of Israel and Jehoshaphat and the king of Edom went down to him. So now they're coming to the prophet. And Elisha said unto the king of Israel, "What have I to do with thee? Get thee to the prophets of thy father and to the prophets of thy mother." And the king of Israel said unto him, "Nay, for the Lord hath called these three kings together to deliver them into the hand of Moab." And Elisha said, "As the Lord of hosts liveth before whom I stand, surely were it not that I regard the presence of Jehoshaphat, the king of Judah, I would not look toward thee, nor see thee." So now he's there's something that's disturbing him about the wickedness of Jehome. And and so there's he's disturbed by it. If it wasn't for the presence of Jehoshaphat, I I wouldn't even look at you. And as they're requiring something from him, as they're looking to him, he's he'll have a word of the Lord. He can prophesy for us. Notice in verse 15, he says, "Bring, but now bring me a minstrel. Bring me one who is gifted, who is able to sing and to play a musical instrument. My mind is disturbed. I I need my spirit to be settled." And so he asked for one who could play music and sing. And it came to pass when the minstrel played, maybe harping on his harp, maybe his voice, whatever instrumentation he might have had, that as he's playing, it says the hand of the Lord came upon him. And this is not the minstrel, but rather Elisha, and he said, "Thus saith the Lord, make this valley full of ditches." That's right. Notice how Jehovah's power, the handle of Jehovah's power comes on Elisha after he requested a minstrel, a man who could sing and play to play music to be played. And as that music is playing, the the power of God comes upon Elij Elisha and he begins to prophesy, thus sayeth the Lord. Now, as we saw uh salt tries and tabs and pipes and harps with the prophets who prophesy over Saul, we see them even being played in Chronicles as the power of God comes into the tabernacle. Here we see a prophet asking for someone to come and play music before he can have the word of the Lord. Right? it. Yet, it's important for us to take away from this that the the prophecy, the the the gift of prophecy is a divinely ordained gift. And that gift of prophecy wasn't subject to human music. He he didn't need the music to be inspired. He didn't need the music uh necessarily for the gift in him to be anointed or of God, but the music was used to set his human spirit right. It was used to kind of get his mind off of the wickedness that was grieving his heart. And this is his attitude. You know what? If it wasn't for King Jehoshaphat, I wouldn't even look at you. I wouldn't even think about you. So, somebody play me a good song. I need to hear some good music right now because I'm not in a good mood. And if you want to hear from God, something's going to have to change, right? I'm not too happy right now. And so, he calls for music. God is obviously I I I say obviously and and maybe I could tread a little bit lightly here, but it appears as if God is pleased when his spirit is made right and then the gift can speak. The music composed his spirit, changed the atmosphere around him. It didn't anoint the gift as it were, but it helped make way for it. Brother Bamin, the sermon leadership says, "I like good singing. I just love real good singing." So there's your your your spectrum. You're maybe tedious to some, but it's I like good singing, but I love real good singing. So there's your there's the things he likes good and he loves real good. He says, I've always said when I get to heaven, I want to go where they're singing and listen. I never could get my feel of singing. You know, he says this is he says, you know, singing gives courage. Amen. The soldiers when they're going to battle, you know what they do? They play music and sing. And that things to give them courage. And when we're going to battle, we sing. And it gives us courage to go on. Here's brother Random identifying not only his love for music and how it seemingly cannot exhaust his passion for it or his attention uh for it, but he says that singing actually gives encouragement. that through song one can be lifted up. They can be uh uh uh caused to be happy. We play music, he says, and when going out to war, and it makes us courageous. And he says, we as Christians when going to battle, we sing. Now, we're not whistling through a graveyard and it's not timid and and it's not I sure hope we make it back. Hope we survive. No, it's it is a chorus and a song of confidence and praise that lifts up our spirits. Amen. Now we read a moment ago how Saul had to be given another spirit and he beakes he becomes a different man and as he as he is changed into another man through the music and the spirit of prophecy. It says here in 1st Samuel chapter 16 14 15 16 and 17 and this is the result of his own disobedience and sin. It says but the spirit of the Lord departed from Saul and an evil spirit from the Lord troubled him. I remember this question in particular as I began to serve the Lord and was listening to the message. I came across this. I just remember writing it down. What in the world does this mean? And he he repeats it again later that there's an evil spirit from the Lord. And I remember saying, I sure wish I could know the answer to this. And within a very short time, Brother Brams asked the very specific question and he answers it. And so it was greatly encouraging to me that I know that God has these answers. So says, "The spirit of the Lord departed from Saul and an evil spirit from the Lord troubled And you might be saying, "Well, what's the answer?" Well, you just keep listening. You'll hear it. I mean, not to me. Listen to Brother Brandham. You'll hear it. And Saul's servant said unto him, "Behold now, an evil spirit from God troubleth thee. Let our Lord now command thy servants which are before thee to seek out a man who is a cunning player on a harp." This is their attitude. Let us find someone skilled, someone who knows how to play beautifully. They know the metabolism of the of music. He says, "And it shall come to pass," this is just an affirmative absolute statement. "It shall come to pass when the evil spirit from God is upon thee, that he shall play with his hand, and thou shalt be well." It's quite a statement as they are acknowledging that the trouble has been allowed by God, or God has allowed this evil spirit to come upon Saul. But they are, if if you want to say, conjecturing or believing that one who could play music will actually cause that spirit to dissipate. And so Saul said to his servants, "Provide me now a man that can play well and bring him to me." Remember, Brother Brandham liked good singing and really loved real good singing or just loves really good singing. So now he wants a man that can play well. And if I could say this, music's effect upon the body and the mind is is documented without uh with throughout history. It's been observed throughout time in this time in particular. And I I to maybe to some extent it's still maybe a commonly held belief but widely believed that music had this mysterious influence on healing mental disorders. In 1650 a Jesuit published this book in the classic Latin. You'll see it on this t this slide here. It's called the universal musical art or the great art of consonants and dissonance. If I'm not mistaken, one time I was in an an antique store that specialized in old books and I believe I came across a copy of this and I really wish I would have sprung for it because in retrospect I don't know that it was too expensive. Right, brother Micah? You can't pay too much for a really good first edition book. These things are done very beautifully. But this is in the 1600s, 1650. It's kind of a compendium of ancient and contemporary thinking about music. There's a lot even in the Hebrew, a lot in the Greek. And it's it was bringing together just so much from nature in the mathematics. It's broke up in I think maybe 11 or 12 chapters. And it was looking at the production of music and the effects of music upon a person. It connected the mathematical properties of music. Hence the consonants and the dissonance or the harmony and dissonance together. And it was looking at these mathematical properties and its effect on health and rhetoric, the mind, the intellect. And so in this and I could read to you just a litany of examples that are elicited in this and then subsequently documented in other places that music was believed to be the cure for diseases because it was music that precipitated uh the the healing or the cure. They saw this with those who were bit by had were inflicted with the venom from snakes or bit by spiders or even and this is maybe some people want to write this down. They even found where music eased the sciatica or sciatic pain and everyone's like I'm going to get my sciatica playlist together and so it this this particular really indepth overview of music and this was this uh this was a Jesuit he's actually would be titled with father he's a Christian he believed in these Christian principles and he looked at this and it was showing and portraying Music is not just entertainment but as a literal healing force capable of purging physical poison or restoring one's mental balance. And I know you're thinking, but remember uh the article in 1964 where and now I'm forgetting the publication where they were the the publicist for the Beatles was saying people were throwing away their crutches and the crippled were running to the car in Paris at Gaul. And he said the only thing left for the Beatles to do now is to go on a healing tour. And so there is p we see the power in that. So then we could see we say well that's a that's a devil that heals. He cast out be elab. Well no let's not make that mistake. But this is one particular instance and just stay close. I I know uh maybe you know I I' I've accepted this a long time ago. My my the manner in which I preach isn't for everybody. And everybody here may be like that's me. And yet you're just good Christians and you're obeying the Lord and this is the best you can get. Some of you might call this halfloaf tabernacle. I don't know. Uh uh but there's uh I want you to really focus on this and listen because I this is I'm going to back this up through the word of God, but this is an observation. It's ancient. It's an old observation. I say ancient. Uh but here from this one this writer, he says, "In one village, we found a young man in a frenzy. They're traveling to another country struck down by madness. He seized a drum and struck it with uncanny skill. His hands and feet moving as though the rhythm itself soothed his tormented spirit. Bit by bit, his ears yielded to the beat. Soon his head, hands, and feet quivered. Then he sprang into a full dance. Just try to get the visual image. This is one who is mentally ill. Maybe crazy talking. A and he's one that they recognize as being stricken with some sort of madness. And he grabs a drum and he begins to play it with skill. And as he begins to play it with this rhythm, his body begins to come and get into the rhythm of it. And he's in full dance. When the display grew almost comical, the drummer abruptly ceased. The youth, stunned and beereft of sense, collapsed into stuper. Yet the moment the familiar rhythms resumed, he revived, leapt to his feet, and danced again with renewed frenzy. Now this is the power of music. This is the momentum in music. People believe and experience confirms that the venom once spread through the body is drawn out and exhausted by the power of harmony and collective singing. And he says, "A remnant of poison clings until new sound of music seizes them again, convulsing mind and body until the final trace of venom is expelled." Now, could you just kind of apply that spiritually to how that music that was originated even the tabs and the design and the idea of worship and music as it was inherent in Lucifer. now spreads through humanity through Cain and his seed. What what what is injected into it? A serpent's venom, right? And now it is in this particular experience they see that and this is way they're surmising that here is somebody who's been bit by a snake or has this venom from a tarantula and they and by playing music through this certain rhythm a and response to it that eventually the the the prison or the the effects of the poison or the venom subsides and they're well. and they're just conjecturing, well, perhaps it's that there's some expulsion of the venom as they exercise themselves according to music. And as this young person possessed with madness begin to play the drums and begin to dance, he says right before it gets comical, they're just slain. They stop playing. But then as soon as the music starts again, they get right back into a dancing and this renewed frenzy. But once the poison wears off, notice it's a poison. It's a venom. It's not a it's not a blessing or a benefit. Once it wears off, there's no longer there's there's no movement to that music. Now, I think this requires your your own thinking and your own uh asking the Lord to open this up to you. Now, let's let's apply it this way. And the sermon this day this scripture is fulfilled. Brother Bam said the Pentecostal church is in a Leodysian condition. As a matter of fact, brother Banham says Leodysia is Pentecost. It is 100%. So if we're not being restored to that Pentecost, but that is certainly the Pentecost we're going beyond, right? And so there is a Pentecostal idea of the message that is just absolutely less. Still blind, still naked, still convulsing to rock and roll. So the Pentecostal church is in a led to seeing condition. Oh, they still jump and holler and carry on. When the music is beating, when the music stops beating or the beatnick's music music some of them play and calling it Christianity and whenever that stops, all the glory is gone. Just like this one who's been inflicted with this venom. Just like the one who has a spirit of madness upon him. As long as the drum is beating, there's some animation. There's some excitement. There's some response to the musical stimulus. But as soon as the music stops, just a stuper, there's no longer there's no longer the same enthusiasm. And where I just say this, I don't often maybe pull back the curtain, but for maybe for the sake of some people that struggle in these things, where I learned of this book from the 1650s was by reading a commentary that brother Brandham read and had in his library. That's very likely brother Brham used even this example. I'm I'm just I'm just speculating, but I just follow his fingerprints. Just follow his footsteps. Get I want him to get into the rhythm of the message of God in the rhythm and the harmony. Not the optics of it, not the lip service to it, but get in the harmony and the beat of it, the rhythm of it. Says if it's a real praise of God, then there isn't enough whistles and enough power in the world to stop it. When it really comes from God, it don't take music to beat up. It takes the spirit of God to come down on it. That's what does it. Amen. So we can see that as humans are concerned based upon their observation and I would say speculation that an individual who is either has a mental disorder or some sort of physical malady whether it be a venom or some sort of poison that music had a healing effect on them that possessed with madness or having some sort of mental or physical illness, music could purge it from them and drive it away from them. And now and they observe dancing and frenzy and association to it. Brother Brandham saying look at the power of music to make someone dance and the power of music to make someone shout and dance around with the the beaten nick music as they say. They call it Christianity. He says but as soon as the music stops he says the gloryy's gone because it's part of their formula. It's part of their emphasis. It's their major. They want to major on the minor things. They want to major on the music. They want to major on the healing. They want to major on the mood. And so when those things aren't working just right, then they're just in a stouper or a malaise. So with the power of music, as it's said here in 1st Samuel 16, you can say, "Well, that was a that was a lot of uh history there and a a good statement from Brother Brandon." But really, we could just take 1st Samuel 16 and see that the king's servants at least thought that someone who knew how to play a harp could drive away an evil spirit that God had allowed to come. But remember, Saul, who received a good spirit from the playing of music and prophesying. Now, through his own disobedience, has lost that and is being tormented by an evil spirit. So, there's some history in Saul's life that he is susceptible to in a good and bad way. You could say even to music is a tendency. Many people are different. There's some who could walk into a a restaurant and hear music playing and they don't even know what it is. Doesn't even bother them. They don't care. And somebody else hears it and they start going, right? They go, "Oh, listen to that song. Woo." And they start dancing and they, "Oh, excuse me. Sorry." Because there just some people may have that tendency. So in 1st Samuel chapter 16 22 and 23 we kind of begin to see the conclusion or the unfolding of this incident with Saul and Saul sent to Jesse because they say hey there's one who plays who's got quite the testimony and gift David let David I pray thee stand before me for heath found favor in my sight and there's a lot going on here there God is raising up David and he's you causing things to happen in his life to get him very near Saul and gaining confidence with the court and those around Saul because God has a purpose for it. God has a purpose for David. I think it's good to remember that these things are just like, "Oh, what a wild coincidence." It's not a wild coincidence. God had ordained this little kid to be king. And that's how he can orchestrate events. So, he's showing up here. He's showing up there and he's showing up here because God was going to raise him to the throne. So it came to pass when the evil spirit from God was upon Saul, God allows this evil spirit that David took a harp and played with his hand. So Saul was refreshed and was well and the evil spirit departed from him. Josephus, that great uh Jewish historian said that uh David would sang hymns and psalms. So he made use of both his vocalization and instrumental music. And Saul, as David played, think of this, the the the actual chain of events as described by the scripture, God let Saul be tormented by an evil spirit. Saul asked for David to come and play music. And David playing music causes this evil spirit that God allowed to go away. And Saul becomes cheerful. His gloomy depression is relieved. is he's cured of his melancholy as it were. And so therefore, we could see that David's music is is more than just natural that God was ending it with a blessing. God was blessing it. He was giving it power and it healed and relieved Saul. And the sermon looked, Brother Bram said, there's nothing like music. That's quite a statement. There's nothing like music. God heals by music. He says, "Do you know that God heals by music? God does. God is the only healer." There's ways that God God heals by medicine. How is it that a doctor can set a bone, but God heals it? because something inherent in the body that God has put there that works according to the character and nature of God where God heals by music. In other words, music is a medium that God uses just as he could use medicine and God having made man the way that he made him. God himself has harps. God himself loves to sing. God himself uh dwells in music. And so man made originally in the image of God has a has natural channels that are inherently influenced by music. It's one reason why God uses it, but it's also the reason why the devil wants to use it. There was even one who testified on Sunday after we brought up this subject and their testimony to my wife was uh and this is the this is even the power of preaching. After they preached the sermon on wasteland, they left feeling like nothing but a waste. It's power of words, right? And so feeling a little bit discouraged and down, but in the course of their week, they listened. They heard the song, I am redeemed, bought with a price, and immediately that that wasteful feeling was gone. What was God doing? Testifying even beforehand before we even get into this and even before I got to the subject uh uh Wednesday night on the power of music to set our minds right and our emotions right. The song didn't make this person redeemed, right? The song didn't save them. But it was able to restore in their their spirit back to that right position that I am divinely ordained. Just as Elisha had the gift to prophesy and his spirit wasn't right. The music didn't restore the gift of prophecy. It cleared out the clouds that would that would hinder it. Music can heal. Music has great power. For those who are wondering how I would use whatever kind of mental and spiritual gymnastics I would use to work in Genesis 11, we've arrived. In Genesis 11:1, it says, "And the whole earth was of one language and of one speech." If you take this and you look at it from the standpoint of how the Levites and and I'm kind of already adding in some things that you know based upon what we'll read here in a moment how that they were as one to make one sound and here the whole earth and when it says the whole earth is speaking of humanity Gentiles mankind nations was of one language and one speech And it kind of paints an image of a unified voice where you could have this harmonious choir or chorus where everyone's perfectly tuned. They know their part. They know what one another's saying. It's this choir with perfect harmony. It's like an orchestra performing in unison. This is a this is a musical picture that's painted even in these words that are used it. But here it intimates an evil symphony, a symphony of evils that that of mankind rebelling against God. So even though there's one language in one speech, we say, "Oh, they're harmonizing it. I it it it's everything's working together. There's one one course, one body, but it's to perform wickedness through their rebellion against God." So in verse six it says and the Lord said behold the people is one and they have all one language and this they begin to do. This is in the building of the tower and now nothing will be restrained from them which they have imagined to do. So, under the influence of this evil harmony, this illtimed, this inharmonious, though it has its own harmony, this this anti-God arrangement, the Bible tells us, if you read more of this, that those who are tuned to this this wicked symphony are moved, it says, from the east. So, we know this is man-made religion. We know this is a religious move. We know then that there's a we could we could just say it that there's there's a there's a beat to it. Just as rock and roll is animating the Leodysian church here in the in the genesis of Babylon and Babylonian worship. And we see music featured prominently in Babylonian worship according to scripture. We see that they were of one language and one speech. Perhaps they were singing as they worked and they all had their own chorus. They had their own song and as they as they sung it, they worked on this tower. So under the influence of this, those who were har in harmony with it are moved. A and they're not moved out of order and chaotically, but there was a certain harmony of each individual. Each individual is not disjunctive. They're each one have there's a harmony and connection with the entire body of humanity because it says the whole earth was of one language and one speech and they were moved they were influenced they went in this movement to build this tower. I read this statement in a commentary on these scriptures of uh in early uh early AD said, "Folly is to the wicked man the beginning of his energy and the works which are contrary to nature." Won't fit on a bumper sticker really, but I like that. Folly is to a wicked man the beginning of his energy. What was this music? It was foolish. What was this tune? It was foolish. What were they undertaking? foolishness, but it's the the beginning of his energy and works that are contrary to what is right. So, Genesis 11:5 and they said, this is their this is what God is interrupting in verse 6. He says, "And they said, go to let us build us a city and a tower." A tower is a platform, a stage. Right? They wanted a city, but now they wanted a platform. Yeah. They wanted a gathering. They wanted a collection, but now they want a platform. They want to raise it. Whose top may reach unto heaven, and let us make us a name. And almost as it were, they knew what they were doing, lest we be scattered abroad upon the face of the whole earth. This building upwards, it's an elevation. This is the original elevation worship. It's building upwards. And this building upwards is a false worship. Yeah. And it what because even in if you look at it they're going to build a a ga there's a gathering and now there's a stage and now it's going to ascend and it parallel par parallels this worshipful ascent as praises ascend as prayers ascend as incense ascends. The raising up of this is a prideful ascent. It's not giving honor to God. It's rebelling against God. So in in building the tower of babel is an image of all false worship. It's an image of all of the wrong kind of praise and incense and and energy and excitement that people want to claim to give to God. Genesis 11:9. It says, "Therefore is the name of it called Babel." Because God said the people are one. There's nothing. I guess I forgot to emphasize this in that harmonious arrangement arranged against God. God acknowledges there's nothing they can't do. There's the power of harmony. There's the power of the mathematical uh relationship between harmony and discordance. There's the way that you can use music that might have certain tones, but when combined to another one, those things that may seem to be discordant only give more energy. And the way that the chorus and the composition can build, it's what I call a rock trick. In other words, there's ways that songs can be written that you just can build the human just kind of gets in the flow of it. A and the next thing you know, they're over there going, "Wow, glory to God, right?" Because of the bridge and the draw down and the octave change and somebody gets all excited and they say, "Man, I'm telling you what, Jehovah came today, didn't he?" Like, no, no, that's Shane and Shane. They know how to get They know how to get a hook in there. It's an understanding. They say, "Well, does that mean it's all bad?" No, it's just there. It's natural. It's part of the way you're wired. The the way that you're wired as a human is one of the reasons why you can just sit here and listen to me speak. It's part of the way God made us. Though it may be natural, there's a way that God can supernaturally use it. So therefore, the name of it is called Babel because the Lord did there confound the language of all the earth. I want you to see how there's something at least a parallel symbolism of music in this. And from then did the Lord scatter them abroad upon the face of all the earth. God's divisions of languages inserts this this complete discordance in what was a unified chorus and what was a one language and one speech, one voice, one sound. Now God, when he inserts this uh uh this division of languages, they could they couldn't find their harmony, right? They couldn't figure out a way to fit. I don't know what you're playing. I don't know what you're saying. I don't know where you're going. I don't know what key this is in. And they all found themselves, as maybe a musician would say, in the cracks. I can't find what key he's singing in. God had interrupted their music, their unified chorus. And Babel itself means mingled, confused, or confounded. It means a confused medley of sounds. Because if you don't know what someone is saying, it may could to you just sound like a a medley of sounds arranged together. Back in the 60s, I believe it was when American uh certain style of American music was extremely popular. It was sweeping all over Europe. There was an Italian who recorded a song that became, I think, number one on the Italian charts. I wasn't there. I don't didn't just reading this from history. who composed a lengthy disco song or whatever in nothing but babble. There was no English words at all, but he made it sound like English. And the Italians loved it, thinking it was English, but it was nothing but a bunch of intelligible sounds and a medley of sounds put to music and people bought it. This is the the image of a false use of music, but it shows the momentum and the power of music. God heals by music, but there's a there's a rhythm. There's a momentum that works against God's word. John 4:es 20 to 24. Try to wrap this up for us here. Our fathers and this woman at the well is Samaritan as he is she is responding our fathers the Samaritans we worshiped in this mountain and ye say that in Jerusalem is the place where men ought to worship so here's this division there's this disharmony there's this inongruence and there's such a kind of a unique position of the Samaritans versus the Jews and they have their way of worship and even to what they believe the true God but the Jews n we don't have anything to do with you you guys aren't like us. Uh we have our place of worship and we do it in Jerusalem, but the Samaritans worshiped in this mountain. Jesus said,"Woman, believe me, the hour cometh when you shall neither worship in this mountain nor yet at Jerusalem. You that you shall neither in this mountain nor yet at Jerusalem worship the father." Then he makes this very profound statement. You worship what you don't know. We know what we worship. Yeah. So there's his response to her. You worship in a mountain to a god you don't know. Hasn't made himself known to you. You're you don't fully can't fully follow him because he hasn't fully revealed himself. He says, "But we know what we worship for salvation is of the Jews. But the hour cometh and now is." Love it. When the true worshipper shall worship the father in spirit and in truth. For this father seeketh such to worship him. God is a spirit and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth. In other words, if we could just look at it from the standpoint of the Samaritan, he says, "You worship and you may be able to worship a and be animated and you may be able to worship and be fervent and you may have spirit." And I'm just going to even use C a lowercase spirit. But you could worship, but you don't know what you worship. And he says, "Now a man, we must come. And now is the time when you worship him, not just in your sincerity and your ferveny and your dedication and all your animation and all your effort, but it has to be in truth. There has to be knowledge of what you're doing. It can't just be a wholly giving yourself over to emotion. It can't be wholly giving yourself over to intellectualism, which is the other side of emotionalism. It's the same evil twin. Emotionalism and intellectualism are the same thing. And so, it's not just giving yourself over to one or the other. And it's not just this uh spirit of enthusiasm, this frenzy or this energy, but it must be in spirit and truth. The Samaritans worship without truth or knowledge. What we know is that God's word is truth. And that true worship must be according to God's composition. It must be in its season. It must be in its time. Must be according to God's timing. It must be according to God's rhythm. It can't be human. It was human in Genesis 11. It was human with the Samaritans. It's human. It was human in Babylon with the Hebrew children being forced to bow down and worship the image of a prophet. What were they going to use to accomplish it? music. That's how many of the false moves today are initiated and started. It's got music. And the emphasis and the polishing is in the music, not the word. I'll close with this statement. Our musicians can come to their their places skillfully. Please play. drive away any hindering spirits in God's chosen place of worship. Brother Bam said there's only one place that spiritual death cannot strike. That's the word. I I have mentioned through the last few services at least uh to listen to shalom. Uh there's a couple of them and some other sermons. And so I trust that at least somebody has because you'll see even though I haven't quoted from it, this statement here fits perfectly with what he's preaching there. which if you listen to shalom's a lot of emphasis on the day we're living in what God is doing you know the the the revelation of Jesus Christ today while the church is in gross darkness Christ has risen in the midst of the church he is now it is the rising of the sun it's the unveiling of God it is the revealing of the son of man so many things that could be said about it and then it's at the end that he begins to break into the concept of the symphony and Brother Brandham, just I'll just open the floor. Can anyone tell me which musical composition Brother Brandham uses as his example? Peter and the Wolf. And there's something about that composition that is an that speaks specifically to the time we're living in now because there's a ways that there's a way that music can be arranged. There's a way that music can be moved or used to cause movement. It's got a compelling force. But brother Brandham picked one. I'll try to bring this out Sunday morning. He picked one that pushes aside all movements and identifies the momentum of God's word. And so what he says here in God's chosen place of worship, there's only one place spiritual death cannot strike. That's the word. Death can't strike the word because it's the living word of God. But when you put creeds with it, the word moves out to itself. It'll separate like water from oil. You cannot mix it together. This calls to mind the time I say this as a warning to to young people to all of us that there could be a really good Christian song and then somebody by the name of eight dollar sign checkum checkum does a hip-hop mix to it and you're thinking, "Oh, neat. Shane and Shane released a new song and yet it's been remixed and they add a house beat to it or they do a autotune. So now it's Shane Shane and Sheny and it's something totally different. And so there's a there's a a mixing a hybrid. And he says once you put Creeds into it and you mix it up, that's a remix. That's not the original. That's just a cover. Yeah, brother Michael and I are collecting a list of good cover uh cover band names and every once in a while I drop him in a service and he's the only one that knows he just mentioned a cover band. And that's what a lot of churches can become. That's not the message. That's a message cover band. That's that's not that's not the original arrangement. That's not with one voice. That's their own sound to it. He says it'll separate like water from oil. cannot mix it together. So it remains pure. So if you have something mixed, it's no longer original. Therefore, you see when the creed comes into a denomination, they all go after the creed and the word dies out and it goes on with somebody else and increases it more. It's a denomination that dies out. The word moves on. He says picks up the momentum as it goes from justification, sanctification, baptism of the Holy Ghost, and on into the grain. What is that? Jesus Christ himself. The same yesterday, today, and forever. It picks up momentum. Notice it's momentum, not movement. It's momentum. He says, "Do you see the path God has trod? Can you find his step? Can you find his rhythm, his beat?" He says, "Do you see the path God has tried?" The word picks up momentum as it goes. Do you see the path he's trod bringing his name all the time right down the same way? Because he is the word, it can't die. The word of life can't die. We preach to you about music and we give you some maybe uh some technical history about music or certain aspects about music. It's only done to show you in the type of what music can be in the natural. God's word is his composition which he has arranged for a specific purpose. And you have a part to play in God's arrangement. And he is directing you. And he's wanting to direct you so that you can fit into this great chorus of the bride who sings in this end time with one voice and one sound. For she knows the sheep music. She has the mind of Christ. And that's why there's times when she keeps still. That's why there's times when she's sh silent because she knows it's not my moment to sing just yet. She's not playing out of tune. She's not playing from some other part. Though we may individually do that at times, our desire is to get in line. Get back in step. And that's why we have brother Bam uses that analogy of a director. Get back in step. Let's stand to our feet. Let's pray together this evening. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, as this service comes to its close, as we've covered yet again a lot of a lot of ground in this subject, and Lord, I know that all year we've been very perseverant to labor in a subject matter that's unique. But Lord, I believe that you can take uniqueness and you can use it to reach into hearts. And I trust that we can tonight just give great consideration to in the sense of what music holds and what it can do. The sense of what music can how it can move and impel us in ways that are not righteous or holy. ways that it can affect our moods. Ways that music can plant seeds or draw lead us astray. Ways in which music can become prideful. It lifts up man. It lifts up talent. It lifts up gifts. It lifts up debauchery and perversion and all sorts of filth. And it becomes nothing more than another tower of babel. Lord, we must realize also in a way that Christian Christian music, Christianity has can grab a hold of music and use it in a way that's not originally pure. I believe there needs to be a sensitivity to that. And though music can be used as entertainment, it should be treated as all entertainment. We must be careful with it, must be discerning with it. And just as one might enjoy listening to the old orchestras or marches composed of ages ago and it relaxes them and they enjoy it recreationally and there there could be a maybe just a natural harmonizing through those things. We need to be so careful what we tune our spirits to. And Lord, yes, there's so much that I intend and just feel burdened to share on the subject of music as it relates to our spiritual walk with you and the sanctification of our hearts and minds. But Lord, maybe the the best way to address that is for us to become so uh become more diligent in your music, the music of your word. Not that we would try to hunt down, you know, vinyls of the the believers and the Cochman family and the aunts brothers and just try to build a database of, you know, real sanctified Holy Ghost message written music, but get into the message. Get into the word. Find that heartbeat of the composer. Get to know his mind. Find that rhythm and that beat of the word of God. And surely Lord, if we take heed to your to your word, it'll cleanse our ways. It'll measure us where we become a little bit too excessive. It'll moderate us in areas where we've become too slack. Lord, it'll actually add to and embellish areas where we become very weak. I play pray Lord that you would help us in these things. I trust that this this subject matter is not lost on anyone's ears or in anyone's hearts. And father, I just believe it has to be you that does that. As the enemy would fight this with everything that's in him, may we even more fervently fight back to hold on to every word of God to believe it. Take into our bosom and say amen to it. We love you. We ask these things tonight as we pray a blessing upon your people in Jesus name. Amen.
