################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-20 - The Flaw Paradox - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-20
Title:   The Flaw Paradox
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t8d_eoDEdvQ
========================================

Description:
The Flaw Paradox
Wednesday Service: August 20, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Isaiah chapter 53 and I'd like to read the whole thing. These 12 verses are so rich. Who hath believed our report. And to whom is the arm of the Lord revealed? For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant and as a root out of a dry ground. He hath no form nor clumliness. And when we see shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him. Now remember this. This is about Jesus Christ. This is the Messiah, the son of God, the king of glory. He is He is despised and rejected of men, a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief. And we have hid we hid as it were our faces from him. He was despised and we esteemed him not. Surely he hath borne our griefs and carried our sorrows. Yet we did esteem him stricken, smitten of God, and afflicted. But he was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon him. And with his stripes we are healed. We like sheep have gone astray. We have turned everyone to his own way. And the Lord hath laid on him the iniquity of us all. He was oppressed and he was afflicted yet he opened not his mouth. He's brought as the lamb to the slaughter and as a sheep before his shears is dumb. So he opened not not his mouth. He was taken from prison and from judgment. And who shall declare his generation? For he was cut off out of the land of the living. For the transgression of my people was he stricken? And he made his grave with the wicked, with the rich in his death, because he had done no violence, neither was any deceit in his mouth. Yet it pleased the Lord to bruise him. He hath put him to grief. When thou shalt make his soul an offering for sin, he shall see his seed. He shall prolong his days, and the pleasure of the Lord shall prosper in his hand. He shall see of the tr of the travail of his soul, and shall be satisfied. By his knowledge shall my righteous servant justify many, for he shall bear their iniquities. Therefore will I divide him a portion with the great, and he shall divide the spoil with the strong, because he hath poured out his soul unto death, and he was numbered with the transgressors, and he bear the sin of many, and made intercession for the transgressors. My, this is just amazing. Let's pray again. And heavenly father, Lord, I truly desire that as we've entered all these verses into the record that you could now amplify these to us in a way that not only helps us understand you, but understand the example of us for us. That we could stand as he did in the midst of all the suffering and please you that we too our days could be prolonged and we could receive this blessed inheritance that we have in Christ. We ask this in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. You can be seated. My title tonight is the flaw paradox. I taught maybe calling it the paradox of the flaw. My original working title was the masterpiece paradox and had been preparing these things. And I guess I could say in a lot of ways this is what I didn't finish on Sunday. And so this is a continuation of all these services we've been preaching. Nothing new. Uh it's just all flowing together. Early Monday morning. uh my thought crystallized just exactly on this particular subject of this paradox and on Sunday speaking about grace over shame and that uh that uh that subject if I could phrase it this way we looked at the paradox of nakedness and how that there's this emptiness or lacking there's this being stripped bare and you're laid bare and you have nothing to offer and nothing to bring yet there is this without that nakedness there is no grace if you use anything to try to cover yourself, you use anything to try to protect yourself, then it's almost as if God God's grace can't fully envelop you. So, we have to have that nakedness that it's a paradox of it. You have to be needy to be full. You have to be lacking. You have to be empty. And so, grace cannot cover us if we use our human efforts to shield us from shame. When we feel shame, we want to we want to make sure we don't feel shame. We feel bad. We want to make sure we don't feel bad. And so, we use all sorts of mechanisms to do so. But in this uh uh this brokenness or this nakedness, we have to em accept the shame and embrace it and admit our our lacking in order for grace to be sufficient. And it's Christ who makes it possible. Through Christ, he makes it possible that we could be once again naked but not ashamed. &gt;&gt; Not ashamed. Not through innocence, not through sinless perfection, but through grace. That now through his grace, through Jesus Christ, we could be naked and not ashamed. And so if you're naked and ashamed, there's a lot of things you can try to do to outrun that shame. Uh but yet when you just admit, I'm naked and and I need God's grace and nothing else I can offer. I can't offer any other efforts or conclusions. I'm just going to accept the fact that I'm needy and then his grace can step in and cover you. And you could you're still naked, but you're not ashamed. And so we know that Jesus Christ, as we're reading here, he was the sinless son of God, and he is the example of us for us. So, we can't be sinless. We're not to be in the sense that he was. We're not to be a sacrifice for sin and that he was called to it. But yet, he exemplifies this paradox of nakedness. But then there's also, as I'm calling it tonight, the flaw paradox or the paradox of flaws. And I'll hope you help maybe define what I mean by flaws as we go through this. In John 18:es 33-4, I'd like just to go through this moment of the crucifixion of Jesus Christ. And in doing so, uh, we'll be able to see, uh, the time of his crucifixion, we'll just see some of these things, uh, uh, put them in view. Our last youth meeting we spoke on is what is truth. My inspiration for that was everyone's going back to school. And if you go back to school, whether you're doing it at home or you're doing it uh, in in college or go to a public school or a a charter school or private school, you're going to be hearing a lot of facts, a lot of information. But what we want to know above all that is truth. And so I addressed it to the young people knowing we were going back to school. And we use this script these scriptures here. John 18:es 33 to 40. Brother Rowan, if I lose my place, you know everything I spoke on that day and you can help me get back in my spot. Then Pilate entered into the judgment hall again and called Jesus and said unto him, "Art thou the king of the Jews?" Jesus answered him, saying, answered him, "Sayest thou this thing of thyself? Uh, or did others tell it to thee? Very good. Tell it thee of me. It's very good question. Is this do you want to know because you're wondering or did someone else tell you that I claim to be this or that I am? Pilate answered, "Am I a Jew? Thine nation and the chief priest have delivered thee unto me. What hast thou done?" As Jesus answered, Jesus answered, "My kingdom is not of this world. If my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight that I should not be delivered to the Jews. But now is my kingdom not from hence. Very beautiful answer to explain why he was in this situation because he's saying if my kingdom is of this world then we would have fought this battle a little bit differently. &gt;&gt; Uh my position my calling and who I am in Jesus Christ would have been defended with swords. My life would have been defended with with opposition and a revolution. But saying my kingdom is not from here. So I'm not going to engage with you in this intellectual physical battle. Pilate therefore said unto him, "Art thou a king?" Then Jesus answered,"I think that's a good response." So he's saying, "My kingdom." Well, if he's saying, "My kingdom and having some ownership over it." Pilate realizes that he's claiming to be a king somewhere. Maybe Pilate thinks in another region, another part of this vast world. Jesus answered, "Thou sayest that I am a king. To this end was I born." What end? To be a king? Or is it what he's facing at this moment? And for this cause came I into the world that I should bear witness of the truth. So this is the cause to bear witness of the truth. Everyone that is of the truth heareth my voice. That's thus sayeth the Lord. &gt;&gt; If you are of truth then you will hear his voice. So it's not a question of whether or not you can become truth. It's not a whether or not you have the ear to hear it or the diligence to find it. If you are of truth, you'll hear the voice of truth which is Jesus Christ. So Pilate's response to this Pilate saith unto him what is truth and when he said what is truth and when he had said this he went out again unto the Jews. Now what does that tell us? He did not inquire of Jesus who just claimed to be that he is a witness of the truth and that if you are of the truth you would hear his voice. He doesn't ask him what is truth to know it. He said it dismissively. He wasn't actually seeking truth. He wasn't actually wanting to know truth. He says, "What is truth?" Brother Phillip, you might remember when you said, "Pastor, right? It's more dismissive. What is what is truth anyways? What does that even mean?" He wasn't wanting to know truth. He was really wanting just to get out of what was happening in the moment. Didn't like the position he's being put in. And when he said this, he went out again unto the Jews and saith unto them, what a interesting statement after dismissively saying what is truth. I find in him no fault at all. I want to come back to that. But you have a custom that I should release unto you one at the Passover. Will ye therefore that I release unto you the king of the Jews? Then cried they all again saying, not this man, but Barabbus. And then I love how John puts it here. Now Barabbus was a robber. It's kind of that interesting. Now Barabbus was a robber, right? The one whom Jesus loved. John just had a really neat way of writing these things. And not only was he a robber, but when you look at the into the Bible and the history and the tradition of Barabbus, he was a murderer. He was a rebel rouser. He had caused insurrections. He he was not a good person whatsoever. The things that you could relate to his charge were much worse than that of Jesus. And yet the people despised him so much that they would rather have Barabus than Jesus Christ. And so Jesus proclaims himself as the voice of truth. Pilate kind of under his breath it seems. And I don't think he's necessarily being true, you know, earnest about what is truth. But he questions what truth is. And then he answers the question with his own words. He stands before the people and he says, "I find in him the voice of truth. I find in him the king of the Jews. I find in him whose kingdom is not from here no fault at all." In other words, there's no crime. There's no offense. There's no guilt. There is no basis for condemning him to die. He is not as you have accused him of. &gt;&gt; You that have delivered him unto me. You have delivered one of your own. You of your own people have set you on trial. And I look at him according to your accusations. And I declare that he is not false according to your standards. He says, I find in him no fault. Yet Paul uh Pilate making this declaration, we could say Jesus's current predicament works against the narrative of him being a guiltless king who has a kingdom that it seems very self- serving. Well, if my army was closer, they would not let me be in this position and if my army was not from then you know there's a lot of excuses sometimes that are offered, but it his situation does not seem to be becoming of one who is a guiltless king. There were many accusations brought against him and there's ample reason to reject or even question his authenticity or the authenticity of his claims as being the son of God and the Messiah. And though they these there were these question marks and these uh the situation he was in he had no fault but he had many flaws. And when I use this term, it's when he had flaws, it's not in the sense of blame or guilt because there was no fault in him. But even our English word flaw kind of comes from they say it's maybe Scandinavian in its origin, but a splinter there of a flaw is like a brokenness, something that would make you uncomfortable or unsettling. So when he says, I find no fault in him at all, it's not said in such a way to where anybody looking at this guy would say he's tall, he's handsome, likes to hunt, right? the Cardinals fan, all those things we might think of to think of somebody that we really really like. It wasn't that you could just look at him and say, "This guy is flawless." No, he was without fault, but there was a lot of things about him that maybe we could say sticky or makes you uncomfortable. There was maybe a lot of flaws, especially from the human perspective. Calling this the flaw paradox. I'm wanting you to identify yourself in this. According to the Bible, Jesus Christ had many features that we could say as humans are considered to be negatives. As we read in Isaiah chapter 53, we could say he did no violence. He did not lie. Yet still his life and testimony was full of reproaches. He was uncumbling. He turned our faces as it were. The Bible says that if you really looked at him and you saw him, you'd say, "Oh my goodness." Bible says he was sorrowful and characterized by grief. I'm just reading through Isaiah 53 here, but I'm trying to do it in a way that we can keep our momentum. This implies a a a weak and haggarded warned look and disposition that he's sorrowful and acquainted with grief and he he's kind of characterized by you'd see him like man this guy looks sad you know why the long face John 8:es 57 to 59 then said the Jews unto him thou art not yet 50 years old and hast thou seen Abraham Jesus said unto him verily verily I say unto you before Abraham was I am so even though he's a man around his early 30s he doesn't look like a young man, &gt;&gt; right? He he he like myself, I look like I'm 30, right? Right. Even though I'm 50. And so here is a man who's in his 30s and he makes a comment like you're what about 50? This is not not not not yet 50 years old. But they're kind of saying, you're you're probably getting close. You look old. Yeah. I think this is something for all of us to remind ourselves that you know nowadays at my age when you meet somebody you haven't seen in a long time you're like man they look old and so so so do you brother Aaron you just see yourself every day if you got to see yourself after 20 years you'd be like man poor guy looks tired but it says then took they up stones to cast at him so this is what this instinctive hatred they have for him but Jesus hid himself and went out of the temple going through the midst of them and so passed by so here his sorrowful ful disposition is being characterized as grief shows in even his physical appearance. The Bible says he was despised that means deemed worthless, held in contempt and rejected by man. John 2 18 to 20. Then answered of the Jews and said unto him, what sign showest thou unto us, seeing that thou dost these things? Jesus answered and said unto him, destroy this temple and in three days I will raise it up. Then then said the Jews, 40 and six years was this temple and building and will thou tear it up, rear it up in three days. Notice just how instinctively they choose to hate him or to reject what he's saying instead of saying, "Well, that's a weird saying. What do you mean by that?" Because he was despised. He was held in contempt. Everything that he said just seemed to bother these guys. He was oppressed. Oppressed, it means pressed and tried. The Bible, it says that he was imprisoned. He was judged. He was led to death and then in dying he was buried with the wicked. Luke 19:47 I'm reading of this king Jesus Christ the son of God the Messiah and he taught daily in the temple but the chief priests and the scribes and the chief of the people sought to destroy him. They wanted to destroy him. It is them that succeeded in destroying him. And then even Judas, one of his very own, is the one that kind of colludes with these that hate him. And in conspiring to destroy him, they set a plan in place that's going to cause him to be tried and to be crucified. But yet then the Bible tells us that his he was stricken, he was smitten, he was afflicted, he was wounded, he was bruised, he was chastised, and he was striped. But it was not the Jews that did this to him, but it pleased God that it would happen. says, "It pleased God to bruise him, to grieve him, to subject him, his soul to great travail." Just in taking one scripture and then using Isaiah 53 and then John 18 and then begin to look at Isaiah 53 and see how this played out, you can see that his life was full of flaws, resistance, criticisms, contradiction is what the Bible refers to it as. And these contradictions caused him to be a reproach, caused rumor, innuendo, it caused him suffering, and ultimately it caused him death. In Matthew chapter 9 10-11, let's see how they harped on his flaws. And it came to pass as Jesus sat at meat in the house, behold, many publicans and sinners came and sat down with him and his disciples. And when the Pharisees saw it, they said unto his disciples, "Why eatth your master with publicans and sinners? can't even go to lunch without them throwing shade on him. Why does your master eat with publicans and sinners? They had a problem with the people he fellowshipped with and he was identified with in Luke 7 36-39. And one of the Pharisees desired him that he would eat with him and he went into the pre Pharisees house and sat down to meet. Once again, it's eating that gets them in trouble. I can relate. And behold, a woman in the city, which was a sinner, when she knew that Jesus sat at meet the Pharisees how brought house, brought an alabaster box of ointment, and stood at his feet behind him weeping, and began to wash his feet with tears, and did wipe them with the hairs of her head, and kissed his feet, and anointed them with ointment. I know that we if we read the Bible, we know the end of the story. We read the Bible believing the Bible is true, and we read about Christ having already accepted him as our savior. But if you could somehow separate yourself from the narrative you already understand and give it a little bit of a critical glance, you'd begin to recognize some of these things that people are saying about him might be like, "That's an interesting take." Had you not known who he was and you were invited to lunch also, and you saw a harlot and a prostitute come up behind him and begin to kiss sweetly on his feet and wash his feet, then maybe you would have responded the same way these Pharisees did. &gt;&gt; That's right. When the Pharisees which had bidden him saw it, he spake within himself, saying, "This man, if he were a prophet, would have known who and what manner of woman this is that touchth him, for she is a sinner." Notice just how full his life is of contradictions. If he was a prophet, he would have known this was a woman of ill repute. What prophet would let someone like this get that close to him? This would be another mark against the Messiah. In John 5:18, therefore the Jews sought the more to kill him. Why? Who did he kill? What did he do? Because he not only had broken the Sabbath, but said also that God was his father, making himself equal with God. Jesus in claiming to be of God or that God was his father. If you were to say to a Jew, or this is what they're claiming, God is my father, then you have made yourself equal with God. And that angered them to the point to where they wanted to kill him. &gt;&gt; You catch that? Remember that? We'll come back to it. Matthew 12:4, but when the Pharisees heard it, they said, "This fellow doth not cast out devils, but by be elabub, the prince of devils." So now, when he does perform a miracle, and the devils are cast out, they cannot just say, "Well, we can't quite figure that out. This is unreasonable to us. How could this man that seems to be going against the grain on everything we believe and teach, how can he perform this great miracle and then in some ways try to understand who he is or given the pit of the doubt? They said, "No, he must be doing it by evil power. &gt;&gt; He must be inspired by the devil. This must be hocus pocus. This must be my reading. He must be like all the other false prophets who've tried to do this before. Behold, this is your Messiah." Luke 23:es 1 and 2. And the whole multitude of them arose and led him unto Pilate. And they began to accuse him, saying, "We found this fellow perverting the nation." Wow. Quite an influencer. Perverting the nation and forbidding to give tribute to Caesar, saying that he himself is Christ a king. Now it's just outright lies &gt;&gt; because when he was tested and tempted and they said, "Who to whom should we give tribute?" He goes, "Well, whose image is on the coin?" They said, "Caesar." He said, "Then give to Caesar." What's Caesars's? In every opportunity they had to trip them up, he always had an answer. But it didn't keep them from just outright lying in the end to meet their selfish agenda. &gt;&gt; He perverts the nation. He forbids to give tribute. And he says that he himself is Christ, that he himself is Christ, a king. Doing so, not only has he blasphemed the Jews by being the Messiah, but now he's an affront to Pilate claiming to be a king. These are all the voices of criticisms and uh recontradictions, all the flaws that are being pointed out in his life. And we could say, did he eat with publicans and sinners? Yes, he did. Did he let a harlot wash his feet? Yes, he did. Did he heal on the Sabbath day? Yes, he did. Did he say God was his father? Yes, he did. Did he cast out devils? Yes, he did. Did he do it by the elab? No, he didn't. &gt;&gt; But yet, there's all these things you just begin to stack up against them. Jesus says in Matthew 11 18 and 19, for John came neither eating nor drinking. Now he begins to call their hypocrisy out and they say he hath the devil and John eating uh eating honey and and wild locust, you know. So his diet was inoffensive. I I still think that maybe the vegans might have a problem with eating locust. Uh let me know if that's true. But yet still he just managed to offend somebody enough to say that he had a devil. The son of man came eating and drinking and they say, "Behold a man gluttonous and a wine bber, a friend to publicans and sinners." This is their conclusions about him. I know sometimes we like to think that, well, Jesus Christ was perfect and it's everyone who came later that tried to find fault with him. But no, even in his days of his ministry, they called him gluttonous, a wine bibber, a friend to publicans and sinners. But they says, "But wisdom is justified of her children. They that are of the truth hear his voice." It's a beautiful statement. The wisdom is justified over children. But he claim they claim that he's gluttonous. He's a drunkard. And they had a problem with the people that he associated himself with from the publicans and sinners that are in the just the two chapters prior when it offended him to the woman that washed his feet. They said, "Did you know the people he hung out with? Do you see the ones that he associates with?" They used all of these things as flaws. In the sermon, taking sides with Jesus, brother Bram says, "But Jesus, they just tried to find every little shadow that they could find to try to belittle him in the sight of the people." And that's what the devil wants. They want to they want to hurt your influence before the people. That's the way. Now, I I love how he says this here because he's saying the devil wants to point out the flaws. And then at that point, we can just say, "Well, it doesn't matter what you do. They're going to criticize you. But then he says, "You want to watch careful what you do." Walk like real men of God. Talk like men of God. Act like men of God. Live like men of God. Think about the responsibility. We can't just say, "Well, we have an enemy. We have an adversary. They're going to lie on you. They're going to cheat on you." And Jesus said, "Well, Jesus said, "They're going to call me a wine ba. I might as well drink a little anyways." They're going to say, "I'm gluttonous. I might as well enjoy my meals." They're going to say, "I hang out with the rabel risers. I might well might as well have a nice circle of friends." They're going to say that I claim to be a king. They're going to say, "I did this. I say I do that. I might as well do it anyways." No. &gt;&gt; He says, "Still live like men of God because the devil, your adversary, is going about like a roaring lion trying to devour what he can." Why did they do this? He says, "They were jealous of him." That's what's the reason they tried to belittle him. They were jealous of his ministry. And that's the reason they were trying to belittle. He had the ministry of God, and they knew that, but it was contrary to their creed, their thirst, their desires. So they were trying to belittle him, make every little flaw that they could find get him out of the way. They wanted him to quit. They wanted the people to denounce him. The devil was trying to show every flaw he could to get Jesus to quit. Do you realize the easy part was just to get people to criticize? How easy is it for to get you to criticize? &gt;&gt; Someone says, "You will not believe what so and so did." they actually did this and that and you're like, I knew he was awful. Oh, I was just kidding. Hey, it it it doesn't take anything at all to get you to criticize somebody. But it wasn't just getting people to speak freely and criticize and belittle him. All those efforts were to put enough weight on Christ where he would just quit. &gt;&gt; These are the paradoxes of these flaws. As we spoke about the paradox of nakedness, we mentioned how nakedness there's the paradox was it's associated with birth and innocence, but then it's also associated with death. And in the life of Jesus Christ scripturally as we looked at these things and we saw these uh kind of uh moments where Jesus is doing something and he's immediately met with criticism. So in that glimpse that we have of him from 30 to 33 as we try to deduce from the Bible uh that he is being criticized at every turn. There's flaws, there's accusations, there's all sorts of things he's doing wrong. But even in before, there's question marks on his birth and question marks because of his death. In John chapter 8 verse 41, it says, "Ye do the deeds of your father." So we know what Jesus means when he says this. You do the deeds of your father. It's referring to the devil. And they said to him, we be not born of fornication. We have one father, even God. Wait, what? Repeat that to me slowly. Who's your daddy? &gt;&gt; John chapter 5, Jesus was accused of blaspheming because he said God was his fathers. Now these hypocrites so blinded by hate says we have one father even God making themselves equal to God but yet they're not guilty of the same crime. This is how hate works. &gt;&gt; That's right. &gt;&gt; That when people could see be blinded by their own ambitions and deluded by the devil that they could say, "Oh my goodness, you claim to be this. I don't agree with that. That's awful. That's blasphemy. That that is not the true nature of God." And then they turn right around in a moment where he says, "You be born of fornication." In defense of themselves, they say, "No, we're not. Our father is God." But yet they're not guilty of blasphemy. He says they're born of fornication. In doing so, there's a lot of richness to it to where I believe he's referring to the original sin. And then also making uh referring to their claims that they're not bastard sons. But he's saying, "Look, you can't claim to be pure because you're natural birth." He says, "You are you do the deeds of your father. It's all rooted in the flesh." And yet I think there's more even to this because in his life and even uh after his death, his testimony of who he was born of is plagued with accusations. I want to just look at these very quickly. I'm looking at these flaws. Wouldn't it be nice if we were able to uncover, I don't know, let's say 1.2 two gazillion historical records that proved who Jesus Christ was. Wouldn't that be nice if we could just find the microfish that we all read and says, "Look, every single newspaper at that time said these things happened." But yet, when we go to the source that we have in Matthew chapter 2:1, it says, "Now when Jesus was born in Bethlehem of Judea in the days of Herod the king, behold, there came wise men from the east to Jerusalem." Here, Herod the king is Herod the Great. He died in the year 750 in the years of Rome. the year of Rome, year 750, that would be about, according to our calendars, 4 BC. So the Bible tells us that in the days of Herod, when Christ was born, it would have been about using our calendars 4 BC. Then in Luke chapter 2, it says, "And this taxing was first made when Sirenius was governor of Syria." You read that and think, "Oh, well, no big deal." But it's saying and identifying that the time of Jesus's birth would have been at the time when Sirenius was governor of Syria. But this is very perplexing verse is Sirenius was not a governor of Syria until 6 BC. So within the Bible, so Jesus is trying to say, "Well, I'm 30 years old." They'll say, "Yeah, right." Trying to say how old he was or when he was born. They say, "Well, that you say that you're born in 4 BC, but yet then it's 10 years later that Sirenius is the governor of Syria." As a matter of fact, there is so much historical record. It's on this point alone a lot of critics who don't believe Jesus Christ was the Messiah except that he was yet still a man based upon the historical record that claims that he was the son of Mary and a Roman soldier. Tiberius Julius Abdes Pantera it's recorded in the Jewish Talmet and in other Jewish writings and many different Roman records even gravestones and other records refer to Jesus as being the son of a Roman soldier. These are the rumors that chased him during his life. An illegitimate son. We'd be not born of fornication. He said, "You're of the father of the devil." It's it's even some suggest that when they say, "We be not born of fornication," it was being used as a slur against him. Even in the Bible, his lineage and his birth endure great contradictions. These are the flaws. In Matthew chapter 1:16 it says that Jacob begat Joseph saying that Joseph is the dad Joseph's dad is Jacob. It says the husband of Mary who is born of whom was born Jesus. It kind of goes through his paternal line or his royal right. The direction that Matthew moves is very differently than the way that Luke does in genealogies. But it says that Joseph's dad is Jacob. But then Luke 3:23 and Jesus himself began to be about 30 years of age being as we suppose the son of Joseph which was the son of Heli now Joseph's status and it gives another lineage now many scholars try to resolve this Christians really sincere Christians try to resolve this and say one is the line of Joseph his royal and legal right but the other one is this prophetic priestly line through Mary but Luke says specifically that this is the line through Joseph he was plagued with accusations of who his father was. There was no royal line that he could claim uh to descend from because there was this question mark. Yeah. Joseph found her when she was pregnant. There was a lot of stories told about him. A lot of ways that they tried to cover it up suggesting as as we suppose those writing these things believed him to be the son of God. Matthew 13:es 55-57 they said is this not the carpenter's son is not his mother called Mary they said is this not Mary's son using a phrase that was meant to be criticism and his brethren James and Jose and Simon and Judas and his sisters are they not all with us so it is in one sense looking at it from the standpoint saying hey we know his family we know his father we know his mother he is born of a woman his dad is Joseph his mother's Mary. At this point in the scripture, it's uh it's seems to be that maybe Joseph was dead and now we have his brothers James and and Simon, Judas, his sisters are all with us. And the language even suggest his sisters are with us. They don't understand what's going on. Jesus says, they said, "Whence this man that whence this then hath this man all these things?" And they were offended in him. And Jesus said unto them, "A prophet is not without honor save his own c and save in his own country and in his own house." So he wasn't even honored within his own house. There's not even this honor from his brothers and his sisters. They're they're the ones that brought up the fact that the sisters, they know the sisters, they know the brothers. He's saying, "Hey, this the skepticism and the rejection is within my own family. I'm honored everywhere else except in my own country and in my own house." And they're using this phrase, the son of Mary, as a slur about him to to uh to disparage his testimony. And Zakius the businessman. Now, as I'm going through this, I'm just I'm just I'm just identifying the paradox of the flaws. There's no fault in Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; There's no crime of which he was guilty. &gt;&gt; He he he didn't merit death. despite all these things they accused him of and despite all these things we can say, "Well, he did heal on the Sabbath day." What does the Bible say about that? He did hang out with these guys. What does the Bible say about that? What what what does what do all these things mean? How how can we reconcile all these different things? He was accused. He was rejected. He was despised. The Bible told us he would be. We have not accepted Christ because it's easy. &gt;&gt; We have not believed on him because it was just absolutely convincing. We have done so because you're of him &gt;&gt; and you can't help but do it. &gt;&gt; The sermon Zakius the businessman, brother Bram, when he dramatizes this, it's such a wonderful story how he dramatizes it. But he says, "See how the devil does? He just tries to put everything in your way." So he'll move everything, every doubt, every flaw that he can to keep you from seeing what's truth. He's just good at doing that. So on the back of Satan's baseball card, the fun fact is he's just good at moving everything in your way. The scouting report, he's a one tool athlete. He's good. He'll move everything, every doubt, every flaw he can to keep you from seeing truth. That's what he's good at. &gt;&gt; Tries to put everything in your way. He'll move everything, every doubt, every flaw that he can to keep you from seeing what is truth. &gt;&gt; Nakedness is associated with birth. And when it comes to the birth of Christ, God has allowed there to be a lot of question marks. But it's even his death that may may be the ultimate nakedness, the ultimate shame and embarrassment. questions are surround his death. I know a lot of you love to study the word and read the word and I'm not just referring to ministers. I know that that the the love for the word is rich in this congregation. Have any of you ever tried to study just exactly what day Jesus died? Which meal did they eat in the scripture? Which one was the Passover? What day died? It's exhausting. It's hard to figure it all out with the mills and the dates and the times and be wonderful scholars, beautiful people, great scholars have all come to the conclusion that well it could have been on the Nissan the 14th, it could have been Nissan the 15th, it could have been the meal before this, it could have been the day before that. It's really hard to come up concretely with an exact date, an exact hour. But listen to his death in Mark 15 21-38. And they compel one Simon ofSire, a Sirenian who passed by, coming out of the country, the father of Alexander and Rufus to bear his cross. And they bring him under the place Golgtha, which is being interpreted the place of a skull. Just want you to notice just how ugly and awful his death is. Life hasn't been easy. Tries to heal somebody, he's doing it in the name of the devil. Just wants to have a quiet meal and he's he's a drunkard and a glutton. tries to help people and he hangs out with the wrong people. Is invited to go to a party and all of a sudden a woman starts washing his feet. Now he's not a prophet. If he if he was, he would have known better than to hang out with the likes of them. He had a rough life. And they gave him a drink wine mingled with myrr, but he received it not. And when they had crucified him, they parted his garments, casting lots upon them, and every man and what every man should take. And it was the third hour, and they crucified him. So now we have 9:00 in the morning, the third hour where he is being nailed to the cross. And the subscription of his accusation was written over the king of the Jews. This subscription I think is different in three other places in the the account. And with him they crucified two thieves. The one in his right hand and the other on his left. We know that there's one thief who says remember me this day in paradise. Another one says both thieves railed on him. And the scripture was fulfilled which saith, and he was numbered with the transgressors, and they that passed by railed on him, wagging their heads, and saying, "Ah, thou that destroyest the temple and buildest it in three days." They're mocking him with what he said. Here's the guy who said he could destroy the temple and build it in three days. fascinating that they're accusing him and bringing this up as if it's it's a gotcha moment, but they're just reminding everyone that he said, "Destroy this temple and here they are in the act of destroying it." And what's going to happen three days later? That body's coming up. &gt;&gt; But yet, what was actually prophecy, what was actually something that vindicated him, they used to destroy him, &gt;&gt; to ridicule him, to find fault against him. save thyself and come down from the cross. The fact that he could have and didn't is one of the greatest compliments to his character. Likewise also the chief priests mocking said among themselves with the scribes, he saved others. Himself he cannot save. Notice notice how easy it is in that moment of weakness. They had many t opportunities they say to to grasp him. They didn't want to do it because of the people. And they had this opportunity. They were afraid of what the people would say. But now, now that he's hanging up there on the cross, now that their mission has been fulfilled, now that their collusion with Judas has produced this, now they could say, "Yeah, tough guy. Tough guy when he was alive. Tough guy, but now that he hangs upon the cross, can't do nothing for himself. Let Christ, the king of Israel, descend now from the cross that we may see and believe." This is the attitude. This is the conclusion. When all the flaws were brought to their attention, now do something now. and they that were crucified with him reviled him. So now this scripture says that these thieves those those hanging to his left and right reviled him. And when the sixth hour was come three hours later according to Mark now at noon there was darkness over the whole land until the 9inth hour. So at the sixth hour he's hanging on the cross. I believe it's in the book of John or maybe it's in Luke where it says at the sixth hour he was standing before Pilate. But here in verse 34 it says at the ninth hour Jesus cried with a loud voice saying Eloy lama sakati which is being interpreted my God my God why hast thou forsaken me the Bible says he gave up the ghost crucified to the cross at 9:00 in the morning fits that time period in which you would believe that a man being crucified would die becomes dark at noon he finally dies at 3:00 in this ninth hour and all the earth is dark. He's died. Can't defend himself anymore. They've done to him what they wanted to do. Now that he's dead, that temple, he's not going to be able to tear down that temple and build it up again. Now that he's dead, how can he claim to be the son of God? Now that he's dead, he he's completely naked. Remember on on Sunday, it's in your death. is in that dying that you're stripped of every defense. He has no royal crown that he can point to. He has no throne that he can point to. He can't fight for himself. He can't vindicate himself. He's dead. This is a great mark. This is a great flaw on Jesus Christ. We believe the Bible. Can I get a witness? &gt;&gt; We believe the Bible so we know that he rose again. There's a lot of other books out there that some claim should be a part of the gospels that prove that he did not rise but that his disciples stole the body to create a religion. But we by faith believe this. &gt;&gt; We we believe this combination of books. &gt;&gt; We believe this combination of gospels. And you know what? It doesn't even bother us. How is it you can read this book and believe it so hardily? &gt;&gt; So ask yourself the question, why is it you could read this or any other translation of it, whether it be the amplified or the message or the NIV, and you may read it and say, well, this is a little bit different, but yet no matter what it is, those 66 books to you are sacred. &gt;&gt; Why? &gt;&gt; I think it's a good question. &gt;&gt; Why Why don't we treat the encyclopedias the same way? 66 volumes of encyclopedia books. Why why don't we treat that as a sacred text? &gt;&gt; We believe that he rose again. &gt;&gt; So no matter how bad it looked in that moment, we see where it ended. &gt;&gt; In Psalms 34 12 to20, we featured these verses quite a bit lately. What man is he that desireth life and loveth many days that he may see good? These scriptures speak to Isaiah 53. Because though he saw brokenness and suffering, God did prolong his days. And because of these things, he received goodness and in a place with the rich. Keep thy tongue from evil and thy lips from speaking guile. Depart from evil and do good. Seek peace and pursue it. We've looked at this on resolving evil and good and evil. The eyes of the Lord are upon the righteous and his ears are open unto their cry. The face of the Lord is against them that do evil to cut off the remembrance of them from the earth. The righteous cry and the Lord heareth and deliverth them out of all their troubles. That means the righteous are in trouble. &gt;&gt; Doesn't say he keeps them from trouble. They're in trouble and in their trouble they cry and they are delivered. &gt;&gt; The wicked are cut off in the remembrance from them from the earth. But the righteous are in trouble. The righteous get themselves in predicaments. The righteous have as Jesus Christ is the just one and the righteous one. God did not watch out over his life to where the way that he lived from his birth to his death, everything was just so neat and buttoned up to where everyone had to say that's my boy. That's our Messiah. He just has to go through this. Just let it run its course. It was controversial. &gt;&gt; The controversy of Christ is great. But it says, "The Lord is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart, and saveth such as be of a contrite spirit. Many are the afflictions of the righteous." Can someone please show me that in the Hebrew that means 172? That that's it. Once I've reached the once I've met the quota, no more afflictions, Brother Eleazer, you're good. Kind of like those that believe there's only 144,000 that are going to be saved and like once that's it, you're all out. Well, too bad we can't figure out how. Oh, there's only so many hours of grief you can endure. And we have a clock. We go we wake up in the morning, how many more hours of grief? Oh, I got it down to a hundred. It's not that way. Many are the afflictions of the righteous, but the Lord delivers him out of them all. They are afflicted. They are in trouble. They cry in their distresses. They are despised. They are cast down. But the Lord delivers them out of all. He keepeth all his bones. Now this prophecy of the crucifixion, he keepeth all his bones and none of them is broken. The life of Jesus Christ was full of wounds and scars, brokenness and rejection. And our lives are the same, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; It's the same disappointments. &gt;&gt; How many times have we felt like we achieved we we broke the sound barrier, right? We broke through. I'm now gonna just coast. I I've made it past the hard part in life. Have anybody ever said that before? Right? You thought if you could just make it to eighth grade, like life's going to get easy. All right, man. If I could just get the promotion, I could just get this all all sorts of junctures in life. We thought, man, if I could just I'm going to get through this. Let me just testify. I have found quite often I have a corner that I'm wanting to turn. And I feel like once I turn that corner, I'm just going to be like, "Here's the home stretch. It's all laid out before me. All free weekends. Got my schedule laid out. It's going to be good." Then I find out I feel like I'm on a NASCAR track. &gt;&gt; Just one giant turn. There's always something coming up. &gt;&gt; Rarely do we ever say, "I'm done." And have enough time to breathe without there something like, "Oh, got this coming up. You got that coming up." &gt;&gt; Because many are the afflictions of the righteous. difficulties, hard times. I know we preach a gospel of joy and peace and the fruits of the spirit are all make you feel really good when you think about it, but those things come at a great cost. &gt;&gt; The chastisement of your peace was upon him. It didn't mean that that would you weren't going to be chastised. It just means that through your chastisement, you could succeed to have peace. &gt;&gt; Amen. The wrath of God was upon him and he paid the price for your sins. But that doesn't mean we don't endure sadness and harshness and difficulty in this life. &gt;&gt; This is the paradox of being a perfect son or daughter of God. There's still brokenness and nakedness and suffering. But yet somehow in all this, he keeps all his bones. something. Though the outside was scarred and marred and bleeding and bruised and bloody and aged and despised and not beautiful and unccoming, there still was something that all that was held up by that God said, "I'll preserve the structure. &gt;&gt; I won't let a bone of his be broken." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; In other words, though the outward suffered, God preserved a wholeness. Amen. &gt;&gt; This is the paradox of flaws. God, it says God is close to those who have a broken heart and saves those who have a contrite spirit. If you want to find where God is, if you want to find him, get broken. He'll come to you in your depression, in your fear, in your anxiety, in your darkest moment when everything's falling apart. He's close. &gt;&gt; But will you turn to him? &gt;&gt; Will you accept him? Is that the moment you really want him? &gt;&gt; Because he says he's n to them that are of a broken heart. Or are we quick to start dressing ourselves in our loin cloths, in our rationalizations, in our own fears? is the Lord is nigh unto them. The paradox of flaws is that God feels the brokenness because he's nigh and he saves you because of it. The troubles, the difficulties, he covers your nakedness with himself. &gt;&gt; I know many of you are familiar with Michelangelo. And I always spell his name wrong. Instinctively, I want to spell it like Michael, you know, but it's uh it's looks like Michelle, M I C H E L. I'm just trying to teach a few things here. And then Angelo. Michelangelo is a very interesting artist. He's a very passionate person as the the histories will tell. And I found um as of late just studying these things that many of his works remained unfinish in life. And he was characterized as often. And he was characterized as someone who wanted to work with things that were unfinished and imperfect. Actually, a recent exhibition of his work with some of the genuine sketchings and maybe some small pieces, but then replicas of a lot of his famous marble works and sculptures was presented at a museum, I believe, in Copenhagen. And the name of the exhibition was Michelangelo imperfect. Something that just identified him in some ways as being imperfect. and the Doom of Pieta in this this uh picture here. This is a a sculpture he did later in life and he was trying to replicate something he had done when he was young. I know it's difficult to see, but even looking at it, you might realize it. The arm of Christ looks a little bit odd. But there's a lot of irregularities of this sculpture, disproportionate limbs. And and looking at it, you would say, well, this doesn't seem to be maybe a piece by a great artist. And even many critics have looked at this and said, compared to what Michelangelo was able to do, it's really melodramatic. It there's uh it's kind of listless. There's no energy to the piece. And there's a lot of troubling imperfections that exist in this great sculpture. And it it is not just believed, but the evidence is there even on the sculpture itself that Michelangelo hammered this statue statue. Took a hammer and began to beat it and strike it in many different places, obscuring perhaps the parts that he found dissatisfactory. Creates this piece. They found some letters where he wrote about it, what he was trying to do, and whatever, for whatever reason, he took a hammer, began to beat it, and he began to strike it many different places. And if you look closely, you could see chips and marks and cracks. After he died, another sculptor tried to fix it by chiseling the edges and smoothing out and polishing the surface. But one one writer at the time said, "It's good that that person died." Because what they tried to do is they were trying to polish up something that the artist himself had made broken. Trying to go back and fix the edges and the rough spots and the cracks and the fissures and the irregularities. He was trying to take something that was in the heart of the artist that reflected even the wrath and the anger and the passion of the artist and he was trying to clear it up such that the retouching, the polishing, though it was an attempt to fix the flaw, actually made it worse. You following me? &gt;&gt; Kind of drifted into art class, but we're talking about the masterpiece paradox. &gt;&gt; Then we have this sculpture of Moses. I've included this this picture here as it isolates him. I read this summation of the beast. Now, kind of just imagine what Michelangelo is bringing forth. Moses turns his head, eyes blazing. Very different from this last one we just looked at. There's there's emotion in this guy's eye. In Moses's eye, his body seems to follow his left leg tense as if he's about to rise. Do you kind of see that? To where the one the one going back, the other one ready. He he he looks ready to rise to the occasion. He's holding this the the tablets of stone, the locks of his beard flow through his fingers. You see that? As he's as he's holding that, we may be seeing him as he as described in the Bible upon his second ascent to Mount Si. He's just destroyed the first set of tablets inscribed with the Ten Commandments. In anger at his people, God now appears to him, showing only his back. Under his arms are uninscribed tablets upon which God's covenant will be reaffirmed. The Hebrew word for radiance around Moses's head can be interpreted as horns, which led to him frequently being depicted with horns on his forehead. Wow. There's a lot in this. &gt;&gt; There's a lot to see in this image. We say, "Oh, well that's that's Moses." But from the this leg being backwards, this one being forwards, his his fingers curling through his beards, his muscles are tight and tense, the look upon his face, the horns upon his head, it's showing this moment has so much energy, so much passion, and there's staggering details in this. Notice here. Can you see a slightly raised pinky in this with this pinky being slightly raised? You say, "Oh, well, maybe he had difficulty." My daughter is an excellent artist and uh we've been trying to learn how to draw lips. And so, there's some things that you draw that can be very difficult. I'm drawing hands. Hey, if I have an artistic style, my hands look one way, pterodactyl or something, right? I'm just going to, you know, it's a hand. You know what I'm going for here. You don't have to get all technical about how many fingers somebody has. Just do the mitten look, right? But here, Moses is being sculpted to where there's so much energy. There's so much life. And he has his pinky. Look at how hard he made this. But you talk about 3D printing. I'm fascinated with 3D printers. We can make lizards that glow and moving tails. And all the kids took all the glowing ones. I got like one whose spots glow at least. But this is amazing. And this man used stone and a hammer and chisel and could make a hand with the finger curled over the other. And it looks like it all has so much depth as if you could take the hand and move it. And that's not just the staggering detail of the pinky. He has the correct muscle flexed. &gt;&gt; When that muscle is raised, there's a a particular uh when that finger is raised, there's a particular muscle that flexes. And and I wrote it down because I knew I wouldn't be able to re remember it. But it by doing this, it demonstrates the extensor digit minim. But the Scott, I might just have you give the the Latin for all this in the future for anything uh that relates to the human body. But the muscle, notice the detail. If that was just smooth as glass, none of us would probably say, you know, I found a problem. See that pinky little bit distended? Where's the muscle? Where's the definition? We know Moses did that. He worked out. He did the putty. Never skipped pinky day. But in all the staggering details, what made it a masterpiece? What made it a masterpiece? This is the paradox of the masterpiece. The paradox of the masterpiece is the flaw that made it a masterpiece. If you look at this picture here, I've circled these parts so that you can see them. The knee, and I've read a lot of historians on this. I don't know why some conclude this and art skeptics say, "Oh, what we merely see here is a vein that was in the marble extending out." But if you look close, there's clearly some imprint right upon the knee at the moment that this vein begins. And this is the story that's often told that Moses and some that excuse me, I call him Moses, Michelangelo was so invested in this sculpture that he talked to it as if it was human. He was so caught up in the vision, so much consumed by what he saw on the block that he could even be so particular with the muscle movements. He could have the hair of his locks of his beard and curled in his hands. He could have this motion as if it were rising. He could have these eyes blazing with fire. He have this sense that maybe he had just seen the backside of God. And now he when he looks at he sees it. They say he took the hammer and he struck the knee. And it's not just the knee that struck, but if you follow the path of this, the toe is chipped. That would almost look like the path that the hammer may have followed when he struck the knee and followed through and chipped the toe. And some may look at that and say, "Ah, he messed it up." But that's what made it a masterpiece. &gt;&gt; It's not the pinky being raised. It's not the horns upon his head, it's the flaw. And the masterpiece, Brother Brham said, and when it was completed, he so was so inspired by to he thought his own masterpiece should speak back to him. And he struck it across the leg and hollered, "Speak." And it made a flaw on it. It put a flaw in the image. To me, the flaw was what made it the masterpiece. Maybe to the mind that might think different, you might think that spoiled it. No. To me, it made it what it was. This is what those guys, those Pharisees, and those scribes, and the people in the days of Jesus, this is where they had it all wrong. They thought the son of God would be so perfect, you couldn't lay anything to his charge, anything. That he would somehow just be so sensitive to all their sensibilities and their sensitivities and their rules and their regulations and who he could hang out with and who he could eat with. And that he would just plate everyone. He'd be a man of peace. And here he is causing so much subversion, so many controversies, so many problems. And it was all those things that turned people off. But it's those things that made Christ a relatable Messiah. &gt;&gt; But Elizer, I believe it was you, ministered on it earlier this year when he talked about, he asked the question, why did God let the scars remain? Why? Why didn't God just cover the scars up? Would have it not been just a supernatural Jesus appeared as they would have recognized him before as the disciples sat down to meet him like Jesus it's you what happened to the scars would have been just a testament but yet he retained the scars why would he let the perfect son of God in a glorified body that could not die still bear in it scars in marks of human woundings and hatred scars that indicate weakness wounds in his eye that indicated his very death. Why did God allow it to remain? Because it's in that that he's the Messiah. &gt;&gt; It's in that that he's the mighty conqueror. It's in that that we could see our sins and our peace. &gt;&gt; God is so interested in your peace and your salvation and your healing that even in the physical manifestation of his son, he did not remove the scars. He did not remove the holes. He did not remove the bleeding side. He wanted it always be visible that these flaws were for your protection. Amen. &gt;&gt; Yes, sir. &gt;&gt; You see, so often what happens is when a somebody is afflicted with cancer and a lot of times it happens with even young people or spouses and they go through chemotherapy treatment and they get their hair, they lose their hair and they're completely bald and somebody else identifies themsel with that person and they shave their head. People who've grown their hair out for years, men or women, they shave it and do what? To show you're you're I I I'm with you in this. I support you. You're not going to go at this alone. And not only did he bear our sins, but he also bears in his bodies the marks of the fact that he died for your sickness. He died for your sins. And he'll want to appear before you naked and wounded and bruised every moment of every day. So that you recognize in him is your peace. Amen. &gt;&gt; And the very moment when it was announced that the mighty lamb, the lion has prevailed to take the book and loose the seals thereof, he didn't change his visions, he still wanted you to know he was a weak, wounded, bloody, beaten, naked lamb of God. &gt;&gt; He still bore the reproach. He still bore the scars. He still featured the flaws in the moment that you would think be as great as conquest. He said, 'I don't want anyone ever to forget that there's a lot of things, a lot of darkness and uh uh wounding and suffering. &gt;&gt; God values the flaw and uses it for your gain. &gt;&gt; But it's the devil that exploits the flaws to your loss. There's a writer, I can't remember just exactly now how the lyrics go, but speaking about the devil, and he says he gives he gives you hope and then takes it away. It's exactly what the devil does. Hey, guess what? Guess what? It's going to happen. It's going to be awesome. You're like, oh, yay, wonderful. And he's like, no, it's not. That's what he does. That's what the devil does. Psalm 51 16 and 17 says, "For thou desireest not sacrifice, else would I give it. Thou delightest not in burnt offering. Think of this moment in Psalm 51. What can I offer him? What can I give? What is it God wants to see? Does he want you to present a beautiful altar? Does he want you to present a lot of noise, a lot of language, a lot all these different things? Says the sacrifices of God, the sacrifices that God loves, that he looks for and wants are a broken spirit and a broken and contrite heart. God, oh God, thou will not despise. Contrite means broken or crushed. It's wounded, broken, split into pieces, scarred, naked. What can we offer him? A perfect sacrifice. Let's find a lamb without blemish. Let's find a a a red heer. Perfect. No, what he wants actually is a sacrifice of a broken spirit, crushed heart, broken into pieces. That may make some people uncomfortable. How could a loving God, why would he want that? God could watch over your life from birth till death and never allow you to feel pain, suffer, or ever experience any deficit. And you would die without having never known God. You just would have thought, "I'm charmed." It would have been it would have you would have never known him for a moment. But where do you find God? In those dark places. &gt;&gt; In the emptiness, in the void. Remember the evil in this world declares his presence. &gt;&gt; Not because he's in it. It's just the way that God works. You want to know why we believe in the the present Jesus Christ in this hour? Because we see the manifestation of evil at its greatest that it's ever been. &gt;&gt; Why? It's to show the light. Jesus, excuse me, in the sermon Jehovah Gyra part one, something come up in the church and the devil can get amongst a group of fine people and get in there and go to whipping that congregation around. The first thing you know, say, "Huh, I'm going to leave this old thing. There wasn't nothing to it in the first place." The devil's doing the whipping. &gt;&gt; Devil's whipping things around. This is just like the devil to go up to somebody, punch them in the lip, and their lips bleed and say, "Can you believe they have a bloody lip? God must not be in this thing." &gt;&gt; He starts a fire, right? He's the arsonist because he wants to be the one to point it out. I'm leaving this whole thing. He goes, "The first little flaw the devil can show you, then you you're through with it." Because what is he good at? Flaws. He's got a compendium of them. The devil is only good at identifying flaws. If you ever want to know if it's the devil, he'll show you something's wrong without the ability to show you what is right. &gt;&gt; That's his secret. Because even when he's right about something, God does know the day you eat thereof your eyes will be open. He was right. But he doesn't understand fully and is not willing to fully share the consequences of it. Because at the end of the day, he's incapable of truth. Amen. &gt;&gt; So he can show you flaws all day long, but what he cannot do &gt;&gt; is show you the God that's in it. &gt;&gt; So I want you to recognize this. When you see the flaw, don't panic. When you see the the the absence, the void, the pain, the suffering, when you see the brokenness, you see the crushed, you see the wounding, the bleeding, the rejection, don't panic. Keep looking closely. The wicked one is snared in the works of his own hands the pit that he dug for you. He'll fall into the midst himself because you'll look into the void. You'll look into the air. You'll look into the darkness. You'll look into the flaw. And in the flaw, God will reveal himself. &gt;&gt; You don't have to turn away from it. &gt;&gt; You don't have to run and hide. If you want to see him, you'll see him in the very thing &gt;&gt; that causes people to turn away. Amen. &gt;&gt; There's a a a a principle of there's an ancient art called ksugi. It's a Japanese art of repairing broken pottery. It's rooted in an ancient philosophy of seeing beauty and flawed things or the imperfect. And unlike other techniques that try to hide damage, this kugi glorifi glory, I want to say it this glories in imperfections. Paul said, "Will you will you take this thorn away from me?" And Jesus Jesus said, "My grace is sufficient." &gt;&gt; And so what he did is he said instead of removing the thorn, he wanted to accentuate it. He he wanted to glory in it because that wasn't proof he was rejected. And so if something broke, a piece of pottery broke, instead of rejoining the pieces meticulously with glue or some sort of camouflage adhesive, kinugi is in the Japanese, that word is two words, k andsugi, gold repair. Golden repair. Golden joinery. And what it does is it fills the missing pieces and rejoins the broken with gold. I want you to think about this. If you were a perfect piece of pottery, never any marks, never any fissures, nothing ever broken, you might be able to brag that you were a perfect piece of pottery, perfect flesh. But this pottery, when it's broken, they don't try to glue it back together in such a way to where you never noticed it was broken. Isn't that what we do when we break something? We want it to look so perfect that you can never know it was broken. Oh, I'm so glad for Gorilla Glue, right? You can't tell it was ever broken. That's what you want in an auto body repair shop, right? I don't want to know it was ever in a helltorm. I don't ever want to know that it was I want the paint to match. I want everything to be perfect. But yet, here's an art that glories in the imperfections. And you can see where the cracks are, but where it doesn't perfectly line up. Where there was something missing and where it was broken, it once separated. Gold is used to bring it back together to make it whole. And it's just as useful as it was before. Oh, hallelujah. Think about what the the image of what this represents in our lives. We don't ever want to be broken. If we see something broken, we recoil. It's wasted. It's garbage. Just get rid of it. Put it on the dung hill. It we don't need anymore. But God picks up the broken pieces &gt;&gt; and he says, "I'm not just going to glue it together so you look perfect, but I'll be the gold that takes the broken pieces and mends the piece." &gt;&gt; And if it was never broken, the deity could have never joined it back together. &gt;&gt; But it's called golden repair. What is that gold? Gold binds the broken pieces. What is that gold? It's the Christlike character. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; That brings you back together to yourself. &gt;&gt; When it all seems to been stripped away. When everything that you ever believed is taken from you. When you face your darkness and your willingness say, "God, I'm shattered into a million broken pieces." God can be the gold that just binds it all back together. &gt;&gt; God is the golden joinery, &gt;&gt; turning our brokenness into beauty. &gt;&gt; And the flaw becomes points of contact. The brokenness, see all the goldeness, the crack, the broken pieces become the place where God says, "Here I am. &gt;&gt; Here I am. &gt;&gt; Let me come in there. Let me bring it back together again." &gt;&gt; God can do that in this church. &gt;&gt; God can do it in your marriages. He can do it in your family. He could do it in your in your body, your spirit. What is the Christlike character? It doesn't go through your life and say, "Oh, sister, you never ever made a mistake. You never told that lie. You never did this. You never did that. It takes the broken pieces, our conscience that's condemned. And he says, "Why don't I just give you character?" How you going to get the character? Not by saying you never did all those things, but by Christ like Christ the gold coming in and say, "Let me bring it back together. I'm going to make it stronger." This is a piece that lied one time, but now look at it. &gt;&gt; This is a piece that fell one time, but now look at it. &gt;&gt; This is a piece that did something Brother said never to do before, but now look at it. God can step into the broken piece &gt;&gt; and go deity be in their Christlike character. &gt;&gt; Revelations 3:18, I counsel thee to buy of me gold tried in the fire. Why? Because you're broken. &gt;&gt; Why do you need gold? Cuz it's that which will fuse the broken pieces together. We're rich. We're increased with good. We have need of nothing, but you're wretched, miserable, poor, blind, naked, you're lacking. You're broken pieces. Why do you need gold tried in the fire? You need that gold. that purified pure gold to come and bring the pieces back together. &gt;&gt; Buy of me gold tried in the fire. The sermon, who is Jesus? Brother Brandham says, but there's something about it. Please listen to me with all that is in you. Say say in your heart even right now. Okay, I may not be going through it right now. I don't feel any brokenness whatsoever. That's great. That's fine. Listen right now and save this up for the day you're going to need it. That's right. &gt;&gt; Listen, I I mean this everybody here listen. It's amazing how many can come to church and not listen. &gt;&gt; But there's something about it. When you want to see Jesus real bad, you'll do anything. You'll do just anything. If you want to see him real bad, what was he? The way, the truth, the life. &gt;&gt; What is truth? It was Christ. &gt;&gt; If you really want to see it bad, Satan is going to try to keep you from doing it, too. You want Satan to show up? You want him to show up? Start seeking for truth. &gt;&gt; He's going to put a flaw in the way every time to keep you from seeing him. He'll blind your eyes with anything he can. But if you are determined, God will make a way for you. It's thus sayeth the Lord. If you want to see them, if you want to know them, you can guarantee that Satan will start trying to throw roadblocks and flaws your own or others, and he'll try to keep you from seeing truth. But don't turn away. Keep pursuing it with everything that's in you. &gt;&gt; Keep saying, "I want to see him. I want to know him. I want to feel them. I want that anchor." &gt;&gt; No matter how many flaws he puts in your way, that's what he's good at. &gt;&gt; Did you not read the scouting report? He was already inducted into the Hall of Fame before his career ended and being the best at showing flaws and fa faults. &gt;&gt; But if you're determined, God will make a way for you. &gt;&gt; And we might say, "Oh, will he will he take all the flaws away? Will he change my past so that I I don't have these memories and these scars? Is everything going to be ever good at going to Columbia again?" No. You're going to look right at the flaw and all of a sudden you're going to say, "There he is. &gt;&gt; He was there all the time." He's in these broken pieces. Look at this beautiful picture. I see Christ in every verse. I even though these stories don't seem to line up with B 4 BC and 6 AD and this one and that one and I I don't know what. But all of a sudden, God starts to make himself known and you can stand in the face of the flaws that won't go away. Say, I know my redeemer lives. I know this Bible is true. I know that God is a good God and a loving God and his love is to me. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Sister Rebecca, if you could come to your instrument tonight, Brother Elliott in Hebrews 12:es 1:4. Brother Preston, I look forward to the day you grab that base. Wherefore, seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight, and the sin which doth so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us. &gt;&gt; You got a race to run. &gt;&gt; Can Can I get any support tonight? I hate running. I knew God called me to the right group. Can't stand I don't even like to walk. I built my office three feet from my bed. I don't have to walk. I can just roll over and inchworm into my office. I just thought of it. I could sleep on a gurnie and just electric bed wake up just remote control myself into my office. be like hospice care. Call it hospice husk care. I don't like running, but I got a race to run. &gt;&gt; And running's not fun. Isn't it amazing what runners do to punish themselves and they love it? Hikers, people who love to hike, they haven't had fun until they're near death, right? But it's just in the nature of some people. Well, this is just that's just a poor example of what it means to be a Christian. You be you better be ready to run, &gt;&gt; fight, &gt;&gt; get got up. One thing I learned in hiking more since we moved back here to Arizona is anytime I would walk or hike, you'd reach that that initial exhaustion and pain like that's enough. We're not even to the trail head. I know I've had enough. Right? Then I keep pressing. You get past the initial weakness. You get past the initial fatigue. Your lungs start to burn. and you just keep going and your body just finds another level. &gt;&gt; That's the same way it is spiritually. Once it starts getting hard, don't stop. Don't go back down the mountain. Don't start questioning it. Keep pressing &gt;&gt; cuz you have a race to run. &gt;&gt; Then what do I do? Well, look to Jesus. Looking unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him, endured the cross, despising the shame, and is set down at the right hand of the throne of God. &gt;&gt; Okay. All right. For consider him that endured such contradictions of sinners against himself. Contradiction that sums up his life. [Music] Really his his yoke is easy and his burden is light. But Jesus, your testimony is rough. Your birth and your death hard to accept. Who can accept the birth of a virgin? Even when the prophecy in the Old Testament doesn't say that a woman who doesn't know a man will give birth to a child, it says a young maiden. But yet somewhere in that word, and I believe it was a virgin, a woman who never knew a man would conceive supernaturally the son of God. But textually, contextually, it doesn't always make sense. What is it? God let a hammer be taken to his masterpiece &gt;&gt; so that we could recognize ourselves. Don't you recognize yourself? &gt;&gt; Don't you see yourself in the word? &gt;&gt; Yes. Amen. &gt;&gt; He endured contradictions of sinners against himself, lest ye be wearied and faint in your minds. He was an example of us for us. And in him we see such great contradictions even in ourselves. Our hypocrisies, our inabilities to stand when we need to, lest you be weary and faint in your hearts. And then he says, just to remind us, you have not yet resisted under blood. You haven't been asked to give your life. Not yet. Striving against sin. And we have him who tasted it for us who can help us. Part of overcoming is recognizing the devil in every one of his tricks. And I could sum up his trick as saying he's really good at trying to find fault. But at the same time, you got to recognize that greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. And through him, you are more than a match for the faultfinder. It's almost if to say that if he was to take a fault tonight and say, "Did you see that? Did you see this fault? And you'd be like, "Let me look at that." Yeah. Yep. That's a fault. That's me. I did that. Yeah, you're right. That's me. When the devil's over there going, told you there's the flaw. And he go, "But I just want you to notice something. That's what makes it a masterpiece. It's because of that I knew Christ as a healer. &gt;&gt; It's because of that I knew him as a deliverer. &gt;&gt; It's because of that I knew him that he forgave sins. It's because of this that I knew that he'd never leave me nor forsake me. &gt;&gt; The flaw. The flaw paradox. We're living it, saints. &gt;&gt; As I said Sunday, abandon. I didn't maybe put it these ways, but just abandon yourself to him because you could trust him. No matter how weak, how frail, how dark, how unnerving, how gutsick you are, whatever it might be. In that moment where it seems as if it's the darkest hour, it's then that you say, "God, I need you more than ever. Right now, I need you." &gt;&gt; Let's pray. Stand with me. Our gracious heavenly father, [Music] Lord, this sermon [Music] has so much [Music] There's so much in it for us to just yield to and open up our hearts to. I pray Lord that in the appropriateness of it, you could deal with each heart in a way that they feel comforted and encouraged. Lord, I'd love to be able to preach a gospel that tells them everything is going to be all right. You're never going to hurt. You're never going to agonize. You're never going to feel lost. You're never going to feel this. You're never going to feel that. But Lord, I can't do that because the word doesn't say that. But what I can say Lord is that in those things we are more than a conqueror. In those things we will not be forsaken. In those things we are not without hope. As Paul said we are compassed about on every side and we are perplexed and we are persecuted. And yet despite all those things he says we are not. We are not. We are not. Why? Because we have this treasure in this earth and vessel, the unbroken bones of Jesus Christ, the gold that holds us up. I pray Lord that we could continue to walk in your grace. That in doing so, recognizing our own faults and errors, we could be kind to ourselves because of your grace and kind to others. that we would never be without hope. Nor would we need fail to extend hope to others. This is your body. This is the way. Walk ye in it. Let us not turn to the left nor to the right. And we know that you'll see us all the way through to the end. Lord, I love these people here. I pray that you bless them. We pray for all those absent from us tonight. Bring us all back together safely on Sunday. I pray if you terry in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen.
