################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-30 - Cosmetic Christians - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-30
Title:   Cosmetic Christians
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-FqjMAtJMlM
========================================

Description:
Cosmetic Christians
Sunday Service: March 30, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Hebrews 3:16-19. For some, when they had heard, did provoke, how be it not all that came out of Egypt by Moses. But with whom was he grieved 40 years? Was it not with them that had sinned, whose carcasses fell in the wilderness? And to whom swear he that they should not enter into his rest, but to them that believed not. So we see that they could not enter in because of unbelief. What a important principle. They could not enter because of unbelief. You could take your seats. I'm going to take the title today of cosmetic Christians. And um there's a lot that's meant and to be conveyed in the use of the phrase cosmetic Christians. Uh we had ministered on pseudo Christrist and now cosmetic Christians. We could say that pseudorist produce cosmetic Christians. And I want to give this definition at the outset so you understand where I'm coming from with the use of the term cosmetic. Uh it would be superficial, something that's surface only. If something is cosmetic, it's really only worried about the outward appearance. And cosmetics or cosmetic is referring to the art of beautifying the body. So it's things that are external. not the heart, not the inward things, not the spirit, but something that is applied or some sort of technique or process that beautifies the outside and isn't worried about maybe the inside structure or the inner part. So you could see just from saying this, what we may be referring to, what we may be thinking about is something that is only a Christian externally or by appearance or only the effort is made to the external things and not the internal eternal things. When we ministered last Sunday on pseudo Christrist, we were looking at the principle of the unbeliever pretending to be a believer and that that person is used by the devil to deceive and to discourage to dissuade the believer from going forward in the word of God. So teaching on three kinds of believers isn't meant to categorize everybody, but it's really to enlighten the believer to the fact that there's going to be those that disagree completely and disbelieve and reject outright what you believe. But then there's also going to be those that pretend to believe. And in pretending to believe, it may signal to you certain things that if you accept them as a believer, it would discourage you or dissuade you or deceive you or cause a struggle. So, it's not that we would put other people in categories, but that we would just recognize for ourselves that there's other ways that people present and there's other ways that people believe that become a challenge to the believer. And if thinking outside of yourself uh makes you a little bit nervous because of how these things could be used, uh if we believe that there's an elect of God and a non-elect, we believe there's a seed of God and serpent seed. uh serpent seed, non-elect, uh foolish virgin can all be put into a three-sided billy club that can be used to beat people up. And if that makes you nervous, then just look within yourself and recognize that being born of a woman, I have a makeeliever in me. I have an unbeliever in me. I have these attitudes and this hybrid nature because in uh makebelieving is a believer. An unbeliever impersonates a believer creating a hybrid called a makebeliever. So it's a hybrid of the belief maybe externally or cosmetically uh but yet uh unbelief in the inside pretending to be a believer on the outside. That's what pseudo means. Something that purports to be something that it is not as a way of seducing uh seducing someone. We were using it in the concept of seducing someone else into unbelief or make believe. Now if we could read our text again I think this would be helpful to me. I appreciate your alertness this morning. That's just feels such a welcoming uh uh spirit and just a real pull on the word of God. So it excites me. Hebrews 3 16-19 again. For some when they had heard did provoke. This is the day of the provocation when the children of Israel provoked God. It's a very specific instance in the scripture. This critical point where God is provoked because they did not believe. How be it not all that came out of Egypt by Moses. Not all did provoke is one way you could say that. But with whom was he grieved 40 years. Was it not them that had sinned? So those that sinned grieved the Lord and they died. Their carcasses fell in the wilderness. He's asking a question to make the point. We can conclude from the question that God was grieved with those that had sinned and because of God's grief, they died in the wilderness. And then he states it this way. And to whom swear he that they could not should not enter into his rest. What was the rest? Crossing that Jordan, entering into the promised land to dwell in the promised land. So who was it that he swore swore would not enter into rest? Them that believed not. And he's asking the question, but to them that believed not. So we could say them that believed not, he swore would not enter into rest. Those that believed not were those that sinned and therefore they died in the wilderness. And then he summarizes it. So we see that they could not enter in because of unbelief. That's our that's really the enemy. We sin is unbelief. And when we see homosexuality or we see drug use or we see struggling with uh uh certain perversions or we see something happen that that in itself is an attribute of a place that the we have allowed ourselves to be compromised in faith. Compromised in terms of belief. And so there's a lot of things we can say are the attributes and characteristics of sin, but ultimately comes down to losing that battle of faith and belief. I think that should be encouraging to realize that my faith is the victory that I have to get o overcome the attributes of sin. I just need to overcome unbelief. And what else? How else can we do that but by believing? Just believing saying this is what I believe. This is where I'm going to stake uh uh my faith. And verse five of the book of Judah, it says, "I will therefore put you in remembrance, though you once knew this. How that the Lord having saved the people out of the land of Egypt afterward destroyed them that believed not." Where were they destroyed? It says their carcasses fell in the wilderness that fell, laid low. They were overthrown in the wilderness. So this is and what caused them to be overthrown in the wilderness? Unbelief. And this is where we made the point on God led them out of Egypt and they're in the wilderness. And we'll see this as we read uh in in numbers. We'll get to numbers here in a moment. But what we were trying to show you is that that make belief, how that it's more dangerous than unbelief to the believer because it's subtle. It's fake. It pretends. And so if something purports to be genuine faith and you have genuine faith and then it alters or varies or points to or suggests or says something, you're more likely to be influenced, right? I mean, if the pope all of a sudden came today and uh and his weakened form now came and started telling you this is what you need to do and started teaching things, we'd all look at each other, I ain't kissing that ring. Right? But then let something raise up within the message and quotes brother Bradom and preaches very dynamically and does certain things. There's a lot of people that'll kiss the ring and join the cult because it purports to be the same. And that's just that I'm just using that as an example. Not that I have anyone in particular in mind, but that those are ways that this has happened through years and through decades. It's that which is the closest to what we believe. It through its make believe or through its impersonation that poses the greatest danger to the believer. In 1 Corinthians 10:es 1 to6, moreover, brethren, I would not that ye should be ignorant. How that all our fathers were under the cloud. Now, this is where really want you to zero in on this because those that grieved God, those that sinned, and those that believed not were not without vindication or the presence of God or miracles or blessing. All our fathers were under the cloud. All the children of Israel passed through the sea, were all baptized unto Moses in the cloud and in the sea, and did all eat the same spiritual meat, and did all drink the same spiritual drink? for they drank of that spiritual rock that followed them. And that rock was Christ. So they all had participated in this very this supernatural exodus. But with many of them, God was not well pleased. And why was God not pleased? Well, without faith, it's impossible to please him. So the word that they heard not being mixed with faith ultimately displeased the Lord or grieved him. It says, "For they were overthrown in the wilderness." You see, in the New Testament, that's faith that is overthrown. They were laid low and they died in the desert because of unbelief. And he says this verse six, this is huge here for us or huge maybe if that's how you say it. Now these things were our examples to the intent we should not lust after evil things as they also lusted. God has set these things forth. The Exodus portrayed very real things. It had very practical implications, very real promises to the Jews, very literal physical things. It's a God's promise to them, God moving supernaturally. But now, as the spiritual body of Christ, it is an example to us that we should not lust after evil things. So there there's our Exodus example. This is what we learn from the Exodus is that there was unbelief in the Exodus. There was unbelief in their hearts and that unbelief caused them to lust. It moved them. It persuaded them. It caused them uh to do things that were displeasing to God. So we want to use this example of the Exodus how that sin unbelief is what caused them to fall and to die in the wilderness. So if I could say this, Satan's goal is to cause you to disbelieve. His goal is to cause you to doubt. Now, we could say, "Well, what Satan wants me to do is lust as a young man and do something I shouldn't and and look at something or or or it's cause me to think about something or cause me to uh go and do something that that's what the devil wants you to do." No, what the devil wants you to do is doubt and disbelieve God. So, if he causes you to make a mistake and you wonder, you get cold, you get into a tail spin, you backslide a little little bit, Satan's not satisfied. He wants to work that and utilize that as a way of causing you to doubt God, doubt your election, doubt God's love for you, doubt his forgiveness, whatever it might be. But he wants to create enough space for you to begin to move within this question of, "Well, maybe I can't get it. Maybe I'm not saved. Maybe God doesn't love me. Or maybe God's promise isn't true. Maybe this isn't what's right." That's his goal. If he can get you there, he'll let you do whatever you want within that space. Amen. If it's dressing up as a drag queen and reading little kids stories in libraries, he'll let you do that. If it's going to church and living a clean life, as long as there's faith, unbelief, and doubt, as long as that's you're in that space, he'll let you do whatever you want. Brother Ram talked about going out on this end in the world or going out on this religious end in impersonations. He said he'll let you do either one. Now, if we could look at Numbers 11:es 4, 5, and 6. I know this is maybe at my last overlap scripture. And the mixed multitude that was among them fell a lusting. We just read how that God in the New Testament, Paul says that the Exodus is an example to us to teach us and to show us that we should not lust after evil things as they lusted and that through unbelief we die and perish, fall short of the promise. So here it says there was a mixed multitude that was among them that started to lust. This mixed multitude suggests or tells us and identifies how that there was Israelites, Jews who were born as Israelites, the c uh that came out and they themselves were of the circumcision. A lot of ways we could describe it. They were Jews. That's Israel. But then there was also non-Israel that left with them. They were non-Jews. So there was Jews and Gentiles that left together. When we say that there's Jews, in other words, by birth, they had a promise uh to them that God would send them a deliverer. They had this inheritance in the promised land by right, by birth, by and and even land that had been promised to Abraham and his seed or the children of Israel. And even we could say even by purchase or by possession and right, they they had this right to go back to that land. But then there was others who had never been there, maybe weren't born of that family. And so they're kind of interlopers. They're tagging along and there the crowd and the Bible says immediately and the children of Israel also wept again. We're told that the non-Israelites begin to lust and immediately the children of Israel, not the non-Israelites, but the children of Israel began to cry and weep and said, "Who shall give us flesh to eat?" meat. I don't want a vegan diet. Give me meat. We remember the fish we did eat. maybe pescatarian. We did eat in Egypt freely the cucumbers and the melons and the leaks and the onions and the garlic. There goes the carnivore diet. But our soul is dried away. There's nothing at all besides this mana before our eyes. The crowd or the makebeliever caused the Israelites to complain. It caused them to lust and to begin to question. So as Israel traveled, there was unbelievers that traveled with them. And it was those unbelievers or the crowd that actually begins to cause Israel to stumble. Now they say there's nothing at all but this mana we remember. Think of these things. They remember the fish, the cucumbers, the melons, the leaks, the onions, and the garlic. And our stomachs said right start thinking, man, this is this is sounding really good. I want you to recognize in Exodus 3 7-9 what they remember. And really more importantly, what they forgot, the Lord said, now when he comes down and he appears unto Moses, he says, "I have surely seen the affliction of my people which are in Egypt." Notice he does not mention the fish, the melons, the cucumbers, the garlics, and the leaks, and have heard the cry by reason of their task masters, not their heartburn or indigestion. For I know their sorrows, and I am come down to deliver them out of the hand of the Egyptians. I'm going to take you from your affliction, your taskmasters, and take you to verse eight. And to bring them up out of that land of oppression, affliction, slavery, bondage unto a good land, and a large unto a land flowing with milk and honey. So God is mindful of their diet. He's mindful of the food that they eat under the place of the Canaanites and the Hittites and the Amorites and the Perizzites and the Hivites and the Jebusites. So he recognizes that there will be enemies in that land. He says, "Now therefore, behold, the cry of the children of Israel has come unto me and I have also seen the oppression wherewith the Egyptians oppress them." This is God's promise to them when he comes down and he meets with Moses. And now as they begin to complain, let's compare where they say, "Who is going to give us meat to eat? We remember fish and cucumbers, melons, leaks, and onions. Our souls are depressed and we're anxious and we're d we have no ambition. We have no hope. There's nothing at all but this mana. What were they doing? They were complaining against God. Their lust were contrary to God's word. This is fruits of unbelief. The these are I want you to recognize that what it is is God said, "I'll bring you into a land flowing with milk and honey." And instead of them looking at the man and say, "Man, I can't wait till I don't have this anymore. I can't wait till I can get to that place that is flowing with milk and honey. It's flown with milk. That means there's meat to eat as well. Flowing with milk and honey. I can't wait till I can get there." A and used what God promised as motivation to get out of their present condition. They looked backwards. And what would that indicate? They thought more about their ability to get back where they were and go back to they what they had before than to have faith in the promise that God could lead them to that place of a land, a blessed land flown with milk and honey. It was that mixed multitude that fell a lusting and the co the complainer or the makeeliever caused them to forget God's promise of milk and honey. That's right. But more importantly, it made them forget the pain they were suffering because they didn't the scripture doesn't suggest that they go, "Man, we used to eat fish or maybe at least caught fish, right? Used to go fishing. We used to eat garlic and melons and cucumbers and we could make pickles out of that and we could do this and we could do that and everything was really really good and and and life was great and and it doesn't enter into the conversation." I said, "But man, do you really remember how bad we actually had it? Do you remember how bad it was in Pentecost? Do you remember how bad it was in denominations? Do you remember how bad it was in false doctrine? Do you remember how bad it was in unbelief? Do you remember bad it was in the world? And for them, they had forgot the affliction, their sorrows, their task masters, the oppression. So, not only did they forget the promise that God would bring them to a place where they could eat as well as they wanted to, they forgot the pain of the bondage and all they thought about is maybe how good they had it in a very carnal shallow aspect. Now, God having made the promise that he would bring them into a good land or a land that was promised, we could call it the promised land or promised land in Numbers 13:es 1:3. I think I'm on a roll here of just using three uh each time. Glory. Uh well, I guess I use six in first Corinthians. So, but if you add Jude, that's seven. Glory. Numbers chapter 13. And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying, "Send thou men." This is God making this request. God is saying, "Send spies. Send thou men that they may search the land of Canaan, which I give unto the children of Israel. Of every tribe of the fathers shall you send a man, every one of a ruler among them. Why would God ask him to do this? Did God need spies? Did God need the intelligence? Did God need the intel? Like, go figure this out, come back to me, let me know. I I'm in a blind spot here, right? I need my calvary to go uh cavalry to go before me, get out there, see what's there, report back, and let me know what the enemy is doing. God didn't need the spies. What Israel needed was the testimonial. And Moses by the commandment of the Lord sent them from the wilderness of Piron. All those men were heads. Now they're heads. They're leaders of the children of Israel. God wants them to see for themselves what he promised. Now God had made the promise and they had already began to fail on just taking him at his word. So God says, "Well, let me go ahead and show you the evidence. If the fact that I can cause mana to come out of the sky supernaturally isn't enough, why don't we go ahead and have somebody go and report back with physical evidence of the promised land so that you could see for your eyes that what I have said is true. So God had the spies go, the leaders, the men, the elders. We can maybe say ministry of those that could go in and spy it out, find it, and bring back the evidence that what God said was true. So he wants them to see the promise not that they could try to replicate an Eden in the wilderness but to motivate them to get there. So in verse 25 to 28 it says and they returned from searching of the land 40 after 40 days and they went and came to Moses and to Aaron and to all the congregation of the children of Israel under the wilderness of Piran to Kades. So Kadesh is this place where this happens. So they went they searched out. You could read in the intervening verses how they went out and they looked, the grapes, the things that they brought back, the places there that they sought out, the rivers and the fields, and they brought back word unto them, unto and unto all the congregation, and showed them the fruit of the land, beautiful types that we could see here. They brought back word, witness, testimony, fruit, evidence that they could see. And they told him and said, "We came into the land whetherither thou sentest us, and surely it flowth milk and honey, and this is the fruit of it." By their own experience, they could testify that what God promised Moses and the message he had been giving them was absolutely true. Now, notice this other side to it. Nevertheless, the people be strong that dwell in the land, and the cities are walled and very great. And moreover, we saw the children of Anoch. Anoch there, their witness is God, what God said is true. That their what they spied out, the intel that they brought back confirm God's promise. It is a land flown with milk and honey. They had the fruits of it. And so, not only did it tell them that God was right about the land, but it was right about what was dwelling there. Because he said to Moses, and they certainly would have been taught, it's not empty. You're going to have an enemy. And I won't just drive them all out at once, but little by little by little and little, you will drive them out from before he. Amen. So, Numbers chapter 13:30. We'll continue with uh 31-33. Just focus on verse 30 now for a moment. And Caleb, uh we we could I guess we could have just as easily read verse 29. That shows that they're talking about these uh these inhabitants that live there. And so Caleb sees that there's maybe some unrest, maybe too much focus on the children of Anch and the inhabitants. And Ca Caleb steilled the people before Moses and said, "Happy birthday, brother Caleb. How neat that he's going to be a central figure to my sermon this morning." And I got him right here. Caleb calmed everybody down in the midst of all the clamor. He said, "Let us go up at once and possess it, for we are able to overcome it." Amen. This is the true nature of Caleb here. No matter what he had seen, he says, no matter what he had experienced, he speaks according to the word. He speaks according to the promise. This is his confidence in God's promise, his faith. He confesses what he believes. Now, that doesn't mean that Caleb never saw the tall enemies. Doesn't mean he didn't see the walled cities. Didn't mean that he didn't see them and say, "There's no way we could ever beat these guys in ourselves. These guys are warriors. They've defend built up wall. We're nothing but uh travelers right now. We're a bunch of a band of gypsies wandering through the wilderness living in tents eating only bread and we're going to somehow defeat all these enemies. But he spoke. Let's go now and possess it. We are able to overcome it based upon what did he run the analytics? He say that um nine times out of 10 a group this of this size if we can do this we can beat these people and he figured it out. No, he just looked at God said I will give you the land. I will drive them out from before you. And so he said I don't I'm not I don't know the logistics. I don't know exactly how he's going to do it but we're able to do it. Amen. But the men that went up with him, verse 31, said, "We be not able to go up against the people, for they are stronger than we." And they brought up an evil report of the land. I want you to look at this as a lie. An evil report. They slandered it. They lied about the land and God, which they had searched out unto the searched unto the children of Israel, saying, "The land through which we've gone to search it, it is a land." Now they don't say flowing with milk and honey and they don't say that it has these inhabitants but they say that eateth up the inhabitants thereof and all the people that we saw in it are men of great stature and we and there we saw the giants the son of sons of Anoch which come of the giants and we were in our own sight as grasshoppers and so we were in their sight. Their words were an insult to God. And what are the rabbitical teachings and the uh they phrase it this way. They hurled invective toward on high. This insult and they say about the land that we cannot take it. The men of great stature are bigger than us and we are giant. We are grasshoppers in our own sight. But Philip, I remember brother Eric Reek preaching uh grasshopper mentality decades ago. uh giant killer faith or giant faith and grasshopper mentality. It was a uh I remember the title for sure. I remember much of the sermon, but maybe I'm getting a little bit wrong. Please reach out to your family network and get the correct title for me. I've often said that between Sister Carol, Brother Phillip, they're related to everybody in the message. And so there's your network right there. We are in our own side as grasshoppers. And now they could speak about themselves individually. Those 10 could at least say, "Well, I felt like a grasshopper in their own sight." But he said, "So were so we were in their sight." You catch that? They did not consider what God had made them in their sight. They just assumed because they felt little, because they felt worthless, because they felt small. and compared to Anoch and these giants that they felt like grasshoppers. They never considered what God could make them look like to the giants. He never they never considered God's promise. They never considered God's word and what God could do. So, they insulted God by their commentary. Caleb believed the word of God. But it was these unbelievers, these unbelieving spies that lied and hurled insults towards God. Now the very next verse is chapter 14 verse one. So there's not a break in the scripture but by our divisions of chapters immediately after they talk about grasshopper with this grasshopper mentality. uh they impact and it goes viral and all the congregation lifted up their voice and cried and the people wept that night and all the children of Israel murmured against Moses and against Aaron on the word of 10 spies who brought back all the evidence they would ever need that God's word was true and in the face of a witness who went and said we can do it that caused all the congregation to weep. And they said, "Would God that we had died in the land of Egypt or would God we had died in this wilderness?" This is this is loser mentality. This is give up. This is a deliberate choice to not to not even fight against a visceral reaction. Man, I'm scared to death. I I'm worried that that they they give into the fear, the loathing, the doubt. They give into the thoughts of fragility. They give in the thoughts of weakness. And it's saying, "I'm weak, but God in you, I'm strong. I'm unable. I'm a grasshopper, but Lord, you're greater than that. You can use a grasshopper." I've seen how what they can do in the plagues. Send us as grasshoppers. Lord, let us eat the land itself. Let it not eat us up. But no, they gave into those feelings of doubt and fear. Said, "We wish we would have died in Egypt. We wish we'd die in the wilderness. And wherefore hath the Lord brought us unto this land to fall by the sword that our wives and our children should be a prey. Were it not better for us to return into Egypt? Rather rather be slaves than to fight for freedom. Rather go back to bondage to the leaks and the onions and the garlic and the fish and the melons and the cucumbers and be slaves. Notice what the things they they don't mind if they can be tickled in this area. They don't mind the bondage versus just abandoning themselves to God's promise. Just taking God at his word. They said one to another, "Let us make a captain. Let us return into Egypt." The makeeliever will always find their false prophet. They will find their pseudo Christ who will tickle their fancy and lead them to the place where they can eat what they want and and suggest that they're better now. Because the God- called ministries failed or this has failed or that has failed and now we've been led to where we can be taken care of. We can be fed, but it's a reverse back to bondage. Make a captain over us that we can be led back into Egypt. Then Moses and Aaron fell on their faces before all the assembly of the congregation of the children of Israel. And Joshua, is Joshua here? Nope. Okay. and Joshua the son of Nun, and Caleb the son of Martin and Pearla, which were of them that searched the land, rent their clothes. And they spoke unto all the company of the children of Israel, saying, "The land which we pass through to search." I want you to notice how two stand up in the face of two million. They don't care what's going viral. They don't care what the bully pulpit says. They don't care uh uh what the what the wave is and what the crowd is doing. They don't care about the climate. They don't care about the cancel culture. You name it. They say, "Wait a minute. The land which we pass through to search it is an exceeding good land. They want to bring it back to the truth, not the spin, not the lies. If the Lord delight in us, then he will bring us into this land and give it us a land which flowth with milk and honey." They stayed true to God's promise. They didn't embellish. They didn't lie. Notice they didn't say, "Oh, there's really no enemies there. There's no giants there." Look, it's already set up our age. I actually went into a culde-sac that had your name on it. And I went to a place that had this market there and that market there. Everything was No, there was no lies. Spoke honestly, didn't deny the reality. Yes, there's battles. Yes, there's hardships. Yes, there's wars and there's fighting. So, the only answer is to stay true to God's word. Verse 9, only rebel not ye against the Lord. Neither fear ye the people of the land. They're there, but just don't be afraid of them. For they are bred for us. Hallelujah. Their defense is departed from them. And the Lord is with us. Fear them not. Take God at his word. Believe the word. Word only. Only believe. But all the congregation bade stone them with stones. That's the response. Don't rebel against the Lord. Don't fear the people of land. They're bread dust. their defenses departed from them. The Lord is with us. God is for us. Right? Notice that this is a this is speaking of faith. This is one that can look back and see what God had done in Egypt. Look what God had been doing through the wilderness. This is one that had confidence in the message of their hour. It's a good land. God will bring us to this place. Don't rebel against the Lord. The devil allowed a picture to be painted of the promised land that caused the people to rebel against God. That's what it is at its basic level is they no longer trusted God. That's why the word is the Lord is with us. Don't fear them. But the congregation's response instead of calling out to the Lord, crying prayer and Lord we believe, help thou our unbelief, they want to stone the messengers. They want to stone Joshua and Caleb. Why? Because they would rather have another pseudorist to lead them back to their vomit, to lead them back to Egypt. And the glory of the Lord appeared in the tabernacle of the congregation before all the children of Israel. In verses 36 to 38, this is more particular to God's response or to this what's happening. We'll back up to a couple other verses here in a moment. and the men which Moses sent to search the land who returned. And notice this, I know that I'm just giving you the summary here, but if you'll look into the Bible, if you're reading in your own scripture now, Numbers 14:es 36, 30, 37, and 38, these men made all the congregation to murmur against him by bringing up a slander upon the land. There's Satan's tactic. Lie, slander, spin, put it cast into a different light. And these men made the congregation to murmur against Moses by lying about the message, by lying about the promise, by changing it. Even those men that did bring up the evil report upon the land died by the plague before the Lord. But Joshua, the son of Nun, and Caleb, the son of Jeff, which were of the men that went to search the land, lived still. Unbelief caused them to die. Faith preserved them. The enemy still lived. The promised land still looked just like it was when they went into it, full of giants and great inhabitants. But those that doubted, their faith died. They laid low in the wilderness. From what we have read and what we already know, many who ate the mana, many who saw the quail, many who witnessed the supernatural, heard the promised land promises, witnessed the vindication, never fully possessed the promise or entered into what the messenger had promised them. All participated in this big supernatural move. But what God was doing and confirming and vindicating allowed them to enjoy never fulfilled its purpose by bringing them into their possession. Spies entered in the land, witnessed, tasted, saw, brought back the evidence. Yet through unbelief, they deny the promise and died in their unbelief. Verse 22 to 24 says, "Because all those men which have seen my glory in my miracles, which I did in Egypt, in the wilderness have tempted me now these 10 times and have not hearkened to my voice. Witness after witness, these 10 witnesses lie. If they just would have said, "As for me, spy number one, I don't think I can make it." If they had only spoke for themselves, I don't I don't know that God would have been as grieved. I don't know if their transgression would have been complete because it was true of them. They didn't believe they could possess it themselves. But they lied about Caleb. That's the danger. That's the biggest danger of the makebeliever, the pseudo Christrist, the spy, or the cosmetic Christian is not what they think about themselves, but what they want you to start to think about you. Joshua and Caleb believe that they could do it. Now, it's being suggested not that the other 10 can't, but they can't either. They've tempted me. So, he says in verse 23, "Surely they shall not see the land which I swear unto their fathers. Neither shall any of them that provoke me say this is the provocation. But my servant Caleb, because he had another spirit with him, and followed me fully, him will I bring into the land wherein to where to he went, and his seed shall possess it. I really feel to say this, Brother Caleb. It's no coincidence you sit here right now on your birthday with the things that the devil's been trying to do to him to get him to doubt. But there's another spirit with him. Despite despite all the voices and all the lies, I believe that God given up has given him and us given us this promise that we will make it. We will possess it. He says these have seen the land. they've seen my glories and my miracles. I know that this is maybe opening up something that would be a little bit uh a very large room to explore. There's a lot of things in these scriptures and maybe this teaching that is worth pondering and and and hard sometimes to understand and the paradox of it. Let me just kind of give a surface view of Hebrews 6:es 4,5 and 6. For it is impossible for those who were once enlightened and have tasted of the heavenly gift and were made partakers of the Holy Ghost. There's somewhat of a limiting language here that is intentionally used and have tasted the good word of God and the powers of the world to come if they shall fall away to renew them again unto repentance. We know that there is a partaker of divine promises. There are those that become recipients of God's glory and are sealed in the kingdom of God who to whom it is impossible for them to fall away. But we can gather from this that there is this image of those who if they were to fall away, it's impossible for them to be renewed again unto repentance because they would crucify to themselves the son of God aresh and put him into open shame. Brother Random uses these scriptures to highlight and I believe he uses the terminology borderline Christians. They taste the word. They receive the benefits of it, but they fall short of the promises. He writes in the church age book, "These having failed to obey God and being void of the spirit, though even the signs and wonders were amongst them, void of the spirit, but yet in this external way, an atmospheric way, there's things that re uh revolve around them or in their orbit, but they're void of the spirit." He says among this group will be the ones like Judas who though entirely void of the spirit are religious and will have manifestation in their lives. These things are tough. These are the cosmetic Christians who fail to obey God and never fully enter into full possession of his promise. never enter God's rest, never come into the promised land. There are those who will fall away eternally separated from God and then there's those that will fall short of a promise. They'll still could still be deemed uh they still could receive certain inheritance. I just feel to mention that let's be careful with our absolutes in terms of what the promise of the hour is and those that may perish or die before the change. The borderline Christian and what I'm wanting to say about the cosmetic Christian, this external superficial experience or existence in what we're reading and and we're going to we're going to push on and go further. My goodness, I haven't gone anywhere yet. I thought for a second something's wrong here, but man, we uh we may not finish these cosmetic Christians. They become a stop sign, a stopping point, not and I don't want to say a rest area, but they become a destination in themselves because they settle down and they kind of they put up the signs and the welcome mat and it's kind of gather here. This is where it's at. So they form a false boundary. Use the term false boundary that would be a barrier. So it becomes a barrier to those who desire to enter into the promise. Those who want to possess, those that wanted to go all the way into the promised land, they're going to be met with the makebeliever who says either go back or let's stop short. And they don't do it in the name of unbelief. And they they they'll do it maybe in what might seem to be some humility. Well, we're not strong enough, we're not good enough, or whatever it might be. They in themselves professing to have taken God at his word, choose to stop short of the promise. And as a lot of people begin to gather short of the promise, it can create enough momentum where you could be like, "What's going on over? Oh, oh, look, there a bunch of people in the Exodus. These are guys who left Egypt with us. Oh, yeah. This is this is where it's at." But it's short of the full word of God. Numbers 21:es 4 and 5. This is following this moment at Kadesh where they rejected God's word. Only Joshua and Caleb said that we're able to do it. And God swore that that generation would pass and they would die in the wilderness because they didn't take him at his word. They died because of unbelief. And so now they're still journeying. They journey from Mount by way of the Red Sea to compass the land of Edom. And the soul of the people was much discouraged because of the way the journey, the trials, the monotony. It caused this loss of focus. Even those that begin to raise up and get older. Supernatural is not no longer impacting their belief. And the people spake against God and against Moses. Wherefore have you brought us up out of Egypt to die in the wilderness? Notice how cyclical they are. For there is no bread, neither is there any water. And our soul loaith this light bread. Our soul loathst this mana. This bread from heaven. Light bread. Like they had they come up with caloriefree then. No. Light means worthless. Worthless from heaven. Notice how quickly your attitude when God sends his word, his bread, his mana, the bread of life, the living word of God, the living bread of life. How quickly people aren't interested in the word. They want the miracles of the word. They want the loaves and fishes, the garlics and the leaks, and they call it light, worthless. Lo that they they're sickened by it. They abhore it. Their love for the word had become disdain. They begin to loathe the word they tasted. They needed people to season it a little bit differently and they begin to crave the world they left. It's those that just tasted, experienced it. In Hebrews chapter 6 7 8 and 9, for the earth which drinkketh in the rain that cometh off upon it, and bringeth forth herbs, meat for them by whom it is dressed receiveth blessing from God. Notice this now. God sends his word. It's as rain that falls. It's as dew. God sends it as as bread. This is what God does. And the one that receives it and it produces what God desires, God blesses it. But that which beareth the wrong fruit responds the wrong way. Beareth bri thorns and briers is rejected and is nigh to cursing whose end is to be burned. But beloved, we are persuaded better things of you of things that accompany salvation. Though we thus speak, there are those that just taste the word. Then there are those that drink it in. There are those that taste as it's as as if it's some sort of supplement. Just kind of pepper the convention with a little bit of word. But let's get to the good stuff. Just season it. Just give it enough maybe a taste of the message of the hour, but we want all this other stuff lumped into it. They'll taste of the heavenly word. They'll partake of these things. They'll taste it. But then there's the believer that wants to drink it. The true believer doesn't just taste, they eat it up. John chapter 6 verse 58. They're the believer. They're the ones that fully process it. They're not just tasting. They're not just getting wet. They take it in and it produces what it's supposed to. It's processed. It's effective. John 6:58. That is this is that bread which came down from heaven. Not as your fathers did eat mana and are dead. They ate a light bread. They ate a supernatural mana, but he that eateth of this bread shall live forever. Taste and fall away. Eat and live forever. What's happening in John chapter 6? Taste miracles and die. Eat the word and live. Amen. Revelations 10:9. Now, you can't you can't eat the word and reject miracles. I'm not creating a dichotomy between miracles and the word. I I I'm identifying how the makebeliever gets hung up on the one side, the superficial external side, and misses the real deep work that God is doing by his word. Revelation chapter 10:9. I think this is really, really, really at the heart of what's driving me in this is that we're living in an hour when the full word has been unveiled. That God has opened up to us a seven course meal. That all things are fulfilled. That the seven seals are open to them that can receive it. And that we're living in a rapture time where God's focus and our everything he's doing is to bring us to that place of perfection and a rapturing grace. that when John is told to take the book, he goes unto him and says, "Give me the little book." And the angel says, "Take it and eat it up. Take it and eat it up." Taste. If you just taste it, you can fall away. But if you eat it, you live forever. Take it and eat it up. Brother Venom writes in chapter four of the church age book, "They are like the children of Israel who came up out of Egypt and stopped short of the promised land." I'm talking about that cosmetic Christian, that uh that make believer, the borderline Christian. Now, those children of Israel left Egypt about 2 million strong. They all journeyed together, all saw the same miracles of God, all parttook of the same mana and water from the smitten rock. All followed the same cloud by day and the pillar of fire by night, but only two reached the promised land. Only two were true or real believers. That is correct because the word tells us that the rest died because of unbelief. And because of unbelief they could not enter in. Then since that is so and only two entered then the rest were not true believers. What made the difference? Two stayed with the word. When the hearts of the 10 spies failed at Kadis Barnea, Joshua and Caleb did not stagger for they believed the word and said, "We are more than able to take the land." They knew they could could because God had said, "I have given you the land." After all those Israelites saw the power and goodness and deliverance of God, they did not enter into rest, which is a type of the Holy Ghost. They could not enter the promise of their hour. They could not go all the way through. What Satan will use to keep you from going all the way into the promises of God into fully taking God to his word, all he needs is unbelief. Their faith followed the word. Now, I want to use Numbers chapter 32 as my final section here because now after 40some years from the time that they rejected God's word and his promise, we're not back at Kadesh Barnea. We're now in Numbers 32. We're getting close to the Exodus. Sorry, the the entrance. We're getting close to crossing over and to possess the land and come in. They're now ready to come into this last stage to enter into the promised land. And it says in verse one, we'll read completely to verse 15 ultimately. I think we can get there today. Now the children of Reuben and the children of Gad had a very great multitude of cattle. It's important for us to recognize that what they possessed in their earthly living was very important to them. And when they saw the land of Jazer and the land of Gilead, that behold, the place was a place for cattle, the children of Gad, and the children of Reuben came and spake unto Moses, and to Eleazar the priest, and under the princes of the congregation, saying, Adaroth, and Dibbon, and Jazer, and Nimra, and Heshbon, and Eleah, and Shabban, and Nebo, and Bon, even the country which the Lord smoked before the congregation of Israel, is a land for cattle, and thy servants have cattle. Wherefore they said, if we found grace in thy sight, I don't if you're catching I don't know if you're picking this up, but now they just come right out and say it. Let this land be given unto thy servants for possession and don't lead us into the promised land and bring us not over Jordan. Reuben and Gad and ultimately a halftribe of Manasseh. But here, Reuben and Gad ask to settle, if I could say, on the wrong side of the promise. On the wrong side of the Jordan, on the east of the Jordan River, outside of the boundary, outside of the promised land. after 400 years from the promise, after 40 years of journeying brought them to the very point at which God's word is going to be fully fulfilled on the very border of the promised land. They say, "No, we don't want it." Why? Uh because you got a lot of cattle and this land is good for cattle. I read one time and I've just saved this statement. I think it it may have been a Jewish historian or even a rabbi that any Israelite tribe should consider settling outside the land promised to Abraham showed a disturbing indifference to the divine word. The word on which Israel existence entirely depended. Could you imagine being indifferent towards the message of the hour and we call ourselves message believers? Our entire existence is resting upon a word, a message. We call ourselves Christians and then we deny the Christ who is the word. The fact that any believer, any Israelite tribe would consider living outside of what God had promised them through his word showed a very disturbing indifference to the very word that gave rise to their existence. The very word that brought them to a place. So right before they enter, they're like, "Oh my goodness, we got a lot of cattle. This would be great for cattle. They came up to the borderline and decided to become borderline Christians. To be borderline, it's of questionable or minimal quality. It's the boundary between two states. And here I'm talking about a state of belief and a state of faith. I mean, they're right there, right? we if we found grace and God's brought us this far and they'll use if we continue to read here there's even a real convincing argument that they make and they seem to be really really sincere but something in their actions is very disturbing and it's that line between faith and unbelief they thought more of their land and their cattle and what they could do to sustain themselves and taking God and trusting him and the promised word. They're caught between fully believing and fully denying, kind of stuck in the middle. They're not asking to go back to Egypt, but they're certainly not asking to have their possession in the promised land. In James 1:8 says, "A double-minded man is unstable in all his ways." Why? There's divided loyalty. You can maintain a Christian facade, but inwardly prefer wilderness. uh wilderness worldliness, too. It's a cosmetic Christian. The unc the the double-minded man here who's unstable is the unconverted soul, but a convinced mind. Now, I know that we can become unstable when with a converted soul we have the doubting mind. And that's a that's a different battle and that's one you're overcoming. But here is an existence of one who maintains a message, confession or a Christian facade, but inwardly they do not prefer the full word of God. They're cosmetic Christians. Brother Brandham in the sermon proving his word said JRU was a priest, a borderline believer. May say Gyrus Jru borderline believer. He wanted to believe Jesus, but he hated to turn loose his church. There's your borderline believer. He wants to believe, but he's afraid to turn loose. Church, religion, certain things, certain possessions, certain opportunities. That double-minded, that intellectual, emotional faith of a convinced mind, but a soul that isn't satisfied with the word alone. Is this tight? My band-aid coming off? What's happening? So quiet. The borderline believer, the cosmetic, as I call it, cosmetic Christian. Superficial. Only worried about it's Isn't it in the image of Lot? Wow. Moses, these are well-watered plains. This would do really good for the cattle industry and we could export from here. We could supply all the beef you need and after all it'll give you more land to divide among everybody else. Very economical argument that they make. And Moses said to the children of Gad and the children of Reuben, Moses doesn't respond favorably to this. Shall your brethren go to war and shall you say that here? Because the inference was they're going to stop and they're not going to go and help them possess the land. And wherefore discourage ye the heart of the children of Israel from going over into the land which the Lord hath given them? Thus did your fathers when I sent them from Kadis Barnea to see the land. Now remember what we read about earlier went to great lengths to talk about the spies that went out. For when they went up unto the valley of Escoll and saw the land, they discouraged the heart of the children of Israel that they should not go into the land which the Lord had given them. And the Lord's anger was kindled the same time. And he swears, saying, "Surely none of the men that came up out of Egypt from 20 years old upward shall see the land which I swear unto Abraham, unto Isaac, and unto Jacob, because they have not wholly followed me." Total obedience, save Caleb, the Joshua, the son of Jeffa, the Ken Kenzite, and Joshua, the son of Nun. For they have wholly followed the Lord. How do they wholly follow the Lord? By taking him at his word. And the Lord's anger was kindled against Israel, and he made them wonder in the wilderness 40 years. until all the generation that had done evil in the sight of the Lord was consumed. 40 years later, the same spirit rises up. And behold, ye are risen up in your father'sstead, an increase of sinful men. Woo! You are the resurrection of an evil spirit. You have now replaced those make believers of day go days gone by. You have now risen up in the same image of those that wanted to return back to Pentecost. You've risen up in the same image of those that wanted to stay in their organizations. You've risen up in the same spirit of those that refuse to go further than the word of God. Amen. You've risen up in your father'sstead an increase of sinful men to augment yet the fierce anger of the Lord towards Israel. For if you turn away from after him, he will yet again leave them in the wilderness and you shall destroy all this people. Moses very quickly identifies the danger of the makebeliever, the borderline Christian, the cosmetic Christian, the borderline believer. This indifferent or maybe casual attitude towards God's promise. Well, we see these other factors. If it's indifference, if it's outright rejection, complacency, whatever it was, Moses is concerned that this lukewarmness, this borderline believer would discourage the rest of Israel. Revelations 3:es 15 and 16. I know thy works that thou art neither cold nor hot. I would that thou w this is the day we're living in. Borderline lukewarm pale horse mixture. So then because thou art lukewarm and neither cold or hot nor hot, I will spew thee out of my mouth. Lukewarm is tepid, mildly mildly warm. We could say it's one that lacks conviction or one that lacks enthusiasm. It's some little zeal or just uh uh indifferent. But to be lukewarm is the condition of that soul, that mind, that the individual that is fluctuating between apathy and fervent love. I think that's I think it's more important for us to realize what this word is tending to is not so much this state where one is just we've all known people before like they all look the same whether it's the greatest day of their life or the worst day of their life. They all look the same. Just kind of even kill. How you doing? Best day ever. Right. Next day, how you doing? Worst day ever. They just That's just the way they can be. But here, the lukewarm is vacasillating. Oh, yeah. Right. And average it out. What are they? Lukewarm. It's in the image of the one that birthed the hybrid, the one that was the first prototype, the the alpha of that may be taken as a compliment in certain circles, the beta of the hybrids, Cain. He worships. Next moment he's mad. The next moment he's uh hearing the word. The next moment he's murdering. Couldn't humble himself to the word of God. But he could worship. Hebrewsap 11:4. By faith Abel Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice than Cain, by which he obtained witness that he was righteous. By what? Faith? By revelation. Not by miracles, vindication, signs and wonders. That's God's part. That's what God does. What Abel did is he offered by revelation a more excellent sacrifice than Cain. So we could read it that Cain offered an excellent worship, an excellent sacrifice. But revelation is what it took to be more excellent. God testifying of his gifts, and by it he being dead yet speaketh. Cain built an altar. that that example of that hybrid believer built an altar and worship but could leave the meeting and murder his brother. Think about it. Can worship, can speak in tongue, could dance and shout, can work all kinds of signs and wonders and whether but brother talk about a temper that could like a buzzsaw a tongue that could murder, slander, hatchet jobs on other people. The examples as we used last time, and I know I'm trying to pack a lot here to finish this, but Cain, Judas, the makebeliever, they demonstrate just how closely the gates of hell come to the believer. Just how closely the gates of hell come. Where was this this gate of hell in the Exodus? Right there at the borderline. Right there at the Jordan River. And Moses is quick to say, "This is a this is a test. If you guys do this, you could discourage and it'll die again another generation dying in the wilderness." But by faith, which is what? A revelation of Jesus Christ. That's the difference between the believer and the unbeliever. Abel by faith, brother Ram says, "By revelation, Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice because it was revealed to him that it wasn't fruits of the field, it was blood." Then he makes this statement. Think of this. That's why some people can believe it and some can't believe it. And some try to make believe it. That's why some believe it, some are not able to believe it, and some try to make believe it. In Acts chap 20 27-32, you're a believer. All that you can do is believe. And believe that God will do what he promised he would do. If seeing signs and wonders and miracles and gifts operating and manifesting in your life for your church is important, then believe that God can do it. But let faith be at the heart of it. So that whenever God does it, you you loop back into believing God's word, not into worshiping and making an idol out of the signs, wonders, and miracles. There's a cosmetic Christianity that we can begin to engage and there's a culture that we can create that is external. And as we we can live in that kind of atmosphere and it can create this feedback loop where we constantly feel like we're being reinforced. It's just an echo chamber that just keeps telling us we're good, we're good, we're good. But what we need is the word of God that reminds us of what the full promise is and to take all the momentum that God creates through moving in meetings. We have family right now that's at a at a youth meeting. I'm trusting that God is moving in a very supernatural powerful way, confirming his presence amongst them with signs and wonders and miracles. And may there be gifts and shouting and dancing, but also may there be not just deliverance from evil, but the birth of the Holy Ghost inside of the soul of those young people that they can have faith that they can always resolve back to faith. It's a shame when we hear grown up adults in nearly 40 years old and I can't wait till I get back to youth camp so I can get back on track with my experience in Acts 20 27-32. Hope that this can be a a a conclusion for us. For I have not shunned to declare unto you all the counsel of God. This is Paul. The same gospel brother Brandham preached. Take heed therefore unto yourselves and to all the flock over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers to feed the church of God which he had purchased with his own blood. So much beauty in that. For I know this that after my departing shall grievous wolves. My dad used to always say previous wolves. So they're back. After my departing, shall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock. Among you, wolves in sheep's clothing, or maybe better put, wolves in shepherd's clothing, brother, what big nose you have. and they are among you and they don't they don't spare the flock. They abuse it for their own means and their own benefit. For I know this that thou my departing. Shall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock. Also of your own selves, please draw from what we taught on this last week. Shall men arise from yourselves, from your own belief, from your own uh circle of fellowship, your own self? Shall men arise speaking perverse things to draw away disciples after them, captains to lead them back to Egypt, to bondage, to Leodysia, to settle down on the wrong side of the message, to take up shop on the wrong side of Jordan. Therefore, watch and remember that by the space of three years, I have not ceased to warn everyone night and day with tears. This has been a burden to me. I've warned you. I've told you. I've told you. And now, brethren, I commend you to God and to the word of his grace, which is able to build you up. What is the word of his grace and to give you an inheritance among all them which are sanctified. Notice that at the very end, I I I want to say this in maybe just a dramatic way. The tribe of Reuben and Gad began to search the message to find an excuse to stay on the wrong side of Jordan because they asked Moses to give it to him. They asked Moses to give it to him. As if Moses had that right. Moses wasn't a king. He wasn't He wasn't the owner of that. So, they were looking for the blessing of the messenger to in order to continue to function short of the promise. Come on. I want you to really think about this. They wanted to use the word of Moses as a reason to say they were okay to not follow the word only to not go all the way into the promise. But it's God that Paul says it's God and his word of grace that's able to build you up to positionally place you. And he's the one that gives you the inheritance among them which are sanctified. They wanted to settle outside the promise. I'll go into this, Lord willing, in greater detail in a future service. They wanted to settle outside of the promise, but God had given them the promised land. And even because of their example, there's a raging debate theologically as to whether or not the land that they ultimately possessed is actually part of the promised land. Notice how it causes people to stumble. Brothers, if you could come to your instruments now, brother Benham says in the church age book, this is the chapter 3 of the Ephesians age. He says, "One of these days there's going to come a prophet to the Elio to see in church age, and you will know if he's the real one sent from God or not." Yes, you will. For if he is of God, he will be in that word. I love it. He's not saying you'll find his name. He's saying he will be in it. What about you? Right? Are you here for it? Are you in it? He will be in that word exactly as God gave it to Paul. He won't deviate from that word for a moment. Not by one iota. There's our example. Be in the word in that last age. this contrast. Now, when there will be many false prophets appearing, watch and see how they keep telling you that if you don't believe them in what they say, you will be lost. Right? It's not like this. creating that cultish mentality, drawing away disciples, demanding that you as the bride of Christ kneel and kiss the ring. They say, "You're lost. You're outside of the promise. Your church is dead." But when that last day prophet comes on the scene, if he trul is truly that prophet, he will be crying, "Get back to the word or you are lost." Amen. He won't build on a private interpret revelation or interpretation, but on the word. That's what you're built on. That's what faith is built on. That's what Satan wants you to do. We have this wonderful, beautiful promised land of the revelation of Jesus Christ in this last day. We have the word of God. Therein is your foundation and all the materials you need to be positionally placed. And the devil just uses somebody who falls short of the promise. And here they are on the other side of the seals, on the other side of the word of God, on the other side of the revealing of the son of man, trying to drag you back to Pentecostalism, trying to drag you back to the world, drag you back to bondage, drag you back to men's ideas and interpretations, drag you back. And they're kind of like saying, "No, this is this is this is part of the message. This is where it's at. This is the bride's revival right here where they see how green it is. See all the cattle? See how much God is blessing us. See See how wonderful this [Music] is. We got to go all the way into the word. Say, take God at his word. Amen. I I I I wouldn't be so concerned with the pretense of being superficially supernatural. I wouldn't be too concerned about on the outside and the exterior being a cosmetic Christian. I think I heard a little chuckle or a giggle when I put my title slide up there because I used uh the the symbol the logo of a very popular brother. Go ahead and put it up there real quick. A a a global brand of cosmetics and I even used as a background a a makeup uh sisters. I know you don't know what it is. I how would I expect to know what it is? Just forgetting the name of blush or compact or something. That's that's a that's the makeup and they want to put on the cosplay of a Christian. I guess that could have been another CC, a cosplay Christian. I am not I am not desirous to impress the world or other message believers with how excited I could be about the message or how technically correct I can be about the teaching of the message. I want to please God in my embracing the message, in my appetite for his word, knowing that the life that will flow from that will impress somebody else who's thirsty. That in doing so, I will be that right image of a 21st century Christ. That Jesus didn't try to appear as a Messiah that they were expecting. A cosmetic messiah in that day would have looked very, very different. A pseudo Christrist in that day would have been very very different. But he was that Messiah. And I know there's a lot of pseudo Christ trying to make a lot of cosmetic Christians. But we have got to bear down on the word of God. Hold fast to the word of God and believe that God is able to do supernatural things in our midst. But I wanted to be by the word and the word of promise because that word of grace is what is what is able to build me up to a change. Amen. We saw the example that God in brother Brandon's ministry brought us back to the word. Signs and wonders following. Absolutely. God wanting us to take him at his word. But if we can't take him at his word, he sends back the evidence shows us signs and wonders and miracles. But oh, let's not make the mistake. I've been studying for the meetings in uh Missouri and what's in my heart to to minister on is just right in this. I don't know if channels are getting crossed but 40 years later now we can look at it 60ome years later. Let's not make the mistake. Let's not make the mistake on the border of a change on the border of changing dimensions. Settle for Leodysia. [Music] The very moment when God is expecting the bride to receive that full revelation of the rapture, we start thinking, "Well, I don't know. I'm not so sure. And could it have gone this long and maybe this hasn't worked and we've tried the word and we've tried this and we've tried that. Maybe we need to figure something else out. Maybe it's going to take this and it's going to take that. Maybe we've been wrong about what Brother Brandham said the bride's revival was. Maybe we can search in the message and find some tacit approval from the message to tell us we're okay to stop short. God, help us. Let's stand together. Let's pray. I thank you for your patience and my length today. I don't normally preach over an hour, but when I do, it's a holiday. It's a blessing. Let's pray. [Music] Lord Jesus, we're so [Music] thankful. Thankful for your word. Thank you for a messenger that stayed true to it. Lord, there's times when in when I'm ministering, I recognize just being open and bare partly before the people. But with you, Lord, you do with my heart to use scripture to bring things out of the Bible. It's a lot of repetition maybe in the themes that I use from the scripture, but Lord, it's this message of the hour and the many, many quotes that we could read on makeelievers and borderline believers and the token and so many things that we could share. Those things have inspired us. It's what's informed this thought on impersonations. [Music] And Lord, your prophet said in broken sistns that there's uprisings and things that come and it's a duty of a pastor to block that thing so far from the people's minds. And Lord, I know as I see in the trail of the serpent throughout history in the Bible and in the church ages and then through the message of the hour, Brother Brandham so clearly identified that trail of the serpent. I know at this moment he's trying to get the bride to stop short to question to doubt to change to accept a [Music] pseudo and Lord it can get really really difficult to take you at your word is a specialist song it's not hard to believe when things are going well not hard to believe when you live in well-watered plains and a lot of grass with a lot of cattle, a lot of milk, a lot of beef, a lot of things to put your finger on and say, "Yep, we'll make it." But when you're trusting to the invisible fingerprints of God, and somehow by faith, you believe that he'll take care of you if you take him at his word. that you don't have the contingency or the backup plan of the land of Gilead, but you'll step into that icy Jordan and you'll cross over and you'll do battle at Jericho and AI. You'll do battle against all the inhabitants of the land because you will go before us and drive them out. We believe you, Lord. We trust you and we'll take you at your word. And Lord, in what such moment I am afraid, I'll trust in you. When I begin to reach back and I want to make a captain, to go back to a comfort zone or go back to some belief or lifestyle, go back to the world or go back to religion, I want to take you at your word and say, "Lord, I have to believe you no matter what my mistakes are, whatever my failures are, my repeated mistakes." Lord, I will not make excuse for sin. I will not make excuse for relapse. I will not make excuse for wondering thoughts. I will not make excuse for doubt and jealousy and lies and hypocrisy and gossip and lust. I will not make excuses for any of it. Amen. And I will not blame your word. I will not blame the truth. I will not blame the Bible. I will not blame uh your lack of promises. Lord, I will take you at your word. And I will believe now that I am free. I will believe now that I'm healed. I'll believe now that I am delivered. Lord, I make mistakes. I fall. I don't do the things that I know I should do. Lord, I do the things I hate to do. But Lord, your word is true and I love you. And I believe your word is enough to deliver me, to heal me, to make me whole. And I recognize there's a nasty, filthy enemy using all sorts of dirty tactics and tricks to plague my mind. And I say, Lord, I believe you right now. I believe you. I take you at your word. I'm free. I'm delivered. I'm healed. I'm well. I'll not go back to that again. If they drag me, if I fall, I'll get up again and say, "No, I'm free. I'm going back to my father. I'm going back across the Jordan. I'm going back to meet my enemy with the word of God." And Lord, may we never stop fighting. May we fight for every inch of ground. Lord, I believe in you. And I believe that our young men can live free from lust. I believe that our young ladies can live free from lust. Lord, I believe that we can live free from the temptations and passions of this world. I can live free from discouragement. I can live free from pride. I can live free from condemnation and doubt and comparison. I'm going to come back to you in your word, Lord Jesus. Lord, I got to preach it plain. We got to call it out for what it is. The gates of hell have camped right here. The final step into perfection. We draw our swords with you. We are with you. We stand with the Lord of hosts who is amongst us. Amen. And we'll do battle for loved ones. We'll do battle against sin and sickness. We'll lay hands on the sick as it's required. We will cast out devils in your name. Lord, we'll shout. We'll praise. We'll worship as you lead us to. But we will stand silently on the rock of ages. Stand firm upon your promise and upon the word. and we will not be intimidated into settling on the wrong side of this message. Bless us Lord I pray as we go forward in your word. Heal us today Lord. Place us Father in your promises. In the name of Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Thank you Jesus. God is so good to us.
