################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-02 - Mixed Media - Mixed Media.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-11-02
Title:   Mixed Media
Speaker: Mixed Media
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gW0iw38oq-o
========================================

Description:
Mixed Media
Sunday Service: November 2, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
1st Samuel chapter 28 14-19 and it reads and he said unto her and this is uh now Saul speaking to this medium what form is he of and she said an old man cometh up and he is covered with the mantle and Saul perceived that it was Samuel and he stooped with his face to the ground and bowed himself and Samuel said to Saul why hast thou disqued me to bring me up and Saul answered I'm sword distressed. For the Philistines make war against me, and God has departed from me, and answerth me no more, neither by prophets, nor by dreams. Therefore, I've called thee, that thou mayest make known unto me what I shall do. Then said Samuel, Wherefore then dust thou ask me, seeing the Lord has departed from thee, and has become thine enemy? And the Lord hath done to him, as he spake by me. For the Lord hath rent the kingdom out of thine hand, and given it to thy neighbor, even to David, because thou obeyest not the voice of the Lord, nor executed his fierce wrath upon Amalecch. Therefore hath the Lord done this thing unto thee this day. Moreover, the Lord will also deliver Israel with thee into the hand of the Philistines. And tomorrow shalt thou and thy sons be with me, and the Lord also shall deliver the host of Israel into the hand of the Philistines." Then Saul fell straightway all along on the earth and was so afraid because of the words of Samuel and there was no strength in him for he had eaten no bread all the day nor all the night. Amen. You can be seated. I I'm going to give a title today of mixed media. And this is tying into what we ministered in on Wednesday. Mi mixed media. It's uh probably a familiar term to a number of you. I'm going to use it maybe in a little bit different context but draw from things that might be familiar to us in terms of the utilization of different things to create something. But Wednesday we spoke on modern mediums and the definition we gave to that was these forms of expression uh that shape our thoughts and influence our minds. There's an effect of these mixed mediums. Uh mediums uh could also be media. So this mo these modern mediums a medium is an agency or means of doing something. So they're channels. We have radio, TV, uh print, you know, the press, the internet, what we might call mass media. And even in art, a media is that physical or a medium as a physical material that would be used to create an artwork. It could even be a type of art itself. And those are some of the things that we were looking at just kind of using those things primarily just to understand these channels through which something can the utilization of something to convey. You use a a medium of paint to convey a visual image. You use the medium of print to convey a story. And the modern mediums was looking at kind of the modern tools that we use and the technology and how that it's been uh evolved to this point. how it combines these elements of community where you have human interaction and relationships and communication. And what these modern mediums have done is they've combined those interactions and communication on an unprecedented scale. uh there's always been a there's always been community and there's always been communication. But now uh through the advent of certain technologies and the combining of those things, it's just almost exponential and the way these things can be scaled to even now with uh the the increase in artificial intelligence, you can have an unlimited number of friends, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Uh because you can just have uh artificial fake friends. And you might think, well, that's all I've ever had, even before social media. Uh, but now you can have as many as you want. And you can, and so there's just such a different environment that we're living in. And it was part of uh my inspiration earlier this year when we kind of preached on that final uh front line that we are now fighting with things that uh Satan's using different tools and different things that we're going to have to wrestle with than we've never wrestled with before. Because these modern mediums are different from the traditional media because there's continuous unending creation and also just endless engagement where there's always something to click or to open or something to respond to. Uh you can't watch a a YouTube video anymore without mash that subscribe button, click turn on notifications, and be sure to follow. You can't do anything anymore without having there has to be a follow-up. And then there's another followup and you you buy a product and you're going to get asked for reviews for the next six years. Um you look at something online and and and even if you make the purchase, the cookies are going to remind you of that horrible purchase for decades. And so there's just always these ways that things are just continuously engaging and bringing things up. And we specifically zeroed in on social media. and social media are mediums of expression and relationship networks. So, it's a way to express ourselves or others are expressing themselves and if we're on any kind of social media platform and I think that can extend now to WhatsApp and even the way messaging works these days to where that can create community that has communication uh that there's a way that things are being expressed and even in our I would even say and I expect to get a really hearty amen. Family chat groups are the most toxic form of social media. And there's a way that things are said that are passive aggressive. And what does it do? It kind of spoils your spirit and calling. Why didn't they just call me and tell me that? Why did they say there? What's behind that? Why did they say this? And that's just the way social media works now on a large scale where there's things are being expressed and it's in the context of some sort of relationship network where now you feel that you're a part of something and uh this has gotten there's it's existed in the past but just gotten worse and worse and worse. So there's things that we're battling now I on a larger scale uh that are similar to things in the past but it's just worse than it's ever been. And it's that community and communication that becomes kind of that crux, that combination. Read from a book called The Anxious Generation on Wednesday night. I read this statement to you. It said, "This kind of connectivity offers few of the benefits of talking directly with friends." Uh that is applicable to family chat groups. It's applicable to a lot of different other chat groups and ways that we could communiate communicate. People will say things in text and email that they would never say to your face. And I didn't look at anyone in particular when I said that. But there's a way that people can interact in those channels where it's not really who they are. Uh, I saw um somebody sent me something the other day and it was a conversation where it was it was a wedding announcement and it was a wedding announcement of a couple and a lady was standing uh or it was a marriage and she's standing in her wedding dress and her husband uh was in a wheelchair and his name was like Jonathan Walker and somebody's response was do you feel like you were catfished by the name? I thought that was kind of funny. But uh there's ways that we're catfished now where people can present themselves in a particular persona and it's not who they are. You can fall in love with that or you can be drawn into that. There's ways that they work on your emotions. It says this kind of connectivity. People are just now getting the joke. A very few the few benefits of talking directly with friends. In fact, for many young people, it is poisonous. &gt;&gt; And it is poisonous. It's it is increased. It is the reason why we have increased anxiety. It's the reason why there's increased mental health issues. And I do think it's interesting as they've taken certain mental health disorders off the books, others have exponentially increased. And so we have we have increased uh depression, but we have decreased uh gender dysmorphia. And and where's the where's the increase happening? you said this wasn't a mental disorder, but now you're having increases in other areas because now they're just having to diagnose it as something else. And social media pushes a lot of these narratives and praises certain things. And now people can start to battle and wrestle with things and have to accept or consider things they otherwise wouldn't normally accept. And so we exist in a a vastly different social and technological landscape than any other time. And though parents no matter what age you are as you begin to have children, brother Renham said that our children have it 10 times harder than we did. And so that it's because of these advancements in technology and the pervasiveness of doubt and the way things are interconnected. And one thing and this I know the the tone or maybe the the pace of this is a little bit different this morning and um I don't know why my voice sounds like I've been screaming um but uh I haven't necessarily been screaming but it is impossible to immodderately or inappropriately use social media without being worse off spiritually. And I know I kind of qualified that in a way where maybe everyone would just say, "Yeah, but it's impossible to misuse social media and not be worse off spiritually." &gt;&gt; It's absolutely impossible to be do use social media to an excess or let me just say any modern medium to excess and not be worse off spiritually. I was thinking of the teaching that and and I believe this as brother Bam said, you come to church, he said you'll either leave worse off or better off. And I feel like we we could probably look at anything we do in life in a similar way that there's a way that if we can approach it or utilize something to where we are worse off or we can be better off. So it's impossible to use these things and not be worse off spiritually. So I want to continue on this thought process with this title mixed media. And mixed media is a combination of more than one medium. And so that would be what mixed media is. And so if you look at it in the terms of art, there's some sort of combination of different materials. Uh but then even uh uh sources or surfaces and one of the key characteristics and if you're in mixed media art, there's flexibility. You can use whatever you want. You say, well, that's not just a watercolor. It's also my tears or my blood or you know, whatever it is that goes into it. And so in art, when you're working using more than one medium, you have different materials. You can mix paint. You could have a watercolor and you could have acrylic. There's different things you can use. But I want you to think of it this way. This is something I learned lately that in using mixed media, it includes what you do it on. And they call that support. Brother Reggie, you being an artist, I know you probably knew this well before I did, but what you put your medium on and your materials on is called the support for it. So, it's actually a support for what you're presenting and what you're creating like oil on canvas or watercolor on paper and even different types of paper. And so, it's not just what's being made, but what's supporting it. And that kind of broadens our thought a little bit. And I hope that using something that's reachable for all of us, it helps us to see this because I am addressing what's in my heart as a pastor is addressing the challenges we face while utilizing these blended technologies, these things that combine all these different uh things, these blended media, the mixed media, multi- these multififorms of things as we interact with them and use them as Christians and as we try to overcome because these things can be inherently useful uh even critically necessary. I remember in Texas, I had a a barber who cut my limited hair and I thought maybe since I was losing so much hair that I'd get a discount and he said, "No, the fee stays the chain stays the same because the rest is for the hunting license." And and so he was telling me a story of how that his uh benefits as a veteran he could no longer access because he didn't have a cell phone. and you had to have a cell phone that could connect, you know, send text messages or do something online. And he didn't have any of that. He lo he was losing his veteran benefits. And so there's some things now that are critically necessary. We have to have it or otherwise you're not going to uh be able to do school or you're not going to be able to do your work. And so there's a lot of things that are a source of good and critically necessary. But the idea behind this thought of mixed media is it's mixed. It's not entirely good. It's mixed with evil. It can be misused. there's carnality to it. There's a lot of things that we use and say, man, this is a great tool. Then you find out, well, it was created for this purpose. And you're kind of like, I don't know that that changes the nature of that tool. That changes the nature of that website or or that platform. And what has been the thesis of the whole ser [snorts] this year using art is uh what is Christ today? What does he look like today? I was challenging myself in terms of the image of Christ and uh I I could dress up as the Hoffman's head of Christ and I would just look like a caricature of somebody 2,000 years ago. I could try to look like Martin Luther and once again I would just look like cosplay for medieval times. So there's a lot of ways to say how what does Christ look like today? And not so much at what would Jesus do, like what kind of car would he drive and where would he like to eat, but if Christ is in flesh today, he is going to look very differently than maybe what we have in our minds and it's going to be varied and it's going to have different activities and different expressions. But I want to know what that commonality is going to be in this expression of Christ. What does he look like and what does he uh uh what he what does he do in the believer? And then also what the devil is using to distort that reality or prevent that reality from manifesting. That's what's been at the heart. So there's a lot of things I think I'll mention today that has been mentioned already this year, but we're just revisiting this over and over again. Christ wants to reveal himself in you. What does that look like? How does that happen? But then how is the devil trying to stop that? How is it the devil is attacking this expression? Now, I've already I've already lost half a half half an hour, it feels like, in in the intro, so please stay with me uh as we continue on this. In 1st Samuel chapter 28, I think we can go quickly through this today and make an impactful point. We're the phrase we use is the witch of indoor and the scripture, she has familiar spirits. Obviously, she's one that can communicate between the living and the dead. I want to put ourselves in that place of you are the living. You are quickened to new life. And so we as Christians, we're the living, but then there's this other realm of sin and death and debauchery. And so how is it that we are going to have uh be confronted by death or darkness? There has to be a channel. There has to be a medium through which that can pass. And so the witch of indoor, we use the phrase witch. She was a medium or that channel of communication between the living and the dead. And this story is what kind of cemented this idea of the mixing because it's such an interesting mix of things. Says in verse six, "When Samuel inquired of the Lord, excuse me, when Saul inquired of the Lord, the Lord answered him not neither by dreams nor by urum nor by prophets. Then said Saul unto his servant, seek me a woman with that hath a familiar spirit that I may go to her and inquire of her." I I want to mention this again. The the mental health toll is worse for women than it is for men when it comes to social media. There's other modern mediums that have impacted young men and and things of uh video games and pornography has certainly destroyed the spirits and minds of men. But they find that the impact of social media as a medium has been grossly worse for girls than it has been for boys. And it's because there's more of a susceptibility in those channels. And so he says, "Go to a woman that hath a familiar spirit." And his servant said, "Behold, there's a woman that hath a familiar spirit at indor." This is a medium. This medium scripturally was despised by God. Israel was commanded to avoid and put away uh these practices. We looked at several of those scriptures on Wednesday night. So Saul was knowingly utilizing something that God had said, "Don't do it." He wants to hear from God. He's desperate, but he says, "Well, the I want to hear from God." So he's utilizing something that's forbidden, something that's unclean. And here comes the surprising part. He gets results. There's a surprising result. And actually, these results are very, very strange. If you read it as a as a Christian and you're reading your Bible, it's it to me it it's very very strange. And even you'll find that as theologians have wrestled with it, it's very controversial because people try to figure out really what just happened because God allows Samuel to appear as we read it in our text in verses 14 to 19. God allows Samuel to show up. And I I've read in different places and uh writers and pe people studying the scripture and theologians and even traditionally in the Hebrew uh tradition, they're trying to figure out why was this this medium all of a sudden shocked and surprised when she saw u Samuel. And it sounds as if she it plays out towards like, "Oh no, I just now realized if this is Samuel and somehow through this she realizes this is a prophet and and this is Saul and she recognizes she's been caught." But some surmise that maybe she had always been doing this as a trick and she always pretended and now it finally worked and it scared her to death. And so there could be something to that uh that she was practicing something and doing something that is fraudulent, that is deceitful, that hh is is hit or miss. And now God but yet God allowed Samuel to come up through at this moment that this medium is trying to contact the dead. &gt;&gt; I want to make this point though. This medium had no power over that prophet. Right? &gt;&gt; That medium had no actual power, actual control over drawing Samuel forth. But God permitted Samuel to come forth and he permitted it so that he could speak to Saul and rebuke him and reaffirm judgment reaffirm what he had already said. So when we look at this and we realize that Saul having this distance between him and God and a lack of humility or whatever it might have been and him not uh using uh um staying persistent in these channels or these channels being cut off and instead of him just accepting his fate and accepting judgment, he tries to use something God has condemned, he's being very hypocritical about it and God [snorts] allows Samuel to show up and speak to Saul. But God's use of this medium does not sanctify the medium &gt;&gt; that that should not have created this habit where now all of a sudden Saul's kind of like I'll see you tomorrow, &gt;&gt; right? This would shouldn't have been something where it justifies it. Well, now God spoke through this God Samuel this worked and brought forth Samuel and he spoke truth. Uh therefore I can excuse it. and our modern tools and even our modern recreations. They can be useful. They can be good. They can be very enjoyable. But we must be keenly aware of their capacity to poison. We must be aware and and I hope it's not too much of a leap to look at something that was expressly forbidden and that Saul should not have used at all and then now apply it to things that may not be expressly forbidden but uh critically necessary. But the same dynamic is at play where there's a lot of evil mixed into it. There's a lot of bad we can do. But when good comes from it, we kind of feel like, oh, then it's then it's all good. They still have a capacity to spoil. Still has a great capacity to disturb our spirits. And I think this extends to sports. I think there's a way that we can allow ourselves somewhat innocently to engage in in in sports a and have a team and cheer for it. But notice what it does to your mood. Notice how it can cling to you and stick to you. Notice how it maybe can keep you out of church or even alienate yourself in fellowship and different things. There's a way that it disturbs us and it shouldn't be that way. That's when we realize we say, "Well, there's nothing wrong with with men with really, really tight pants running around and hitting each other." You know, there's nothing wrong with that. There's nothing wrong with guys in tank tops and shorts sweating all over the place and running around and bumping off of one another. There's a way that you look at it and say, "There's nothing wrong with that." And and but that look at what it can do to your spirit &gt;&gt; and look at how it's not just one game a week. I don't know if the streak is over, but I'd read somewhere where beginning sometime last month, there was like 49 straight days of football every night of the week. And and you don't need to have um a gigantic satellite bowl out in your backyard to get all those games. They're accessible right on your cell phone. &gt;&gt; And so it's uh there's ways that they disturb us. And in worse, I would say that it inhibits our growth as Christians. If you're wanting to take an honest look at your life, say, 'I want to get closer to God. I want to be closer to the Lord. I want to be a better husband. I I want to be a better employee employee. I I want to do things better, you have to start looking at your life of well, what are the things keeping me from getting better? &gt;&gt; And it could be connected with number one, what you're feeding on. And then also, what's impeding growth that you should be getting from what you're feeding on? &gt;&gt; It's the concept of eating of going to McDonald's and getting a um what a size in your meal. So that you get everything is large and you get the large you get the large burger, you get extra cheese, you get the large fry and you get the diet coke. And people say, "Well, why would you even drink a diet coke when you're eating all that?" I said, "Hey, I wanted to balance out somewhere, right?" You like, you go you go for a walk and then you go you eat um 2,000 calories. And people say, "Well, you know, that's not going to help." He's like, "Why do you think I went on a walk? I want to create a deficit so that when I eat it just kind of all balances out." And you may be fe doing things right, going to church, and then you're doing other things that are drawing away from that. Like, man, I'm not getting the benefit from this. &gt;&gt; I'm not getting the gains that I thought I would get. And it's because you have a leak somewhere where something is drawing from that and taking away from your strength. So, you're not growing. &gt;&gt; Uh, this thought came to me, and I know that many of you have already thought of this multiple times over the last few weeks, but this concept, it's a legal doctrine called the fruit of a poisonous tree. I know, brother Andrew, you're familiar with it. Not that you had to face this in any kind of legal context, but the fruit of a poisonous tree is a legal doctrine that excludes evidence that was obtained illegally. It's a real easy concept, but I want you to think, and it just really helped me to understand this. So, I I I reached for something in my heart as an attorney, something that I had learned or was familiar with, and it helped me to recognize, oh, wow, this is how certain things can hurt us and harm us. And the the idea between the fruit of a poisonous tree, if the evidence is obtained in the violation of someone's constitutional rights, they consider that evidence tainted. &gt;&gt; And then any subsequent information gained from that is the fruit of it. And that's considered tainted as well. So it's called the fruit of the po of a poisonous tree. So if somebody if if they executed something illegally and they found something and then they got information from that then all of the information all the fruit from that tree is considered poisoned and it can't be used against you. &gt;&gt; So why should they be able to violate our rights to obtain information and then use that information against us when they used it illegally? That's why our constitutional rights. These are our constitutional rights and that's why I love all these uh non I don't know what they're called anymore in the Texas in Texas they're like Texas republic people and they didn't believe in the constitution. So they refused to do all these things and refused to provide information and it just caused a lot of problems and then as soon as you put handcuffs on like this is a VIOLATION OF MY CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHTS. It's like of that thing you don't even believe in. &gt;&gt; Add this to the montage. And so there's uh this idea is that if it comes from that, it's poisoned as well. And there's a few exceptions to this rule. This is where we start getting into our criminal law class. There's actually an exception. This one makes me nervous that if it was obtained in good faith, like I didn't mean to violate his rights. It just happened. But there's an exception that the they can allow the evidence to be admitted under a good faith exception. But then also if it's obtained from an independent source outside of the illegal work or if it would have inevitably been discovered. So there's different ways where it says oh okay well the fruit is no long that information is no longer poisoned because there it can be there's an exception that basically qualifies it as good. And I know you're thinking, where in the world are you going with this? But Saul did not act in good faith &gt;&gt; when he went to that medium. He he was knowingly violating the word of God. So he could not justify his actions just because Saul Samuel spoke. &gt;&gt; Come on, somebody. &gt;&gt; All right there. This is where many times we have to catch ourselves and just how quickly we want to self-justify. Just because God allowed Samuel to speak, Saul could not say, "Oh, well, there was nothing wrong in doing what I did." Because after all, Samuel spoke. And we cannot justify our bad faith just because we get some good fruit. And we cannot justify certain things that we do. So, I wasn't I wasn't trying to do that. And I I didn't like expressly do this. It would be no different than than knowingly putting yourself in a position where you could take advantage of something without being very overt about it. &gt;&gt; And I hope that God can deal with your hearts in in much more particular ways, but I would even maybe say in the reverse of this, I don't know if this is the inversion, but bad fruit exposes bad faith. I &gt;&gt; if you approach something it with bad faith and and there's negative things coming out of it, that's exposing bad faith. And so we cannot justify the wrong kind of motive and objective and acting unfaithfully just because something good comes from it. And the way that I looked at this is things that are eternal, things that are purely for our spiritual good, they're ultimately going to be backed up by another source. &gt;&gt; You're going to be able to bring it back to the word. I was looking at the concept in the mouth of two or three witnesses, let everything be established. It's in the law quite a bit. Jesus uses it. Paul uses it. You can see that it's not just one source, but then it's verified by another source. It's the idea behind well that you can't use that evidence. But then an independent source provides the same information. And so anything that is really good, anything that's really beneficial, we can find it back in the word of God. &gt;&gt; We don't have to take it from a medium. We don't have to take it from this website. We don't have to take it from this source. uh or or well I I was watching this movie and I know it was a really really bad movie and it's a lot of like cuss words and a lot of nudity and a lot of inappropriate things but it really DEALT WITH MY HEART ABOUT GODLY SORROW and loss and and it's like well you KNOW THE WORD OF GOD COULD HAVE done that &gt;&gt; and this could have done that &gt;&gt; and so there's a way that if YOU HAD JUST SOUGHT GOD'S CHANNELS YOU WOULD HAVE inevitably discovered that &gt;&gt; so there's a lot of good and a lot of things that we can get from the the real source or independent sources or inevitably if we followed God's pattern. &gt;&gt; So it does give us pause or get causes me to ask what type of support are we using &gt;&gt; for what we do &gt;&gt; is what because I was going to use some of these scriptures but it's word upon word. &gt;&gt; I don't want to take the word and put it on the wrong kind of support. I don't want to take the word and put the wrong thing on top of it. &gt;&gt; If there's going to be media, I don't want it to be mixed in the sense that it's word on top of something that's not word &gt;&gt; or the word with something that's not word on top of it. I I don't want to use the wrong support or have the right support for the wrong things. If it isn't the word on the word, then it's mixed media. &gt;&gt; If it's hard for you to understand this, this is the the amazing thing that's happening right now. The word is being made flesh and the flesh is becoming word. You are a representation of mixed media in the process of changing to a singular medium of the word only &gt;&gt; where this flesh is assumed into an eternal form and it's word word and nothing but word eternally &gt;&gt; and the idea of inevitable discovery. I was thinking of it in terms of this way. We can refuse God's provided way and God has said you should do this. You should do this. You should do this. Don't do this. Don't do this. But yet in failing to take God's provided way and we do the things he doesn't then somehow we get blessed by some other means or we hear something or receive something, we cannot use the blessing or benefit to justify the means because God never changes. Amen. &gt;&gt; If God said, "I promise to feed you through this way or I can lead you through this way or this is a way to be blessed and you forsake that way and you do something else but you get a benefit FROM IT." THAT'S GOD'S grace in allowing Samuel to appear. But it does not mean do you keep visiting that fountain in perpetuity hoping to continue to get a blessing. &gt;&gt; We cannot use the blessing to justify the medium. &gt;&gt; I thought about this. I'm very grateful that even as a church and a small church with not a lot of means, we can uh and really it's a lowhanging fruit anymore to be able to stream services. Really, it's easy for anyone to start a church, right? But I'm grateful that we're able to uh allow it to be archived and and streamed. But if you're blessed through this medium &gt;&gt; of the streaming and the archives and the the idea of inevitable discovery is like the blessing you would get maybe exponentially by being here &gt;&gt; AND SO YOU HAVE TO LOOK AT IT THIS WAY SAID I CAN'T USE THE FACT THAT GOD CAN USE THESE other means to bless me to forsake my duty of going to church giving to support and those different ways that God wants us to be be blessed or God wants us to be faithful. &gt;&gt; It would be staying at home and then this continued disobedience or this is would be the way that we say, "Oh, well, I'm getting something from this." &gt;&gt; But how many people and and and maybe this is when I should look into the camera, but I feel kind of bad because there's some people can't be here. Some people want to be or circumstances have gotten so difficult they can't make it to church. So, I'm not trying to call anybody out, but how many people have a a dedicated a dedicated medium that through which the only thing that comes through that is brother Aaron, brother Ellie Ezer, brother Reggie, right? How how many have a a sanctified medium where that's the only thing that comes to it? I imagine as soon as I'm done this morning, I was going to say the Cardinals game is going to be on, but it's tomorrow night. [clears throat] As soon as you're done, boom. switch to something else, right? It could be picture and picture. Could you imagine, Brother Lucas, right now I'm preaching and they've got the NFL red zone up. &gt;&gt; Come on. &gt;&gt; And someone says, THEY'RE LIKE, "WOW." LIKE, WHAT DID HE SAY? WHAT DID HE SAY? NO, the Buccaneers are about to cover the spread. I want you to think about it in a way that's really it's real &gt;&gt; that if if there's there's a there's a there's things that we can enjoy and we can get a benefit from. And just because you're getting a benefit from it, don't make the mistake of blessing it like, "Oh, this is good. &gt;&gt; Th this is okay." No, it's still something God's using for your benefit. But ask yourself, what does God where does God want me to get this benefit more purely? &gt;&gt; How is it I can benefit from the preaching of the word of God more particularly without the drawbacks, &gt;&gt; without the danger line? We must be able to clearly identify the source of the benefit of the blessing &gt;&gt; because if you're getting it from a poisoned tree, there's still poison in that tree. &gt;&gt; So, we should not make the mistake of sanctioning or excusing some medium absolutely just because we can get some good from it. To help you understand this, I want to use our typical scriptures. And I think that one thing I I was praying about and really I was challenging myself on how I consistently go back to Genesis in the beginning and I was reminded how when God began to deal with my church uh my heart to start a church that he placed upon me this burden of in the beginning. And so I as I just kind of put it before the Lord, why am I why do I keep constantly going? Is it a crutch? Is it something I need to get out of? And it was like, no, this is part of the foundation in the beginning and always revisit this to understand this is how God laid it out. And we can make sense of where we are at the top sometimes by looking at where we are in the beginning. Says, "Out of the ground made the Lord God to grow every tree that is pleasant to the sight and good for food." So there was trees that brought only good. You could eat from it because it grew from the ground and it was for substance. You didn't have to worry about whether or not it was poisoned. You didn't have your brood with you, your wife and all your kids, and and you go up to a tree and you're not sure. Is this good food? Is this poisonous? And you take it and you give it to your least favorite son. You say, "Here, try this. Let's watch him for the next few days." Oh, you knew if it grew from the ground, IT WAS GOING TO BE it was wholesome. &gt;&gt; But then it says, "The tree of life also in the midst of a garden." So this didn't grow from the ground and it's it wasn't there for food necessarily like or literal food and the tree of knowledge of good and evil. What does this phrasing this description tell us? It was a tree of the knowledge of good and evil. &gt;&gt; It represent represented a mixture. It was not just good but now the knowledge of good and evil. And brother Bradom teaches at length I think in God of this evil age uh he deals a lot with the mixed tree and this mixture that there's a this knowledge mixed in with good makes even good evil when man's knowledge is attached to it. So God commands in verse 16, the Lord God commanded the man, saying, "Of every tree of the garden, thou mayest freely eat that grew out of the ground. That's good for food. But of the tree of knowledge of good and evil, thou shalt not eat of it." Speaking in symbolic terms, for in the day that thou eatest thereof, thou shalt surely die. The fruit of this tree produces death. Another way of putting it is it's poisonous. It was a mixed tree because it added not carnal knowledge to good. It took something that God had ordained. It took something that was good, adding carnal knowledge to it, which can just take it out of its place. It could take it out of its time. There's ways that God was wanting them to bring forth children, BUT THEY DID IT OUTSIDE OF GOD'S TIME. And even that carnal knowledge attached to something that's God's will can make it evil. &gt;&gt; TRYING TO DO GOD A SERVICE WITHOUT IT BEING HIS WILL, TRYING TO ACCOMPLISH SOMETHING WITHOUT it being his way. And immediately something THAT WAS GOOD BECOMES EVIL AND PRODUCES death because we mixed it. We took our own motives, our own ideas, our own agendas, our own opinions, our own wants and wishes and how we can ask. The Bible teaches us we can ask a miss and heap upon ourselves troubles because we asked with the wrong motive and objective. So the tree of knowledge of good and evil is a mixed tree. This to me is a representative of a mixed media. Mixed media can be very very dangerous. Presents to us stumbling blocks and challenges to our faith. In Exodus 12:38, I'm I want to go through this making this point that as believers, we have a channel to God by faith through the word of through the word of God. So, we have if you're born again, you have the life of Christ inside of you. The only sense you have in your soul is faith. And it's the word, hearing of the word that increases that and grows that. And then it's expressing itself out. So we have this these very clear channels at least in terminology that faith in the word of God. So hearing the word that this this dynamo and this dynamic it's going to increase my faith and I'm going to grow as a Christian and now it doesn't make it so easy to know well then what is the word of God and what does it mean and and what am I praying for and how does that look that that's the continual uh uh growth and the challenge of Christianity. So then if that channel can be described in that way, then what are the things that get in the way? What are the things that inhibit that channel or muddy it up or cause us to shift our focus a little bit where we have faith and we think we're getting the word but we're getting something else mixed into it? And I'm going to use that as that's mixed media. That's the mixture and the mediums that try to muddy up the channels to where I'm not getting the full benefit of the word of God. In Exodus 12:38, some might read this and think this is a great testimony. And a mixed multitude went up also with them in flocks and herds and even very much cattle. So, oh my, what a revival that it's not just the Israelites that are going out, BUT THEY'RE BRINGING CONVERTS WITH THEM. Other people are coming out. ISN'T THIS WONDERFUL? BUT THE MIXED multitude speaks of a rabble, a collection. It's a diverse group of people that were non-Israelites following Israel. We might say this is a mighty move of God that even others are being saved. But notice in numbers 11:es 4-6. And the mixed multitude that was among them fell alusting. &gt;&gt; And the children of Israel also wept again. Uh these two sentences and phrases are joined together because they're joined together. The children of Israel began to weep because there were people amongst them that began to lust after their past, began to lust after things of the world. And as they lusted after the things of the world and they begin to complain, they begin to murmur. Maybe it was, "Man, I really, really, really uh want to enjoy this and I really want to enjoy that and I I I want to enjoy this lifestyle." Brother Elazer put it this way. A lot of people don't like the word because it makes them feel guilty about what they love. &gt;&gt; It's that concept. &gt;&gt; So in instead of them saying, "I just really really really want to be uh promiscuous sexually and I want to do drugs and I I I I really want to enjoy all these things without guilt." They're like, "I mean, is this even true?" &gt;&gt; I mean, how do we even know? I mean, I was reading the Bible the other day and it says God loves all people. doesn't matter how your orientation that so they don't they don't come right out and say this is what I want to be and I want I'm going to do it they're going to start complaining so what did all these people that were lusting do says man this bread is tiresome man how could you continue to eat this bread don't you think that God would be great enough to at least put some you know some tomato sauce on it maybe some mozzarella right maybe some anchovies pineapple for those who are Italian and there's a way that You begin to look at it and say, "Oh man," and they're thinking, "Wow." They said, "We remember the fish which we did in Egypt freely." Now, who's remembering this? IT'S NOT THE MIXED MULTITUDE THAT FELL the lusting. IT'S THE MIXED MULTITUDE THAT STARTED PASSING ALONG AND BECAME A CHANNEL for the lust to now cause people who under the promise, who according to the Hebrew tradition could have eaten mana and it tasted like pizza with pineapple and Canadian bacon. THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT IT COULD HAVE TASTED LIKE. BUT THROUGH DOUBT, IT CAUSED HIM TO START SAYING, "OH MAN, we really want a different experience." We used to eat fish in Egypt and cucumbers and melons and leaks and onions and garlic or garlic. BUT OUR SOULS IS DRIED AWAY. THERE'S nothing at all beside this mana before our eyes. THERE'S NOTHING AT ALL BUT THE SUPERNATURAL WORD. GIVE ME SOMETHING ELSE, PLEASE. It's the mixed multitude that caused the hearts of the Israelites to turn back to Egypt. Why? They became the medium through which doubt could channel. &gt;&gt; They became the source, the mixed multitude mixed amongst them. The way the Bible READS IT IS HAD THEY NOT been there, Israel would have respond responded differently. They would have had reminders of that that your your 18-year-old is eating that man. I was like, it's just the same thing every day. It's the same thing every day. And the father could say, "No, son. It's mana." It's what is it? And it's not what is it in terms of what in the world is it? Is what is it you want it to be? &gt;&gt; What do you need it to be to you? &gt;&gt; What do you want to taste this morning? &gt;&gt; What is it? And that God was going to use something that seemingly seemed mundane and so simplistic maybe in its physical form. But you say, "This is bread that came supernaturally down from heaven. This is not a fairy tale. They went out and collected bread that gathered like dew &gt;&gt; in the night &gt;&gt; and they GOT TO A POINT TO WHERE THEY COULD COME TO CHURCH AND think uh these dew drops &gt;&gt; and not recognize THE SUPERNATURAL HAND OF GOD THAT WAS DOING IT. WHAT GOT TO THAT THEM TO THAT PLACE? A mixed multitude &gt;&gt; to whom the promise wasn't given. &gt;&gt; In Hosea 7:es 8 to9 just kind of continuing on the food theme. Ephraim, he hath mixed himself among the people. He joined with other nations. He was in league. And being in league with them, he had certain uh agreements. This this harmony of trade and even imitation. When the Bible says he had mixed himself with among the people, he actually allowed himself to become an imitator and uh traffic with them and commerce with them. There was community and communication. Ephraim is a cake not turned. Talk about a visual. He's a cake not turned. He's burnt on one side is literally what it means. Extreme lean SO FAR THERE'S NO BALANCE. And so therefore it's un it's unedible, inedible, inevitable. Strangers have devoured his strength and he knoweth it not through what? Mixing. Yay. Gray hairs are here and there upon him. Yet he knoweth not. His strength is gone. He's weakening and he doesn't know. Why? Mixed multitude. He's mixed himself. There's something pure has been lost. And so his strength is being sapped. Verse 11. Ephraim also is like a silly dove without heart. They call to Egypt. They go to Assyria. Notice where they're going. Look who they're trying to join with. Look what they're reaching for. It's not going to God who can be their help, but trying to get help from Egypt, trying to get help from Assyria, according the favor and acceptance of others. Let it hit home. You say, "I haven't called to Egypt. I haven't called to Assyria." No. But what is it we do when we mix ourselves and we join ourselves in commerce and communic community and communication with other people says become a silly dove? That is a dove, a foolish dove with no discretion. And it caused Ephraim by mixing to lose his strength and he doesn't know it. And he now he's a SILLY DOVE WITHOUT COURAGE AND WITHOUT HEART. HE'S FEARFUL. HE'S AFRAID. SO HE'S GOT TO JOIN LEAGUE HERE. He's got to make agreements here. He's got to have treaties here. AND HE'S GOT TO HE'S GOT TO BOLSTER HIS SUPPORT. I NEED THIS NEIGHBOR TO THIS SIDE TO HAVE MY SUPPORT. I NEED THIS NEIGHBOR TO THIS SIDE TO HAVE MY SUPPORT. I NEED TO MAKE THESE TREATIES INSTEAD OF TRUSTING IN GOD. I don't need to compromise and curry favor with my boss or my other fellow co-workers so that I keep my job or so that I get the bonus. I need to stay faithful in what God has called me to. Amen. &gt;&gt; And I need to I need to TRUST IN GOD AND NOT MY NEIGHBORS and the strength of my relationships. &gt;&gt; They were silly doves, which is such a paradox. We're taught how the dove is gless. In fact, Matthew chapter 10 16, behold, I send you forth a sheep in the midst of wolves. Be ye therefore wise as serpents, it says, and harmless as doves. Harmless as doves. The word harmless is unmixed. unmixed as doves because a dove, think of what a silly dove is. A dove will not land and join itself to something that's dangerous. There's this sensitivity where they're keenly aware of of of how that um the uh of the dangers that would present themselves. And so a dove uh uh lights upon a lamb. A dove will find security and safety in things that are trustworthy and that are indeed safe. But a silly dove, you find itself playing around with a with a serpent. A silly dove will put himself in areas of harm, calling to Egypt, calling to Assyria. When he says harmless as doves, it means unmixed. That's the Greek word. 2 Corinthians chapter 6:14, be not unequally yolked together with unbelievers. For what communion for what fellowship hath righteousness with unrighteousness? And what communion hath light with darkness? To be unequally yolked is to be joined with one who's different in spirit and and different in nature. That's why the dove, the silly dove, will now begin to flirt with the nature different than theirs and will be taken advantage of. where a harmless dove, an unmixed dove is going to find kinship with something of a like nature. That's the dove and the lamb. That kinship, the nature between the two. But when one, he says, be harmless as doves, you're unmixed. He says, "Be unequally yolked with unbelievers, those of a different nature and different spirit." BECAUSE THAT'S HOW CONFLICT ARISES. And I am not a proponent of using scriptures like this to draw lines of separation, to use it for as an excuse to draw swords against other people. There's a there's a level of respect that we ought to have for every single person because they're human. &gt;&gt; Life is a GIFT FROM GOD. REGARDLESS OF WHAT THEY'VE PUT ON TOP OF THAT CANVAS, IF THEY HAVE BREATH, THAT'S PRECIOUS. THEY HAVE LIFE, THAT'S FROM GOD. AND THERE'S A CERTAIN MEASURE OF RESPECT WE SHOULD GIVE, certain decency WE SHOULD HAVE TO EVERY SINGLE HUMAN. &gt;&gt; I don't care IF LIBERACE AND ELTON JOHN are are bullying you JUST BECAUSE OF THEIR LIFESTYLE GIVES YOU NO EXCUSE TO BE uncchristian towards them. So I'm not using these scriptures to create separation but to recognize the basis the reasoning is influence. What communion? What fellowship? So when we say be unequally yolked it doesn't mean oh I I can't I can't go to Thanksgiving dinner with my family because they don't believe the message like I do. Well they never will. And if that's your attitude maybe it's a good thing. Right? I mean, if that's what the message produces, I don't know that I want to have anything to do with it. &gt;&gt; And I know there's uh there there's things that can happen in life where maybe you don't want to be with them and it has nothing to do with their interpretation of the message. It may be with the way that they have handled it and abused and treated you. I'm saying, but be sure you're not the one with the attitude of separation &gt;&gt; because it's going to be the way that we can influence others. they could see Christ that can make the difference. The sermon led by the spirit of God, I think even that just fits so well with the dove leading the lamb says, "So if in many full gospel doctrines seem hard to you, just get down and pray till the Holy Ghost gets into you. It'll lead you to the fountain as certain as I'm standing here." Notice it's not you just need to accept it. So pray until you get it. If you just get down to the fountain, empty so God can fill you up. It'll lead you to the fountain. Certainly as I'm standing here, if you just get down to the fountain, empty up so God can fill you up. Led by the spirit. Sons and daughters of God are led by the spirit of God. Abraham, the old patriarch, 75 years old, Sarah, 65. God met him one day down in the valley of Shinar there, the city of Er, and he said to Abraham, "I'm going to bless you and I'm going to give you a son by Sarah." said, 'Now, in order to do this, if you stay around all this unbelief around here, you'll get to doubting. So, what's the connection? You lie with dogs, you get fe fleas. Is that what it is? &gt;&gt; There's a there's a connection between, he says, if you're going to hang around unbelief, you're going to start to doubt. &gt;&gt; Why am I doubting all of a sudden? Why am I fearful? Why am I worried? Why am I anxious? I've got no reason to be anxious. Life is good. Why am I so troubled IN MY SPIRIT? WHY DO I FEEL LIKE SOMETHING'S WRONG? WHY AM I ANXIOUS? &gt;&gt; YEAH, especially if you look at your life and everything's going well, start looking at the doubt, the unbelief that's near you. &gt;&gt; He says, "You're just going to go doubting, but I want you to separate yourself." USUALLY, IF A MAN'S going to be a believer, he has to separate himself from his worldly friends. He says, "All the people." So, if a man's going to be a believer, there must be some change. I'm not trying to interpret what brother Brandham said, but to separate yourself from your worldly friends means there's some change in the dynamic. &gt;&gt; It doesn't mean there's no longer an association. It doesn't mean there's any no longer a friendship, BUT NOW SOMETHING HAS TO BE SEPARATED OUT. &gt;&gt; So that there's this understand that this in this relationship I HAVE WITH THIS PERSON, I KNOW WHO I AM AND I know who they are. Amen. &gt;&gt; And I have TO BE CAREFUL TO NOT ALLOW THINGS TO BECOME MIXED TO WHERE I'M NOT GETTING THE BENEFIT FROM THIS FRIENDSHIP THAT I CAN GET AS GOD WOULD ALLOW AND THAT I'M NOT BEING inappropriately offended or bothered or discouraged. &gt;&gt; There's a lot of times you HAVE TO RECOGNIZE, YEP, THOSE are your parents. They're your parents, sure enough. BUT EVERY TIME YOU TALK TO THEM, you get a bad attitude towards your spouse. And you have to start recognizing they're your parents. They'll always be your parents, right? Should I tell a story? Maybe not. I just remember when Sister Elizabeth and I were dating, courting, and uh she had a particular friend she talked to. And I I could always tell she had talked to that friend &gt;&gt; because Elizabeth who's positive and happy and sweet. Once she talked to this one friend, you could just tell there's a little bit of an edge there. And actually, I could tell when she spent time with certain family members of mine. I'd be like, "Who are you with today? Let me guess." Right? Because there's just a way they work on you. &gt;&gt; And you're not natured like you're normally natured. You're different. This is what the scriptures are talking about. Brother says, "A man, if he's going to be a believer, he's got to separate himself from worldly people." Why? They're not believers. &gt;&gt; So, they're oozing unbelief that causes doubt. He says, "Yoke yourself out up from amongst unbelievers." THEY WILL ONLY CALL YOU BACK INTO THE WORLD AGAIN. &gt;&gt; And as I read that, THEY'LL ONLY CALL YOU BACK INTO THE WORLD AGAIN. WE COULD SAY IT IN SENSE OF WELL, THUS SAYITH THE LORD, YOU'LL MAKE IT BACK INTO THE world again. But maybe we COULD LOOK AT SAY THEY ARE ONLY CALL THEY'RE CALLING YOU BACK TO THE WORLD AGAIN. &gt;&gt; There's an influence there. There's a pressure there. And then he says environment has a lot to do with it. And as I was reading in this sermon and I saw where brother is talking it takes a birth. It takes a birth and he's talking about atmosphere uh in order to hatch a life and hatch a birth. I realize he he's not changing the chain of thought from the uh that you need an environment or an atmosphere to be born again, but it also applies to the atmosphere and the environment of being with those who aren't born again. That the environment that they're allowed to create impacts us. The environment that mixed media is allowed to create, the environment that social media IS ALLOWED TO CREATE, THE ENVIRONMENT THAT MODERN MEDIUMS ARE ALLOWED TO CREATE impacts us. And I know I'm putting a bullseye on social media. Uh and uh I I had spelled it social media in one place. So whoever media is is getting it. But social media is mixed media. It's a mixture of mediums, mixture of communities and communication. Communities that have no vetting other than you check the box. communities that have no vetting other than that you created a username and a password. There's there as there's a a mixing that takes place on these platforms through these technologies. I think that one thing that parents should be very keenly aware of. Uh let me say this, this is a PSA. This is for free. The federal cuts and the current uh stoppage of the government has not stopped me from being able to make a public announcement. This has been provided by anonymous donors. Even Adventures in Odyssey has social media components in the app. And while you're busy focusing on focus on the family, somebody's focusing on your family, &gt;&gt; right? AND YOU SHOULD CHECK TO MAKE sure that your children aren't making having conversations and communication on these platforms, whether it be a gaming platform or apps, uh, teams and all sort zooms and all sorts of online things that have come in our orbit. And you say, well, uh, should we BE WORRIED ABOUT THIS? YEAH, [screaming] I DON'T KNOW ABOUT BEING WORRIED, BUT YOU SHOULD AT LEAST BE CONCERNED. YOU should be very deliberate and very sensitive. DON'T FEAR, BUT you should address these things. You should know who your children are talking to. And I'm talking about our children. I have conversations quite often with my oldest son. He will go unnamed as he's known as Elliot. That as he's getting older, he's getting TO THE PLACE WHERE I'M NOT GOING TO HAVE ALL THE FILTERS in place. What's the point? He's going to be 18 years old next year. You want to plug your birthday? And there's A POINT AT WHICH IT'S LIKE HE'S GOT I I'VE TAUGHT HIM ALL I CAN AND I'M NOT GOING TO STOP TEACHING HIM, BUT HE'S going to have to start making real world decisions and real world mistakes. And so I KNOW THERE'S A POINT AT which they say we have a we have the responsibility to keep it away from them. &gt;&gt; But that we have this responsibility maybe to not go a day longer than we ought to because that begins to work in the inverse. And my goodness when to do that that's the battle. How far to tread? How lightly to tread. But I want to say this these all these little different uh components that build community and communication. It has been I believe if I just say in my opinion one of the most critical pieces in the corruption of faith and faithful faithlessness unfaithfulness in modern times from planting seeds of doubt to the fixation on certain appearances or activities. the internet, social media, the fusing together of certain mediums and I would say the ability to place the world into a palmable format has allowed us to digest things on a level and with such great frequency that it's been a tool used by the devil to plant seeds of doubt and to cause unfaithfulness. There are, and I want to say this maybe just in a a veiled way just to cause everyone to start looking around, but you know, there are telltale signs when an individual or a family is being influenced by social media. There are telltale signs. There are the bite-size format of shorts and reels and uh vines, whatever it is they are called today. I'm like tick tock. That's what it was. Yeah. Somebody somebody was going tick tock. Tick tock. They influence us [snorts] because there's a certain rhythm. There's a certain nature of a repetitive the algorithm is reinforcing things and we think what a coincidence. I WATCHED A VIDEO ON THAT JUST TWO SECONDS AGO and liked it AND NOW THERE'S ANOTHER ONE. Somebody's trying to say something to me, right? It must be the Lord BECAUSE NOW WAIT, IT HAPPENED THREE TIMES IN THREE MINUTES. SEVEN DAYS IN A ROW. DO THE SPIRITUAL MATH. &gt;&gt; IT'S NOT ELOHIM. IT'S ALGORITHM. THAT'S WHAT'S HAPPENING. &gt;&gt; BUT WE'RE INFLUENCED BY IT. WE'RE SHAPED BY IT. AND NOW WE got to do this and we got to do that. We want to present this and we want to present that. AND BEFORE YOU KNOW IT, YOU FIND YOURSELF BACKSLID. And you take the breadcrumbs back to the time when you got so fixated on certain influencers, certain ways of living and certain ways of doing, certain ways of talking and certain ways of presenting yourself. You wanted to have an image. You wanted to have a persona. And it so gets ingrained in your mind, you've been poisoned. &gt;&gt; Romans chapter 16 17 to 20. Now I beseech you, brethren, mark them which cause divisions and offensives contrary to the doctrine which you have learned, and avoid them. This scripture still applies today. For they that are such serve not our Lord Jesus Christ, but their own belly. That's what that's that describes in carnal terms what social media influences are. They serve themselves. They are not turning you on to a great new product. They're wanting to make money off of you. The reason why you're not paying for that video is because you're the commodity. They serve their belly and by good words and fair speeches deceive the hearts of the simple. That describes social media. For your obedience has come abroad unto all men, and I am glad therefore on your behalf. But yet I would have you wise unto that which is good, knowledgeable of that which is good. Notice how this in some way untangles the tree of knowledge of good and evil. You're wise, knowledgeable, and understanding of the good and simple, which the same word is harmless or unmixed concerning evil. There's that mixture again that becomes the problem. It's the mixing, the integrating, the joining together. Our life, we're not going to be able to get away FROM EVIL. IT SURROUNDS US. It's everywhere. It's even in our human DNA and our memories and in our affections in our so the the disentangling of those things is not in the sense THAT WE CAN'T WE WE CAN'T HAVE IT AROUND US IN ANY CAPACITY AT ALL BUT THERE'S A LEVEL of fusing and combining and mixing THAT BECOMES HARMFUL. SO HE SAYS I WANT YOU TO BE WISE AND KNOWLEDGEABLE OF GOOD AND unmixed concerning evil. &gt;&gt; Brother Brandham in the sermon making the valley full of ditches these kings made an alliance among them and they went over to fight Assyrians. And so there's this league, this joining together. And when on their road up, they went hastily, not consulting the Lord. For time's sake, we just didn't even build these scriptures together for this. He says, "That's the way you do when you get mixed up with unbelievers." So notice how they joined league. And this is we're going to fight a an enemy to Israel. And you start making alliances because you've got a common enemy. You realize this? If you could find if if you could find something you all hate like uh Joe Biden, then you'll have fellowship with people that hate Joe Biden, &gt;&gt; right? Fly the flags and everything else, right? Hey, we're in this together because we hate this. We we hate Camala, Camala, Camalive, Wahala, right? We hate her. So we're all going to be against her. And so you'll lock arms in March, right? Against the capital with unbelievers, right? People that as long as they hate this person, like I don't care what your hang-up is, what your problem is. I don't you know what what are your pronouns? All of them. BUT WE HATE THIS GUY, &gt;&gt; RIGHT? BUT AS SOON AS WHAT you hate falls, &gt;&gt; you got to find somebody else to hate. And now everybody want hates the multi-pronoun GUY, RIGHT? WE GOT A NEW ENEMY NOW. BIDEN'S DEAD. WE [screaming] HATE YOU. IT'S LIKE, WAIT, I THOUGHT WE WERE FRIENDS. NO. And so here's this working together. But this is what happens when you get mixed up with unbelievers. They have different agendas, different motives. When you claim your healing here and go outside and somebody say, "Ah, it's nonsense. There's nothing to it. Don't believe that." That's psychology. You're just mentally worked up. Okay. Fill in the blank. Fill in the blank. I feel God's calling me to do this. God, I see in the word of God asked me to do this. It's become plain to me in the scripture. This is the standard that God has for a home or for a woman. And what will they say? That's nonsense. He says, "Look out. Right there is the biggest danger line you ever hit." He says, "You separate yourself from that person right then. have nothing else to do with them at all. Nothing. How do you do? If they want to be led of the Lord, you do so. But keep yourself away from unbelief. There's an immediate pause in terms of those dynamics where if God is c God is dealing with your heart, if there's a channel or medium through which God is working in your life and you can sit in the word of God and you're rejoicing in that, we have to be realize there's influences now. And this is kind of somebody on the street talking face to face. But when we have voices, you have voices. Listen, there is um what is it? I I came across them one time. Uh it's good mythical morning or something like that. Is it Rhett and Link? Am I sewing seeds now? They seem LIKE GOOD KIDS OR WHATEVER AND they were Christian. Well, they've had a transformation and they've woke up and they realized that the way that they were raised was wrong and God is not true and the Bible is this and THE BIBLE'S THAT. AND YOU KNOW WHY? BECAUSE THEY MOVED OUT OF NOWHERE NORTH CAROLINA TO HOLLYWOOD to continue making money as podcasters or whatever it is they did content creators. AND THERE WAS A CERTAIN POINT WHERE IT'S LIKE WE'RE GOING TO MAX OUT AT multi-millionaires with this theology. WE GOT TO TEAR DOWN THIS WALL if we're going to make more money. And so then now they become this sympathetic, oh we were raised legalistically and we didn't know this and we were brainwashed and now they turn against Christianity. They turn against Christ. They turn against God and they try to come across as these sensitive and caring and and thoughtful and loving. And if you're not careful, you might enjoy the videos where they eat all sorts of weird foods, but it opens the door to the ear biscuits podcast and things like that and you start hear them talking about things that are anti-faith &gt;&gt; and you just wanted TO KNOW WHICH COTTON CANDY FLAVOR WAS THE best &gt;&gt; and you're walking around wondering why YOU EVER BELIEVED THE BIBLE. You start going to the dentist and you stop going to church. &gt;&gt; He says, "Keep yourself away from unbelief. I'll stop there and continue here. He says, "To be wise unto that which is good." I think I could just go quickly here. I left some things out, but I realize we're in the after hour, and I don't want to be labor this. Some of you are still getting dust out of your eyes. He said, "Wise unto that which is good." I I have to finish this part. There's enough social media and everything out there. I want you to realize there's a pure medium. &gt;&gt; The tree of life also in the midst of the garden. Isn't that beautiful? &gt;&gt; In Satan's Eden today, it was in God's eating, but now in Satan's Eden today, we're living in the harvest of the tree of knowledge of good and evil. It's all poisonous fruit. &gt;&gt; But what has come down to visit us in the midst of Satan's Eden? The tree of life. Amen. &gt;&gt; The tree of life is now available. Genesis 3:es 22 to 24. I want you to recognize the power embodied in the tree of life. And the Lord God said, "Behold, the man has become as one of us to know good and evil. He's now a mixed tree himself." You said, "WELL, BUT HE'S LIKE GOD." NO, but not like God. And now, lest he put forth his hand and take also of the tree of life and eat and live forever. Whoa. Wait, what? man as a mixed man having mixed himself with doubt. Man now having been stripped of his holy image, there was still AS A FALLEN MAN WHO'S now sinful under the sentence of death. The the inoculation or the anecdote was to take of the tree of life and he wouldn't die. &gt;&gt; Therefore, the Lord sent him forth from the garden of Eden to till the ground from which he was taken. SO HE DROVE OUT THE MAN AND he placed at the east of the garden of Eden cherubams and a flaming sword which turned every way to keep the way of the tree of life. lest man would partake of it and live forever in that mixed fallen state. But eternal life was in the tree. There's no death in that tree. &gt;&gt; The tree of knowledge of good and evil is a mixed tree. This is a tree of good. &gt;&gt; This is a tree of life. This is a tree of power without a downside. &gt;&gt; My son Preston's been writing a paper on what strength is and his gift and looking at things from a different angle. He's talking about strengths and advantages and how they're used. And there's ways that you could define strength in very very unique ways and and so you realize with some strengths come weaknesses. And that's and a lot of times that's really what when it comes to athletic competitions and some things you say, well, you're going up against this great powerhouse. You know all their strengths, but what's their weakness? A lot of times, if someone's really really strong in in something and they're real robust in something, it has a it has a a it's a double-edged sword. &gt;&gt; But this tree of life, no weakness to it. &gt;&gt; And so, in the beginning, where there was this warning against the mixture, there was something unmixed that could not be overpowered by the mixture. Revelations 22:es 1 and two, we come to the very end now. And he showed me a pure river of water of life, clear as crystal, proceeding out of the throne of God and of the lamb. I'm wanting to tell you right now, in the midst of all the mixed media and the modern mediums, there's a pure river. &gt;&gt; And it says, "And in the midst of the street of it, and on either side of the river was there the tree of life, which bear 12 manners of fruits and yielded her fruit every month, and the leaves of the tree were for the healing of the nations." The life of that tree, the leaves of that tree, there was no poison in that tree. It was a tree of life. Therefore, the fruit that came from it could not be poisonous to where the leaves were for healing. That tree could heal and sustain life even for the nations that were not in glorified bodies. And let me say this, we live naturally by the tree of knowledge of good and evil. We can't avoid it. We're all wearing clothes from it. We eat food from it. So therefore, we must eat from the tree of life to live &gt;&gt; because we're eating from the tree of the knowledge of good and evil to live naturally. We must eat of the tree of life to live spiritually. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; We're living in an age when the pale horse is riding beginning its ride. Not quite quite yet in its final ride and death, but he's uh begin to ride out against the bride. That pale horse, what is what this the horse he sits on, his support? Death. What is it that follows him? Hell. What is pale? It's a mixed color. It represents death and mixed creeds. That's what you're fighting against is the mixture. And this mixed media, these modern mediums contain poison. And I'm telling you right now, every single individual in here, I'm telling you, the only anecdote, the only thing that'll protect you against it is the tree of life. And that's I I say that in our families to individuals to all of us that with all the poison we're ingesting and with all the contaminants we're bumping up against eating the tree of life will allow you to not be impacted by the evil and get the good out of it. Brother Ernie Villoeva used to have this saying and God bless him. He's such a wonderful brother. He passed away a number of years ago. He used to have this saying when he would go do a a seminar or do a conference. It might have been brother Ernie may have been one that introduced the message to brother Martin Jones, but he would go do these seminars for Hoover vacuum cells. And is that it? Was it Hoover? Okay. I was like all of a sudden that sounded kind of cheap. I don't know why. Hoover. Um but there's he would do these seminars and he would when he would go he say I'm going to get a little gold out of Babylon. And you know I think that's maybe a good way of looking at it. I know I'm going into Babylon and I'm going with the purpose to get gold out of it. I'm getting a paycheck. I'm not getting popularity. I'm not getting power. I'm not getting prestige. I'm not going to try to get uh um with to the use of iterations, prophecy or profits from it. &gt;&gt; Right? I'm just trying to get what I need, the the substance, the good that God wants to give me. I want to know that it can come through those medians and be able to take it back to an alternative source and say that I know that no good thing comes but from God. in the mediums he uses it to give it to me. I'm not going to sanction the medium. I'm not going to say, "Oh, well, it's the will of God that we all go work here, we all go trade in Bitcoin, and we all try to find some currency to the moon." No. I'm going to trust God that he's the one that's providing. He's the one that's leading. &gt;&gt; Okay. Let's see. Let's see. See, I will stop there. gives me something to preach Wednesday night. Gonna have a short service Wednesday night. Just like one, two, three, four scriptures maybe. Let's stand. Lord, help me. Help me. I'm surrounded by so many voices, so many mediums, so much mixed media. Help me to have the this spiritual canvas of the word and the spiritual materials of the word that are that are painting this masterpiece in my life. And as I go out into the world and [music] I employ worldly people or I have partners in business who are worldly and I have friends who forsaken the truth and maybe some who struggle with tremendous addiction and worldliness. Lord, I'm drinking from the fountain. I've got a source of pure life. Therefore, Lord, [music] I want to stay free of their poison, but Lord, I want to be a fountain that they can drink from, and it heals their poison. I want them to be healed. I don't want to [music] try to isolate myself a a and go into some sort of, you know, COVID 19 panic, have nothing to do with anybody and just try to [music] hide myself so I don't get sick. I said, "No, I've been inoculated." Right? You know, some people that they were so bold, the mask was off. They said, and they they just say, "I'm immune." Well, how do you know you're immune? Well, I've had five vaccine shots. I just had CO and [music] I currently have CO right now. So, I'm not worried about what you can give me, right? Well, in a spiritual sense, we can say, I know who I am as a son of God. I'm feeding. I'm strong. I'm robust. I I I I I'm very discerning about influences and these things in my life. And so I I I want to interact [music] with my fellow friends and brothers and co-workers in a way that can be a a voice that there is a tree of life. There is a tree of life. I'm drinking from a fountain that protects my spirit against all these negative influences out there. I have kind of integrity where someone can say, "Well, brother, how is it you live clean? How is it you're able to overcome? How is it you're not completely scared to death that Camala may run again or that a a a Hindu Muslim is going to become the governor or mayor of New York? Oh my goodness, what are we going to do in Phoenix if this guy becomes mayor of New York? How can you live at night and sleep at night knowing that that guy's going to run New York City? Well, uh let me just start. I'm a I'm a Christian. put one as a mayor of Phoenix and I'm not going to panic. As a matter of fact, elect invoke [music] Shahira law in Maricopa Island lands where it's Maricopa [music] County land. Go ahead and we're under Sharia law and have it governed by al-Qaeda. I'm going to serve God anyways. You see, Sister Elizabeth in Aura, you'll know why. But we're GOING TO SERVE GOD anyways because those things aren't my my I'm not drinking from that. And I don't want to start drinking that [music] Kool-Aid. I don't want to get that poison. And I want to become a voice that no matter how bad it gets out there, no matter how much everything gets mixed, there's [music] a pure source. Pure source. Let's pray for one another today. Pray for one another. Brother Rowan, brother Isaiah, maybe you could pray for each other right there. And families [music] could pray together. Esther, you could pray with your sister. Let's just pray for one another next to us. Let's pray and ask God to help us. Our gracious heavenly [music] father, Lord, we stand in a mixed age, a time when the pale [music] horse is leaving its imprint on the world. And Lord, we need you more than ever before. Lord, our lives are are so interconnected and intertwined. [music] There's a weaving together socially with unbelieving family with backslid [music] family. Our our lives are intertwined with business partners that aren't believers. So, I don't believe the word is telling us, not you got to cut ties, you got to ruin your business, you got to quit that job, you got No, no, no, no, no, no. Lord, I don't think that's what the word is saying at [music] all. But the word is saying, what things are you are you feeding on? And what is what is the tree of life? Is it rooted, centered, and planted in your soil and in your garden so that [music] we become the source of life and strength for the poisoned in this world and that we can interact, Lord. We can enjoy certain [music] recreations. We can enjoy certain mediums, whether it be a gaming platform or movie night with the family. Lord, we're discerning. We're not silly doves just [music] watching anything. We're not just uh Ephraim on a burnt cake where we've given ourselves over to something to an extreme. And so, Lord, we have this experience that leads us [music] and guides us and washes us and purifies us, corrects us when we're wrong, keeps us in balance when we go too far. And that's my prayer [music] is purify our hearts, Lord. Help us to be more discerning as I've taken advantage of the people's kindness today and been rather lengthy. I thank you for their [music] attentiveness. And Lord, I know that in deal talking about social media, there may be somebody here, just a real sincere [music] person, a sweet person who begins to think that they're being called out. Lord, I don't know of anyone's social media presence here. I I I can honestly say I know that brother Martin Jones had a Twitter profile a long long time ago and I could assume he still does. But Lord, I'm not making any comments at all on anyone's [music] particular social media habits or what they've been saying and posting and liking and doing. Lord, I [music] have no presence on Instagram. Lord, I don't follow people and on Facebook. I have no Facebook account. Lord, there's there's this is not personal. Lord, you've dealt [music] with my heart and I just want individuals to just apply this in their own special way. Lord, if there be people here who make a living [music] uh leveraging social media, they have followers, Lord, use it for your glory, Lord. May their may their platforms be blessed. Lord, as it's necessary to have a a profile on X or necessary to have a Facebook page for our businesses, Lord, bless it, use it, harness it for good. Therefore, let us as we have voice, [snorts] as we like, as we subscribe, as we follow, may we be a tree of life, Lord. Just Lord, I I lay down no other law other than Christ, no other creed but Christ, [music] trusting that it'll be a tree of life to us and help us to be. Limit the detriments that come with the technology, the community, and the communication in this world by harnessing [music] all the good that you would want to come to us by it. We love you. I commit the people to you now in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
