################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-16 - Your Moment - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-16
Title:   Your Moment
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lslu-VY2Nxg
========================================

Description:
Your Moment
Wednesday Service: July 16, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
1 Corinthians chap 12:es 12- 27. If you could follow with me in this. I don't um I'm not expecting to amplify much as we go through it, but I'm hoping to be able to draw from much of this, but then I'm just going to pick up at the end uh starting with verse 24 most likely. For as the body is one and hath many members, and all the members of that one body being many many are one body, so also is Christ. So there's that parallel that Christ is one. And then we, though we are many members, it's still that oneness, one body. For by one spirit are we all baptized into this one body, whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free, and have all been made to drink into one spirit. It's this scripture that brother Brandham uses when he says that God's word is like a drama. And it's specifically this part where he says that by one spirit we're all baptized into one body but yet we being individuals understand that through the symphony. For the body is not one member but many. If the foot shall say because I am not the hand I am not of the body. Is it therefore not of the body? If the ear shall say because I am not the eye I am not of the body. Is it therefore not of the body? Notice that the attitude resides within the individual understanding their part. If the whole body were an eye, where were the hearing? If the whole were hearing, where were the smelling? But now hath God set the members, every one of them in the body, as it hath pleased him? And if they were all one member, where were the body? But now are they many members yet but one body? How? It just seems very uh repetitious. But then I think there's a lot of different elements and nuances he keeps introducing for our benefit. And the eye cannot say unto the hand, I have no need of thee, nor again the head to the feet, I have no need of thee. Nay, much more those members of the body which seem to be more feeble are necessary. And those members of the body which we think to be less honorable, upon these we bestow more abundant honor, and our uncumbly parts have more abundant comeliness. For our comely parts have no need. But God hath tempered the body together, having give more abundant honor to the part which lacked, that there should be no schism in the body, but that the members should have the same care one for another. And whether one member suffer, all the members suffer with it, or one member be honored, all the members rejoice with it. Now ye are the body of Christ, and members in particular. Amen. You can be seated. I may have given you the wrong title on Sunday. Can't remember if it was the bride's uh song or the bride's move or what it was. But tonight, our title is your moment. I wanted to make it just a little bit more personal and express this to you and trust that you can just uh enter into this service just as the one that we have before us. Uh not trying to figure out everything that's been preached before and make everything fit, but just look at this um directly this evening and catch the mind of God for us. But I do want you to make it personal. This is your moment which is an opportunity. Uh it's even derived from even the sense of momentum a segment of that momentum this this time of this opportunity. And let's start in 1 Corinthians chapter 14 as Paul has expressed these things in chapter 12. Uh he's now going to be continued to build on this oneness and the different members and gifts and administrations in the body. He does mention in Romans that um that's the same spirit but different administrations and different offices. And there's a lot of emphasis on how we're all working together for a whole even though we have individual parts. He says, "Now brethren, if I come unto you speaking with tongues, that's in other words, a language that you can't understand, what shall I profit you except I shall speak to you either by revelation or by knowledge or by prophesying or by doctrine?" In other words, these are more profitable to speak with an unknown language or in tongues that is just in the spirit that's unintelligible. It's not in necessarily any language at all. He says it doesn't profit you unless we speak by revelation knowledge, prophesying or teaching or doctrine. Those things edify. Those things are profitable. Even things without life. Now it's this this uh dividing between us who could vocalize or and speak. But even things without life giving sound, whether pipe or harp, except they give a distinction in the sounds, how shall it be known what is piped or harped? So what is the benefit? If he says, if I speak in an unknown language and you don't understand it, he's saying there's no prophet. So only when I speak by revelation or knowledge, prophesying or teaching that you receive a benefit in a profit. So in the same way if an instrument is uh it does not have a distinction in sound he says there's there's no benefit to it. I could put it this way it's not pleasing. And he's looking uh at the dynamic of music where one can pipe and one can harp and it works together to produce something that is fruitful or beneficial. And so for in order for music to be made or understood perhaps even enjoyed there must be a distinction in the sounds. some distinction among notes and tones and and the different elements that make up music. Even if vocals are a part of it. Vocals have to be combined with the instruments. And when arranged properly, it produces music. That's how we have a a difference between music and noise. If somebody's just shouting and another person's just banging and another person's doing this, we wouldn't say, "Ah, listen to that music." We say, "Listen to that noise, that racket." So each instrument, pipe, harp, if we say vocals, whatever we might want to look at this, have to work in a way that's complimentary. We saw in 1st Samuel 16 23 and it came to pass when the evil spirit from God was upon Saul that David took a harp and played with his hand. So Saul was refreshed. Here he is playing with his hands the harp and he's singing with his voice as they believe traditionally. And it says Saul was refreshed and was well and the evil spirit departed from him. David's playing and singing had a harmony to it. It had a a tension and a melody and vocalization and it was all arranged in such a way that it contrasted the chaotic mind in this turbulent spirit that Saul had when this evil spirit from the Lord came upon him. And so that's something skillfully played things that are put together. It has that power of music. It's something that God enjoys and is a beautiful. So the what I want to emphasize here at the outset is that the pipe and the harp these instruments whatever the instrument might be must be true to their purpose their intended purpose. They must be true to their design in order to produce a unique sound um that can become a melody that can form music. There a lot of instruments maybe we can pick up and we can blow on or we can slap on or we can do different things too and it makes a sound but said that's not how that's supposed to be played. That that's not how it's intended. A each instrument having a unique sound and when played right uh produces that sound as Paul is saying that there has to be a distinction. Think of this a distinction in sounds and that distinction or that difference is necessary for music. then the pipe should not want to be the harp and the harp shouldn't try to sound like the pipe because there's if they do something is lost that it doesn't Paul is saying if we if we can't tell the difference what's the benefit if everything tries to be the same on the same tone and do the same thing he's saying what's the benefit so there can be and you might just have to really think about this in a way to say I'm going to chew on that or maybe I'll come back to later but there can be a loss of distinction through overemphasis or through impersonation. &gt;&gt; If a pipe tries to sound like a harp, so then a pipe sounding like a harp, it loses it can lose its distinction from the other instrument which may be meant to contrast it. And when it try when everything tries to sound the same, you get this loss of distinction. And through impersonation, one one instrument would be complimentary if they played uh a certain rhythm or they didn't play the melody and they were filling in certain notes and the other one is on the melody. But when they all try to play it together, any musician here will tell you, especially in this church, that it just becomes a roar. And and it's not beautiful to those that sit here in the corner because they're just everything's just blending together in a disharmonious way because they're just bouncing off of each other. Even the science of sound waves dictates that not everything needs to be on the same length, but there needs to be some contrast in different textures and elements to make music beautiful. And even through overemphasis where things are well it has to be this way it has to be this way it has to be this way or you emphasize only one part uh and then everything tries to sound that part or be that way then you lose distinction. I was thinking of it this way that it's kind of lazy homogyny. Well let's all just be the same and it's just laziness because nobody's willing to take their part and let God deal with their hearts. Let's just find somebody we can mimic and we can copy. Or maybe it's uh legalism on one sense or maybe fanaticism in another way. Paul continuing in verse 8. For if the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall prepare himself for battle? So he's talking about giving sound and the need to have distinction in our sounds when we pipe or when we harp or when a sound is given in order for there to be a benefit. And he says because if a trumpet sounds in an uncertain way, it's not going to give the proper signal in order to respond appropriately. So, an uncertain sound here is an unknown or secret sound. Or we could just say it's not understood. Say, "Yep, that was a trumpet. Yes, something was played." Maybe you even say to some point that sounds like it it it followed a particular melody. But if it's uncertain or unknown or secret, then there's no benefit from listening to it. &gt;&gt; It can be played or maybe even heard. But if it's not according to, as Paul's saying, revelation, knowledge, prophesying, or doctrine, then you can't get the proper response to what's being sounded. &gt;&gt; In the sermon, feast of the trumpets, he says, the only way you'll know what the trumpet sound is, and he's specifically referencing this verse. The only way you know what the trumpet sound is is to look what the music sheet says. That's all. It's a great symphony and beating. The music sheet is I look at it as I study it using the table program on the Windows operating system. It has music sheet capitalized. So we know we're looking at the word of God, the Bible, and not just something pulled off the shelf at at a bookstore or or a music store, but it's something that is according to God's word. And how are we going to know what is sounded unless we can understand the sheet music? &gt;&gt; And Paul is following along these lines in verse 9. He says, "So likewise, ye, except you utter by the tongue words easy to be understood, how shall it be known what is spoken?" I guess sometimes it's amazing uh that Paul can be so direct and explicit about the use of the gift of tongues and how it could be manifested a and how that he is not saying this is the ultimate expression, but rather he's saying this is what can bring confusion for ye shall speak into the air. In other words, it's worthless. It's not going to edify it. just kind of empties out into the atmosphere. There are it may be so many kinds of voices in the world and none of them is without signification. So sounds voices are are have a purpose and they have a meaning. He says therefore if I know not the meaning of the voice the voice has to be understood or the meaning behind it. I shall be unto him that speaketh a barbarian and he that speaketh shall be a barbarian unto me. one is sounding and the one who's hearing what is sounded thinks the one speaking is a barbarian and the one who's speaking realizing it's not having the response on the recipient or the hearer he thinks they're a barbarian and so there's this sounding out if we even look at in the sense of music well this is what the music should do and someone's just sitting there going then the one who's playing the music says well they obviously don't get it and the one that's listening says well they obviously don't get it so there must be understanding or We can say this in the context of the word of God. The understanding of the sheet music and there must be a faithful performance of it. We can see it in the word and we say well it says this we says this. But if we misunderstand the sheet music even if it's being uh performed then it's barbaric to us. It's foreign or it's uh it's uh uncertain univilized is what it would be uh rude. So the rude barbarians were univilized. They're rude. And then if it's misinterpreted misinterpreted sheet music where it's not being played right then it's it's always going to be univilized or root it's not going to be harmonious and in that even something if it's properly understood and then I kind of feel just to say this it can be properly understood it can be properly performed but still the things of God can only be known by the spirit of God. Therefore it can seem foolish and unreasonable to those who don't know the music. 1 Corinthians chapter 1 18 to2. For the preaching of the cross is to them that perish foolishness, but unto us which are saved, it is the power of God. Now, it's important to recognize that the foolishness aspect is from the base instinct of fallen man. Not God saying, "Oh, well, this is foolishness. I'm going to use it." But rather, the preaching of the cross is to those who don't have understanding, it's foolishness. But to those which are impacted by it, it is the power of God. For it is written, I will destroy the wisdom of the wise, and I will bring to nothing the understanding of the prudent. Where is the wise? Where is the scribe? Where is the disputer of this world? Hath not God made foolish the wisdom of this world? For after that in the wisdom of God, the world by wisdom knew not God? It pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe. He didn't use maybe their their socratic method and their uh the their porches of philosophy. He didn't use their schools or their rationale or even their scientific method or rigor or their proof. But he used preaching to save them that would believe. To them it's foolishness. It's the foolishness of preaching to the wise in this world. Says for the Jews require a sign and the Greeks seek after wisdom. Yeah. But we preach Christ crucified. That's the wisdom of God. That's the power of the gospel. And it is still yet under the Jews a stumbling block and under the Greeks foolishness. The their root identification is in their educational system, their structure, their culture. And the to the Jews, it's a stumbling block because they believe the gospel is a misinterpretation of their religion. To the Greeks, they don't hold to the any of those philosophies. They're looking for more an intellectual uh um stimulation. And so the gospel in itself is foolishness to those who are still rooted in their traditions and their cultural identities and their human education. But unto them which are called both Jews and Greeks, Christ the power of God and the wisdom of God. &gt;&gt; Because the foolishness of God is wiser than men and the weakness of God is stronger than men. So the gospel being preached is a certain sound. It is a sounding out. The gospel trumpet, the gospel sound. The voice of one declaring and publishing the word of God is a certain sound. And yet still in its certainty and in its truth, one can hear it and think it's foolishness. I can misunderstand what is being piped and what is being preached. Brother Brandham in the sermon shalom July 12th of 1964 he says the scripture is God's symphony only the composer knows what it really means and he reveals it to those who are listening who are interested in knowing what the drama is &gt;&gt; kind of takes it out of that realm I'm just going to be a casual observer I'm just going to show up I'm just going to be uh president when they call the roll call a and thinking that just by osmosis I'm somehow going to be able to understand the word of God. But he's saying the Bible is God's symphony. The composer, God who composed the word knows what it means. And he will reveal it to those who are wanting to understand, who are listening and interested in knowing what the drama is. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, come on all you tea drinkers. &gt;&gt; You know that's what you want. And here it is right here. All the drama you could ever want is in the word of God. It'll scratch that itch for the gossip. Gossip. You say, "Hey, spill some tea. I want to know the I I I want the DL on this. What's happening? You don't have to worry about it. You can get all that that scratched right here in the word of God to know what the drama is. &gt;&gt; But you'd have to know about a symphony first. It's not just something you see. It's the changing the junctions of the word of the music. &gt;&gt; It throws. Sometimes it's going this way for a while, a certain beat. After a while, it changes all around. Now, there's a way that we can look at that and say, "Oh, that's exactly what a movement will do within a larger composition that it has a certain beat and a certain rhythm." And some people just fixate on that first pull. They fixate on that second pull and they that's music to them and they rejoice in it, but they haven't caught those transitions or those movements. He says it's going this way for a while that all of a sudden it changes. He says, "A certain beat after a while it changes all around. What is it to you who wouldn't understand it or don't know nothing about it, not interested in it, it's just a racket. It's a fuss. Now, I believe that when one doesn't take that dig down deep enough to get in the spirit of revelation and they're not uh hungry for revelation, they're not looking at at it in the light that they ought to or in the way that pleases God, and they just kind of take the message lightly and they just kind of uh cherrypick their quotes to scratch their denominational itch, they when they look at it and they're not getting the understanding of it, what they're seeing is racket and fuss. &gt;&gt; And so they think that's how the message is supposed to sound. So that's what they drum up, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; That's what they teach. Now, they're probably not going to call it fuss, but God wants and hears a lot of fuss. No, but they what they're doing is they're what they're seeing in it. They're reflecting through their emphasis, through their legalism or their impersonation. And so it's rack it's a racket. It's a lot of fuss if you don't know it. And if that's you, if you don't know it, and that isn't what it is to you, you can then begin to channel your misconception. Amen. &gt;&gt; He said, "But to those who know about it, they're watching for it. They know it's coming." In other words, there's now as we mentioned that prophetic angle of how the word of God is sheet music and how that the church ages as it was expressed to John and Jesus is speaking and uh Christ in the midst of the church as a conductor is telling John what those movements will be, what's going to happen in each age and what parts going to be played and there's going to be these different elements and if they we have the benefit of looking at back at it historically but in a way the word was telling what was coming in a way that the church could have been looking at their their music and saying this is exactly what we have. We've identified ourselves in the word. We're being persecuted or this is happening that's happening and they can watch for it. Amen. &gt;&gt; Now, this may seem to be a little bit of an aside, but it's not a rabbit trail. And I I want this is uh fits into our theme tonight of your moment. How Paul is saying that well, you're all individual members, but yet we're one body. And the body being one is still yet many membered. And he's emphasizing that in such a way to where kind of weaves in and out of those different things of members and and one body but different parts. And he uh that great emphasis. What he's expressing is how that the hand can't say to the feet, you're not part of the body. Nor can the feet say to the hand the same. And nor can the ear say, well, I'm not part of the body. No matter what it says, it is. &gt;&gt; And what is what is expressed is a unified hole. something that is one but yet there's some division the distinction amongst parts. So when there are differences among members unity is key and when it comes to music unity is key when combining different voices and different instruments and different sounds and different notes to make music. Unity is paramount. &gt;&gt; Unity is the state of being united into a whole. If something is just singular, then you say, well, there it's not necessarily unity unless you begin to look at it in its components and what makes it up and say, oh, these are things fused together. This is what comes together to make this. There's no single cell organism as it were, but there's different ways that we shape. So, there's uh there's a unity is a harmony of parts into a whole. To be united or have unity, it's a unchanging singleness of purpose or action among different parts or members. So unity uh produces harmony or agreement. &gt;&gt; One thing may be different uh uh and almost opposite of the other but when they unite they find how where their differences blend or fuse together with the other. &gt;&gt; We touched on this briefly recently in Genesis 11:1 how this spoke of a had a musical tone to it that the whole earth was of one language and of one speech. They didn't all sound the same where if someone said, "Hey, Bob." And and all the Bobs turned around and said, "Yeah, Jack." They all had they had different voices and they had different sounds and uh they maybe had different pitches and different tones and different ways that they would speak and but yet they were all of one language in one speech. In the musical sense, there's ways of combining harmony and timing and tone and rhythm and different kinds of structure. go and study these different elements of music, even texture and dynamics. A and that's one may be playing uh very loud, the other one very soft, one may be doing something that's not necessarily out of beat, but it's it's hitting differently or alter alternating than something else. And how you make music is when all those things combine. And if you guys aren't writing song and making songs and making your own music by the time I get back, I'm going to be incredibly disappointed because I'm giving you everything. It's right here. How to make music. So there's unity is necessary. In Isaiah 52:es 78 and 9, how beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of him that bringeth good news. So I believe that I have uh beautiful feet upon the mountain that publisheth peace, that bringeth good tidings of good, that publisheth salvation, that saith unto Zion, "Thy God reignth." There's the gospel being preached. What to the world is foolishness. There's something beautiful and its foundations and its efforts, its purpose, its pathway, its endeavors that publish peace, that bring good tidings of good, that publish salvation, and say, "Thy God reignth." So it says in verse 8, it says an amplification, maybe just a threshing out of these different elements. Thy watchmen shall lift up the voice. It doesn't say they shall lift up their voices, but watchmen plural are lifting up the voice. Certainly, you could take from this the different how when uh harmony is just perfectly tight, it blends to make one sound. They shall lift up the voice. With the voice together shall they sing. So there's a singing with the voice together shall they sing. And it says, "For they shall see eye to eye." Now that's a eyecatching statement. &gt;&gt; They shall see eye to eye. Many times, "Wow, brother, we're always going to see things differently and we're just looking at it from different angles and and sometimes it's used in such a way to say, well, you're just looking on this side of the mountain and you're looking on the other side." And we think, "No, I don't even think we're on the same continent." I mean, that there I don't I appreciate the positivity. And yet we should believe that there is a unifying process taking place where the God- called men and the bride with her voice sounding out that there's a seeing eye to eye when we recognize who we are. When there's a uniting where there's a common preeminence that with the voice it's lifted up with the voice together they shall sing for they shall see eye to eye. And then here comes this end time type when the Lord shall bring again Zion. Remember in brother Brown has the preview of the bride. It comes again and then goes it comes and then it goes away. But it says we shall bring the bride again. It's going to come in preview again. So that church which has been eaten down. The Lord's going to bring again Zion. He's going to build her up. And with that time there's going to be one voice. The voice is going to be lifted up. They are will sing together with the voice. &gt;&gt; They'll see eye to eye. That's common understanding revelation being given. &gt;&gt; Verse nine. So then this is for all of us. Break forth into joy. Sing together, ye waste places of Jerusalem. For the Lord hath comforted his people. He hath redeemed Jerusalem. Has anybody ever used this scripture for those who live in Tucson? The waste places. They always call us Jericho, but I mean, you got some waste places yourself. The waste places of Jerusalem. For the Lord hath comforted his people. He hath redeemed Jerusalem. Now, think about this end time that we're living in. Think about the principles that brother Brandham is preaching and recognizing your day in its message. Some of these many different things we've shared recently uh in the sermon shalom a and the rapture. We are at the harvest time. This is the time of redemption. This is the time of the rapture. This is shalom. Not so much an evening light as much as a rising sun. &gt;&gt; So it's bride time. It is uniting time. And this is a theme that brother Bham is using in the time of preaching these sermons where he's trying to get everybody to see there's been a changing. It's been the same. It's been the same spirit. It's been the same God. It's been the Holy Ghost through the church ages. But now we're at this junction time. There's a bit change in the beat. And you can't be going in the same old trend. And when brother Brandham's trying to make this point, he comes to this concept of a musical composition. The composition that he uses is Peter and the Wolf. It was composed in 1936 by Sergey Proo Proofv rather. I'm not Russian, forgive me. Salaboga, but he's uh it's about 25 minutes long, so it's not very long. I kind of just threw it out there before the family. Uh should I play it tonight and or this Wednesday night? And nobody bit on it. And I realized maybe that would be a little bit too much of a stretch. Maybe it's one thing to preach on art all year, but then to play Peter and the Wolf on a Wednesday night would be the end of me. But it's a story. They say, I think in some ways it was definitely communist propaganda. Uh but uh it's a story about not being afraid. It was commissioned. He was commissioned to write this for a very specific purpose. There's themes of taming nature and conquering external threats. So you can see how during a cold war that would be maybe appropriate to the Soviet children who are looking at things on the outside as threats and not being afraid of things that would happen. But it is this composition that brother Brandham uses when he's saying that God's word is like a musical composition when he likens it to music or sheet music. This is the one that he refers to the most. And in this composition, Peter and the wolf and and here in a moment, brother John, I'll queue it up when I'm ready for those next slides. But here in this, let me just give a summary first. There are certain characteristics of that piece that I believe Brother Vanam caught. And even he mentions it in there. He says, well, it's this does this and this does that. And he mentions some of the things that stood out to him and it it drew him these characteristics of this piece drew him to use it as an example. Now summarizing it in the actual piece, this composition, this classical piece, there's a narrator uh that tells a Russian folk tale and the tell and he's actually narrating these different pieces about a young boy who lives with his grandfather in the forest and some of the elements and activities that take place. It kind of centers around the tension comes from that antagonist, the wolf, hence Peter and the wolf. And so in the beginning, the narrator explains and this is actually part of the show. This is part of the symphony. The narrator explains uh what instruments are going to be used in the drama, tells you upfront um in which instruments will represent each character. And then one thing that I thought was remarkable especially considering the things that brother Brandham says around this time when he's using these examples is that the story ends with the triumphal procession I think are the words that are used even in the original of each of Peter and all the characters that were in the drama. The each one come in their turn to their music each one after another. In other words, that symmetry, that parallel to what brother Brandham saw in the preview of the bride. So, each character in the story has a particular instrument and a musical theme. Brother Brandham identified this characteristic as what stood out to him because he says, "Oh, well, this instrument identified this animal." And brother John, if you want to just follow with me in this and pay attention to this, but the bird in this composition or this drama is portrayed by a flute. This is the actual sheet music which is played. So all our floutus or floutas taqua whatever we call them they would play the these notes and each one of these symbols would tell you and you can't really read it here but the algro is indicating how it's what the that rhythm or that speed is going to be and the bird is represented by a flute. Their part is different but it's still part of the same sheet music. And then you have and just notice how it visually is represented. A duck is presented by or sounds like is played by an obo. Again, it's different. Seems shorter, maybe smaller. Try to use um a representation of this would be easy to see. But a duck is the instrument of an obo is used to characterize the duck. A cat is played by a clarinet. Not just a clarinet, but playing staccato in a lower register in the lower register. And that's going to convey the character or mimic some sort of uh motion of the cat. The grandfather is portrayed by a bassoon, not a buffoon, a bassoon. And again, the music's different. Even some ways you look at say, "Well, that looks like it's written in a different language and it's all along different bars or different lines." It's done to represent the grandfather. The wolf is portrayed by three horns. Hunters are portrayed by woodwinds and drums. Peter himself by a string quartet. And the shooting, I don't believe I have this slide in there, but the shooting is actually kettle drums and the bass drum. And it indicates there's shots being fired. Now, as those quickly went by your gaze, each character has a part to play. So, they they have some role. They have some part in the narrative. there. If we were looking at in terms of a script, it would say, well, Peter looks like this and Peter's going to do that and Peter's going to do this and Peter's going to do that. But in this way, something's not actually being acted out. We're not talking about the Disney uh Peter and the Wolf. We're talking about a musical composition where what would visually be seen as people playing an instrument and one would be listening to the narrator and those on the instruments would be playing it. And so each character had a part to play and the sound a sound more than just a sound but all those different elements of music were associated with each character. So the composer through his own his own uh thought process uh let's try not to read that one just yet there. So I want you to stay with me before we get there. The the composer chose these instruments for a reason. It's a reason why uh the bassoon is used to portray the grandfather or the the French horns, the wolf, because there's a way that they could be used a certain register, a certain texture or dynamic that could be used to convey that personality or that character of each one of those individuals. So he did did it to convey the nature of the characters. And so each instrument properly mastered and played could express the nature and character individually of what was in that composition. Proop says this about it and this is that slide we had there for a moment. This is what he wrote. It's translated when he when it was being introduced in America and this was provided in the English as kind of a preface to this. He says before an orchestral performance it is desirable to show these instruments to the children and to play on them the corresponding late motifs. So they're saying let them see the instrument how it works what's being used to make the sounds and different notes. You see because this uh is being used for a very specific purpose. And here it is thereby the children learn to distinguish the senorities of the instrument during the performance of this tale. They learn to appreciate. They learn to distinguish and discern the quality, the prominence. They learn it so that whenever they're all playing together, it just doesn't become a bunch of fuss, right? Not just a bunch of racket, but they're like, "Oh, I hear the bird. I hear the cat. I hear this." And they can say, "I know what instrument that is. I know what instrument that this is." So it's done, this entire composition was done for the purpose of teaching distinction for knowing the sounds of different instruments and how they're playing and knowing how they're supposed to be conveyed. I know this may be uh supremely boring for some. So I'm glad you're catching up on your sleep. as the story unfolds as it begins as each one of these instruments says with the bird is played by the flute and there's a that little melody is played out and everyone s hears it but then he says that the narrator begins to tell the story. So now he's telling the story it's been introduced all the different parts and characters are introduced and the narrator tells the story and the narrator foreshadows it. He tells it and then the orchestra illustrates what he just said. the duck is playing and he gives the he he says it he reads it it's already been written and as he reads it and says it then it's played out &gt;&gt; so using their different instruments the orchestra plays that theme to express each character in the story and you may be thinking no one has ever cared that much about Peter and the wolf when they read it in shalom in these different places but I believe it's there for a purpose &gt;&gt; and when you realize ize that brother is like Peter and the wolf. It's acting out of drama. And you go and you look at Peter and the wolf and you realize that it was done to teach. It was done done to understand different distinctions. And brother Brandham in the midst of preaching this is using 1 Corinthians 12. And he's using uh he's using these different 1 Corinthians 14. He's saying there's different sounds, there's different distinctions. We have to know what they are because if you don't catch it, you're not interested in it, you won't recognize your day and its message. Right? And &gt;&gt; if we could look at it this way as the narrator says narrator says something according to the composition, the composer isn't necessarily the narrator, but the one who has the composition and understands it begins to narrate and then in response to the narrator, the musicians play their part. We can look at at this if we use brother Brandham's emphasis. God is the composer. The message is the narrator. And then we as the believer were the orchestra to illustrate it after it has been narrated. &gt;&gt; The message is not be to be read as history. It's to be read as your cue. &gt;&gt; It's to be read as a narration of your life that it says and the bride will do this. You're like, well, here I go. My turn and this will happen. Then you know this is what's happening. So the message is narrating the composition. It's queuing us up for what is next. I believe that pattern could even be said to have proceeded through the ages with each messenger and each star and the candlestick associated with it. Let's just use this one part. I think it's appropriate since it's called Peter and the wolf. The wolf even itself, the composition identifies that antagonist, the one that is feared and despised. This one who is represented, get this spiritual type by three horns, right? You got that unholy trinity, &gt;&gt; got horns. And Ezekiel 22:27, her princes in the midst thereof are like wolves ravening the prey to shed blood and to destroy souls to get dishonest gain. Those in Israel who had become wicked and their understanding defiled, they acted as wolves. Wolves are being characterized negatively here. I stumbled across a whole segment of how to appropriately balance out the negative themes in Peter and the Wolf about wolves with the more positive themes about wolves. Okay, these wolves are ravening. Matthew chapter 7 verse1 15 Jesus says beware of false prophets which come to you in sheep's clothing but inwardly they are ravening wolves wolves in sheep's clothing that's not a fairy tale that's just not a folk tale that's reality &gt;&gt; beware of those false prophets who dress who act who try to play the part but in fact are not that part but they have selfish motives motives. They have things that they desire to gain at your expense. Luke 10:3, "Go your ways. Behold, I send you forth as lambs among wolves." Notice the protagonist, excuse me, the antagonist in Peter and the Wolf, that the villain, the the evil, the bad guy, is portrayed by the wolf &gt;&gt; who is uh has an ominous sound. And it's done in certain ways to try to make it seem like this wolf is cunning and he's he's careful and he's proddding and he's trying to trying to devour and to eat. It even has the theme where the the grandpa is saying, "Hey, look Peter, you got to be careful of the wolf in John 10:12. But he that is a hireling and not the shepherd whose own who who own who's owned the sheep or not seeth the wolf coming and leaveth the sheep and fleth. It's exactly what happens with these false prophets with the hierling. Whenever danger appear they're going to they're going to cover themselves and they're going to cover themselves at the expense of the sheep. And it says the wolf catcheth them and scatterth the sheep. The hireling lets the wolves prey on God's flock. And again, there's that image of the wolf being the hunter, hunting after God's flock. In Acts 20 29, for I know this, that after my departing shall grievous wolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock. They don't care. Going to misuse it. They're going to abuse it. And so this Satan and these false workers, they're all portrayed as working against the believers, fighting as being viewing uh children of God as prey. The wolf is portrayed even in the Peter and the wolf as kind of being sneaky and strong. He moves silently through the trees. He's something to be feared and to be respected. Lock the gate because he's going to try to get in and be careful of what's out there in the dark forest. Peter in 1 Peter chapter 5:8, not Peter and Peter and the wolf, but Peter the apostle, be sober, be vigilant, because your adversary the devil as a roaring lion walketh about seeking whom he may devour. &gt;&gt; He roars. There's a howling like a wolf. He is looking for prey. So this composition we could say as it would a certain image is being created through the use of the musical instrument. Brother Brandham is identifying this when he teaches. Can you recognize what's happening now in the change of the music? You got to know what the music says so that whenever a different instrument starts playing, you can recognize what that is, &gt;&gt; where you're at in the story. &gt;&gt; So you could recognize, ah, now that's the French horn, &gt;&gt; right? You ever heard a human impersonate a French horn? Immediately something's wrong with that or that person. &gt;&gt; Just the screaming and the shrilling and the way that they could make it sound. So there is a there's the sense of oh that is an uncertain sound that that that that's the that's the devil that's Satan that doesn't match that's in the symphony brother said if they don't get it right but it's in your sheet music it's be you're being told but you're able to identify it now this composition we just I think we're pretty close to just being able to sum sum we're almost we're getting somewhere This composition was used by brother Bannam as an example of sheet music and how music is written to help us to understand the end times to the time that we're living in that not only had a change come from the cycle of revival and death. Not only should we be outside of the the the composition and the movements of the church age that are looking to be revived from the cycle of death by another messenger, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; That we don't we don't look for another prophet. We don't look for even a prophet to come and fix what he didn't get right the first time. That there's not he's showing there's been a change in this cycle. there's been a change in the me in the message and the timing to where not only is he saying look this revival of this cycle of revival and death is now being broken in this end time. So not only is he wanting us to recognize there's been a change maybe a transition into Revelations 4, but he also uses it to for us to understand to teach us the importance of knowing the composition and your part in it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. We can't just sit back and say, "Well, not not going to be any more death, brother Eliza. Not going to be any more death." A and just sitting back and just kind of going with the flow. So that whenever there's some kind of fanaticism, we just kind of get caught up in that. And then when everything gets kind of legal, we just get kind of caught up in that. And we're just kind of going with the flow and the movement. And he said, "No, you need to recognize that there's different sounds and different roles and different parts." So you not only recognize the age and the time, but you begin to recognize who you are. in the drama. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; In the feast of the trumpets, he says like Peter and the wolf and the composer has wrote the book and the director must be in the same spirit of the composer. If he don't, he gives the wrong beat and then the whole thing is out. That's what's the matter today. We got too many directors not in the spirit of the composer. &gt;&gt; They say the denomination, well, we believe this. Well, you can just use whatever language you want to use, but too many chiefs, right? too many chefs in the kitchen, whatever analogy you want to use, but he says too many directors not in the spirit of the composer. So, the duplicity or the numerous directors is fine as they're all as long as they're all in the spirit of the composer. Not what you say. It's not what you no matter what you say the Bible is right. Beat it out according to the sheet music right here before it. Then the great symphony of God's great act is playing out just right. Then we can see the hour in where we are standing. &gt;&gt; When the directors are not in the spirit of the composer and they're ad libing a little bit saying, "Well, I think this would sound good here and I think this will sound good there." A and they're kind of changing it and they're adding in their own vocalization. They're wanting to put in their own bass track to it or they're wanting to use autotune and and get the pitch to different ways. There's a way that they're manipulating it and contriving it to fit their own narratives. And brother man says that's there's too many that are doing that. The Bible is right. Let it be played according to the word and then God's great symphony will be portrayed and we'll see where we are. &gt;&gt; I want to emphasize this in my closing. We need to learn the music. &gt;&gt; We need to understand the overall composition. It's why it's important that we be reading our Bibles. That's why it's important that you should still have an appetite to understand the message of God because we want to know the music as a whole. &gt;&gt; We want to understand the composition and God's mind and God's purpose. Opening up the the the things in the back part of God's mind. We're not just zeroing in on one detail. Well, I got this movement figured out. Watch what I can play. What's that one song where and man if you're 13 years old you're like woo this is awesome listen to what I can do come over here help me play this right it's like it's time to get out of those blinders on this works for me and this sounds good and recognize well how does that fit into the overall composition &gt;&gt; I'd say more importantly so well let me say it this way our part. If I'm saying that you have a part, our part depends upon the part of others. &gt;&gt; So, it's important that we recognize who we are in the way that we that we should endeavor to appreciate these other characters that are part of the drama. &gt;&gt; So, our part depends on somebody else playing their part. So we should appreciate how your part may be different than somebody else's part, &gt;&gt; but that it's all necessary in order for it to sound the way that it's supposed to sound. So as you the more you learn about the body of Christ, the more you learn about the word, more you learn about God's purpose and his heart and you read the scripture and you listen to the message of the hour, you're understanding the overall composition and you're being able to identify as the children would in that symphony. This is an obo. This is a bassoon. These these are French horns and these are the stringed instruments. These are the woodwinds and they represent this character and they represent that character and they begin to recognize distinctions because remember if you don't have distinction you don't have music. &gt;&gt; If you don't have differences you don't have a beautiful sound. So you have to begin to recognize those different sounds. &gt;&gt; But most importantly we need to know our part &gt;&gt; and how it fits in the composition and our timing in it. &gt;&gt; Amen. Even in the gifts, brother Brandham addressing the gifts. He was saying, "Well, we're not going to uh we're not going to take the gifts out of the church because they're in the word." &gt;&gt; Show me where they put them in. Show me where he put them out. But he does show that there's a certain rhythm, a certain timing, and there's a place for it. And he shows uh ho how prominent it should be, how it should be emphasized, how it should be used, what what we could be able to recognize when it's being inordinately used or wrongly emphasized. And so, yeah, some make the mistake of saying, "Wow, they're done with and they're done away with." And I had a brother, a pastor one time tell me, you know, that uh you know, when you're courting somebody and you uh and you uh you want you want to marry them, then you give them an engagement ring and you give them gifts. But then when you marry them, you don't need the gifts anymore. And you know, I guess I realized in that moment that I was growing up because I wanted to say, "Your wife threw away your engagement ring you gave her. She went back and threw away everything you gave her while you recording her." So the the type doesn't really work that way. But there does become this reality that there is one present which is Christ. And yes, there are still gifts, but the place that those gifts have to the point where brother Bam says they ought they should not be used in a manner that interferes with the word. &gt;&gt; And so he was placing them where they ought to be used within a church service. And well, I think that we should let me say this. There's a lot of things that we honor in the message of the hour because brother Brandham said it and we honor it because he said it. But it's amazing how sometimes we just can bull right past something say, "Well, every church is sovereign. Our deacons should be able to beat up whoever they want. Every church is sovereign." So, we have to know our part, appreciate these differences, and recognize that there's a placing. Sometimes these things find their place. In the sermon shalom paragraph 169 he says so we have these times of symphonies of the symphony of God's word that the whole drama changes you who are interested listen for that change. It's so beautiful how he preaches and preaches and preaches and to me it's like he's preaching like upper level courses in the message. It's like this is such a distinct departure of pre-sills and this is kind of the outflow of everything that he went through through that summer. Christ is the mystery of God revealed and even coming to some of those sermons he begins to preach and then uh souls in prison now but then look away to Jesus. &gt;&gt; Some of these just landmark sermons at the end of 63. So now he's kind of ventured out with this caution. Can't say too much. Don't explain too much. This is where you made your mistake in the first pool and the second pool. But now that we know what it is and what it does, a and we're thoroughly convinced, it's thoroughly identified, thoroughly vindicated. Now the narrator knows exactly what's happening, but he's very careful not to give the whole plot away. He's very careful not to explain too much, but he's under a commission. And so he tells you, if you're interested, listen for the change. &gt;&gt; You know it's getting close. You hear the way the drums are beating. Want something to happen. You know, this is a change. It's going to break out into a burst in a few minutes. It's using that thought of a of uh music. There's some songs, and I would venture to say that many of us, if not all of us, could probably identify it in some songs that you listen to the song, and some of them kind of have a real predictable pattern where you have your verse, chorus, verse, chorus, bridge, and you just know it's coming. But you can hear how a song builds and the architecture building a song where it starts out with this and this starts coming in and then something kind of blends in the background and you could tell by the momentum of that song that when they come out of that one course there's maybe a chord change or beat or something changes where you know now it's going into a bridge. It's not just changing. And if you've just now figured out that I'm doing all this preaching so we could be a little bit more on time as singers, follow the song leader and the musicians and stop going in all these different directions, you found me out. But it's been fun. We've learned some things along the way. But there's a way that you listen and you're interested. You know, oh, something's getting to change. &gt;&gt; Something's changing. And I I I love it especially and with good singing in a choir when they can make the chord change and they can all change to a different key. They can take it that step higher even a half step and the piano player doesn't have to stop and go and everybody goes right. They just know how to do it. He says you know it's going to change. It's going to burst forth in a few minutes and you're watching for it. You can tell the ways are drum the drums are timing. Oh God, if you can hear the drums of the finish now, if you can hear the echo of the music of the heavenly word singing itself out, it shall come to pass in the last days. &gt;&gt; Church, listen. Listen to the change. Listen to the change of the rhythm, the change of the music. Be interested in it. The symphony of God's great drama that he's playing, it changes him, &gt;&gt; his symphony at the junctions. the composer and those who are interested. Listen for the change. &gt;&gt; That's what all this stuff is to us. We're listening. We're watching &gt;&gt; all this stuff. All these things he's preaching. If you go and listen, this is paragraph 169. Go back and listen to the first part. Preaches it again a week later. Listen to that first part. It's so if I was to tell you, oh, you need to listen to shalom. Those two sermons. Shalom. It's really brother Brandham uses music and musical composition. You might be straining it for a while and you might give up after a while and say, "Well, he never did get to the story." It's because he uses it at the end to kind of make his point in a very subtle way of where we are today. In Acts chapter 2, mentioned unity is so important. Let me just go through this very fast. Before the Holy Spirit poured out upon those gathered in the upper room, they were all with one accord, with one mind, with one purpose. They were had a unified passion. With one accord, it's a very unique Greek word. It's used 12 times in the New Testament. 10 times it's used in the book of Acts, I believe, for a reason. I've already said this before. The image is musical. Many different sounding notes, harmonizing, many different pitches, many different tones. There's no chaos. There's no disorder. It was harmonious. It was beautiful. It's even expressed in even in some ways as a paradox where they come out of the upper room speaking to some unknown tongues but to others music to their ears. So it's like the instruments as brother Bam's saying in a great orchestra or symphony under the direction of a conductor. It's the same image that we could say they were all with one accord. The Holy Ghost is blending even now blending our lives together. uses our differences. It uses our distinctions to harmonize them to fulfill God's word. In Acts chapter 4:32, it says, "And the multitude of them that believed were of one heart and of one soul. Neither said any of them that ought of the things which he possessed was his own." Nobody, listen, in the first church, we're being restored back to a book of Acts, right? &gt;&gt; Nobody claimed that the cars in the parking lot, even Teslas, were their own. We could all use them if we wanted to. It's the way it was in the first church. But they had all things in common. I think this sometimes is really misunderstood. I think my my dad, brother David, is probably a good example of what the misconception is. Is let's all live in the same house and wear the same clothes and eat the same food and have the same long hair and and make everything in common. And what do you make? You make a commune and you become a cult. unult. &gt;&gt; And that's what you become when you don't understand your part. Because when it says they had all things in common, it doesn't mean they all became carbon copies. &gt;&gt; Something very beautiful about the reality that we are all originals, that we're not all just copies of an original. Because if you're there's a way that you just being a print that the more that is printed a print of a copy the more it begins to be distributed into and to the market and the more people that have it in reality it's really diminishing the value of the copies but God is such a master artist to where we are all originals &gt;&gt; because we're all part of the same composition. &gt;&gt; No oneoffs in this. And when they had all things in common they weren't just robots. They weren't just uh it wasn't all just homogyny, but they're and they weren't just all the same, but their unique gifts and their unique qualities had to be preserved. And when it says that nobody claimed that what they had was their own, it meant that there was some sharing of it with others so that there was this harmony in give and take. &gt;&gt; There it wasn't that, well, everything I have is yours. And everybody's like, awesome. That guy's pretty rich. He's got everything. We don't need I don't even need to work cuz this guy he makes shoes and this guy cooks this and he has eggs and I I but no everyone had something to give so that in the exchanging and the sharing they were all one. &gt;&gt; There was a blending together of different qualities and different gifts. So Paul admonishes the Corinthian church that we should all speak the same thing that there be no divisions among you perfectly joined together in the same mind and the same judgment. The language that he uses there in first Corinthians is that we'd be in perfect harmony and full agreement. No dissensions or factions or division divisions among you, but perfectly united in your common understanding in a symphony. One piece, whether it be a horn or whether it be another instrument or a percussion. It it may be beautiful and inspiring on its own on its own. Or it may seem really odd. Have you ever been listening to music being played in another room and it's just kind of filtered out just enough to where you're hearing something like, "Oh my goodness, &gt;&gt; that guitar player's out of tune. What What is that?" You don't hear the whole thing. You only hear that one part. And then when you get in a room where you can hear all of it, it almost disappears and it goes, "Oh, that's beautiful." So something on its own could be beautiful, could be inspiring, or it could be horrible. But when the whole thing gets together, every instrument, the woodwinds, the the strings, the brass, the percussions, they all work together in unison, it produces something greater than the individual part. &gt;&gt; Makes some of the most beautiful sounds. I told brother Michael I'd credit his grandpa, brother Lonnie, for this, but brother Michael shared with me on Sunday the different definitions of being composed. Something be can be composed wherein you write or create a work of art. But then to be composed also means you're in control of your emotions. You're in control of your feelings. You've composed yourself. You're going to respond properly. You're not going to blurt out. You're not going to get out of place. You're not going to interrupt somebody else. And I think this is what it speaks to when we all should be of one heart and one soul. We don't all have the same part. But when one someone else h someone else has their part, you're supporting them. &gt;&gt; You've made a good you've laid a good foundation for them. &gt;&gt; That's that's how we should feel as a as people who sing, as people who play, as congregants that were we're I'm supporting this person. I want to make it easier for them to do their job. When you hear their part and they're getting their their recognition and they're rejoicing, then you know your part's coming. Paul said, "Because when we all suffer, when one suffers, we all suffer." &gt;&gt; So it's those distinctions. Again, in the beginning, part of my inspiration is that if we don't have distinctions and differences, we don't have music. But being disunified and separate, we still have noise. But if we could come together and be united together and find our part, as it says in 1 Corinthians chapter 12, that God hath tempered the body together. It means he's united all these different parts one to another to create one structure. He's caused several different parts, harmony parts, rhythm parts, instruments, chords, and notes into one structure. Musicians, if you could come. And he says, there ought not to be any schism in the body because by one spirit, you've been baptized into one body and now being in one body. By one bread, we're all partakers of that one bread, we become part of one body. He says, "Let there be no schism, no division, no disunityity." excism is to tear apart to take a cloth rip into separate pieces. My title was your moment. And I that's what we ought to be desiring to understand is who who am I? Not selfishly, but who I who am I in the composition? I want to play my part. And what the devil does and what the world does, he tried to break things up, make us feel insufficient, insecure. But Paul says that there should be there is no unnecessary or independent part of the body. &gt;&gt; The foot can't just say, you know what, I've been holding you guys up for a long time. I'm going to leave. I I I I I don't I'm tired of being stepped used to step on. I'm tired of this. I'm tired of that. You know, the the finger can't say, "I'm tired of going in your nose. I'm getting out of here." There it's it's stuck. &gt;&gt; It's part of the body. And so, likewise, we should not think of the body and our part in the body as being unnecessary or think that we can be independent. I believe that's the the great sin of how the devil gets us kind of worked out and to to the side and and we make different mistakes because we start to think independently of how we fit within the overall purpose of God's word even as it relates to church, our participation in local church, our attendance, our paying tithes, our our lending support or being conscious of the needs. Those are ways that we begin to function independently. reminds me today I was supposed to bring greetings to you from brother Israel Escalante who wanted to say he loves you. He's the one that cut my hair today. Isn't it beautiful? And he's he he just sh was sharing his testimony today in the presence of the Lord came and he's crying and glad he had a towel over my face cuz I knew I wasn't going to get hit with anything. But my tears start welling up. And part of the testimony was just how necessary it is. How Satan tries to get you out away and vulnerable. And that's when things start going into a tail spin. But as it relates to God's composition, the sheet music, there's no parts that are despendable, expendable. Say, ah, who needs that? Bass soon. We could tell this story without that. Oh, who needs this? It's all necessary. Using the analogy of the human body, there are no tonsils and there is no appendix. One medical dictionary said, "An appendix serves no function in humans and is thought to be a remnant of our primitive past. And if that doesn't just weak of modern religion. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Yeah. Well, there's really no need for that. Uh that was part of our primitive past as Christians and we've evolved. There is no necessary distinction among genders. What's gender anyways? Something. It's just a remnant of this and a remnant of that. That's modern religion. Unable to reconcile differences. What they do is they just remove what is necessary or create unnecessary things because they don't recognize the composition, how God's composed the body, how it all fits together. Because in God's design, every part contributes to the health of the whole body. I've got a number of scriptures I could read to you, but they all work together in proportion and symmetry and function. Even those parts you don't see or that are uncommonly. He says God uses them to produce a greater beauty. the body of Christ and you as an individual should be unified, tempered together, fused together into one harmonious whole. And you may not feel like much. You may not feel like you've got a great part, but every part is necessary. God's watched out over the symphony. He's wrote every movement. And he comes to a time where now to represent the end times. He chooses a piece that has no movements that follows takes its momentum from the beginning and through the whole story. Each part's played out and then there's a triumphal procession and one of the characters in the duck in the original Peter and the Wolf is eaten alive by the wolf. And so as there's a great procession of all and they're coming each character is coming and the wolf has been vanquished and he's being held by the hunters and as they come through the pro procession each one being represented by their music and the sound and the drums are foreshadowing who's next to at that point you almost don't even need the narrator but the very end there's a a distinct sound that if you're not listening for it and you're not interested in it you'll miss it and the nar narrator says, "Listen, what is that you hear? It's the sound of the duck who's still yet alive, though it looks like though the wolf ate him cuz the wolf ate him alive." It's going to be a resurrection. Those that went before, they're they're still going to live. And so when we look at God's composition, when we look at this great symphony that God has watched out over and he's watched, he's conducted and he's governed it all the way down to this very moment that you're living in right now. And whatever instrument you play, even the way that I've thought about it quite often is, let's just say that all you have is I think it's called an angle. It might be called a triangle, but all you have is all you have is an angle. and you're sitting there and and you go through every part, every part and you're just sitting there. Enjoy the symphony. Stay pay attention cuz there's going to come a moment where your time comes &gt;&gt; and the conductor is going to give you the look and the drums are going to give you the signal and it's going to be your moment. Ding. &gt;&gt; And some people may think, well, that was that seemed to be pretty insignificant. not to the composer. &gt;&gt; It's your moment. &gt;&gt; It's a beautiful thing that God's doing in this end time. Look at it. Read it with an eye to what is happening in this day and age. Not a not a history lesson, not a musical lesson, but an opening of our understanding. Brother Brandham didn't watch the Disney Peter and the Wolf and all of a sudden say, "Well, I'm going to see if I can shoehorn this in a little bit for the youngsters." Something was quickened to the prophet to use something for us to grasp. what's happened in this hour. &gt;&gt; Stay in your lane, learn your role, right? Hike your own hike. Whatever analogy you want to use, you have an opportunity to do your part. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's stand and pray together. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, at the close of this service. I pushed it maybe past uh my own comfort level in terms of time, but I'm grateful that I've been able to deliver this to such a wonderful audience. I ask Lord that through what may seem to be the minutia of music and chords and history and even on a Wednesday night Lord I know people are tired and their bodies are weary and they're here and I I'd rather them be here even if they do doze off a little bit than just forsaking their posted duty and not being at church. So forgive me Lord if it's inappropriate to just call out the weariness. I mean no offense by it but I do believe there's something important in these things that we don't want to miss. He said if we're wide awake we'd catch it. The emphasis tonight was those who are listening, those who are interested, they'll catch it. Lord, we are too distracted by a distraction. We're led astray. We miss our parts. We miss our queue. But you're always faithful to cycle back around. When the bride was came back in view again to her music, marching in beaten, this great symphony wherein she ascends, there's no other movement. Leodysia descends into chaos. The bride ascends into heaven. She begins to rise. She gets a little bit out of step. But there is the word of God, the director, the Holy Spirit, the narrator, the conductor saying, "Get back in step." Lord, sometimes our timing is off. May we use that half measure, whatever it takes to get back in step. Bless your people tonight for their diligence, their faithfulness, their fortitude to listen to these things and the way it's taught. And I trust that they'll be benefited by it as you use it. Lord, we ask all this in the name of Lord Jesus Christ.
