################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-15 - Preying on Ignorance - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-15
Title:   Preying on Ignorance
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h9vvfC7KcJg
========================================

Description:
Preying on Ignorance
Wednesday Service: October 15, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
We've been ministering on the subject of gardening, even even using the concept of the art of gardening or gardening as an art and how there's been something eternal planted inside of us. And it's our desire to see that grow. And a lot of that kind of flowed from the idea of a prelude where you give forethought and vision. It's that forecasting of seeds and the sewing of seeds to bring it to that ultimate climax and conclusion. We should see that individually in our own lives, but then also we see it in the big picture of God sewing the word and even the rapture. And so we're continuing on some of those themes, but tonight um you know, I really wish maybe this subject would be good on a Sunday morning when everybody's here. Uh but I'm really wanting to address very specific things that we ought to be doing as believers and things that are very important for us to overcome in this hour. Proverbs 24:30. I went by the field of the slothful, and by the vineyard of the man void of understanding, and lo, it was all grown over with thorns, and nettles had covered the face thereof, and the stone wall thereof was broken down. Then I saw and considered it well. I looked upon it, and received instruction. Yet, a little sleep, a little slumber, a little folding of the hands to sleep. So shall thy poverty come as one that travelth and thy want as an armed man. Amen. You can be seated. I'm going to use a title that kind of is a little bit of uh double meaning in it and some phrasing that I hope can make some sense as we continue. But it's praying on ignorance. Uh praying on ignorance. And I'm really going to drill down on this idea of this being void of understanding or ignorance. uh but just praying on it. Obviously, I'm suggesting that if there's ignorance, it can be taken advantage of. If you look at verse 30 and what we've read already, he says, "I went to the field of the slothful." We know that is the lazy. And by the vineyard of the man void of understanding, that one that is in need of understanding. So, they they don't have the proper knowledge. And lo, it was all grown over with thorns, and nettles had covered the face thereof, and the stone wall thereof was broken down. Then I saw and considered it well. I looked upon it and received instruction. I want to take these two characters together, the slothful and the man void of understanding. And we could even maybe some uh guess that he's referring to the same field and to the same person. But this one that is void of understanding and lacks knowledge or is in need of wisdom and understanding. uh the the word for ignorance even in the Latin the root is from the word which means to not know that's what we mean by ignorance you don't know something and the ignorance here that I'm referring to when I say praying on ignorance I want to take it from this standpoint of one that's void of understanding but it implies not knowing something that you ought to have known that this is a man that planted a field he planted a vineyard but then he's void of understanding in other words he ought to have known the requirements he ought to known the burden. He might ought to have known or had been taught or had seen an example of something. And so I believe it's evident in Proverbs 24 that there's some willful ignorance. In other words, nature should have taught him something, life taught him something or there's some uh uh laziness where he's not being proactive and it results in destruction. In Proverbs 1:es 27, 28, and 29, it says, 'When your fear cometh as desolation, and your destruction cometh as a whirlwind, when distress and anguish cometh upon you, then shall they call upon me, but I will not answer. Focus on these verses tonight as I read these things. I'm actually going to use a larger context in some places just so that you can see the the very principle that I'm wanting to identify how it exists within this broader context that is so important and full of a lot of instruction. But here it's saying that when your fear and destruction comes and remember if you sew to the wind you reap a whirlwind. So there had been some sowing there had been some lack of attentiveness the slothful the man void of understanding. When destruction comes and desolation comes, then you cry out and he says, "I will not answer." We can gather from this that they waited until destruction came to cry. That there hadn't been this crying out before destruction. They waited till this last moment say, "Oh no, help." And he says, "They shall seek me early, but they shall not find me." Seek me early would imply that maybe they rise up early in their anxiety and their fear and they look to the Lord. Lord, desolations come upon me. uh this whirlwind's come upon me. But then he says this, for they hated knowledge and did not choose the fear of the Lord. We know that the fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. And there's a lot that we could look at in terms of reverencing God and respecting him and fearing him. But this attitude that they hated knowledge. And because they hated knowledge, there's some willful ignorance. They didn't seek it. They didn't desire it. They didn't look um in all their getting, they didn't get understanding. And ignorance creates a void that will be filled by unrighteousness. The fact that they hated knowledge created this void where whirlwind could come in, distress and anguish and destruction and fear could come in because they hated knowledge. And where there's ignorance, not only is there this void that wickedness and unrighteousness can fill, but it becomes a weakness or a vulnerability that can be exploited. Again, more scriptures on this idea of ignorance. And my title, praying on ignorance. I'm wanting to just briefly in this outset emphasize just how dangerous it is to be ignorant. And I'm not using that in a term, well, you're stupid or you're dumb in those terms, but one who ought to know or one who's been taught but doesn't like to retain these things in their knowledge or one that doesn't truly seek to understand. Hosea 4:es 1 and 2. Hear the word of the Lord, ye children of Israel. For the Lord hath a controversy with the inhabitants of the land. He has a complaint. Because there is no truth, nor mercy, nor knowledge of God in the land. So because there is a lack of knowledge of God, there cannot be truth. There cannot be mercy. By swearing and lying and killing and stealing and committing adultery, they break out and blood toucheth blood. The second verse tells us the impact of ignorance. The fact that they did not have a knowledge of God. There could not be truth. There could not be mercy. And it leads to swearing, lying, killing, stealing, and committing adultery. They break out. Blood toucheth blood. Where there is ignorance, where there's a lack of understanding, wisdom, or knowledge, there's weakness, there's vulnerability. Where there is no knowledge, it creates this vacuum for wickedness to fill. Swearing, lying, killing, stealing, committing adultery, this breaking out, blood, touching blood. You can say, well, why do these things happen in the void of tr where there's no truth? Where there's a lack of understanding, where there's some area where there's this emptiness or this vanity, that's where um these destructions and this distress and anguish can come into that void and fill it. So he says this in verse 6, Hosea 4:6. This is uh speaking to verse one. My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge. I know this is a scripture that I often quote and I don't say this at all because I have degrees. We have doctors among us who have many degrees. And so this isn't a petting of the of the person who's been able to achieve things academically. This is what he said in verse one, the knowledge of God. My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge. Not because they didn't have street smarts. Not because they didn't know how to do shrewd business deals. They didn't retain God in their knowledge. They didn't keep the word, hide the word in their heart as they were told to bind it upon their heart, their doorpost and keep it always before them. There was ways that the word was to stay fresh. It says, "Because thou hast rejected knowledge, notice the consequence again of this ignorance, I will also reject thee. The vineyard of the man void of understanding, it was the walls were torn down, the nettles and gr uh uh thorns grew over and choked out the fruit thereof." So he says, "You reject knowledge, I will reject thee. That thou shalt be no priest to me. Seeing thou hast forgotten the law of thy God, I will also forget thy children." Now that's hard. &gt;&gt; But we could say you can't say you weren't warned. &gt;&gt; Consequences in the scripture for not following God's obedience. I've been studying the book of Ruth lately and just reading over uh in that story and how Aimilec when he left uh that land of famine, he he he left in opposition to God's word because the reason of the famine was disobedience. &gt;&gt; And you can't run into Moab thinking you're going to escape God's judgments because God said, "I'll if you keep me before you, I'll bless you in that land." And so the famine was God's judgments. So not retaining that in his knowledge to say, "Wait a minute. God promised us in this land that we would have grain and we would have honey and we'd have these things." The reason why we don't have it is we're not calling on the Lord. And you should have turned to God that God could bless him. And here the people do not seek them. They run after their own flesh. They sow to the wind. And then when they begin to reap the world went, "Oh, help us. Help us. Help us." He says, "Had you sought knowledge? If you had sought me and not just help in your time of need, but were you truly seeking me in the knowledge of God? You hated knowledge. You rejected knowledge. Therefore, God, the consequence is to those and even their children. My people are destroyed. It means they perish. They're cut off from God or brought to silence. And the silence not only impacts those who consciously rejected knowledge, but their children after them. Now, if we could uh move move forward in this and just see very quickly because personally there's a lot here that we could continue to mine out on knowledge, wisdom, understanding, and and the the consequence of of ignorance. But in 2 Corinthians chapter 2 11, Paul talking about forgiveness and being able to forgive one another and how it's necessary to forgive because it's something that the devil will exploit. He said, "Lest Satan should get an advantage of us, for we are not ignorant of his devices." Remember, overcoming is recognizing the devil in every one of his tricks. So, these are Satan's devices. He looks to where there's unforgiveness in your heart, where there's bitterness, where there's a grudge, where there's a complex or envy. And what he will do is he will take advantage of that. &gt;&gt; Paul is saying, we know how Satan works. Satan's always looking for an exploitable advantage. Satan will take uh advantage of any complex weakness. And so what I say here is Satan will take advantage of ignorance. He will exploit a lack of knowledge. Now I'm I'm wanting to continue on this, Lord willing, on Sunday and even maybe next Wednesday uh as I just have it in my heart kind of these three particular areas to address. But if you don't know something about your Bible, Satan will start right there. &gt;&gt; If you don't know something about the message or the messenger, Satan can start right there. &gt;&gt; Because where there's a lack of knowledge, he could present something to you anyway he wants. And if you don't have the the anchor, the typost or the the genuine to compare to, you can just receive the lie as the truth and say, "Wow, I had no idea that's what the Bible taught. I cannot believe I've been believing this this whole time. And the devil I I want to say this uh because I really wrestle with just exactly how to say this in terms of praying on ignorance. Listen and take this into your heart. If your children aren't here, find a way to share this with your children. If there's people who aren't here, uh if our neighbor in apartment next door needs to hear this, share it with them. What the devil wants to do is make you feel stupid for believing God. He make he wants to make you feel stupid for believing the message. I can't believe I believe that. I can't believe I was so stupid to follow that. You know, that's how the devil works. &gt;&gt; That's how he wants to get you to think. So, what is he praying on when he does it? He's praying on ignorance. &gt;&gt; The Bible says that that's how the spirit works. Taking these women who are laden with sins and burdened with sins, he takes them silly and he leads them away by their lust. what he's able to capitalize on a complex or weakness and make you feel dumb because you believe something when in reality he's capitalizing on something that's lacking truly when it's by faith you've already learned man it this is foolishness to the world but I know right where I'm standing Satan will try to take advantage of a lack of knowledge or understanding in 1 Peter chapter 5 6-9 humble yourselves and if If you're jotting down notes, maybe take this word here, humility. Humble yourselves, therefore, under the mighty hand of God that he may exalt you in due time. So, it takes a lowering of yourself to be exalted. Notice through this humility, we now unbburdened ourselves. We cast all our cares upon him. Casting all your care upon him, for he carth for you. So, as you are brought low, it's our burdens that will bring us low. David and the psalmist often wrote about, I cleave to the earth and I'm out of breath. Why? because the heaviness, the weight, I can't even look up. So, as we humble ourselves before God because of our weakness, cast your cares upon him, for he cared for you. Then also be sober, be vigilant because your adversary, the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about seeking whom he may devour. He makes due use of every opportunity. He's more opportunistic than we are. He more often takes advantage of opportunity than we do. I know I just repeated myself just using different words, but you might have found the emphasis necessary. We we we live under the blessings of God. We are seated in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. The Pentecostal skies are full of biblical blessings. We have everything made available to us through redemption. All those benefits of the atonement and those blessings that are in the atonement. But how often do we not reach for them? How often do we take second best or we reach out for these other worldly ideals or pursue things that never satisfy when God has made everything available to in his word and we can access it by faith. And if we took the same approach to God's blessings as Satan does to trying to curse you, we'd be pretty blessed because the Bible says he walks about. He never sleeps looking for an opportunity to devour you. And he does this not as a lion that has the ability but or as literally a lion but one who thinks he's a lion as a lion whose only power is when you yield it to him. &gt;&gt; And here we are who have absolute power according to the word of God or by the word of God and faith in God's word. And yet we don't resist the devil as it says that we ought to do. But our adversary walks about seeking for an opportunity to bring distress and anguish to destroy your hedge to destroy your vineyard. So therefore he says whom resist steadfast in the faith knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are in the world. Notice these elements humble yourselves. Cast your cares. So there's this first submission. Submission without resistance without submission is futile. also he says resist in the faith but first having submitted before the mighty hand of God casting our cares upon him because we had this adversary resist the devil who prays on weakness and as I continue tonight and I'm going to want to use something very specific I'm I'm wanting to address vulnerabilities that the world flesh and the devil will take advantage of to weaken your faith in the that if we have if Satan has been made powerless, he's if he's been stripped of every power that he had over the believer on at Calvary, then there's only a certain amount of power he the power that he would have over us is only to the extent that we must allow it. And if we allow it, surely we're doing it through ignorance. Surely we wouldn't say, "Oh, no. I want him just to run rough shot over me. I want him to drive me to lust. I want him to drive me to hate. I want him to drive me to do these things." No. What do we often find ourselves saying, Lord, I don't want to be driven to do these things that a Christian shouldn't do. But we've set ourselves up as a target because we believe in God. When you are receive the Holy Ghost, you set yourself as a target to be driven some minor things and driven to do things that a believer ought not to do. Therefore, you need God's protection. &gt;&gt; You need God's help. And so, he's looking for an exploitable advantage. He prays on weakness. And so in these next few services, I'm wanting to look at these vulnerabilities or these weaknesses that the devil takes advantage of to ultimately take away your strength or weaken your faith in the word of God. James 1:es 2-6 says, "My brethren, count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptations." Now, you might read that and be like, "Oh, man, that's great because today I was tempted to watch a movie I knew I shouldn't watch, and yesterday I was tempted to listen to Taylor Swift's new album." And you're thinking, "These are very diverse temptations." That's not what he's referring to. But it's the trying of your faith. It's not the falling into it, but that attack against your faith. My brethren, count it all joy when you fall into diverse temptations, knowing this. So notice recognize that there's a knowledge requirement uh that if we're going to count it joy there it must it must presuppose this knowledge that the trying of your faith workketh patience. So we must know that faith tried works patience and but let patience have a perfect work that you may be perfect and entire wanting nothing. We know that patience when it is tested, when it's tried, that God's will for us is to be pa tested. And God's will for us be in perfection, it's his will that we would suffer. And that when we suffer and we take it patiently, it brings forth and produces this great character. So, we're to count it joy when we suffer, knowing first this knowledge requirement that the trying of your faith, that this faith being tried has value in it. And then verse five, if any of you lack wisdom, I'm not trying to expand this beyond the bounds of what the scripture intends, but if anybody is void of understanding, if you do not have knowledge, if you're ignorant, let him ask of God that giveth to all men liberally and upgradeth not, and it shall be given him. We are taught to ask for wisdom, to ask for wisdom, knowledge, and understanding. The Bible says with all that, you know, with all you're getting, get understanding. If you're seeking after something, seek for wisdom first. We're taught in the Proverbs to seek after wisdom, to treasure it, to value it. And here it says, if you lack wisdom, I want to say knowledge, wisdom, understanding, then ask God for it. &gt;&gt; And he'll give and he's not going to laugh at you when you ask. I know sometimes we say there's no stupid questions and then somebody asks something then it really tries that definition. H but truly to God this this can never he'll never laugh at you. He'll never mock you. God give me wisdom. God's not ever going for everything I've already taught him. He'd say he's learning something. It pleases God. When Solomon asked for wisdom that pleased God. So he says, "But let him ask in faith." So we must know that the trine of our faith works patience. We must ask God for wisdom if we lack it. But we must ask in faith, not wavering. For he that waverth is like a wave of the sea driven with the wind and tossed. That's that double-minded man in some instability. Now, this brings me to this first thing I'm wanting to address. In light of the fact that the devil prays on ignorance and that he he'll take advantage of vulnerabilities or weaknesses, the Bible says, "Ask in faith." This is this act of imploring, in treating or petitioning God. The word we may use is pray. Pray to God for wisdom. To pray means to ask earnestly. Have have you ever thought about what the opposite of prayer is? You want to break out into sessions. We can get group leaders. We can um hotwash this or whatever it is we do with corporate speak and kind of come to a decision as to what the opposite of prayer is. But I'd like you to think about this. But this is the conclusion I came to. The opposite of praying is ignoring. The opposite of praying isn't saying, "Well, I know I need wisdom." And saying, "God, don't give me wisdom." That's not the opposite of praying. The opposite of prayer here would be to know that you need wisdom and not ask for it. The opposite of praying is ignoring or inaction. If you lack, ask. If you don't have, ask. Pray. and fold your hands and close your eyes to petition and pray, not sleep. Why? Because a little folding of the hands, a little closing of the eyes, and a little slumber, right? Man, I know I should tend to my garden. Man, I know I don't have Oh my goodness, I'm in a lot of trouble. I'm going to take a nap. Right? What do we do sometimes when we're anxious? We just want to sleep. A and and at the best time of the day is when we're sleeping because then at least you know whatever torment we have in our sleeps we can just count it as a nightmare but then you wake up and it's all there all the pressures. So instead of just sleeping it away or eating it away God help us is pray fold the hands close the eyes and pray. If you lack, ask. Because the opposite of praying is ignoring. And both ignorance and ignoring have their same root in the same Latin word that the that God pray the devil praying on ignorance is actually just praying on your ignoring. To ignore is to not know. Ignorance is to not know. That's what it originally meant. Now we kind of the evolution of the term ignoring means like this intentional willful kind of rejection or turning away. But it's essentially is the same thing when God presents knowledge or truth or an opportunity shows you I lack something. I lack something. When you ignore it and don't ask according to the need that's ignorance. So I I I I think that if I could say it this way, I'm encouraging each one of you as individuals and even us as families to encourage prayer, encourage family prayer, to be deliberate about it, to be intentional about growth or that which lacks. And we say, well, where do we start? But then where do we start? We haven't done this ever and this had to happen, that's happening, this is happening. We can start with prayer. If you lack something in your life and you say, "Well, I don't know how to make this happen." Start with prayer. Lord, I need wisdom. What do you need wisdom for? Lord, I lack the discipline in my life to do these things. Lord, I I lack overcoming power when it comes to this. Lord, I lack direction. In other words, you're coming before the Lord. And you're being honest with him to say, "Lord, I lack wisdom. Give me wisdom." It's not a matter of closing your eyes and folding your hands and saying, "Lord, I got a lot of problems. Help me, man." Right? But it's praying, asking earnestly. That's what prayer is, to ask earnestly. I heard a prayer one time over food. It was God's meat. Let's eat. Those are just two. That's a statement and then a command. Essentially, we want to be earnest with our prayers. In Romans 12:es 9-113 looking at this there's just four words I that would draw you to this particular passage or reading in these next several verses but I wanted to read these things that are around it so you can see just how important it is within the context. Let love be without hypocrisy. Let your love be without dissimulation. In order for it to be non-hypocritical, you must hate, reject, abhore that which is evil and cle to adhere yourself to that which is good. True love requires discernment between good and evil. So we should always be praying that our discernment is perfected more and more. That we w would not want to call things that are evil good, nor good things evil. We want to let our love not be hypocritical to reject evil. Embrace good. Be kindly affection one to another with brotherly love. That's an important thing that we must be uh sensitive and kind to one another with a brotherly love in honor preferring one another. There's this lack of selfishness. Not slothful in business, fervent in spirit. A lot of deep principles here to not be slothful in business. You say, "Well, what business are we talking about?" Anything that you are responsible over. You don't have to own your own business. As I mentioned before, my brother Matthew at a particular age when he was asked, "What do you do for work?" He goes, "I own my own business." Just as if that was work in itself is just owning something. And you say, "Well, I own my own toothbrush." But there if you have a business well what is it what is it you need to be doing what is it that you should be active in be be fervent in spirit busy in business it's a fervent spirit some ambition serving the lord rejoicing in hope patient in tribulation these are these rapidfire commands and exhortations and even I would say promises well if I can be patient in hope rejoice in hope then I want to do that if I can be patient in tribulation I want to do that Continuing instant in prayer. That means steadfastly attentive to prayer to persevere and not faint when it comes to praying. Continuing instant in prayer and this is distributing to the necessity of saints given to hospitality. And then you could continue with some of these other things. But let me say this as he says this continuing instant in prayer. Without prayer you cannot hate evil or do good. You'll not be able to bear the tribulations of life to rejoice in hope or be patient in tribulation. Without prayer, you more easily fall into temptation. To live a Christian life, it's necessary to value the spirit of prayer. Now, I know that there are those who are prayer warriors. They have a gift. They have a burden. It drives them to prayer. There's those who are gifted in prayer where they pray for something and things things happen. But if you don't have that prayer warrior spirit gift or calling, then that doesn't exempt you from praying. &gt;&gt; You ought to have you ought to value prayer. And prayer is necessary to maintain our joyful hope to sustain us amid afflictions. The Bible says that they were h found distress and destruction and anguish and fear and they called upon the Lord. He doesn't chide them for calling on the Lord. He chides them because they hated knowledge. He he judges them because they didn't have the habit or practice of calling upon God in anticipation of difficulty. Is that not what Job did? Pre-adventure, my children will sin. Let me offer up a sacrifice. And therefore, we ought to be praying not just whenever it's like everything's falling apart. and you can't get to sleep and you toss and turn. And so then you want to turn to the message. You want to turn to prayer as a sleeping aid in order to even if we don't have that prayer warrior calling, we should we should be in the practice and habit of praying and valuing prayer. Philippians chapter 4:es 6 and 7. Be careful for nothing. Be anxious for nothing. Let nothing cause you anxiety. This may be one of the hardest bars there are in the scripture to not be anxious about anything. That makes me anxious. Thinking that I shouldn't be anxious. Oh no, I get anxious. What does that mean for me? It's like being actually What do you say? Well, you know that don't let that bother you. That makes it even worse. Right? Just get over it. But in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known under the unto God. The but he says be not be careful for nothing. That doesn't mean you're not needy, not wanting, not uh having uh maybe stressed because of need, but he said don't be anxious. Just pray about it. So he's not just saying it's not as if the book of Philippians contained one verse just four words. be careful for nothing. And then boom, we're just left to be like, what does that mean? But he says, if you're anxious, if you're overburdened, if you're taxed or stressed, give by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known to God. Lord, I'm anxious. I'm worried. I'm fearful. I'm distressed. I see these things happening. Let your requests be made only to God. Notice verse seven. And the peace of God which passeth all understanding shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus. In other words, it's not just saying, well, don't be anxious. It's saying, "Well, don't be so anxious. If all these things are causing you anxiety, let these things be made known unto God through prayer in supplication. Join it with your thanksgiving. Let God know. And the peace of God will cover your anxieties. &gt;&gt; He'll keep your hearts and minds. Though there's need, though there's lacking, though there's things in your lives that can cause anxiety, he's saying if you're anxious, pray, our escape from the world and our entrance into his presence and safety is through that door of prayer. By prayer, when it said humble yourselves before God and the scriptures commanding us to do so, by prayer, we humble ourselves before God. before God. We make our spirits humble before him when we pray. That's even that's even what is meant in kneeling. That's even what is meant in the open hands or the the bowed head or closed eyes or even the looking up. It's to signify some difference that I I'm not running up before you pounding my chest saying you owe it to me. It's not what the Bible means. And I say it over and over and over again, lest we ever forget when we come boldly before the throne of grace. That boldness is the naked honesty &gt;&gt; that we need help in the time of need. &gt;&gt; It's not you said you said you'd do this. It's Lord I need you right now. &gt;&gt; I have need of you. And so through prayer we make ourselves subject to his presence. Our spirits even subject to his presence. The very Hebrew word pala for prayer means to fall to the ground in the presence of one in authority. You most often find the word prayer used even not projected towards God, but I pray of you. I pray of you. It's this request. It's this humbling to where you're seeking permission. Pray means this intervening or interposing where you are coming before the Lord and petitioning him. And prayer is not the practice of begging. Oh please, oh please, oh please. Even though there is this element of asking, but prayer puts God between you and the world. you and I'm hoping to minister this in such a way to where you feel a greater liberty to ask if you have anxiety, if you have fear, anguish, or whatever it is, you lack wisdom. The the very existence of those things can drive a greater wedge between you and the Lord. I should have known better or I don't have wisdom. I don't know what to do. And so, it can drive this wedge, but then so that's you and your problem and you can see it. But when you pray and you humble yourself to pray, the problem's still there. Amen. Right. Problem's still there, but you just put God between you and the problem. &gt;&gt; You're you're bringing God into this your situation to say, "Lord, I need help with this. I'm praying about this need with my children. I'm praying about this need in my personal life. I'm praying about this need. I'm asking earnestly. I'm giving some thought to this. I'm acknowledging my weakness. I'm acknowledging my errors or whatever it might be. And Lord, I need your help." and you're asking God to come and not necessarily completely do away with the promise, but you need a little bit of a hedge to where he can stand between you and the cares. &gt;&gt; And that's what praying will do. It's by prayer that we're able to cast our cares upon him. It's by prayer that you resist evil. It's by prayer that you're submitting yourself to God. Submit yourselves therefore to God in James. Resist the devil and he'll flee. And it's in the context of even asking. When we ask a miss and we ask to consume it on our own lust, there's a proper way to ask. And so if we submit ourselves to God through prayer and and we soften our spirit through prayer, then we can through prayer actually that's the means by which we resist the devil. When Daniel prayed and he didn't hear from the Lord, it's his prayers that caused a battle and the very fighting of the angel with those spirits and being withtood was prompted by his prayers. So even though he hadn't felt anything, his prayers was creating warfare because it activates something in God's economy. 1 Thessalonians 5 12 to 18. And we beseech you, brethren, to know them which labor among you. Again, there's this knowledge requirement. And are over you in the Lord, and admonish you, and to esteem them very highly in love for their work's sake. Is he talking about pastors there? I Is this pastor appreciation month? Was last Sunday pastor appreciation day? Thanks for all the cards and the comments. So, every single one of you going, I didn't send him a card. Every single one of you are thinking that. And so, my response is, we know and have been well taught that we celebrate pastor depreciation around here. It's been very effective. But it's saying to understand them, highly love them for their work's sake, and be at peace among yourselves. These are definitely some very weighty requirements. Now, we exhort you, brethren, warn them that are unruly, comfort the feeble-minded, support the weak, be patient toward all men. We should chew on this every Monday morning, right? This should be something that we remind ourselves instead of having, you know, I have one nerve left and you just got on the last one in our coffee mugs on uh Sunday morning or Monday morning and all those other nice little quips we like to have in our coffee mugs. This is what warn them that are unruly. Comfort the feeble minded. We might be thinking about our kids. This is characteristic for each one. Support the weak. Be patient toward all men. These are things that we ought to do. See that none render evil for evil unto any man. onto any man. &gt;&gt; You say, "Well, they're they uh they celebrate Pride Month. We can treat them this way because they're they're evil." No, don't render evil to anybody. &gt;&gt; But ever follow that which is good, both among yourselves and to all men. Rejoice evermore. Pray without ceasing. &gt;&gt; In everything give thanks, for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you. I would say all of these are the will of God. But I would say these things are near impossible if not impossible without faith and prayer. Pray without ceasing. Where do I start, brother Aaron? Lord, help me to know them that labor among you. Lord, help me to be at peace among ourselves. Lord, help me to war recognize those that are unruly and how to warn them. Help me to comfort the feeble-minded. Lord, help me to support the weak. Lord, help me to be patient to all men. Lord, help me that I would not render evil for evil. but I'd follow that which is good, not just among us as believers, but to all men. Lord, help me to rejoice in hope, to rejoice ever more. Lord, thank you for your protection, and we can give thanks, but we should pray without ceasing. &gt;&gt; It's a requirement in the scripture to pray. We should be teaching our children how to pray. Now, I I I want to read this statement just the way Brother Brandham says it. and and it is the rising of the sun. And so I say this just based upon the way he's using this. And he's using a term I think that would maybe be a a farming term or one that would be raising animals. He says, "Oh church of the living God, we can't stand around here on little sugar tits that we are nursing around here today." In other words, trying to sweeten things to get something to nurse. He says, "We've got to be full and prayed up with quickening power until the quickening of the Holy Ghost. We've got to be caught away someday in that rapture yonder." In other words, we've got to be prayed up and full. We got to be made full and prayed up to rapture. &gt;&gt; I know sometimes in myself, I just maybe admit this personally that sometimes you could just people prayer meeting, prayer meeting, prayer, meeting, prayer meeting, and they're talking about praying and you realize that, you know, there's a point when you've prayed all you can pray. But we never meet come up to this point to where we've prayed enough as believers. Ah, well, we're done. Well, I read a book one time that said 10,000 hours and I did the math and with all the meals I've eaten in my life, if you add it all up, I've prayed 10,000 hours and so I think I'm prayed up. No, when he says we've got to be full and prayed up, that means we're praying. &gt;&gt; We're in the habit and practice of prayer. David returned from battle one time and found that their tents had been raided, their wives and their sons and their children had been stolen. And David in that moment didn't panic. He went into his tent and encouraged himself in the Lord. What was it? The habit and practice of praying, &gt;&gt; meditating. Ephesians chapter 6:es 10 to18. Again, just going to use a a broader context here. Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord and in the power of his might. Put on the whole armor of God that you may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. Our defense against the tricks of the devil require the full armor of God. With some of the armor, you may be able to withstand some of the ws. With some of the armor, you may be able to withstand some of the devices. But it will take the whole armor of God to stand against every trick of the devil. For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. Wherefore take unto you the whole armor of God, that you may be able to withstand in the evil day. And having done all to stand, stand therefore. It's important that we put on the whole armor of God to withstand in the evil day. Having your loins gird about with truth. You have must have that. And having on the breastplate of righteousness, and your feet shaw with the preparation of the gospel of peace. Above all, take in the shield of faith, wherewith you shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked, and take the helmet of salvation and the sword of the spirit, which is the word of God. &gt;&gt; That's the whole armor of God. And it says, "Take on the whole armor of God that you may be able to stand against the ws of the devil." See that you take on the whole armor of God that you may be able to withstand in the evil day. So then it describes the whole armor of God. And then the very next activity is to stand to stand to stand. And what does he say in verse 18? I hope you're looking at it. Praying always with all prayer and supplication in spirit. As if to say that the best way to take your stand is to pray first. To take your stand, know how to stand and where to take your stand requires some humility to say, "Lord, I need to know where to stand. Where do I stand? How do I make my stand?" So, when this soldier is dressed with all his armor, he's told to stand against the ws of the devil. When he goes into this greater detail, taking the helmet of salvation, the sword of the spirit, his first activity that describes our stand is praying always with all prayer and supplication in the spirit and watching therein with all perseverance and supplication for all saints, praying for one another. Was listening to the sermon statue of a perfect man. I think I may touch on this a little bit on Sunday morning. I I I just didn't know exactly where maybe these things might fit in. But brother Bam talks about the reason why we ask people to pray for us and what happens when other people are praying and and what it activates and what it does. Because I know we could sit around his sophist and be like now why should I pray that God gives them that job? Because how is my prayer going to do anything for God to give them that job? Like am I right? Some of you saying you don't say that out loud, brother Aaron. Those are the kind of things we verbalize anywhere, let alone in church with the tapes recording. But there's this logic thing that we sometimes wrestle with. Why would I even need to pray? Okay, well that might be good to debate, but God tells us to ask. &gt;&gt; Tells us to ask knowing that he knows what we have need of, &gt;&gt; but yet we still ask. And the benefit of prayer is how many times, and give me a real good hearty amen. Wait to say it if this is true. How many times have you found your faith encouraged and uplifted knowing somebody else is praying for your need? &gt;&gt; Because wherein lies the difficulty in receiving the very things that God wants to give us? Our faith, our believing, our acceptance. So knowing that somebody's praying for me relieves me &gt;&gt; in my hands, in my spirit to say, "Lord, I receive your blessing &gt;&gt; by faith. I take you at your word." So the prayer isn't up there to a God who's going. I really want to help them so bad. I just really Oh, wait. Hold on. Is that Sister Esther Walker praying? I think I can help them. God's up there wanting to help. And you have somebody, Brother Aaron's over there going, "It's pastor appreciation month." And you're all burdened and you're anxious. And somebody goes to pray and they say, "Brother Aaron, I'm praying for you. Sister, I'm praying for you. I know you have a difficult need. We're praying with you. And what does it do? It caus you to get a little bit more comfortable and you begin to feel the nearness of God. &gt;&gt; The prayers are effective. So he says, don't just pray, but pray always with all prayer and supplication in the spirit and watching there and to with all perseverance and supplication for all saints. &gt;&gt; Pray for one another. Pray for believers around the world. You &gt;&gt; realize we got it pretty easy here, pretty good. Even if we had a a Congress and Senate and president and all the cabinet, every single one of them were Democrats. And I know this is really hard for you to believe this. We still got it pretty good in the United States. &gt;&gt; There's believers in other countries that can't homeschool their kids. And we think the Antichrist has embodied himself in our state senator when they want to take away ESA funds. &gt;&gt; Right? Come on, somebody. And we begin to panic. Our Christian liberties are being trotten down. You got families in other countries that can't even go to church &gt;&gt; because of war, because of persecution. &gt;&gt; So instead of praying that bills are changed here, how about we just pray for saints, pray earnestly and sincerely, &gt;&gt; could put an Abraham Lincoln and George Washington in every office. &gt;&gt; It won't change the direction America's headed. Therefore, I want to take ownership over my field, my vineyard, my family, my heart, my field, the saints, the believers, our community of churches, even the Christian community at large in Arizona. I want to give take heed to the those things and not be caught up in the politics. Brother Brandham says in the sermon, "Thou knowest all things." He says, "Prayer is the most vital force that God ever put into the hands of mankind." Tells me and we say, "Oh, well, I thought this was vital and that was more powerful and this is more powerful." What makes the word operate? Faith. What loosens our faith? What gets us in contact with faith? What is it that mechanism that's going to wash our spirits and uh decloud our mind and defrag our hard drives to operate faith? Prayer &gt;&gt; is a vital force. He said it's the most effective force that's known to man is prayer. He says, "Do you believe it?" He goes, "It is. It's prayer that changes things." &gt;&gt; I believe prayer changes things. We may say, "Well, you know, I I'm praying for this and I'm praying for that." And you say, "Well, God God knows God knows all things. And if you need it, he'll give it to you. Don't need to pray. You don't need to pray. You don't need to pray." No. I believe prayer changes things. The Bible teaches us believe that's why some of these things exist in scripture that it looks as if God's changing his mind, but it teaches us to pray. Whether you are individual and I know in our church there's situations where people uh uh um do not have spouses or they do not have children or they have circumstances where they live alone and whatever those situations may be. It applies to individuals but it also applies to us as families. We should be allotting time for prayer. We should find a place to be alone with God. In Psalms 119:164, you could say, "Well, how many times, how often should I pray?" It says, "Seven times a day do I praise thee because of thy righteous judgments." And I would say that still wasn't enough. But here he says he did it seven times a day. Gave thanks, gave praise. It doesn't necessarily create the standard. You know, some of us can be so Catholic about it to where we just go ahead and we have an app that reminds us at just the right intervals. We just ask brother Chat or some may more formally call him Brother GPT and say, you know, I wake up at 7, I go to bed at 9ine, give me intervals by of sevens, you know, so I can seven times a day give praise to God. And you'll just have the praise the Lord. Amen. And it becomes nothing more than just the reminder to stand up or take a sip of water. But there ought to be some time committed to prayer. In Daniel chapter 6:10, now when Daniel knew that the writing was signed, I love it. When he knew that praying was going to be the end of him, he went into his house and his windows being open into his chamber toward Jerusalem, he closed the windows, hid under the bed, and wept bitterly, but did not make the mistake to pray, but merely wept, and wrote in the dust under the bed, "God help me. I hope you can be." No, it says he went and opened up kneelled upon his knees three times a day and prayed with the windows open and gave thanks before his God. And not guess notice this. Anybody else looking in the Bible? This wasn't his first time to do it when all of a sudden it was he was in trouble as he did before. &gt;&gt; This is what he did before. Right now you have an opportunity to establish a habit of praying with your family, with your children. teach them to pray to learn the habit and practice as an individual to pray. He kneled three times a day and prayed. Let's not try to do the averages. 7 + 3 divided by two is five. We find a happy medium between the psalmist and Daniel. But just pray time to pray. Daniel did it three times a day. Not just when he was in trouble, but even in the face of trouble. Even when threatened with death, he was like, "You know what? Now's not the time to stop praying. Now's the time to cash in on all this praying I've been doing &gt;&gt; because now it really matters. If I could say this, it's not easy to maintain a a the life of Christ or a Christian life without the regular habit of prayer. To be a Christian is to be Christlike. To be born again is to be a new creature in Christ Jesus. To have the life of Christ in you. And I'm saying you cannot be Christlike and not pray. You said where are you getting that from? From Christ. &gt;&gt; In Luke Mark 1:35. And in the morning rising up a great while before day he went out and departed into a solitary place and there prayed. Luke 6:12. And it came to pass in those days that he went out into a mountain to pray and continued all night in prayer to God. The son of God, the one who was sinless, without blame, without blemish, the one who did only that which the father told him to do, spoke only those things which the father told him to speak, had a habit and practice of praying. Let me say this, if you want to be like Christ and do it without praying, it's not going to work. &gt;&gt; There must be a prayer life. I'll say this, Lord willing. On Sunday, I'm going to address um Bible reading and reading our Bibles because the devil will take advantage of a lack of knowledge of scripture. He'll interpret scripture to you. And I believe that we should be in the habit and practice of being into the word and and and valuing the message of the hour. These are things that I believe that are important that the devil wants to take advantage of. And Jesus was in the habit and practice of praying. So don't think that you can go without prayer and then withstand temptation of the devil in the wilderness like got the devil's number. I've been I've been serving God all these years. I got this figured out. Ain't nothing get a hold of me. And next thing you know, you're shot with doubt and unbelief and sin. Even those who uh uh preached this message a and used gifts and those different things through the lack of diligence in what they knew were ultimately overcome with great wickedness. Luke 11:1 and it came to pass as he was praying in a certain place when he ceased one of his disciples said unto him Lord teach us to pray and I like this as John also taught his disciples. So it was in the nature of the spirit of Elijah to teach his followers to pray. And now Jesus with this manner and practice and habit of praying must have prayed enough to where this person said Lord I want to know how to pray. This disciple said teach us to pray. Must have recognized even something different than just the traditional prayers or the glory bees or the the Hail Marys and the different ways that things could become very traditional. He said teach us to pray. And Jesus does teach them to pray, but doesn't did not teach them a prayer. He was teaching them how they ought to pray. If you want to, the Lord's prayer is in John 17. That's when he's praying. Teaching the elements of prayer and this practice of humbling yourself and requesting of God. He teaches when he says, "Teach us to pray." He says, "After this manner, pray." And he yet teaches them to pray. Why? Because prayer is something he did. It was an example. Therefore, he taught it. In Matthew chapter 6:es 5 to8 there's some teaching about praying here. He says and when thou prayest thou shalt not be as the hypocrites are for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets that they may be seen of men. Here's that self-serving hypocrisy. You want to appear religious. You realize there's times when you can pray for somebody without them needing to know you're praying to accomplish the effectiveness of your prayer. Be careful that you're not just doing it because you want to be seen or because you want to get the attention or get the credit. He says, "Verily, I say unto you, they have their reward. But thou, when thou prayest, enter into thy closet." I say this to impress upon you this idea of prayer that is personal that is private. Before day he departed into a solitary place by himself and prayed. We called a prayer closet. He went into the mountain and continued to pray. He went to a certain place and prayed. So there's a prayer that we do publicly. There's a prayer that we do for each other. There may be a prayer that we offer in a particular situation. We find ourselves doing that. I know oftentimes in our family when people visit, we'll gather for prayer with people as they leave. Uh and it's a a precious time. We don't do it every time. If that hasn't happened for you, there's no judgment. But there's just times when we'll do that. We'll pray with our guests and as they go and and we'll do public prayer. We pray together as a church. We lay hands on the sick here at church. But that doesn't replace maybe this private prayer and this solitude. However it is that you could find it where you enter into the closet and you shut the door and you pray to thy father which is in secret. He says and thy father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly. Individuals should have this. I think as families we could even come away from the things of this world. We're not we're not playing. We're not going to sit down to pray with the music playing and and the TV blaring and all these different things going on, all this hub. Uh, you know, you're over there on your phone and you're doing this. We're just going to pray real quick. Our Father, which art in heaven, hallowed be thy name. &gt;&gt; Yes. Quieting ourselves down. He says, then he says, "And when you pray, notice this. When you pray, it's this solitude. It's this quietness. And when you pray, use not vain repetitions as the heathen do." That means we're thinking about what we're saying. Was asked by a young man this past year about praying. He's prayed and reading your Bible. He's finding it just maybe a little bit difficult as a young man. I said, "Well, when it comes to praying, just as much as you're able, just have a conversation. Just talk about things." And it it's something that may seem awkward at first or uncomfortable, but that's why you do it &gt;&gt; and you get in the habit and the practice of it. And it's not just vain repetitions. You repeat the same prayer over and over again. Heavenly Father, bless this food. Give us good sleep. Amen. I knew one one person one time it seemed like he only prayed for meals and when he went to bed and he'd pray over the offering and say, "Lord, bless this food and give us a good night's rest when he's praying over the offering." Like prays twice a day or for food and for sleep. And so there's something where we we want to pray not just with these repetitions and these scripted prayers. For they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking. Be ye not therefore like unto them. For your father knoweth what things you have need of before you ask him. But he's still asking you to pray. &gt;&gt; We still pray knowing that he has need of these things. And I don't think he's saying that we shouldn't pray for something over and over and over again and that we shouldn't use the same word twice, but he's saying that your father knows what you need, so talk to him about it. &gt;&gt; He knows you need wisdom, but he said, "Ask me for wisdom and I'll give it to you." &gt;&gt; He knows you need this. Ask for it. &gt;&gt; Notice what I've done with my title, praying on ignorance. And it's this inaction to the opposite of prayer is ignoring. See what I did there? That we ought to be praying. And if we're praying, we're not ignoring. We're we're getting out of ignorance. And we're removing by our praying, it limits the devil's praying. In James chapter 5 13 to18, this is my final scripture reading here that I have on slides. Not that this is the final scripture that we could read, but this is the last one I have on the slide. He says, James 5 13 to18, "Is any among you afflicted? Let him pray. If there's any among us who are down in our spirits and we're in turmoil, pray. Is any merry? Let him sing psalms." So if you're afflicted, pray. If you're happy, vent, praise. Is any sick among you? Let him call for the elders of the church, and let them pray over him, anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord. And the prayer of faith shall save the sick, and the Lord shall raise him up, and if he have committed sins, they shall be forgiven him. Confess your faults one to another, and pray one for another that you may be healed." James teaching us to pray. Therefore, we ought to pray because if you're not praying, I trust you the devil is. He is watching, praying, looking for an opportunity. Praying p r e y i n g. Praying, right? Stalking, looking for an opportunity to devour, to attack. Therefore, we ought to be praying. We're taught to pray. And now, notice this. These closing thoughts to me are so beautiful. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man avaleth much. The effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man avaleth much. So our prayers are to be fervent. They're to be effectual to to come from righteous lips, a sincere heart. Then he gives this example of Elijah. Elijah was a man subject to like passions as we are. and he prayed earnestly that it might not rain. Do you realize just how uh you know there's I I don't I'm just going to describe it this way. There's times when you need help lifting something and it's not because it's heavy, it's just bulky. It's awkward, right? I think this is both heavy and bulky. What a statement. He prayed earnestly that it might not rain. But the Bible wants us to know he was a man subject to like passions as we are. He had need to eat. He had personal needs. He had personal wants. He wanted to live. He was subject to certain passions. There's a lot of libert there's a lot of grace that's ministered to men too in this being a man being weak and having this. But he prayed earnestly that it might not rain. He prayed according to the will of God. He prayed for something uh uh uh that could even affect him. But he prayed earnestly and it rained not on earth by the space of 3 years and 6 months because he prayed and he prayed again. It's a time to pray for rain. There's a time to pray that the rain stops. But he says, "And he prayed again and the heaven gave rain." And this is where I see this beautiful symmetry with our prayers about our gardens and our growing our cultivating the seed that we're sewing. And he gave rain and the earth brought forth her fruit. The prayers of Elijah kept the rain from falling. It was a demonstration of God's judgment. But then he prayed again and the heaven gave rain and the earth brought forth her fruit. To me, it tells us we being men, being women, being subject to like passions and having weaknesses. We can pray and ask God for the rain to make our gardens fruitful. That we should not let the flesh, the world, or the devil prey on ignorance. Therefore, we want to have a prayer of understanding or pray for wisdom. As our musicians come, prayer will soften your soil. Prayer will feed your experience. Prayer not only protects you, but it'll protect your family. Ignoring God by not praying, he said, "How do we ignore God by not praying?" He said, "How do how is it you how is it we've robbed you?" He said by not paying. So how is it that we ignore God? By not praying. To ignore God is to not to is not to say I don't believe in God. It's to not pray. And ignoring God by not praying makes us vulnerable to doubt. I hope you're thinking about it. When we're not praying, we become more susceptible to the seeds of doubt. we become more vulnerable to temptation. Each of us as individuals should pray and if we have any stewardship within a family even through if we have believing uh employee uh employees or if we have uh opportunities to teach others especially within our families and our children even grandparents can pray with grandchildren. We should be prayer praying and as much as is possible be prayer warriors. We may not be able to be the warriors like David and be warriors like Joshua. You know the I joked with my wife one time. Brother Brandham preached the great warrior Joshua and the great warrior David. And I said the great warrior Elizabeth. Because we can worry, we can fear. But how is it we can fight? Pray. We're told so many times you just need to pull the sword. Fight. Fight. Fight. Fight. And we're like, well then how can I fight? How can I give the black devil a black eye? Pray. The prayer faith. Believe. That's fighting. That's an atomic weapon. That's a vital force. So in this subject, I'm admonishing our church and wanting to remind us and teach that we should be praying more. And there's a pattern with people who fall in sin. There's a pattern with those who fall away. They lack prayer. Let's stand to our feet this evening. I have an idea. Let's pray. Pray together with me in your own way. Our gracious heavenly father tonight. Lord, we bow our heads and our hearts and we consider this opportunity to be one of the greatest privileges a mortal man has ever had. For Lord, we're not just bowing our heads to the dust. Lord, we're not just looking at our toes or projecting our voice to the earth, but we're speaking face to face with you. What a privilege, Father. With this privilege, I'm asking specifically tonight that if any lack wisdom, we ask for wisdom. Lord, if I lack prayer, I ask for a prayer life. If I lack understanding, give me understanding. That which I lack, Lord, I pray for it. And Lord, for my children and for those sheep here and for the believers in this church, my prayer is [Music] that we could become more prayerful for one another. to be more sensitive, to be perseverant, to be looking out upon the needs of others. Lord, I just got to be honest. Lord, I I wrestle with my own experiences in life through the abuses I've suffered through the wrong kind of authority figures. And Lord, the distaste I have for the nickelan spirit and pastors who've dominated the sheep and just abused the church. Lord, I I never want to create a an unsafe, negative dynamic at church. Lord, if that's caused me to be a little bit more distant and hands off, if that has caused any lack of closeness, Lord, forgive me. So, Lord, maybe through prayer, we could just draw closer together and gain more of a family feel and community because then we can be more sensitive to what others are going through and find more opportunities to be in fellowship and promote that family that we ought to have. Lord, there's people here who've lost loved ones and they're on their own and they have separation and they have no fellowship. Lord, let us not be so busy with our own lives that we don't provide that fellowship that we ought to as a church. And Lord, I believe it's prayer that'll help us to be kindly affectionate to one another in brotherly love. Prayer will soften our soil through prayer. Lord, brother Bram talks so often about when you have something against somebody else, just take them before the Lord in prayer and your attitude towards them will change. And Lord, if I just started praying for this brother and that sister and this need and that need, maybe something comes upon my heart and I realize, "Oh, wow. We could do this or this is what they need. Maybe I'll just reach out and let them know." Lord, I'm reminded one time where a sister was at her wit's end and just maybe it was a brother rather. It was brother Middleton was just at his end and he said, "Oh God, if you love me, have brother Tim call me right now and tell me that you love me." And brother Tim Puit, for whatever reason, he didn't know just at that very moment picked up the phone and called said, "Brother Middleton, the Lord loves you." Lord, it it counts to pray. And Lord, I see those who've wandered far from you and there's this pattern of a lack of prayer. Oh, maybe it's not true with everyone that they didn't pray. Some may be just very, you know, active in a prayer life, Lord, because these things just aren't cookie cutter. But Lord, let it not be said of us as a church that we didn't teach prayer. We didn't demonstrate prayer in our homes. that we didn't give that habit of praying and that example as Christ gave. So, Father, teach us to pray. Help us where we're weak. Ask that you bless this church now. Bless those that are traveling in Jesus name. Amen. [Music]
