################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-11 - Bro. Chris Cavanaugh The Form - Chris Cavanaugh.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-11
Title:   Bro. Chris Cavanaugh: The Form
Speaker: Chris Cavanaugh
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2OeI4_Dux1E
========================================

Description:
Bro. Chris Cavanaugh: The Form
Wednesday Service: June 11, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Yeah, we'll just read this one. Says this, "Hold fast the form of sound." We're in 2 Timothy, sorry, uh 1 and 13:14 says, "Hold fast the form of sound words which thou hast heard of me in faith and love which is in Christ Jesus, that good thing which was committed unto thee, keep by the Holy Ghost which dwelleth in us." And if we would just bow our heads for a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, we're a privileged people to gather in your name, Lord. And though we've been a bit hurried today, Father, we just want to settle in now to take your word under, Lord, our our our minds and under our hearts, Lord, that it would just come out, Father, in a way that would change us to make us better. Lord, we appreciate the music this evening and the saints that have gathered come faithfully, Lord. And we just pray that you'd bless them and reward them for their efforts, Lord. Bless the speaker and the hearers. And father, as always, we commit all things to you, understanding that you have everything in your power. It's under your will, and all things work together for the good of those that love the Lord. And Father, we certainly count ourselves a part of that group, Lord, those that love the Lord and are just appreciative of your grace and mercy in our lives. And so, we just ask now for your blessings upon this service. God bless you. You can be seated. So, um, first off, welcome everyone. And this is kind of a a family night apparently for me, uh, because I've got some of the Johnson family and some of the Johnson family. Um, and we've got, uh, Inbball, who Azelai, who is all the way from Israel. So, uh, my niece, uh, visiting Arizona, headed to Ohio this evening with me. So, she gets to be my travel partner. I get to carry her bags. So, somebody has to do that. You know, sometimes that's kind of how it goes. Um, so this evening, uh, as we're just committing the service into the Lord's hands now, I wanted to, um, just kind of look at Timothy here. And he's making a a fairly or Paul is making a fairly sound statement to Timothy um in this second chapter, the the 13th verse. And he says, "Hold fast the form of sound words which thou has heard of me in faith and love which is in Christ Jesus." So he's Paul is always encouraging Timothy. He's talking about him about his family and hey your family, you know, they're really serving the Lord. Your your grandmother and your mom, they were awesome. uh they did great things and he realizes that you know but there's still struggles for anybody right and so we know Timothy's a minister he's going to have things that he's going to face there's a lot of different factions or different groups that are kind of dealing with something and so he's he's telling them listen I've given you a form I've given you something here sound words I've given and those things I want to make sure that you hang on to that you hold those things and make sure that you actually have a mind towards them and in faith and love bring those things out. So it's not out of anger, it's not out of some other emotion, it's in faith and in love. So those two things he's wanting to bring it out. So we want to take actually from that um uh 13th verse there uh for a title this evening. We just want to talk about the form. And so when I'm thinking about this just on the form of things and we understand that there's a lot of forms to different things that we do. So whether it's in life you have forms that you get to fill out like government forms. Everybody loves those. Uh in work you get to do things oftentimes not in just like a single format but you get to do it you know sometimes two or three times the same thing over and over. Um we got a lot of forms to do but in the world around us there's all kinds of different forms. So each of us is formed, right? Each of us has a certain look, a certain way that we do things. We've been formed from the womb to be a certain thing. You have certain gifts that are established in your lives. All kinds of things are actually in that particular place in those forms. And with regard to that, uh the um actually I should just just as we're going to get going here. So just for those that are visiting this evening, um normally what I do is on a Wednesday night I kind of try and make things really towards the kids or at least part of it towards the kids so they can kind of grasp um some deeper concepts but by simple things uh because I feel it's really important. I know that when I was a young man, one of the ministers that really played a a big role in my life um and he preached a very interesting things, but he always could bring it to a level that I understood and I was fairly young and to catch on. Now, some of the people I would be sitting there and by the time I walked out of service, I didn't know what happened, but for the most part when this brother would preach, it was something really, really good for me. So, normally we talk about vintage youth. Um and that's kind of um where that we are. So, if you want to go to the next slide. And so, for those of you that don't know what vintage youth is, it's pretty much if you look in a mirror and recognize yourself as not young and if somebody looks at you and they see you the same way, you probably fall into the vintage youth category because youth are actually going to have some youngness to them. And it's easily identifiable not only in the mirror but by those around them. So uh vintage youth was actually a term that brother Bryant had coined uh in one of the services I was with him and in another brother had told him about that. So uh the little humorous thing is here is normally I would say vintage youth eat free but the reality is is like my dad used to tell me when I was a kid there is technically no free lunch. So uh you're going to have to go along with me tonight. And just so that you're aware, in order to kind of get this sermon together, in order to get it under three hours, I had to cut a lot out. So, um, so we're going to kind of just delve in and get as far as we can. So, anyways, there's always a price to pay, right? So, we think sometimes that things are free, but there's always a price with things that that come along. Um, and even in church, there's a price. You've got to sit through a service, you got to wait for the late preacher, you know, sometimes the air conditioning isn't great. there's always a price, right? That there's always something going on. So there's something in the background in that. And um so we understand that we we we don't get anything for free. Um except for salvation, which was a free gift. But in the realms of humanity, if anybody tells you it's free, you either had to watch an ad, you had to give them some information. Like everybody loves to get you to sign up on an app because they want you to, you know, give them information. data is king right now and they sell it like crazy and if you didn't know they know a lot about a lot more about us than actually we would care to admit or actually care to know. So anyways um next slide if you would and so brother Brandham is in the legacy and church age church age book he says this in the dark ages the word was almost entirely lost to the people but God sent Luther with the word the Lutheran spoke for God at that time but they organized and again the pure word was lost for organization tends toward dogma and creeds and not simple word. They could no longer speak for God. Then God sent Wesley and he was the voice of the word in his day. And the people who took his revelation from God became the living epistles read and known of all men for their generation. When the Methodists failed, God raised up others. And so it has gone on through the years until in this last day there is again another people in the land who under their messenger will be the final voice to the final age. So I think for most of us the the particular statement that brother Bannon makes is fairly simple. But actually there's a number of people that don't like the church age book. Uh I know a number of people that their lives were completely changed by it. Uh but there are others that say, "Well, it wasn't really inspired because brother Brandham didn't preach it. He didn't actually write it himself. It was written by someone else." So in Revelations 22:17, it says, "And the spirit and the bride say, "Come, and let him heareth say, "Come, and let him that is a thirst come. And whoever whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely." So pretty much Revelations 22:17 is saying what the church age book said. Now, we know we're in the last church age, right? Leodysian age. Not only do message churches know this, but pretty much every church kind of has an idea. Maybe the Catholics don't quite understand it, but pretty much all the Protestant churches have a good idea. This is the end of time. And not only that, people that are pretty much not even going to church. No, there's something up. Like, we're there's something happening here. Like, there's a you know, I don't know what it is, but it's not good. And they're getting nervous. and and obviously we've gotten to a point where things have uh taken on a new form. But when I was thinking about this um particular thing with voices and we know that voices also uh represent waters or in the scripture it talks about water. And so I was thinking about that and if we have a final voice and we are like the voice of water many waters um which is what the Bible says then there's something in there. There's something that we need to think about. But just before we dive into this um you know that I like to talk about space I'm not talking about space so much tonight. However, I did want to bring up something called the Big Bang theory. People know what I'm talking about. Okay. So, the only reason I'm bringing this up is because we know that the the you know the things were without form and void, right? And then darkness was on the pace face of the deep. That that's scripture that we can read. I'm not going to go through Genesis. We don't have time. But we understand from Genesis that there was an order to things and things began to take form. So God spoke something, something happened and then we have what they call the big bang theory. Now in looking it into the big bang theory, the interesting thing is that I'm finding is that they can't go back all the way. So what they say is that there was infinite matter and infinite energy and from that infinite matter and infinite energy boom something happened. And it started out, they used to say a pin head, now some say it's size of a football. But the interesting thing is is from that football once everything started to expand out, bunch of gas and a lot of stuff going on in the universe, it things started to take form. And initially, like what that form was, maybe you didn't see. And even as it began to come into realization, what you were actually seeing or what you could see if you were on Earth at the time, of course, nobody was here. um you know for quite a long time. But uh and by the way, just so that we know, brother Brandham did teach us that that the the world began in the beginning. God created the heavens and the earth. Period. We don't have to worry about 6,000 years and get tied up in that. We know that it was however long it was. God's an infinite God. But the interesting thing I I found was that they're trying to right now connect the football back to the beginning of time. And they as they try and look back what they're having problems is with is that time they say is well one one guy put it it's wibbidity wibbidity wobbly. I think that's how he put it. But basically what happens is when you go back from there they don't time doesn't have any relevance. So there's no relevance there. And also what they're finding is that they're trying to combine well trying to prove Einstein's theory of relativity along with some laws of physics and also the theory of relativity and the laws of physics don't apply there. They apply once they get past a certain point but back there it doesn't apply. So it's kind of interesting. You've got an infinite energy and infinite matter. Kind of sounds like God. You got a place that there isn't time. I don't know. Kind of sounds like eternity to me. And and you also have something you know back in the beginning where there isn't uh that well there isn't anything uh quite frankly but you have infinite everything beginning this whole thing coming out and it steps out into a place where all of a sudden you can start to to register a theory of relativity. You can start to register time. You can start to do all those things. So I just just for the kids this evening I wanted to do something. So, and this this number is going to be for you adults because I've never even heard these numbers before. But somebody went back and said they they went back into Genesis and they've looked at these things and tried to figure out like, well, what are the chances that the Bible could possibly be right? And so, one of the the things that they came up with is a particular number. And so, get ready for this one. I'm glad you're sitting down. There is a one out of 403 septilian, 291 sectillion, 461 quintilion, 126 quadrillion, 605 trillion, 7 billion chance that what Moses wrote in Genesis was the right thing like that he could write how the universe began and all the different things in in step by step in the order that it took place and then science went back and looked at all these things and sure enough, oddly enough, science sometimes in its effort to disprove the word proves it, but they think they've actually disproved it. Because to me, it's kind of like seriously, that's where your brain was. Like, you thought that it I don't even know what a septilian looks like aside from on the piece of paper here. But it's just a shocking number to me when you when you see that that you would have such a great number. So I thought well let's put it into a little bit simpler terms. So most of us are familiar with the dollar bill right now. They have 605 trillion. So one out of 65 trillion but the US debt is what 37 trillion now. But again those are numbers that we can't you know maybe Elon Musk can fathom them. I can't. Uh so even a billion is difficult to fathom. But let's say I had a dollar bill and I marked it with a special marking and I took that dollar bill and I went to the Glendale stadium and I mixed it with a billion other dollar bills and then I blindfolded you. Now I might let you see like there's some green out there, but you're not going to know what the number is that I've chosen. None of those things. I'm going to blindfold you and put you in that building. It's actually probably going to overflow the building, but you're going to be in there and then I want you to go in and find that dollar bill and come out and you get one chance to do it. That's it. Because that's what Moses had when he wrote the word that that was he he was completely blindfolded. He couldn't see it. He could see now the evidence of it. So I could show you the billion dollars from a distance, right? He's standing on Earth looking at the things around. But anyways, so science has a way sometimes of doing things that were that actually is anti-science, oddly enough, and more proof of the Lord. So again, that's not our sermon, but I wanted to throw it in there because it's important to understand that the things that we see sometimes, the things that we, you know, acknowledge, the things that we know even as young people, um, those things, you know, may have a different explanation than what we think in our mind that it is. And that's kind of what science tends to prove, it seems like, to me, often enough. So, what I'm actually going to talk about is the form of water tonight. uh and also the form of us in a way but I I want to go with the form of water. Now, most of us are used to uh things like uh what water does, right? So, if I were to tell you in your house that you had a solid, a liquid, and a gas, commonly, how many would know that that's water? In in every home, pretty much in America at, you know, depending on if you're cooking or not, uh you're going to have ice in the freezer, you know, water coming out of a tap or possibly in the fridge or bottled water somewhere. In Arizona, it's bottled water everywhere. Uh, and and you're also going to have that steam coming off of, you know, whatever your, you know, whoever's the cook. I don't know who the cook in the house is, but whoever that cook is, that's going to be there. But how many of us even pay any attention to it because it's common, right? You ice cubes, they're awesome, but you really think about, man, I I really wish I had ice cube because pretty much you just walk to the fridge and you push a button and ice pops out. or you go in and, you know, some of us still do the bag and you pull it out of the bag, whatever. However you're getting your ice, somehow you're getting it. And water, um, oddly enough, is something that pretty much even in the desert, people take for granted. Um, Josh still being a a firefighter on a truck, he gets to go and, uh, rescue people in the desert because, oddly enough, they decide to hike during the heat of the day and take either no food or maybe a few bites and not enough water to make the hike. and and they're shocked like that they need rescued. Some of them don't even make it out rescued. Some of them actually perish just because they took for granted the fact that they needed more water than they thought they did. And then all life depends on it. Right? Life as we know it on Earth. We have to have water. No matter what you do, you've got to have it. No matter where you go, it has to be something that you have. So in Arizona, if you've lived here, so I'm just going to ask how many have been to the Grand Canyon? Okay, that keep your hands up. Keep your hands up. Okay, that's awesome because you know what happens for most folks that live in a particular place. So this is the effect science says of water. So we're used to that, right? Erosion water happens, right? Very common. We're used to seeing it all over the place. But funny thing is is that a lot of times if you're in Arizona and you're really close to the Grand Canyon, if you really want to see it, you got to move somewhere else because then you're going to come back and see it because pretty much everybody that comes from out of state goes there. And a lot of times the in-state people just don't seem to make it to the Grand Canyon for some reason. So, uh, here's one that'll be to Josh's liking. Uh, when if you go to the next slide, brother. And I'm going to give a shout out to Shutter Stock or Shutter Stack. I don't know what that is, A or an O. Looks like an O. Shutter stock because uh, oddly enough, there's not a lot of stuff now that you can take off the internet without getting in trouble. So there they are. They got their uh 10-centent plug, I guess. But one of the other things that's really common for us to think about with water is fire, right? That's what we do all the time is uh you know, Josh especially is going to be out there fighting fires, whether it's wildland fire, building fires, whatever. So we're used to water going onto things like that. So I'm sure that most of you can think of all kinds of uses of water in your mind. like there's a lot of things that um you know that it's used for. It's used in industry. It's used in our homes. It's used all over the world. We get to go out on a boat and enjoy it. You get to go sailing or fishing or whatever it is that you do around water. Um some people like it frozen so they can skate on it. Probably skating on thin ice tonight. So, I like it frozen. I wish it was a little bit more frozen, but we're going to just keep going where we're going. So, we understand it's necessary for life. It's all those things. But if you could just go to the next slide, brother. So, anybody familiar with this? Ruben, don't raise your hand. Reuben's always familiar with auto stuff. So, okay. So, this is actually a water car. This is a prototype for a hydrogen-powered car. Actually drives, runs. And the reason that I'm putting it out there is because we don't think of this as a form that water is going to have anything to do with aside from maybe cooling the engine. But in this case, it's actually something that is a part of the power of the engine. Because one of the things that that science has told us, I I wouldn't have known this myself if they hadn't shown me in science class or no chemistry class, I guess, is what they called it. uh and we did a little experiment where they took uh two electrodes and put some water and some salt with it and I really wanted to show this but again copyrights I couldn't copy anything um but anyways they take that and they by using a charge so-called electrolysis they they actually can take that water and break it down from its three well three molecules which are two hydrogen and oxygen and And it becomes two gases becomes oxygen and hydrogen. Now a lot of us I think are familiar with hydrogen without maybe knowing it so much simply because every day in Arizona guess what we get to see the sun. Except for about 30 days out of the year when we might have clouds. Other than that we see it every day. And according to science that's what is is fueling or fueling that plant uh the that sun is hydrogen. So what they've taken to is is actually coming up with a way to take hydrogen um and oxygen and fuel a car and make it run. So, this car is actually uh it's a prototype like I said, but it's actually being used now and one of these days it's going to be coming to a market near you. So, uh, on this next slide, I threw this in because, uh, I wanted to give a shout out to the folks that have electric cars because we know that they're doing everything greener for the planet. But electric car, this is, uh, they called this for the vintage youth here. Uh, the younger ones aren't going to even know what I'm talking about, but this was like the Nater mobile. Uh, if you remember Ralph Nater, and he was a guy that was really for the planet back in even before my day really. So this is from the 1960s. Um and he wanted to show that electric cars were a thing. Well, they didn't really have the technology then, but they have the technology now where Tesla um has made it really uh you know a viable thing along with other car manufacturers. But just going back to the the other um vehicle, there's another picture if you want to bring it up, brother. So, I know it looks really cool on the back there, but when the vehicle runs, they put some really cool blue lights back there. Uh, and unfortunately, like I said, there would be a video of this, but I can't show it to you. Uh, but when you see this actually running, what you're going to see is coming out of it is is vapor and and sometimes it actually just spits out water. So the interesting thing about um water is that water is actually something that's in a form that well water has a lot of characteristics. Let's put it that way. Uh some 72 or something like that I believe that they say. We're only going to deal with with one or two tonight. So one of the amazing things about water is that if you freeze it or if you heat it, either way it expands. There's not many things that do that. In fact, I think water's about it. I didn't really research that. But if you make something colder, it gets bigger. And if you make it hotter, it gets bigger. So that's kind of a weird thing, right? Because usually if we get colder or hotter that, you know, like your fingers will shrink up or swell depending on what the temperature is, those kind of things. So it's kind of a an interesting thing that has uh you know, meaning to us or meaning for us. But when this car runs, so it's taking hydrogen, taking oxygen, and mixing the two together and putting out water vapor. And so the lesson that I want to bring to you here is that with regard to this um is that when you have so sorry, let me back up just a little bit. We know that the word is water, right? It's it's referred to as water in in other ways. Um but it's referred to as water specifically in many areas. And so it's water of the word, right? And you have, you know, the water of life and you're going to have springs of living water and all those other things. So we're used to those kind of things and we understand that in the word it's that way. But one of the things that sometimes that we don't realize is that um well, let's put it this way. We know that in the in the scripture it talks about putting out the fiery darts of the wicked one, right? So if you have fire, what are you going to do? Spray water on it. If you um you know, if you have the fiery trials, what are you going to do? You're going to spray water on it, right? But what happens is what happens when you come up against something where actually you need a power that's not going to wet something down, but it's going to take it out of, you know, the take it out of the equation altogether. like you need something to burn this thing out. So, and that's kind of the way sin is, right? Because we we understand from the message that brother Brandham told us that um with regard to uh you know our lives and that when you're a sinner that comes to God, you have some sin that's got to get out of your life and you need a power that's going to take it out. Now, what happens is the water of the word is applied but there's a power that actually splits that word. So, in other words, what we were talking about just from that first reading, it actually takes that power and changes that power into something that can burn with a fervent heat. Brother, if you could pull up the video for me, that would be awesome. So, I cheated on this video. Um, and I apologize for the poor quality. Is there any volume to it? I wouldn't turn up too loud, but So, it seemed like a nice balloon, right? It's awesome balloon. I'm sorry if the the the it won't play. Okay. So what happened here was um and if you go back to it and just go to the end of it where kind of the people are holding their ears th this is a school function uh happened about 20 years ago I believe if I understand the um the stuff that's embedded in the video but um what they've done is they put hydrogen and oxygen in a fairly big balloon and then they have a a cable up to it with an electrical charge. And when it goes off, if you'll watch the people here, just watch their ears. Uh sometimes we don't realize what kind of power is actually within the thing that we're messing with. And so what they have is they're thinking, "Hey, this is awesome. I've got something that I can, you know, have a real good time with." and they about blow their ears out um because they don't realize that that hydrogen oxygen is a lot more powerful than what it appears to be. And that's kind of the the place that I'm thinking about this is in this last day a lot of times people don't realize what kind of power that the word has. So, it's it's not just a power to put out fiery darts or to, you know, to water things down or to make things live. It's a power that that actually can be destructive. And the so the let's go back just a little bit. In in science, there's a couple ways that that hydrogen and oxygen are split. So, now you could take a knife and try and split water all day long. All it's going to do is kind of push to either side. And we know in the scripture water was split all the time, right? So Red Sea, Moses comes up to it, water splits. Well, it all it did was separate from one side to the other. It didn't actually split like Adam's, but it did split. So crossing over Jordan, water splits. So we're kind of used to that. But in the word when uh Paul is talking to Timothy now, you're going to actually be rightly dividing that word of truth. So there has to be a power that does that. So in nature plants have something called photosynthesis. I'm sorry this is not a science uh class but it does uh mean something I wanted to tell you about it. So photosynthesis is where um the plants use the power of the sun and something called chlorophyll. And they do this every day. We're used to seeing it. And what they do is they actually split water molecules into oxygen and hydrogen. And we all benefit from this because in the daytime when the sun is shining, they release oxygen from the plants. So it's a really good thing because we kind of breed that stuff, right? So it's kind of necessary. We kind of want it. Um and plants do that for us. But the also the interesting thing about plants is during the day when the sun is shining, they have power to separate those molecules. So they need the hydrogen to grow and they release the oxygen into the atmosphere. But at night they produce the same thing that we do when we breathe out. Because at night they don't have the power of the sun. And without the power of the sun they need they need that energy. They have to have it. And without the power of the sun they can't produce that for for us so to speak. But the thing is is that plants have done this for a long long time every day safely because God has built into them the ability to do it safely. So then comes along man and we found out that we have the power to separate water molecules into hydrogen and oxygen which guess what happens when we do that something like the video that we just watched because there's a power there now it's in a different form right but it's still the same thing because that car that we showed you um that prototype car when oxygen and hydrogen are burnt together and it's just them what they're going to produce and the only thing that they can produce is water that they'll do it every time. So the lesson from that that we learn is that with the word when it's rightly divided and then when that holy spirit comes upon the word so we add fire to a rightly divided word it has to produce the word after it again no matter what if that word is just the split that was rightly done it will always produce water every time. Nature teaches us that. So the form that it is when that form is it's taken and a greater power splits it which is what the Holy Ghost requires. So remember what does the scripture say? It's the Holy Ghost and fire right? Holy Ghost and fire because you have that spirit but you need the fire of that spirit to make the word more powerful. Now water's powerful. I mean look at the Grand Canyon. Pretty amazing place. You got Hoover Dam. I don't know if you ever been there but that's also a pretty amazing place. the power that it generates. Pretty awesome. Pretty cool. Water does a lot of things. It, you know, oddly enough, when you're up in the north country, water kind of ruins roads because it'll get into the cracks and it freezes and thaws and freezes and thaws and eventually it breaks that stuff down. My dad was a person that worked for the Department of Agriculture and he dealt with soil conservation. So, water was a big deal to him. And it, you know, water's everywhere. In fact, uh if you have one of the things that he always told me and someday I hope to preach a sermon on it was that if you have um weeds, weeds are actually nature nature's answer to erosion because you have to have something to hold the soil. So water does a lot of amazing things and in the form that we see every day it can do a lot of powerful things but sometimes you come up against something where you need a greater power than just that water you need it to be split by something and to change into a different form and in that form it can overcome some great things. So, when Christ was uh uh in his moment of temptation with Satan, when he was there, you know, I don't know if you ever thought about it, but I I've been thinking about it. And when the scripture talks about, you know, Satan took him up unto a pinnacle of a temple, like this is the Lord Jesus Christ, and now you have his his enemy taking him and carrying up high. So what kind of power is that that could actually carry the son of God to a place and then you also have him not only taking him somewhere but then showing him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time. What kind of power is that? I mean this is this is really powerful stuff. Now Christ could rightly divide the word and he had all the power behind him anyways. So when Satan comes and he comes with the word, right? Absolutely. Said, "Hey, look at you can, you know, I can throw you down from here because your angels, they'll catch you." And what did the Lord do? He responded back with a rightly divided word. So the problem with Satan's word was that it was not rightly divided. It was definitely absolutely the word. It was true. if the you know the angels were uh given to to watch charge the kingdoms were given to Satan he had the you know he had those kingdoms in his hand the Lord had to wait obviously right because that's not how he could bring those kingdoms in but he had to wait for something else to occur so kind of the crux I want to get to for some of us older folks here and the reason I started off with that that church ages book quote is because in well let me put it this way I was talking with someone recently in thing that I found really amazing about the message is, and I don't know how many of you have been through this in kids. I I Lord willing, in your whole lives, you never will, but church splits, uh you don't have to raise your hands, but uh if you've been through a church split, and I've watched several happen and been through several myself, uh it's a painful thing. Amen. Uh it's it's not something that should be. But you know what's really funny about it is you don't really find Catholics suffering from a church split. They just really don't. In fact, you can go to most denominations and you really don't until they got now they did get to some controversial things now with the whole alphabet thing that's happening. And so there are have been churches that have been doing that. But over the course of time, guess where the problem typically lies? in message churches that we're we're I I'm I'm imagining by the sheer number of people versus you know the volume of people in the other churches I bet percentage-wise most of us have experienced something like that I don't know percentage wise pretty high and the thing is is that we have a pure word and and we have a Holy Ghost that allows us to divide that word to rightly divide it. And not only does it do that, but it empowers the word to overcome your sin. It overcomes, you know, problems in your life. It overcomes trials and tests. It can heal you. It can, you know, it can change your life. It can set you on a different course. It can do all these different things. But yet, unfortunately, what's happening is that somebody gets a hold of it and they come out with an idea. And brother Aaron mentioned a brother and I even if I could remember his name I wouldn't quote it anyways but the brother has started to have people call him Elohim. Now a lot of people say the five-fold ministry you know ruined a lot of stuff and that's true but here's the flip side of that. Somebody had to follow him because if I'm a guy that I decide hey everybody in church today you need to call me Elohim. If nobody does that, if nobody follows, guess how much power I have over anybody? Zero. I don't have any power. So, we we point a finger all the time at the five-fold ministry, but s sometimes we got to point it back at ourselves. Like you can say, "Oh, that brother, he, you know, he shouldn't have never done that. He should have never said something like that. He shouldn't have been that kind of person to bring that out." And it's true. That's absolutely true. But if somebody follows him, where are we standing then? Because it's up to us individually to rightly divide the word of truth. That's where we live is it's us individually. So we understand that there's a five-fold ministry, there's a pulpit ministry, but individually your salvation is worked out. I if I got up here and said something that was absolutely 100% completely wrong, please be gracious enough to tell me that you know I said something wrong. But you still have to go through the word and say is this correct or not? Because if you take anyone's word for something blindly and bearing in mind the power that they have to bring out that word and the power that's behind that word and what can happen to it um all those things play into we still have to look at you know is it true. So one of the things that threw me I I had a a brother that had said something that I thought was just kind of odd. it was that we shouldn't question the message. And I'm like, well, how do you prove that the message is true unless you go back to the word and see? So, I've never worried about taking a message and going, does this follow scripture? I don't understand why you would worry about it. Now, people talk about visions and this vision didn't happen or that vision didn't happen. That has nothing to do with what does the word say and what was the message that was brought to us. Do they dovetail? And I don't know about you, but I've never had a problem saying, you know, let's let me look at this. How can I find this in the Bible? And really, it actually guides me to the place in the Bible to look for it. That's the amazing part. is like, well, this is awesome because not only, you know, can I check it out, but it's taking me right where I need to go. So, it's it's not something that's going to be confusing, but even the, you know, even the the scripture tells us that this is something that we're to do because we're we're to look at these things and then hold fast the things that are good. So, so far everything's good. Like, you know, I I know how the Big Bang worked. Uh, I don't need a scientist to tell me. I don't need, you know, the septilian, bazillion, whatever. Bazillion was a I thought that was a thing. They should have had bazillion be a thing. But we don't have to worry about those things at all simply because that the the word of God is always going to produce the word of God. If I don't mix anything with the word and I don't take anything away from the word, no matter what form the word is in, right? If it's water, if it's hydrogen and oxygen that's coming back to water, whatever form that that is in, it's always going to produce the same thing after it. Once I add something to it, if I have H2O and I I've split those atoms and I go to combine it and I throw something else in there, I'm going to have not pure water. No matter what I do, I'll still have water. There'll still be some truth to it. Just like Satan, he brought some truth, right? Even in the Garden of Eden, we we've heard that story many times here. Uh you know, there was some truth to what was being said, but what was in there wasn't pure anymore. And so that was when we when we talk about this stuff and we look at the form of things, we have a lot of different things where where form and function can really matter. And this is one of the places for all of us that it matters. Not just that that water is the source of life and water is the you know pretty much everything that drives everything in this world right now because without it you have no industry you don't have any life you've got nothing going on but the fact of the matter is is that you can't just drink any water. Um I've been to the Philippines enough times to know that their water I can't drink. Uh it it's a little bit scary actually because there's a lot of stuff floating around in it. Uh I can't see it, but I know it's there because of the effect it has on me after I've drank it accidentally. So if any of you have traveled to a third world country, now some people kind of build a tolerance to that and they're able to do it. But the reality is is if you're if you're born in a place that has water that's pure, guess what? You pretty much need to drink water that's pure. And saints of God, when you're born into the kingdom of God, that's exactly what you have is you have a place that you've been born into that is made for pure word. It is made for the word to be pure. No matter what form that you seal it in, no matter if it comes from a pulpit ministry or a mom and dad ministry or a farming ministry or a housekeeper ministry or whatever ministry that is that you have. If you're a pilot, if you're a airline person, whatever that ministry is, you know, wherever you work, whatever you do, you still have to have that same thing no matter where you go. Oh, get ahead of myself here. So when we're thinking of of the word in the form that it takes, sorry I flipped too many pages. um when we're thinking of the word in the form that it takes, one of the things is that, you know, we understand that the the word for us um is an important um I'm going to get to it eventually here. Yep. Maybe I'm going to get to it eventually here. I flipped too many pages. Give me just a second. because I want to bring actually just bring up the quote the next quote that's there I can just read it from there so we understand this this is brother Brandon um speaking he says so the Bible is the complete revelation of Jesus Christ was wrote by prophets God who in sunundry times spake to fathers by the prophets in the last days speaks to us through his son Jesus Christ which was the prophets of all of them put together Jesus was Malachi Jesus was Jeremiah Isaiah Elijah all that they were were in him and all that you are and All I am is in him. Words, witnesses of the word. So this is important because these are forms, right? It's not a book of systems. It's not a code of moral ethics. Neither it is a history book or a book of theology is not. But it's a revelation of Jesus Christ, God himself, revealed from word to flesh. So, what does this mean for us? Because we're we're reading about this and so that that is from Christ is revealed in his own word. By the way, um we're we're reading about this, but it's Christ um the revelation of Jesus Christ, God himself from word to flesh. So, well, where does that leave us? If you understand prophecy at all, do you know you're written in the Bible? You've heard it enough here. Everybody should know we're we have our place in the Bible. So you're a part of prophecy. And right now you living on the earth in this age is fulfilling prophecy because there has to be a people called out from the Leadyian age. There has to be a bride that's going to be without spot or wrinkle. There has to be all these different things. There's no way around it. So here comes we have the form of Jesus Christ. God himself revealed in Christ. So it was from word to flesh. So guess what happens? There's a bride that is talked about in the word and now here you are. You're in the form that I can see and relate to. But in reality what's happened is that you've come into a form from word which the Lord spoke into flesh which is sitting before us today or standing before you I guess in my case. So we understand that that's something that for all of us here's this form and it's not our form. Now we pamper it and we feed it and we you know we have our sweet tea and do whatever it is that we or wherever it is that we drink. We do all those things but the form that the Lord has placed here is something that's a hidden power and that form is actually on the inside. Right? So, we've got this fleshly thing that we have to deal with and it's a form that we have to deal with. But the reality is is there's a power that's hidden in there just like the power of water and the molecules that are inside it. And that power is is extreme. It's exponential actually far beyond anything that hydrogen and oxygen could possibly be. But it's an exponential power that's there. So, we have an exponential responsibility with the power that's given into us. Um, next slide please. Says the mechanics don't run the church. It's the dynamics, the Holy Ghost that gets into this word. It's not a seminary that teaches you all the theology and the Greek interpretations, but it's the dynamics of the Holy Ghost in there to set that a fire and bring it to pass. So, this is where we're we're at. You need the Holy Ghost to set something a fire because like we already said, it's the Holy Ghost and fire. That's what the scripture says in multiple places. Holy Ghost and fire. You have to have both of those things to set something in order and to bring something to pass and to make it live just exactly what the promised word is for this hour. Not the mechanics, the dynamics. It takes mechanics and dynamics, the word and the spirit. They are the one that gives life. So for us when we realize that we have just like water, we have to have something beyond just a single molecule or even two molecules. We have to have that those things together in us to actually make us something that carries Christ the word and can rightly divide it and can rightly use it and will actually keep us on track through the course of our lives. It's something that'll hold you. We're almost there. Um if you want to go to the next slide, please. So from revelations it says this. And from Jesus Christ who is the faithful witness and the first begotten of the dead and the prince of the kings of the earth. Unto him that loved us and washed us from our sins in his own blood and hath made us kings and priests unto God and his father. To him be glory and dominion forever and ever. And then just go ahead to the the last one in Revelations there. And it says this in the fifth uh chapter. And they sung a new song, saying, Thou art worthy to take the book, and to open the seals thereof. For thou was slain, and hast redeemed us to God by thy blood, out of every kindred and tongue and people and nation, and hast made it unto our God kings and priests, and we shall reign on the earth. So if you're made a king and a priest, so for a pulpit minister, it's pretty easy to go priest, awesome, right? Um, but when you're part of maybe not the five-fold ministry, when you think of priests, that's a whole different kind of ball game because this is again a a form of something, right? The priests were the ones that broke the word. The priests were the ones that made the sacrifice. The priests were the ones that did all these different things. But now he's made you priests. So the the priests were the ones that led the worship. the priests were the ones that brought out different things. But the reality is all of us have a part in this very same thing. So many times, saints, we rely on the people that stand behind the pull pit to bring out something or to say something or to do something. And and and and that's fine in one sense because you do want them to bring out things that are going to change your life or make you different that's going to actually have an impact on what you do or what you say. So that's good. But at the same time, you can't just rely on them 100%. Because you're actually in the same place as they are when it comes to the relationship to the word. And I'm not talking about ministry as far as pulpit, but still, you're the you're the channel or the form that God is going to use wherever you are. No matter what you do, he's going to be able to use you. You're both king and priest. I guess for the the the sisters we'd say queen because we know that the bride is a queen, right? But he's made us something of royalty and he's made us something of authority and he's made us something of of word and all of us collectively, it doesn't matter who you are or where you are or whatever. Um, and just like I said on the brother that decided that he was Elohim, uh, we live in an age where people are very confused. uh and more so than probably they've ever been before in in time, at least as far as we know. Of course, the Bible says there's nothing new under the sun, so who knows what took place a long time ago, but um it's an interesting time that we're living in, right? And I just want to encourage you tonight to realize that within you, within you, Christ has in your form has put something in there to actually overcome everything that's in this age. No matter what it is, whether you have a trial that you're facing or a test that you're facing, that thing is in you. It's hidden in the form that you are. And I don't know about you all that are getting a little bit older, but myself, I look in the mirror and I'm like, what happened? It's like, uh, you know, sometimes you feel like a truck hit you and if if it did, I don't know when it did. But uh but it's amazing that you know you can look back and I don't know about any of you vintage youth this evening uh but for me personally you know in my mind a lot of times I'm still like 16 to 20 years old because I you know I think I can do a lot of stuff and then I realize not so much probably can't do that anymore. I would love to but it doesn't work out so well. So used to play football on a frozen field. Well, today if I landed on a frozen field, I'm probably not getting up. I'm gonna be there a while. I'm gonna need Josh and his and his buddies to come pick me up. Kind of the I've fallen and I can't get up thing. But, you know, when you when you have that uh when you have years that have passed and you see how your form has changed, you can understand that you've been through a lot of different things in life, right? You know, you go through childhood and we go through the different steps in childhood and you come into your teenage years when you think you know everything and then you hit your mid20s when you figure out maybe I didn't know as much as I thought I did. Hey dad, what about this? Um, you know, you call out and try and get help and then you, you know, come through with whether you're married or not. Sometimes there's children, sometimes there's not. It just depends. But you go through a lot of different stages and your form is changing all the time. But the reality is is that even though the form is changing, there's something on the inside that is always a reflection of Christ. Always. No matter how that form changes, there's always a reflection of Christ in there. Um, musicians, if you would come. So when we're we're thinking of those things, I I just want to kind of convey to you uh and I guess there was a brother actually that lives in um New Zealand and I was with him in the Philippines for some meetings and he he did something at the end of every sermon uh which was he did his takeaways. Now, I haven't adapted that uh particular adopted that particular policy so much, but what he found out was when people left and and this is not unusual because I'm I'm going to put my hand up first and say, "Yeah, that's me." People will leave and then a day later they say, "Hey, what did brother so and so preach?" And it's like, "Oh, it was a really good sermon. What was it?" It was really good. I'm telling you, you should have been there. It was awesome. Well, what did he preach? Well, I can tell you it was great. like it was right on the word, you know, he just laid it out there. It was awesome. So sometimes we kind of get to that particular place in life, right, to to where we don't have the memory. So what the brother did was he just he always laid out three different takeaways. Now I'm not doing three takeaways this evening, but just to kind of reiterate what we've already said. I I just want to convey to you as kings and priests, you have a role to play and you have a form that is a part of that role and regardless of where we find ourselves in the pulpit ministry or sitting uh you know digging ditches or whatever it is that form no what matter what it is it's still a part of Christ and as a part of Christ there's a power that lays in you and sometimes it's very unrealized power we look at the form of water and We don't realize the power a lot of times that water has. We just take it for granted. But there is a power that's there. And the Holy Ghost and fire, saints of God, will really unlock that really, really, really deep, strong overcoming power. And in fact, without it, there is no way to really unlock it. And there's no way really to catch a rapture. Because, you know, I like to talk about astronauts. You know, one of the things that they fuel those lovely spaceships that go up there with hydrogen and oxygen. Yeah. They put it now kind of risky to put it together because you know what happened with like the Challenger, those of you that are vintage youth. Um but that's in the natural. In the spiritual, it is not scary to put it together as long as you stay in the confines of the form that God sent it in. Once you leave those forms, it is scary because we can look in Revelation what happens to the church that left that form, right? They went off into to um conquering the leoty and overtaking those things. And that's one of the other things that I've noticed me personally in the message is a lot of people seem to feel like when they have a pulpit ministry that gives them the right to dictate to everyone else what should be happening like who you can marry. It's like, well, I'll consult the Lord. I'm sure the Lord now, the Lord could probably tell me if I'm gifted that way, but I can't rely on that. It's up to you to have a personal revelation of what to do. It's up to you to have a personal experience with the Lord. It's up to you to have a personal relationship with his word. It's up to you to be kings and priests in this day because that's what he's made you. We can't rely solely on the person standing behind the pullpit. You can't do that. If you do, you're always going to run into error because you're not doing what the word said. And if you do that, if you get yourself into that position or that way, um, and you know, you have that kind of mode in life, you know what's going to happen is you start following the pulpit minister who tries to control everything and you start telling people, hey, this is, you know, here's my opinion about this. I think this is how you should run things. I think your family should be operated this way. I think that, you know, when you're at work, you should do this. I don't think you should be saying this. And I you're always wanting to put in your opinion, which isn't based on the word. It's just your opinion. Now, if we're basing it on the word and we can say, "Hey, in the scripture it says this, but what you really need to do is say, hey, my experience has been X." Great. That's been your experience. Awesome. Can I match it back to the word? because that's where it matters because the form might change and that form may go through a lot of different um evolutions if I could say that word. I I don't really want to use it like science does but still there's a lot of different changes that happen. But the thing is is that you have to remember that the word is the word. No matter what form it goes to, it'll always come back to pure word. it can't help but do that. So, if our opinion gets mixed in with the word, guess what's going to happen? It causes confusion. And if our if our brainy ideas um and I, you know, I'd love to say I have lots of them. I don't have that many brainy ideas. Can't even sometimes get a a a PowerPoint put together. Well, um I know I have experts here, so I feel bad for them when I put a PowerPoint together because they have to look at it. Uh but anyways, the thing to I guess take away from this evening is that there's going to be a lot of flows in your life, saints, and there's a power within the flow, no matter what the flow is because you're a part of prophecy. Why don't you go ahead and stand? You're a part of the word. And being that, understand that we'll always come back to the same thing. We'll always come back to the word. the Holy Ghost. A lot of people say they have the Holy Ghost. I've I've been to churches where they they claim that it's the Holy Ghost doing stuff, and I'll tell you, it's very spiritfilled. Don't know always what spirit it is, but it's very spiritfilled. Um it not likely a lot of times the Holy Spirit because the Holy Spirit will do things, you know, in the form that the Holy Spirit is based on, which is the word. It'll always take it back to the word no matter what. Um, thank you by the way for listening this evening and for allowing me to be somewhat late from work. And again, I I won't fly uh the next time on a night that I preach. So, uh, just a little bit too much to do at work and then, you know, putting things together to come here this evening. So, but God's good to us. Um, can we sing goodness of God this evening? And then you singers help me. and brother Michael is he we're going to have him come up cuz I'm not a singer. So, but just to before we sign this, we're just going to pray and just um I just want to I just want to say, you know, when we showed that car and we're seeing uh how forms have changed just in the form of cars, the electric cars, and how much they've changed and things can look really slick and it can be really awesome. And uh if I showed that picture and put a cloud around it, you guys would probably be dreaming in church about that car and buying it and driving it or at least driving it. Uh buying it would be a pipe dream, at least for me, because you're going to have to have Elon Musk's money to afford something like that. But eventually, it's going to be a thing. Some of you kids, if the Lord carries, you know, mom and dad might be saying, "Hey, can I have a ride in your car?" Because it'd be something important. But this evening, just as we pray, I I just want to say that in those in those things, in the stages of life or in the forms that we see, that water of the word can be rightly divided. And it's powerful. It will always overcome Satan anytime, any place, anywhere. That's why it's given to us is for that enemy. And whether the enemy is us, and a lot of times it is, we're our own worst enemies. I I don't know about most of you, but often times the person that's the most critical uh of me is me. Um now there are other critics certainly, but a lot of times it's us that's the most critical. And we have to realize that grace is great and there's a goodness of God. And so let's just pray and then we're going to sing this song as brother Michael's prepared to come up. Heavenly Father, we thank you for your grace and mercy this evening, Lord, and for just everything that you mean to us, Father. And we understand this is a simple subject this evening, Lord. But Lord, your form is what matters to us. And so when we read in the scripture about the form, Father, we want to realize it's your form that we're coming into the image of. It's the image of Jesus Christ. And we understand from the prophet's word that in a seed everything that is necessary, everything that will ever produce is already laying in it. When it's in the form of a seed, when it's in the form of a stock, when it as it's growing, all the fruit that would be in it, if it's a fruitbearing seed, Lord is there. And so, Father, we realize within us, all those things are there. But we need a power to take water to unlock every stage of that growth, to lock every stage of our form, Father, so that our form will match your form. And Father, we realize that we file into that word to where everything, Lord, is to where we come in contact and in complete fellowship with Jesus Christ, the word. And so Lord, we thank you that it's not just a history book, but Lord, it's the revelation of Jesus Christ in us. And Father, we thank you for that this evening. And Lord, we just ask that you'd be with the people, keep them as they would go home, wherever they would go, Lord. Father, we just thank you for all things. And we ask this in Jesus name. Amen.
