################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-17 - GraceShame - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-17
Title:   Grace\Shame
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5RqxJ-_jqpQ
========================================

Description:
Grace\Shame
Sunday Service: August 17, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
James chapter 4 verse 6 says, "But he giveth more grace. Wherefore he saith, God resisteth the proud, but giveth grace unto the humble." He giveth more grace. Wherefore he saith God resisteth the proud, but giveth grace unto the humble. Amen. You can be seated. I'm going to present my title today maybe a little bit differently. We could say grace over shame. Looking at the subject of grace and shame. And here we could put it as grace over shame. Maybe another way to put it is grace covers shame. So want to look at those two things together. We are for myself um and just in my studies and as this Lord has led me and as your prayers have directed that leading uh still looking at the concept of music and what stood out to me is how that in our lives we experience difficulties and troubles and these things being ordained of God and we can wrestle with it and try to figure it out and I saw a type in music how that in music those dissonant chords or those things that might seem to be off the bad or the forboding actually work together to create a beautiful symphony, a great orchestral arrangement that is engaging and very beautiful. And so we're still looking at the bad in our lives, the evil as we put it, and how that God uses that and how we have confidence that God will resolve it for good. And in looking at grace and shame, or this idea of grace over shame, there's a strong correlation between shame and humiliation. And we can see some overlap and some how those two things work together. So there's shame, there's humiliation. Uh but then there is a humility which is which comes in accepting both that we can be humiliated, we could be shamed, but then humility has something to do with shame and humiliation, but it's kind of this acceptance of it. And that's where I'd like to uh build from on this thought of grace and shame. On Wednesday night, we ministered life by death. I think it's a very uh common theme for us and we understand it in the scripture uh how that in order to have life something had to die and so there is this necessity of weakness drawing a lot from perfect strength by perfect weakness we saw that in order to be filled you have to have a need so a need equals feeling that if you're weak it equals strength and so if there's death there's life and we can see where that negative condition or that void creates an opportunity for God to come and fill that need. As he says, he'll be a father to the fatherless. And so there's a there's a comforter to the afflicted. And absent those conditions, this characteristic of God can't rush in and fill that void. And so we could call these things that we experience in life evils. But I'd like to also call them necessary evils. That's kind of the point that Paul even brings it through. Another way of looking at this is the way up is down. that in order to be exalted, in order to be glorified, there has to be a debasing, there has to be that humiliation. And so it's not just humiliation or defeat, uh that is the end, but it's this way up is down is recognizing the source, the source of our strength through that debasement or by that debasement. That when I'm weak, he's strong. That when I think I'm strong, I'm not relying on his weakness. When I think I've got it all figured out, I'm not looking to his wisdom. And so there's this access to the love of God when we fe when we recognize our own smallalness. And I'd like to use this phrase shame because or this term shame because in a lot of these things that we've mentioned over the last few weeks uh there is a shame that can be associated even with death that if someone suffers the loss of a loved one or they're facing death or some debilitating condition, there can be this great shame that's associated with it. And so shame is a great burden and a driving influence in a lot of people's lives. I'd probably just say all of our lives to some extent on some basis. Some of us daily experience shame or we feel shamed. Uh shame might be a buzzword in the the woke community, but there's a realness to it that I can feel shamed. I can feel uh made to belittled or I can feel this sense of because uh I don't want to be shamed for I don't want to be shamed. Then I'm going to try to do things. I'm going to be driven to avoid shame. And so it's a it's a driving factor and influence on many people's lives. In Romans chapter 8 35 and 36, this tremendous chapter, he is dealing with all these things that are not worthy to be compared to the glory that they're actually working in our lives. And he says, who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Nothing. Shall tribulation or distress or persecution or famine or nakedness or peril or sword? A lot of my studies were uh on the subject of nakedness leading me to through some of these themes. And so this scripture stands out. Tribulation, distress, persecution, famine, nakedness, perilous sword. Can these things do it? And he's not he's not referring to things uncommon. He's referring to common things. He said, "As it is written, for thy sake we are killed all the day long. We are counted as sheep for the slaughter." That may seem to be poetic. It may seem to be a kind of exaggerated language, but there is this dying daily as Paul talks about it. There is this suffering of the believer and it's phrased in this way. For the sake of the gospel, for the sake of Christ, we are we are killed. We are under the threat of death all the day long counted as sheep for the slaughter. And these things, tribulation and distress, all these things as it refers to them, uh they they cause shame. These are things that would cause us to feel some sense uh uh belittlement or loss or lacking. There's a lot of phrases I've been using in looking at this. Some of the things the Lord dealt with my heart that in these causes of shame could be death. It could be defor divorce. It could be infertility. It could be some uh uh uh poverty. It could be sickness. Uh it could be um some deformity or some h you know some physical condition that the c it's a cause of shame like that makes me embarrassed or I I I feel different. I feel ashamed. And all of these things, I would say, instinctively cause this sense of embarrassment or shame that there's a there's something threatening or unsettling or disgraceful about tribulation, distress, persecution, famine, nakedness, peril, or sword. We might read that and it may seem to be some antiquated language, but it's speaking of some of the words that could have been used as distress and anguish, to be rejected or driven away to poverty, uh the lacking something, danger, imminent threat or of death or violence. These are some of the things that we could say just distress and agony or anguish um rejection being an outcast or being dis uh disinvited or not included in something uh unfollowed blocked. These are things that um he's meaning by this or poverty just a lack of things where certain people may enjoy things. They get to go out of out of the state on family vacation or they drive new cars and we have this sense of well I I lack I don't have these same things. we can't do these same things and there's this sense of shame associated with it. It's very human instinct. Maybe you all don't agree but I'm saying for everyone else there's shame associated with these distressing conditions. But he says in verse 7 37 rather nay in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us. Now notice how he places this. He's he's saying in all these things. If if we weren't in these things, if I I want to be very careful how I say this. If you weren't in those things, you couldn't be more than a conqueror through Christ. &gt;&gt; You catching this? Nay, in all these things, we are more than conquerors through him that loved us. It is in all of these things that we're transformed made into more &gt;&gt; than conquerors. &gt;&gt; Then it could be said absent those things we we might be conquerors. We we might be uh victorious. We might seem to be well or healthy. But it's actually in these things and because of these things that we see this transitioning into more than a conqueror. Not just uh uh not just a survivor, but somebody that stands more than a conqueror. &gt;&gt; In all these things, we're more than conquerors through him that loved us. So it's through this great love of Christ that we are able to be made into this. So it's not absent his love. So we must overcome this human instinct to use strength instead of God's grace to cover our weaknesses. &gt;&gt; We must overcome this thought that through my ability I can make up the difference. &gt;&gt; Mastering the thought of human ability say well I have this problem and I have this but I can compensate this way or I can cover it that way or I could train. I can exercise. I can take speech therapy or I could do this. And there's all these things that we might think that I can refine this weakness as Moses may say, well, I can't I can't really speak well, but I'll just I'll u become I'll take some speech therapy. I will actually go to school and I'll learn to become a great orator and then I can speak for God. And God's saying, well, let me just use it. &gt;&gt; Let me just use your weakness. &gt;&gt; Amen. So we must overcome this idea that we can use our human strength and rather we should use God's grace &gt;&gt; for that need. It says in 2 Corinthians 12:es 9 and 10 and he said unto me my grace is sufficient for thee &gt;&gt; for my strength is made perfect in weakness. &gt;&gt; We all know this. We have it memorized. My grace is enough. It is sufficient. It will supply in light of this necessary evil, in light of this thorn in the flesh, in light of this suffering, in light of the lacking or the disability, the distress, all these things, my grace is enough. &gt;&gt; So that's present. And he doesn't do away with it. But he says, "My grace is sufficient in it." And then Paul catching the revelation says, "Well, then I'll I'll glory in my infirmities. I I won't be shamed by them, &gt;&gt; but his grace is going to cover it such that the power of Christ now is going to rest upon me. Therefore, I take pleasure in infirmities, not in the infirmities themselves. I I I take pleasure in the reproaches, in necessities, in persecutions, in distresses for Christ's sake. Now, he's not saying that we just, oh my goodness, did you hear? I've got stage four coming up. This is going to be awesome. It's not that, but it's this recognizing that it's in this that God can make himself known. &gt;&gt; I I'm not going to let these things shame me. I'm not going to let the infirmities, reproaches, necessities, persecutions, distresses, or the tribulation, the famine, the nakedness, the peril, or sword. I'm not going to let those things tear me down. But rather, I'm going to recognize that when I am in those things, when I am weak, he says, then am I strong. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Through what? His grace. is grace that somehow attaches itself to that distress &gt;&gt; and changes it to strength. &gt;&gt; Now shame is synonymous in the scripture with nakedness. There's some parts in the scripture where nakedness is used and the the the Hebrew word that is intend not intended but the Hebrew word that it's uh could have been translated to represent shame. And so there is this uh it's an analogous shame is synonymous with nakedness. But then there's also this connection. Uh so and both are connected with sin and death. So you have shame and nakedness. And I want you to see that parallel to sin and death. Shame in the Hebrew is disgrace, reproach, confusion or dishonor. It's something humiliating or insulting. We can see then it already connects to Romans 8 and 2 Corinthians 12. through this disgrace, this reproach, this insult, this humiliation. Now, I'd like to uh use our obligatory scriptures in Genesis chapter 2, our customary uh scriptures here in Genesis chapter 2, 25, speaking of the man and the woman at the end of the finality and totality of creation. It says they were both naked, the man and his wife, and were not ashamed. We visited this theme quite often. So these things are very familiar, but I'm I'm aiming at something and I I just believe that viewing what we already know next to what we're leading to is very helpful. So to be naked here, they're it it speaks to be bare physically. So they were physically there was a nakedness to them, but it also speaks and maybe more particularly it speaks to their minds and their spirits and their emotions as being pure and innocent. So this nakedness in Genesis chapter 2, it represents this innocence of birth where they're clean, they're new, they're springing forth um from innocence into innocence and there's no deformity. There's no lacking. This is to be naked and not ashamed, which is not disappointed. There's no confusion. There's no distress. There's no anxiety from lacking or neediness. Uh they didn't step forth to these fully mature, beautiful man and a woman immediately say, "What are we eating tonight? Go check the pantry. Go look in the fridge." There was no anxiety as to need. There was no concern as we are today. What shall we eat? How will we be clothed? Where are we going to sleep? There there was no nothing forboding or anxious. We could say that they were clothed with glory. Glory is the opposite of shame. and glory is that uh honor the the riches the splendor uh this uh they had this reverence uh for God this fear for God but even in them all creation feared them and revered them so there's some dignity and reputation they were clothed with glory riches abundance splendor honor and they are yet described as naked and not ashamed but there is this paradox of nakedness because nakedness not only represents innocence before sin where there was no cause for shame but it also represents death. In Job 1 21 it says naked came I out of my mother's womb and naked shall I return thither. He says the Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away. So death he says he's born naked. We say that innocent newborn baby. Uh we you can't it's I don't know if anybody wants to confess at this moment but you don't see a newborn and just instinctively hate it. Well, I mean, at least you shouldn't if you do. Speaking of evil, right, there's something about a baby that's innocent and and and they're they're helpless. There's this meekness, this humility. The Bible says, "Except you become as little children." So, there's something in it that even pleases the Lord, this helplessness. So, there's a nakedness at birth. This is kind of looking at Genesis chapter 2, this innocence. But then it says, "And then naked, you're going to return not to the womb, but to the earth from which you came. the dust from which you came. And when we die, death strips us of of everything, if I could just put it that way, of all things. Strips us of distress in this life. Famine, nakedness, peril, sore. But it also strips us of any clothing or any uh uh uh possessions because they do nothing for a dead body. Contrary to what the tombs teach us or what they do teach us is that you could leave all sorts of things in a tomb and a dead body is not going to be to able to enjoy riches. &gt;&gt; It's one of the vexations that Solomon had in in Ecclesiastes like man you could accumulate so much wealth have so much clothing have so many wives and all these things but then when you die they do nothing for you. So death strips us as Job 30:23 says for I know that thou wil bring me to death and it phrases this way very poetic and to the house appointed for all living. We come as it were from the earth we step forth from our mother's womb though conceived in iniquity and though there is sin that has shaped us there's this nakedness at birth that's associated with life. But then he says, "We're going to go right back to the dust again, to this house from which we came, which is death." Solomon observed this in Ecclesiastes chapter 5:1 15. As he came forth of his mother's womb, naked shall he return as he came. Shall take nothing of his labor which he may carry away in his hand. There's the nakedness. Nothing goes with you. The clothes, the possessions. Reminds me of the story one time where somebody had died and uh come to find out that some some people felt really bad because they owed him some money and and the they got to talking about it later on and how this person said they left him a $50 bill in there and another person said they left him a $100 bill and the third person said I left him a check in the in the coffin. And so that was somebody who uh I guess well played but there's none of the money and all those things going to do nothing for the dead body. It's for the remain that do those things and make those offerings because we come into the world innocent but then we die naked stripped. So the book ends of natural life are nakedness. From dust thou cometh to dust thou shalt return is what the scripture says. In this life then we're born naked. But then life is this process of adorning and covering. And in this life, if if we could look at it this way, in this life, you hide behind your flesh. In death is going to strip that veneer. &gt;&gt; When when the body dies, you're going to be laid bare and you're going to be exposed for the deeds that were done in the body. Now, we kind of hide behind this, but death then ushers us into the next stage. As it says in Hebrews 9:27, as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this judgment, this house appointed to all living, we're going to have to stand there, not clothed, but exposed. &gt;&gt; And so, this nakedness at death is a pointing to and a reference to kind of a nod to this nakedness, this exposure to judgment. &gt;&gt; Yes. In this life, not only do we hide behind our flesh, but we can dress it. We could uh we can have the pretense, right? We can have the the politics or the polish and we can have those things that where we present ourselves as strong. We can dress as if we have we can appear good, but when you die, you're going to be tried as to whether or not you are good. &gt;&gt; What goodness is there? the wood, hay, stubble, and all those things will be burned up. What will remain? You'll be stripped naked, laid bare before judgment. In a few scriptures in the Old Testament, I think I'm just going to try to skip over these very quickly. In Isaiah chapter 47, it's speaking of Babylon and how that thou shalt no more be called tender and delicate, but it says, "Thy nakedness shall be uncovered and thy shame shall be seen." Jeremiah 13:26 it says that therefore while I discover thy skirts upon thy face and so there's this uh it says at Nahim and discover thy skirts upon thy face this is a public shaming that thy shame may appear I'll show the nations thy nakedness and thy kingdoms thy shame so he said I'm going to expose you to shame and contempt it's believed historically that uh public shaming and even this uh punishment for lwdness was this stripping and you could just see even in the describing putting the skirts over their head. This is a way of exposing bad behavior, lwdness or evil. &gt;&gt; And when he says, "I'll discover the skirts upon thy face and I'll show your nakedness and your shame." This nakedness implies even being exposed not just to the ridicule of the people, but God's wrath. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; That in being naked, you're now subject to punishment. There is this defenselessness. There's no pleading. There's no appeal. &gt;&gt; You're naked. You have nothing to defend yourself with. And that's nakedness is a disarmament. There's no excuse. &gt;&gt; I can't hide behind anything. In Exodus 32:2, as Moses is coming down uh from the mountain with these tablets of stone, I had some scriptures in here uh been there's a connection between the wrong kind of music and nakedness and the wrong kind of worship and nakedness where people worship and their worship and their exuberance covers the fact that they are naked before God and exposed that it's a it's a bloodless worship. It's a false worship. And but yet they hide behind the tambourine. They hide behind the joy and the emotions and the outpouring and the flesh side. And when Joshua heard it, he said, "It sounds like war." &gt;&gt; And Moses knew, "No, that it's not war. Something though is wrong &gt;&gt; by the manner in which they worshiped." And it says, "When Moses saw that the people were naked for Aaron, Aaron, come on. For Aaron had made them naked unto their shame among their enemies. It's a lot that's meant in these phrases. Aaron had made them naked unto their shame among their enemies. They would have no doubt been defenseless in that moment. Not sober, not ready, not vigilant, not watching. So they had kind of laid down their discernment and their sensitivity to certain harms. And so there is a a sense of disarmament there and laying down their weapons. But there's this nakedness could have very well been literal nakedness that they in their celebration and their worship they may have uh tore off their clothes and they may begin to dance uh without their garments on anymore. In the Bible when Saleom danced before Herod in the in this telling of the dancing there's nothing that would imply lwdness or vulgarity but the artists who have taken taken that and read into the scene it's often depicted now that there was a lwdness to it there was a seduction intended in it through the wrong kind of worship the wrong kind of dance or praise or or just this release or this expression here this is very real false worship of a golden calf which wasn't brought to them out of Lucas the traitor of bringing out uh gold or whatever it might be and building the golden calf but it was something that was within their own movement that in the absence of the prophet he had be been gone long enough to where now they begin to pervert what he said &gt;&gt; to make their own worship that made them feel good. Wow. &gt;&gt; But in this nakedness, there was no awareness of their sin. I think this might be uh something that's very, very important to catch on to is in their nakedness. There was no awareness of their spiritual fornication. There's no guilt in the moment. They're not sitting there, you know, doing the Trump or whatever. Or maybe he does. Which one? I don't know how he does it. Uh but there's there's no in the moment they think this doesn't feel right. They're kind of like going, "Yeah, hey, hey, hey." And they all just start really enjoying it. They had laid aside their trust in God initially. What are we doing out here? We need a God. We need a God with skin. We need to see something. And then they laid aside their trust and their faith through this worship of a false god. And now they're dancing around naked. And this he saw that they were naked. Naked it means uncovered or exposed. It implies immodesty. It implies disorder. It's this pagan revery. Moses recognized in that moment. He saw that their manner of worship was disgraceful. He's saying, "This isn't the way we worship Yahweh. This isn't how God has commanded to be worshiped. There was this religious chaos." And the prophet looked at it and immediately knew something's wrong. This isn't right. Yet, the people did not recognize their shame. But the prophet called it out as nakedness. So nakedness is associated with sin, death, judgment. In the beginning, the man and the woman were naked and not ashamed. But in Genesis chapter 3, again, these are obligatory scriptures. Verse 10, after the fall, after he has ran and hid from God, he says, "And I heard thy voice in the garden, and I was afraid because I was naked, and I hid myself." Notice these phrasings that he uses here. I was afraid because I was naked. Nakedness causes us fear. And then this shame, being shamed, he hides himself. Now he goes from being naked and not ashamed to naked and ashamed. Very interesting that he was already naked. &gt;&gt; So it's not just the nakedness. There's something else that's happening. This nakedness represents guilt, shame. It evokes fear. It's just paralyzing vulnerability. Now we can begin to relate to Adam in Genesis 2:25. There's no relating to him. But this nakedness and shame represents this being stripped of innocence. Now before naked and not ashamed, now that they're naked and afraid and hiding themselves, their consciousness of guilt. They're conscious of guilt. This nakedness signifies a spiritual death. Not only a spiritual death because we know death enters that very moment, but also a fear of future death. And it's under this influence because when you read it, you're recognizing that there's there's time that passes. The woman lust and as she lust, she she comes, she brings to her husband. They all act. But in those moments under the influence of lust, they're not initially conscious of losing their covering. The woman initially isn't like, "Oh, no." There's this power over them. It's afterwards they become conscious that the veil of God's glory has been laid aside. Not in the moment. They don't catch themselves in the moment. It's afterwards he realizes I I'm naked and there's shame. So shame enters with sin. When shame enters into the human experience because of shem, because of sin and shm, Ham and Japheth, there's this changing of the proper relationship between the spirit and the body. They were harmonized. They were one. No sickness in the body, no sickness in the spirit. But now this change between the body and the spirit means now there's fleshly lust which war against the soul. &gt;&gt; There's a complete changing. This nakedness is an emptiness. This nakedness is a lacking. It's a vulnerability. He's exposed. He's uncovered. He's without protection. He's naked and ashamed. But yet, it's not in the same sense now where he says, "I was afraid because I was naked." Notice in Genesis 3:7, "And their eyes of them both were opened and they knew that they were naked." They were naked before, &gt;&gt; but now this nakedness causes them to sew together fig leaves and made themselves aprons. That bouch, that covering. So now shame replaces nakedness. That a Roman the Hebrew they were naked and not ashamed. Now shame replaces that. It is and I hope you can really open up your heart and the Lord can just put the right words into this and help you with this. But when that this shame replaced this nakedness, this innocence, there was a sense of self-awareness. Now before it there was nothing abnormal, nothing wrong, nothing lacking. But now there's this sense of self-awareness. Therefore, a need to protect because he says, "I was afraid because I was naked. Now he's afraid because of his nakedness." The Eden that had existed around and centered around God's word. Think of how this has just changed. It's just been turned around. Originally, it was centered around God's word. God's word is the ultimate. It's all about God. And they're naked in God's presence. And there's no shame. But now, his nakedness causes him to be afraid. It causes him shame. &gt;&gt; Now his Eden has become self-centered. &gt;&gt; It's become all about himself. And uh in philosophy uh there is a phrase quite common but I think oftentimes it's attributed to Aristotle that nature abhores abhores a vacuum that in other words in nature if there's a space something's going to fill it and so Aristotle conjectured that there's no such thing as nothingness because if there was uh there something would feel that it's the idea that no true vacuum exists in nature because The difference in pressure results in an immediate force that acts to correct the equilibrium. And now you all get it. There cannot be a void. It's like if there's something empty, then the forces of nature want to fill it up. &gt;&gt; And we're like that way ourselves psychologically. How why is it that in a song service, the most awkward part is when everybody's waiting for the special to start, right? Silence, pause. It's that nature abhores a vacuum. They don't they don't like things when when things are uncovered or when things are naked and things are bare. &gt;&gt; And this is exactly when you say nature despises and doesn't like a vacuum. That's immediately how Adam acts. When he sees his nakedness, he instinctively acts to cover and he tries to hide his shame. They both try to hide their shame. Having lost their innocence, they're now trying to reconcile their nakedness. They once were naked and not ashamed. Now they're naked and afraid. They're naked and shamed and they wanted to cover that nakedness. Listen, there is a strong instinct in all of us to recoil from shame. And in recoiling, we retreat. We self-preserve. We want to soothe. We want to plate. We want to find our happy place and our safe place. In doing so, it's not that the nakedness is gone. We're trying to resolve the fear. We're trying to take care of the shame. And we're doing it in a way that is self-centered because when he says, "Ah, I'm naked." He went and made himself garments. And he hid from God. Eden at one time revolved around the presence of God. Now it revolves around Adam and his flesh. Right. &gt;&gt; And so he runs from the presence of God and he's acting to cover, to preserve, to save face as it were. &gt;&gt; Now there's my there's my foundation. And then from here, this could move pretty quickly. But now I want to make this relevant to us because the shame is real. And again, there's things that you all have experienced and maybe you deal with right now. Things in your life that you that gives you a sense of shame. things of your own doing, things of the doing doing of others. &gt;&gt; There's things that you might have to live with. You said, "I never did this." But you live with it. There may be things that you've done that you've repented of, but yet you still live under that. &gt;&gt; And the and there's nothing you could do to change it. &gt;&gt; Maybe you've looked for ways to make excuses. Maybe you've looked for ways to to figure it out. Even if you could if if you committed a crime and you've been accused of some felony and convicted, you might be able to have the record expuned and it may be completely done away with, but you'll never be able to convince yourself you didn't commit the crime. &gt;&gt; There's something there yet that will haunt. And so as we look at this shame that is on all of us in us around us, the evil that surrounds us in the atmosphere and the human instinct to try to deal with that, address it, or even our own shame is self-preservation. Uh it's self-centered. And there's this self-awareness to where the sense of shame moves us and guides us, but it guides us further away from God. &gt;&gt; Now, we're going to read this statement again. We read it on Wednesday night. Imperfect strength by perfect weakness. He chose to make Christ the example of us. For us. I don't think he misspoke. He chose to make Christ the example of us for us. So he's an example of you for you. &gt;&gt; And he brought him in humility. &gt;&gt; He is an example of us for us. And he came in humility. He's talking about his beginnings. His beginnings naked in a manger, but surrounded by manure and animals. And he's trying to show this is the way the innocent one came. The one that would know no sin. 1 Peter chapter 2 17 to 24. Honor all men. Love the brotherhood. Fear God. Honor the king. Servants. Be subject to your masters with all fear. Not only to the good and gentle, but also to the fword. For this is thank worthy. If a man for conscience toward God endure grief, suffering wrongfully, for what glory is it, if when you be buffeted for your faults, you shall take it patiently? But if and when you do well and suffer for it, you take it patiently. This is acceptable with God. So faults, suffering, grief, buffeted for your own wrongdoing, doing well yet suffering. Think of all these things that we could say are true of us. We're to still to take it patiently. If you've done something wrong and you're getting corrected, take it patiently. If you did nothing wrong and you're getting corrected, take it patiently. Right? Right? Even if it wasn't you that did it and it was one of your siblings, just take it patiently because that's acceptable with God. For even here unto ye called, because Christ also suffered for us, leaving us an example, an example of us for us, that ye should follow in his steps, the steps of suffering, the steps of rejection. who do who did no sin, neither was g found in his mouth. So Christ having done no sin suffered and took it patiently, how much more should we who are stubborn, rebellious, &gt;&gt; who when he was reviled, reviled not again. When he suffered, he threatened not. Key key scripture here, but committed himself to him that judgeth righteously. &gt;&gt; In other words, he accepted God's judgments on him. A God that discerns, a God that allows, a God that stops or allows. He He judged that if God would allow this suffering, he took it patiently. He committed himself to a God that would not allow anything that would destroy him, but in the end would use it for his benefit and God's glory. &gt;&gt; So when he was reviled, he didn't revile back. When he suffered, he didn't threaten. He didn't resort to these self-centered uh uh mechanisms of self-awareness, but he committed himself to a God who he believed did all things well and that if I'm going through it, if I trust God, he'll get me through it. &gt;&gt; Who his own self bear our sins in his own body on the tree? Who sins? your sins &gt;&gt; on a tree that we being dead to sins should live under righteousness by whose stripes ye were healed. &gt;&gt; This calling back to Isaiah, bruised, rejected, no beauty in him that we would desire him. brokenness was a question I was asked when I ministered on the subject of beauty and and it was if if beauty being so desirable to God, how do we how do we reconcile Christ who had no beauty? How do we reconcile the scars? Think about those things. Brother Random said writes in the church age book, he said, "I'll give you a sign." God said, "Not the sign of a white collared priesthood, not the sign of wealth and power." Please listen to this. There's nothing in this sign that you will want or think suitable. &gt;&gt; Nothing in the sign that you would desire. Nothing in the example that you're going to say, "Sign me up." But it is an everlasting sign. &gt;&gt; It is the greatest sign of all. Jehovah standing in the courtyard, bruised and bleeding with thorns on his brow and spit on his face, mocked and said it not. Jehovah despised and rejected, hanging naked upon the cross, while the hypocrites jered and dared him to come off the cross. What did they say? He's not able to save himself. Ah, he helped others when he was alive. Now he's not able to save himself. Brother Bram said that was the greatest compliment they could have given him. But yet to them that was the mic drop. Jehovah dying. Jehovah praying and nothing happening. Then Jehovah died. That is a sign for all men now. There isn't another like it. It is the great one, the everlasting sign. Think of how much we love signs these days, right? I'll give you a sign. Well, the I'm going say this very clearly. The bride has already received her last sign. Amen. &gt;&gt; So other miracles, signs, discernments, prophecies, gifts that manifest, that's just all things that have been in the church since the beginning. &gt;&gt; But as far as bride age, bride revival, rapture, what we need rapture, the signs been given to point us to that. &gt;&gt; But we still love signs, right? If somebody can stand up and tell us something about ourselves or tell us that you uh you've this happened to you and you're going to be able to do this, you're going to be able to do that and they told you you'd never be able to do it again. You know what we think? Awesome. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. There's a lot of people that live today under the shame of an unfulfilled prophecy because someone told them they were going to have a baby and they were going to name him such and such. And now with their hyerectomy, they're believing in a greater deliverance and a greater miracle. And I'm not saying God can't do it, but they didn't put their faith in God. They put it in the man who prophesied over them. Why? Because they loved what he was saying and it gave them hope. &gt;&gt; And notice how that can clothe you. Gives you an imagination. &gt;&gt; Imagination is a nasty thing because now they can imagine themselves instead of the brokenness of God. I'm broken. &gt;&gt; We love signs, but here's the everlasting sign, not the sign of wealth and power. There's nothing in this sign you'll want or think suitable, but it was that brokenness, the nakedness, the mocking, the jeering. And Isaiah 53:10-12, yet it pleased the Lord to bruise him. This is how he committed himself to him that judgeth righteously, because God was pleased to bruise him. He hath put him to grief. When thou shalt make his soul an offering for sin, he shall see his seed, he shall prolong his days, and the pleasure of the Lord shall prosper in his hand. There had to be death before life. There'd be bruising and grief, and he had to become a lamb, a sacrifice, that his seed may be prolonged. He shall see of the travail of his soul, and shall be satisfied. By his knowledge shall my righteous servant justify many. For he shall bear their iniquities. Beautiful prophecy. Therefore will I divide his portion with the great, and he shall divide the spoil with the strong. There's a lot we're reading here about prospering, prolonging, greatness, satisfaction. But he says because he hath poured out his soul unto death. There could never be strength. There can never be inheritance. There can never be prolonging. There can never be pleasure without the bruising, the grief, the offering. &gt;&gt; Pouring out his soul into unto death, he was numbered with the transgressors. And he bare the sin of many and made intercession of the transgressors. &gt;&gt; This is not a pleasant thing. There's a lot of people that get a messiah complex, but rarely is it in this vein that they'd be willing to give their lives. They want everyone else to do it. Give me all your money. Give me all your wives. Give me all this. Give me all that. And they're messiahs and their gurus and everyone follows them. But it's all for the benefit of them. It's nothing but the first Adam, &gt;&gt; not the second Adam or the last Adam. It's self-pres preservation. It's egotistical. It's religious covering. But here's the real heart of the Messiah. Grief, bruising, offering, pour it out unto death. Brother Brandham, in perfect strength, by perfect weakness, they stripped him stark naked and hung him up up there on a cross. This is how he came. When he's on the cross, you read the scripture and it talks about how they parted his garments after he was passed and they divided it and everything and say, "Well, we can maybe gather from that that he's naked." And some scholars uh suggest that perhaps he he wasn't naked. But the real reality almost every everyone would agree when you look at the the the the intent of crucifixion, brother. So they crucified him in the shame of hanging him up there naked before those people. Notice exactly what's happened in this moment where Christ is laid bare on the cross, lifted up before everyone to see him in his shame after everything he taught, all the miracles he performed. Now this is the end of this great teacher. This is the end of the Messiah. And Jesus exposes himself to the shame of the garden. &gt;&gt; What was it that Adam felt in that moment? Uh when he saw his nakedness, he was ashamed and covered himself. But now Christ exposes himself to nakedness. And he does not hide. He does not run. He does not cover himself. &gt;&gt; The Roman crucifixion was intended to maximize shame and embarrassment. He stripped him naked and embarrassed him. In Philippians chapter 2:es 5 to8, let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus who being in the form of God thought it not robbery to be equal with God. In other words, it's not easy. But made himself of no reputation, took upon him the form of a servant, and was made in the likeness of men. There's this condescension with each one of those phrases. You could have just a regular man who has no reputation, but then you have the servant and being made in the likeness of men, being found in fashion as a man, he humbled himself. We look at we look at being humble as this great attribute, that funny thing that as soon as you think you have it, you've lost it. &gt;&gt; He humbled himself and became obedient unto death. Even the death of the cross, that's not a pleasant death. That's not uh assisted suicide or euthanasia. That's not just being able to go on your own terms. It was horrible. It was excruciating. In Hebrews 12:es 1:2, just see how he's an example of us for us. Wherefore, seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight, and the sin which does so easily beset us, and let us run with the with patience the race that is set before us, looking unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross, despising the shame, and is sat down at the right hand of the throne of God. &gt;&gt; He accepted the shame. He didn't he didn't want it. He wasn't gleeful. He wasn't an exhibitionist and he wasn't a satist. He wasn't wanting just to be killed and and all that. I can't think of a better way to go than just to be tortured. No, he endured the cross, despised the shame. He is actually bearing the nakedness of the garden &gt;&gt; and living, dying, buried, rising, coming. He says there he hung there on Calvar's cross, not as you see him on a crucifix with a little rag wrapped around his loins. They stripped him naked. They embarrassed him to everything that they could embarrass him to and hung him there on the Calvary. And he was disgraced and despised and rejected and spit on. They're wanting to humiliate him. &gt;&gt; Says he became sin for us. That's the reason he had to be punished the way he was because all of our sins were placed upon him. &gt;&gt; And there he had to bear them away in his own body to Calvary. A reproach, a disgrace. Sinfully hanging there naked, stripped, bleeding, bleeding. What a picture. Christ, the sinless one, is disgraced. The one who prayed, "Father, glorify me with the glory that we had in the beginning, &gt;&gt; the perfect man, the just man, the right man, the sinless man, &gt;&gt; but now he's tempted in all points and like manner we are." He suffers. He's pressed. He's tempted. And now he faces death and he's made a reproach, a disgrace. He's naked and embarrassed. Cries out in the words of the psalmist, "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?" &gt;&gt; He felt forsaken. Redemption by power. Brother says, "How people paint his picture sometime with a robe around them or something other on the cross?" That is not so. They disposed that man of every foul, vulgar thing that they could. They were trying. They wanted to absolutely humiliate him. They swapped him out for a murderer. I mean, that &gt;&gt; that's like getting traded for future considerations. If you're an athlete, they're just dumping him. No value in him whatsoever. But he had to be. He had to be. I know. We might want to think, wow, remember where we read Christ suffered suffered as an example to us. So, oh, he did it for us. He took all the suffering for your sin. For your sin, he took it. He paid the price. So now, for a joy which is set before you, you can endure the shame. You can endure the suffering. He had to do it. We might think, well, if it was so, if that's what was necessary, why didn't God just do what Abel did? Just go find the innocent lamb, take him, kill him. Boom. We're done, right? We're done. It's over. There he was, the highest and loyalist of all the world that ever was or will be. And then exposed, naked on the cross, wounded, smitten, bleeding, gobs of mockery, spit hanging from his face, a mocking crown of thorns on his head. I know this picture may be hard to imagine. The artistic renderings and the dramatizations do their part to try to get us to mentally and maybe in our carnal minds grasp this horrible scene. But in this crucifixion, he had committed himself to him that judge judgeth righteously and it pleased the Lord to do it. So this humiliation of Christ was supernatural justice. Christ stripped of all ability. Christ stripped of all honor. Despised and rejected of man. Stripped naked. Embarrassed. But now not even just to man, but even in the sense of God's love for him that he now feels as if the father has turned his back on him. &gt;&gt; My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? There's rejection. There's eternal separation from God. He felt death now in his spirit before the body succumbed to it. &gt;&gt; Therefore, he could say it is finished. This humiliation, shaming of Christ is justice. In 2 Corinthians chapter 12:es 9 to10, Christ is an example of us for us. He says said unto Paul in light of his thorns, what thorns do you have? What scars do you bear? What reproach do you have? Whether it be in your family, your own decisions, your own circumstances, what measuring sticks do you feel that you don't measure up to the blessings of God in other people's lives, or or you don't uh measure up to God's love? He says, "My grace is sufficient for thee. For my strength is made perfect in weakness. My grace is enough. I have I have a void. I have an emptiness. I have a hurt. I have a pain. I have shame." He's saying, "My grace is enough. &gt;&gt; Lord, take it away." Well, my grace is enough. &gt;&gt; Lord, change the record. changed the story. My grace is enough, &gt;&gt; Lord. Make it go away. My grace is enough &gt;&gt; for my strength is made perfect in weakness. &gt;&gt; Now, we're being challenged to think differently than Adam did. Adam in his moment of self-awareness went straight to self-preservation. But now he's saying, "Most gladly, therefore, I glory in my infirmities that the power of Christ may rest upon me." Something that stands out when you look at the narrative of Adam. Adam, when he recognized he was naked, didn't run to God and ask for forgiveness. Yes. &gt;&gt; He didn't run to him and plead on behalf of himself and his wife saying, "Forgive us. I've made a huge mistake." But he hides himself. And then he's like, "Adam, what have you done?" He goes, "It's the woman. It's always the woman, right? That she did it. My wife." Adam not only did not have the instinct to repent initially, his instinct was to preserve himself. And now when the the the focus is squarely on him, he wants to deflect a little. Blame the woman and that serpent over there. And Paul doesn't do as Adam does, but he now will avail himself in his weakness that the power of Christ may rest upon me. I'm not going to run from the presence of God. &gt;&gt; We make bad mistakes. We do things we shouldn't do. We get in the grips of fears and anxieties. Sometimes we act completely out of character. It might be medication. It might be stress. There might be a lot of ways that we find ourselves doing things that a son or daughter of God cannot do. And we can't just try to wipe that away and pretend it never happened. We confess our faults and the blood of Jesus Christ will cover us, but we can't run from his presence. &gt;&gt; And we ask that the power of God would rest upon us. &gt;&gt; To change us. &gt;&gt; In James 4:6, very simply, he says, "He giveth more grace in the light of all these things." He's talking about the lust of the flesh. He's talking about being driven to do things you shouldn't do. He's talking about this evil that works within our members, these things that hinder our perfection. He says he giveth more grace. What do we need in light of the way that we're moved and a man is caused to sin? What do we need when we have battles and wrestlings? What do we need when we have evil? What do we need when we have poverty and we have suffering? We need grace. &gt;&gt; He gives more grace. But how are we going to receive it? He resists the proud but gives grace unto the humble. &gt;&gt; If in our weaknesses we get prideful. If in our weakness we act like Adam. If in our losses, in our deficiencies, in our poverties, in our lackings, in our needs and our distresses, in our famine, in our persecution, in our peril, in our nakedness and sorrow, if we use pride, we can't receive grace &gt;&gt; because he gives grace to the humble. &gt;&gt; I have it phrased here that God clothees the humbled in grace. &gt;&gt; And the message of grace, he says, he's talking about a situation in Hollywood. He said, "A boy not here long ago in Hollywood, some actor, I suppose, wouldn't kiss a girl because it was against his religion." Against his religion and make rock and roll pictures and things that's disgraceful and things like that. Calling out a hypocrite, isn't he? Like, you won't kiss a girl in a film because it's against your religion. Do you think that you could take your 30 pieces of silver and merit something in God's grace? Judas won't buy nothing but a place in hell for you. This is the phrase, God's grace cannot be bargained for. God's grace cannot be bargained for. In other words, you have no purchase power to get it. &gt;&gt; You're jingling the change in your pocket and you're coming before the Lord and you're hoping you've got enough to get grace. Can't do it. For neither can it be talented into your gifts, your miracles, your signs and wonders, your worship, your praise, all these things. That doesn't get you grace. Grace cannot be bought. It cannot be bargained for. It can't be talented into. It's sovereign grace. Then he quotes him. Nothing in my arms I bring. Simply to thy cross I cling. And then he says, naked, wounded, I just come as I am. &gt;&gt; Who's the naked and wounded now? Who's the bruised? Who's the vulnerable? Who's the stripped bear? You are. &gt;&gt; Just as I am without one plea, but that thy blood was shed for me. &gt;&gt; And that thou bids me come to thee, oh lamb of God, I come. He said, that's all. It's grace that brought me. &gt;&gt; Grace did it. &gt;&gt; It's grace that brought you. &gt;&gt; It's grace that bought you. &gt;&gt; As brother Bart says, it's grace that bought you. It it's grace that purchased you. &gt;&gt; You You didn't pay for his grace. &gt;&gt; You didn't go searching through your house trying to find something worthy. You didn't finally find, oh, I did it. I merited it. I could do it. I could go to the altar. I could accept him as my savior. I've got something to show him. Nothing. &gt;&gt; Think of it. The only way that you can receive it is when you absolutely have nothing. &gt;&gt; Because if you have anything you hold on to to present, it just blocks it. Yeah, &gt;&gt; if you're holding anything in your mind as some redemptive value or quality, it just blocks it. &gt;&gt; Transaction nulled. &gt;&gt; In 1 Peter 5 to 11, likewise, you younger submit yourselves unto the elder. I'm expanding some of these readings so you can see it in context. Yay, all of you be subject one to another and be clothed with humility. The humility we all love is the false humility. We all love to appear humble. We love it. There's even a a mechanism where and I noticed that I did it. Oh, it's it's going to feel so good of when you want to appear humble, you'll you'll change the way you walk because you you want you want people to think, "Oh, he has a limp. He he he bows over a little bit." Right? You notice how sometimes some people try to get, you know, they're doing that, they just want your money, right? They're trying to see how big your wallet is. They're trying to just get their cash app close enough to yours to hopefully a transaction will go through. It's a false humility. God resist the proud and give a grace to the humble. So it says to be clothed with humility. It means that God has accepted you and clothed you with grace. &gt;&gt; Clothed with humility. Quite what a phrase. Humility is nakedness. Humility is nothingness. But when we are clothed, when we are when we are humbled, he gives grace to clothe us. He says, "Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God. Then he exalts you in due time." There's your debasement. There's your getting low. Casting all your care upon him, for he carth for you. &gt;&gt; Be sober. Be vigilant. Because your adversary to the devil, as a roaring lion, walketh about seeking whom he may devour. Whom resists steadfast in the faith. There's our how is our resistance is successful. Resistance without submission is futile. We must submit ourselves therefore to the Lord. There's the brokenness. There's humility. Unless we humble ourselves before the mighty hand of God and we get naked before him, then we are exposed and we cannot defend against the enemy. &gt;&gt; But when we submit to God, he clothe us with humility. He clothe us with grace and that's our defense against the enemy. &gt;&gt; Resisting the faith faith knowing whom resists steadfast in the faith this adversary knowing that the same afflictions are accomplished in your brethren that are in the world. the same affliction. Do you feel shamed? You feel outcast? You feel despised? You feel belittled? You feel different because of whatever it might be. Sickness, poverty, relationships, death, divorce, infertility, you name it, whatever it might be, you might feel shamed because of that. But these afflictions are accomplished in believers all over the world. &gt;&gt; But the God of all grace who have called us unto his eternal glory by Jesus Christ, think how it connects back to second Corinthians. Think how it connects to Romans. Think about all these places that it connects into. Called us into his eternal glory by Christ. What can separate us from the love of God? Uh uh through in all these things we are more than conquerors. Through him that loved us. Eternal glory by Christ Jesus. After you have suffered a while, make you perfect, establish, strengthen, settle you. To him be glory and dominion forever and ever. &gt;&gt; Paul had the revelation. Peter had the revelation. What is it that in my weaknesses, in my debasement, in my disgracefulness, in my nakedness, his power can rest upon me. &gt;&gt; There's a there's a lot of suffering we all go through. I try to try to wrap these things up here. There's a lot of suffering that we all go through, but there was this on the cross, it was even in the garden of Gethsemane. And on the cross, that was redemptive suffering. Amen. &gt;&gt; And what redemptive suffering does, there is. So, there's a Adam sinned and then covered himself. There's suffering in that. There's suffering in the world. There's suffering through our problems and all of our disabilities. There's suffering through our evil. But then there's suffering. And what redemptive suffering does is it strips all of that suffering of its religious covering. strips of all its excuses, all its self-preservation, all its interpretations. Some people want to have control over things that when things get out of their control, they just define it the way they want to. &gt;&gt; They just interpret the outcome to you. &gt;&gt; They still want to be in control of the process. &gt;&gt; They still want to be able to interpret the outcome even if they had nothing to do with it. That's right. &gt;&gt; But what redemptive suffering does and when we enter into and accept redemptive suffering, we take our suffering, whether it be of our own disobedience and rebellion or hardness or mistakes, or whether it be for the sake of the cross, we take that and remove it from any self-preservation, any ego, any eye, &gt;&gt; any me, and we strip it naked. &gt;&gt; Amen. Redemptive suffering strips suffering naked. Jesus says in Mark 4:es 34 and 35, but when he had called the people unto him with his disciples, he said unto them, whosoever will come after me, let him deny himself and take up his cross and follow me. He says the first part because it's the hardest part, self-denial. There's been many martyrs for a cause, but in doing so, they didn't deny self. Think about this. &gt;&gt; There's been a lot of maybe religious kamicazis that took their own lives for a cause, but they didn't deny self. &gt;&gt; For who so shall will save his life shall lose it, but whosoever shall lose his life for my sake and the gospels. The losing can't be for your sake. &gt;&gt; The losing can't be for your reputation. It can't be for your honor. It can't be for your glory. It must be for Christ and for the gospels. That one shall be saved. &gt;&gt; Amen. In other words, there's a necessity in the emptiness. &gt;&gt; There's a necessity in in the brokenness, the vulnerability, the losing of your life. It must be lost in order to find it. &gt;&gt; But you can't do it for pretense sake. You must deny yourself then lose your life to find eternal life. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; To live to say the life that I now live, I live by the faith of God, the faith of Christ. To say that I live by his faith is to accept that he died for your sins. &gt;&gt; Is to accept that the life you had before was debased. To live by faith and be covered by grace, we must first die to ourselves. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And become naked. Amen. &gt;&gt; The necessity of nakedness. When I preached life by death, I was thinking of the necessity of death, the necessity of evil, the necessity of nakedness. Grace cannot enter in if our covering protects us from shame. He gives grace to the humbled. He wants to clothe you in humility. But as long as we have anything that we're using to hide behind. When God clothed Adam and the woman, he stripped them and they had to re be recovered. And being naked makes us uncomfortable. What's that rec? I didn't look it up. I was meant last week maybe to look up what Freud had to say about those dreams where you show up to school with just your underwear on, right? or you're standing up before a crowd, you still have your pajamas on, whatever it might be, and it's that sense of shame and that awkwardness and that nakedness. We don't like it. Therefore, in this spiritual sense, we got to reject our instinct to deny our nakedness, accept our nakedness and let God's grace cover our shame. &gt;&gt; We must repent of our sins. A and all sin must be repented of all your disbelief. But that if I could just take it in another angle, there's things that you can say, "Well, that's I'm I haven't sinned when I did that." So, we repent of our sins, but we cannot hide our imperfections. We cannot hide our sufferings. We cannot try to hide our shame. Brother Bradam in the sermon, the reaction to an action. There may be Christians here who did wrong and say, "I feel ashamed to rise up and go to that altar." But may they look at the cross and see the shame that he bore, stripped his clothes, naked, beat him, hung on a cross, and lifted up between the heavens and earth. May we take a note from his humiliation, the sinless one. What was his injustice? He never did anything wrong, &gt;&gt; but yet he suffered and took it patiently and committed himself to a righteous judge. He took upon himself supernatural justice, not injustice, justice, redemptive suffering. When you suffer for your own mistakes and your own rebellion or stubbornness, repent, make it right with God. Ask for the blood of Jesus Christ to cover you. And that's what you must do. Accepting his perpetuation, the innocence blood for your own sins. But now, what about the evil that's visited upon us when we feel that we have not done anything wrong? &gt;&gt; We must take it patiently. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; We must accept that as he hung on the cross naked, there may be things that we are stripped of, things that we wouldn't talk about, things we wouldn't broadcast, things we don't want other people to know, but we have to say, "Lord, I have to accept this emptiness." &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Revelations 3:14 to18 in this message to the church of the Leodysans, he says that you they they claim that they are rich, increased with goods, and have need of nothing. This is our obligatory companion scripture to Genesis 2 and 3. And you don't know that you're wretched, miserable, poor, blind, and naked, rich, increased with goods, and have need of nothing. So there's there's they're full, but they're actually naked. So what they've done, they've filled their void with something else, just like Adam did in the beginning. where the garden ended is where Leodysia ends because here they are completely uh naked and they cover themselves. Now the church has kicked Christ out of the church and they're naked but they claim to be rich. They don't even have any goods because they're poor. Uh they they they have things to make them comfortable. They're miserable. They have needed nothing but they're blind and naked. Where's the blindness? They're not aware of their own nakedness. So he counsels them to buy gold that they may be rich and white raignment that they may be clothed and anoint their eyes with is that they may see. And this phrase is hitting a little bit different these days because he says that thou mayest be clothed that the shame of thy nakedness do not appear. &gt;&gt; What has he done away with? The shame of it. that the shame of thy nakedness does not appear. Christ has made it possible through Christ, through his love, through the cross, through Christ, he has made it possible that we could be naked and not ashamed. What in the world? Not through our own sinlessness, not through our innocence or perfection. Whereas Adam was naked and ashamed, he tried to cover it with his own religion. Christ has made made it possible that we could be naked and not ashamed. Not through innocence but through grace. &gt;&gt; There it is. It's through his grace &gt;&gt; that we can still be naked &gt;&gt; but not ashamed. &gt;&gt; We say, "Lord, I'm naked. I'm naked. I'm vulnerable. I'm naked. Lord, God, help me. I feel so lost. I feel so paralyzed. I feel naked. My grace is enough. &gt;&gt; But Lord, I want wealth. I want prosperity. I want health. I want happiness. My grace is enough, Lord. I'm naked. I don't want to be shamed. My grace is enough. &gt;&gt; He doesn't take away the nakedness. He'll take away the shame of it. &gt;&gt; Where you could stand like Paul say, "Yeah, I've got a lot of thorns, but God's going to use them for his glory." Yeah, I've got a lot of loss, but in there, God's going to give me what I need. &gt;&gt; In the preview of the bride, this theme just reoccurs. How does Leodysia end? dancing to the wrong kind of music, absolutely naked, just like Israel in Exodus 32. Disgraceful is a term that's used. vulgar, filthy, but then onward Christian soldiers &gt;&gt; and they're described as marching perfectly in harmony with God's word, clothed in glory, in righteousness. And it's still grace that's covering them because even when they got out of step, grace was present. &gt;&gt; Grace was sufficient. I hope today that you hear the voice of God speaking to your heart. We have a lot of things in our lives that make us feel naked, ashamed, and Satan uses shame over you. I heard a song some years ago that used personified shame as a woman that he was married to and how it ruled him, controlled him. But he said that Christ showed up one day with divorce papers and exposed shame and shame had to leave because he said he talked about shame washes over me and I can't believe in the power of God and shame makes me be afraid of God's holy fire. And then the song resolves grace washes over me. Not shame anymore but grace. But you're still naked but grace covers. You're still weak, but grace covers. You're still barren, but grace covers. They still died, but grace covers. You're still poor, but grace covers. &gt;&gt; You'll never get it back again, but grace covers. &gt;&gt; Grace covers. &gt;&gt; Brothers, if you could come to your instrument. Brother says in Hebrews chapter 7:2, "If you want something from the Lord, just put your heart out before him now." He said, "The Nazarines, you have you can't wear a ring. You can't wear a watch. You have to have certain things. Your arms have to be your arms have to be this long. You're like, "Wait, what?" He says, "The sleeves, your skirt has to be that long." And men can't belong to the lodge. And they don't baptize you if you don't. Here comes the Catholics in. They have theirs. And here comes the Methodists in they have theirs. What is it? Everyone has their covering. Everyone has their uh requirements &gt;&gt; for membership. Let me have let me see your financial statements. There's all sorts of requirements. What are you going to bring? What can what can you bring to the table? They all have their capital calls, right? This is what you've got to do to be a part of the club. Every one of them has a yard stick to measure up to. These are his words. You don't make it. All right. That's all. And then, but the real thing is this. Nothing in my arms I bring. Simply to the cross I cling. Oh, God. naked, wounded, need secure. He says, "Need help." Now, you're the naked and the wounded. Can we just admit that? That we are the naked and the wounded. [Music] I most humbly come Christ confessing that I'm nothing and there's nothing within me. What is humility? To accept your humiliation. Then God receives you. Now you might not even know your ABCs. You might not know coffee from split peas. You might know not know he from hall, right hand from left hand. It don't make any difference what you don't know. Coffee from split peas. He from hall. It doesn't matter. There's one thing you must know that Jesus Christ took your place as a sinner and you take your place to stand in his righteousness. Confessing every day that you're wrong and love him with all your heart and your whole motives be set towards him, you'll make heaven. &gt;&gt; He said that's all there is to it. For the life that was in Christ has to be in you or you're lost. &gt;&gt; So you have to be lost to be found, &gt;&gt; right? And so where is salvation? In recognizing that you're lost, helpless, hopeless, pitiful. &gt;&gt; And your humility is in accepting your nakedness. Accepting the shame of your nakedness in coming to God and saying, "This is nothing I can resolve, &gt;&gt; but I'm not going to run from it. I'm not going to hide from it. I'm going to come wounded and broken to you. I'm going to expose myself to your opinions, to your judgment. I stand before you now exposed. And I and I plead nothing but the blood of Jesus. And grace, what does grace do? Washes over you. And he says, let me just especially think of it because I had some scriptures in here about how we don't want to be naked when we die, right? We want to be clothed upon that there's a nakedness of the soul. And so what does God do that in this flesh, in this stinking rotting corpse that's going to make mistakes for the rest of your life, he says, I'm just going to dress you in my grace. I'll just cover you in my grace. That way when you when you see that you're naked, don't be ashamed. My grace is sufficient. Let's stand together today. Just receive his grace. I ask you right now, I implore you right now in the name of the Lord. His grace is enough. Can you just receive his grace right now? His grace for all your nakedness, all your shame, all your mistakes, all the things you've suffered, not of your own hands, that someone else is doing, family history, lack of spousal support, whatever it might be. So Lord, it shames me, but I accept your grace. I don't want to hide anymore. Lord, I accept your grace. Just bow your heads. Think upon these things for a moment. Let's pray together. Our gracious heavenly father, there is a tremendous uh pulling and dealing with hearts in this moment. And Lord, as I could pour out my own heart and confess my own faults and explore my own weaknesses, Lord, there's even a way that we can so manipulatively look at our mistakes as saying, "Well, God must have allowed it or God does this, but Lord, I want to just accept our own shortcomings, our own failures." We put a lot of blame on the devil. But Lord, for my own coverings, I repent. My own excuses, my own self-preservation. Truly, Lord, Adam could have said in the moment that he realized he was naked, he could have ran to the Lord and said, "I I made a mistake. The serpent beguiled us, or the serpent beguiled the woman, and I I ptook. I knew I was doing wrong, but Lord, forgive me. Forgive And certainly the blame would have been put on the devil. Adam would have accepted his part. And so Lord, there is a blame we can put on the the world, the sin, the devil, but ourselves, this flesh. It's therein that we deny ourselves and we expose it. Lord, may we may we rat on our flesh now, Lord. Lord, I want to snitch on myself. I make mistakes. I do things that I shouldn't do. I'm naked. I'm vulnerable. I ask it, Lord, in this weakness, this unbearable weakness. Your grace is enough. I believe it is enough. May we receive it today. And Lord, we can never be dressed and clothed in this grace until we are humbled. And our humility is in accepting our humiliation. You cannot dress us. Grace cannot cover our shame until we first recognize our nakedness. Isn't it amazing, Lord, how that our human minds will turn our shame into our covering of our nakedness? Therefore, we remain naked and ashamed. We're just blind to it. Lord, we cast aside our shame and we acknowledge our nakedness and we say your grace is enough. In the name of Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen.
