################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-30 - Faith or Cake - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-30
Title:   Faith or Cake
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bx4lx3ROD0k
========================================

Description:
Faith or Cake
Wednesday Service: April 30, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Joshua 7 verse 1-6. But the children of Israel committed a trespass in the oursed thing. For Achen, the sons of Ki, the sons of Zabdi, the son of Zerah, of the tribe of Judah, took of the oursed thing. And the anger of the Lord was kindled against the children of Israel. And Joshua sent men from Jericho to I, which is beside Bethan, and east of Bethl, and spake unto them, saying, Go up and view the country. And the men went up and viewed I. And they returned to Joshua and said unto him, "Let not all the people go up, but let about two or three thousand men go up, and smite I that not all the people to labor, and make not all the people to labor thither, for they are not but few." So you could tell they just didn't think much of this city that was in the way. So there went up thither of the people about 3,000 men, and they fled before the men of I. And the men of ice smoke of them about 30 and six men, and they chased them from before the gate, even unto Shabarim, and the smokeote them in the going down. Wherefore the hearts of the people melted, became as water. And Joshua rent his clothes and fell to the earth upon his face before the ark of the Lord until the evening tide. He and the elders of Israel and put dust upon their heads. If we could just pray again, just a a short prayer. Heavenly Father, Lord, as we read of these things, we know that there's a great principle that we can gather from it. And Lord, in the burden that I have tonight to express in a particular way, may your emphasis and your thought not be lost in my own. And may you deal with hearts appropriately. We ask this in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. You can be seated. Tonight, my title is faith or cake. And so now we've we've arrived at this climactic sermon. And that's my title. There's a lot that's meant in this. There's a lot of different directions we can go through this. Uh consider it for just a little bit. We'll just give a little bit of background on why I use this particular title. But Sunday, we're ministered on the final front line. It's that climax of the greatest battle ever fought. That's kind of the line that we're using that in is that in the greatest battle ever fought which is in the mind we're now with Christ the intelligence comes on the battlefield and now we're defeating intellectual faith and emotional faith so that Christ can have preeminence. We were using 1 Corinthians chapter 2 in particular verse 16 it says for who hath known the mind of the Lord that he may instruct him but we have the mind of Christ as we believe that the intelligence has come to us at this end time that it's here to have preeminence in his bride and that we are to allow the the the mind of Christ to grow and to come into preeminence 1 Corinthians chapter 2:es 9 to10 it says but as it is written I ath not seen nor ear heard, neither hath entered into the heart of man the things which God hath prepared for them that love him. But God hath revealed them unto us by his spirit. For the spirit searchth all things, yay, the deep things of God. I want you to think of it this way. We do not need to imagine or conjure up or by any means uh in our flesh try to apprehend the things that God has prepared for them that love him. So we know that we love him. We know that his uh spirit is within us that there's things that God has for us. So we do not need human capacity uh to see the things of God. We don't do it through human conception or through human senses but God will reveal them to us. So we look to revelation. We call upon God for revelation more than anything. And so God want wants us to know him by revelation. And then also he wants us to express him in reality. So it's not just a figment of our imaginations. It's not just a fleeting thought. God does not, we do not need to know God through human activity or human senses. Nor does God merely want him to be a thought in our minds. But he wants to be a reality to us by revelation so that he can be a reality lived through our lives. And I would say that Satan works hard to prevent this. If he could keep you in verse 9, then um I what your eye sees, what your ear hears, and what comes into your heart or your imagination, then he wins because he wants to prevent or distort or fabricate that reality of God. And that's what brings me to that title. Uh maybe it's it might be considered clickbait, but faith or cake. It's that conclusion of sermons that begin with the art of seduction. Uh so it's been several services. And when we use this phrase uh faith or cake, we're drawing from what many of you might be familiar with, the viral phenomena called real or cake. And brother John, if you just want to cycle through these as I go through this, but uh these hyperrealistic cakes appear as an actual object here. This looks like a pickle, but in fact, it's cake. And could you imagine uh playing this this game where he had to uh decide whether or not this pickle was cake? I guess Preston would feel like either way he wins. He loves pickles. cake, that's just fine, too. But what's happening is when we see this, it tricks our senses. We look and you say, "Well, that looks like an onion." Uh, and really it would do better if I had provided a gift for some as who are minded to say, Jeff, I could have appi uh showed it in ways that you look at say, "Oh, that's an onion." But then the knife cuts through it and reveals that it's a cake. But when you look at it, what you see is one thing, but then it creates this conflict where what between what we know and what we see. And because the mind uses schemes or these schema and then the mind begins to respond to it and responding to this new reality, uh it kind of sets up this sensation. And they say that the reason why we're so drawn to these types of videos where something looks like a croc but in fact it's a cake or something looks like toilet paper but in fact it's cake or someone's head. Uh it turns out to be cake. The reason why we enjoy this is our brains enjoy art or some creation that sets up a particular expectation and then violates that expectation. So when we are when I say faith or cake, you're all thinking of the viral sensation realer cake. I think it became real popular in 2020s when nobody had anything better to do than sit indoors wearing a mask and making hyperrealistic cakes. But I want to draw from the phrase real or cake to use faith or cake and not so much uh the principle of our brains being tricked and asking this question is our faith real or is it genuine? And through many of these sermons that we've ministered to this point on the I thought this is one of the best ones. What a burger chicken and biscuit. And I think I'd be vastly disappointed if it turned out to be red velvet cake underneath uh because that chicken and biscuit looks pretty good. But in asking is your faith real or is it fake in this age of artificial influ artificial intelligence? And I was going to spend maybe more time looking into those things and some of those parallels, but I feel that maybe just save it for another time. I don't know that it's really I think we all get kind of where things have gone with respect to artificial intelligence and just how much more shallow we begin to live uh through those processes. But I'm not I haven't been approaching this subject from uh that those sermons on uh the art of seduction and anti-faith and pseudo Christrist and cosmetic Christians and copyr all those things have not been looking at trying to tear down and expose something outside of us in certainly not wanting to destroy your faith but challenge us to identify anything that is lacking in our faith and recognize I'm not my faith isn't resting on the word of God here. I need to reorient my faith to the things that count and the things that matter. As it says in 1 Thessalonians chapter 3:10, Paul is praying and night and day praying exceedingly that we might see your face and might perfect that which is lacking in your faith. As we are to grow into the mind of Christ and grow in God's intelligence, it takes a perfecting of what is lacking in our faith. Something that is deficient, something that is not there. So if we grow, if we're going to perfect that which is lacking, if there's some deficiency, if something is sick, if something's missing or something is mixed in, then the perfecting is the removal of those things that make it mixed. As we want to mix nothing with the word of God, but faith, there's this process of perfecting our faith. So I'm not I'm not trying to expose any one of us as not having the goods or expose any one of us as a fraud, but that we might recognize that place in which our souls which are definitely resting on the word of God where our minds are wondering in resting on things external to the word of God. That's where that greatest battle ever fought lies. Now, as we've been using uh different phrases as it relates to artificial resurrections, artificial conception and and these different things that we've been using lately and pseudo faith, uh we've been looking at how that unbelief can pretend to be belief and in doing so, it is makebelief. And so, another phrase we could be using through this is hybrid religion or hybrid Christianity where there's unbelief masquerading as faith. In the sermon calling Jesus on the scene, Brother Brand, listen to this as he teaches this. And hybriding has gotten into the church, instead of having a real rugged bunch of Bible believers, they have hybrid it by a denomination. Now, brother Brandham uses hybrid as a verb. I don't know if we have that verb in our English language, but this hybriding and in they have hybrid it as to by denomination. And they have to I got this, I got that, I belong to this, and I belong to that. Sounds like a denominational freestyle. They're claiming to have something, claiming to be something. He says it's hybrid. And the one and the thing cannot produce itself again. And he says, "We need a book of Acts." Remember Sunday how we identified a book of Acts will have certain characteristics. Number one, it'll have the word expressing itself. And number two, it'll have the impersonations right next to it. So, but the only way you'll do it is get back to the Bible away from some of this hybrid religion. Hybriding have to be babyed. This is the part to me that really stands out. That says power puffs. Can you change that to say powder puffs or is it too late? That's a typo on my part. You'll hear it in a second. He says, uh, get back to the Bible. Away from some of this hybrid religion, hybriding, have to be babyed. No faith. Just a bunch of powder puffs. Just sisified baby into it. And we're not able to change it. Well, woe is me. Powderpuffs. Sisified baby into it. I say, "Are you a Christian?" I'm Methodist. Are you a Christian? I'm Presbyterian. I'm Pentecostal. That don't mean that to God. You are a Christian because you're born in the spirit and the word of God lives in you. Amen. Now, on the subject of hybriding or something being a hybrid, and that is even taking something that's real or genuine or a seed and mixing it with another seed that produces something that is a mixture of both that cannot reproduce itself. And we know that uh hybriding is the sin of the original sin. And that's where Satan works is in perverting. He cannot bring forth the genuine. And he refers to it here as powder puffs, which is some soft material that's used to put on facial powder. It is a an instrument to apply makeup and then it's used since it would be identified with women who are powdering their face or powdering uh uh uh their cheeks with something that is soft or weak. In my day, I doubt it exists in today's society where we are all politically correct, but we had our football teams and then there was always a powderpuff game where the girls got to play football. And so powderpuff is something refers to something soft or weak or when someone plays something in a feminine way or does something in a feminine way. Brother Ram's identifying hybrid religion as being weak, being babyed. In Acts chapter 19, he says that we've got to get back to the Bible to have a book of Acts again. I want you to see how this spirit continues to work and how that we are looking at whether or not we have faith or cake when you get to the center of our faith, whether or not it's revealed to be the real thing. And it says, "And God wrought special miracles by the hands of Paul, so that from his body were brought unto the sick handkerchiefs of or aprons, and diseases parted from them, and the evil spirit, evil spirits went out of them." What great testimonies by even the garments of the prophet. We believe that in the supernatural, it's able to do this. Now, notice the carnal response to the supernatural. Then certain of the Vegabon Jews, exorcist, took upon them to call over them which had evil spirits the name of the Lord Jesus. Now if we pause for a moment, we already saw in two instances Sunday at least in one in particular where Jews kind of have this uh spiritual side of being exorcist or sorcerers and they're Jews. So, they're not doing it in the name of of some other false god, but they're using what would be their scriptural, their law, their conviction, their tradition, their history. Uh, and they're even calling on the one true God. They're using it in this superstitious way. But these Vegabon Jews, exorcists, took upon them to call over them evil spirits, which had which those which had evil spirits in the name of the Lord Jesus, saying, "We adjure thee you by Jesus whom Paul preachth." Oh, this is kind of an interesting phrasing. And there were seven sons of onekeva. Reader, a Jew, and chief of the priest. This isn't a witch or something. And uh uh but this is a Jew, a chief of priest, his namekea. He's a mind readader which did so. So so these seven sons of this Jew who is a mind reader, an exorcist, someone working in the spiritual realm, someone I would say pretending. And the evil spirit answered and said, "Jesus I know and Paul I know, but who are ye?" They said, "In the name of Jesus whom Paul preaches, come out of the person." And the demon says, "I know Jesus and I know Paul, but I have no idea who you are." So no matter how much they use that incantation or that, "Well, Jesus or Paul or in the name of the message or whatever they tried to use, the evil spirit did not recognize the authority of these seven sons ofKeva." And if it wasn't bad enough that this they were called out by the evil spirit, it says in verse 16, "And the man in whom the evil spirit was leaped on them and overcame them and prevailed against them." So that they ran out of the house naked and wounded. That's an L, right? They took a big L that day, saying, "In the name of Jesus, whom Paul preaches, come out of him." And not only does the demon say, "I have no idea who you are. I can't I don't have to listen to you." It then proceeds to influence the man to beat him up, strip them naked, and they ran out of the house wounded. And this was known to all the Jews and the Greeks also dwelling at Ephesus. So this is at Ephesus. and fear fell on them all and the name of the Lord was magnified. And what I want you to catch is that the false use of the name. The impersonation was exposed and exposing that this isn't child's play. Exposing that there was something very real about this name, it brought this reverence. So the name of the Lord Jesus was magnified. And many that believed came and confessed and showed their deeds. Many of them also which used curious arts, brought their books together, and burned them before all men. And they counted the price of them, and found it 50,000 pieces of silver. So mightily grew the word of God, and prevailed. The imitation was exposed. With the imitation out of the way, the word could grow. Had this uh imitation, and you may say, "Well, brother, there's just a little bit of conjecture there." But in reading this, the story is told that someone heard the word that was preached or the effectiveness of the name of Jesus, then tried to use it in a very superficial way and God did not allow it to happen in the name of Jesus whom Paul preach has come out of the person and there's an exposure of this pretending. And once that pretense was exposed, once that imitation was exposed, the word could come to preeminence. Not everybody was saying, "Oh, well, all I have to do is just intellectually intellectually say this. All I have to do is do this." There was an calling out of that shallowess in order for the word of God to grow and prevail. I hope you're thinking about this in a very serious uh way that sometimes the the fake and that which isn't real has to be exposed for the real to grow. Amen. In the sermon, the choosing of a bride, brother Bam's telling the story about uh those couples who won, they had real genuine love for each other and they lived in a box car and then the other ones lived in the big beautiful house and as soon as they realized it was Brother Brandham at the door, they just pretended to be in love. He says, "You're putting on something that isn't real." Think of this for ourselves. Now, you can't get warm by a painted fire. like some of these churches trying to paint Pentecost as something that happened a thousand years ago or 2,000 years ago. You cannot get warm by a painted fire. Now, to those who would say Pentecost was only 2,000 years ago, they're not even painting a fire. They're just saying there was a fire and it no longer exists today. But with the wrong concept of Pentecost, you can begin to paint fire and it's just a painted fire. Trying to reimagine or reinvent or redo the book of Acts in a carnal way, trying to repeat Pentecost, which what we have received today is not a repeat of Pentecost. And so there's those that try to reimagine it and rework it and get it worked back up. And it's just a painted fire. Brother Vanam says Pentecost is just as real today as it was then. The fire is still falling. It ain't a painted fire. It's a real fire. So just there they was. He said, "I wouldn't want to live like that." Wouldn't want to live in a marriage that had a false love or put on pretense and put on heirs. I would not want to have a religion that was just painted fire that was all pretense. And brother Bam said, "It's painted fire as long as you haven't received that fire. No matter what it might look like on the outside, you cannot get warm by a painted fire. cannot get warm by an intellectual faith cannot be energized even by an emotional faith because that only goes skin deep. So this false imitation here in Acts chapter 19 this impersonation this mimic by using uh gathering information and data watching how something would work was exposed and once it was exposed the word of God grew and then the word of God could prevail. Could you imagine if God just let it slide, continually let something slide and people begin to think, "Oh, all I got to do is this." And then the word of God never has preeminence. So the word grew and prevailed as believers. And if you find how brother Brandham addressed the Ephesian church in the church age book, you find that the believers at Ephesus as they departed from unbelief, the word of God grew. He writes this, "All they did, they did in the name. In that name they acted. But if they could not act in that name, then they refrained from acting. I was really hoping for a little bit louder amen on that. Oh, if they didn't have the character, they had thus sayaith the Lord or kept still. They didn't want to just know what he wanted done. They wanted to know how to do it. They wanted to know the season, the place, and the time for it. If they could not act in character, if they could not act in the name. If it could not be a demonstration and it would only be an impersonation or presumption, they refrained from acting. These were heavenly placed Christians whose behavior was in the Lord. And catch this. But the false vine group that wanted to defile that name hung like skullking wolves in the dark. You ever remember reading that phrase? skullking wolves in the dark waiting to get in in and tear it down. So this is what Satan does. He wants to defile the name. They kind of lurked in the background in the dark waiting as wolves to devour something waiting to get in there and tear it down. But the saint stood the test and kept the word and the name. It's the character. It's the life behind it. That's the real name. So we are taught to let this mind be in you that was also in Christ Jesus. And as that related to the humility of Christ, it's really that mind to know what God wants done with the word. Not for show, not for pretense, not for publicity, not to bring followers to ourselves, but that the name of God could be lifted up. In the sermon, God of this evil age, he says, 'Now he is ready with this careful, selected, educated bride by his own knowledge, all painted up in his deceit of big buildings and big denominations and paints of knowledge and theology and smart and intellectual and educated to deceive the whole world and become a god. This is the spirit of the age that we're living in now. This is what characterizes Leodysia that he can use a painted up to deceive the false bride, false religion, spiritual wickedness is deceitfully painted. Big buildings, big denominations, paints of knowledge and theology, smart and intellectual, educated to deceive the world. That's what he's done. All heading up in the person of the antichrist, which is already crowned the vicor of God by his worldloving scientific bride. all dressed up of impump of intellectual religious education. She is made religious like him and by his own interpretation of the word of God as he did Eve as his son Cain did. This is how Satan is working and moving. This is the subtlety of how he moves today. Think of it more personally in your particular situation. Instead of thinking, "Oh my, the next pope could be the very thing that's going to challenge me at my core." Well, I don't know that you need to worry about that as a believer, but look at how Satan can work very closely to us, even in work situations, school situations, interpersonal situations, and political ways and economic ways, and all sorts of social ways and recreation and entertainment. And all of it is in reality the antichrist, the anti-word trying to scheme in a way to cause you to fail when it comes to the word of God. Amen. I know we could talk about great big moves and religious movements and false ministries, but just think of how he subtly tries to work against you in your mind. You have your own personal battle. The Holy Ghost is to come onto that battlefield and do uh fight for you to win that battle in the mind. And he's fight us in many different ways. What my son Preston may go through may be vastly different than what my daughter has to go through, but they're all fighting their own personal battle to to keep the word at the forefront. Amen. In Philippians 3:es 1-12, he says, "Finally, my brethren, rejoice in the Lord." Amen. He says, "To write the same thing to you, to me indeed is not grievious, but for you it is safe. Beware of dogs. Beware of evil workers. Beware of the concision." Now, beware of dogs isn't for the cat lovers. And he's not don't believe he's talking about canines in particular, but we know that he's talking about in this religious sense. What do dogs do? They always go back. He's talking about them going back to their vomit. Beware of those that would try to take advantage of you. Beware of evil workers. Beware of the concision. Says, "For we are the circumcision, not of Jews, but he says, which worship God in the spirit and rejoice in Christ Jesus and have no confidence in the flesh. This is where I'm wanting you just to kind of rightly divide it within your own hearts to recognize that we do not want to put any confidence in our flesh. That we're not putting our confidence in the flesh of the pastor or the prophet or somebody else. That where our confidence lies is in the word of God and the Holy Spirit that he's given me to feed on that word. And then Paul says, "Though I might also have confidence in the flesh, if any other man thinkketh that he hath whereof he might trust in the flesh, I more Paul the humble one circumcised the eighth day of the stock of Israel, of the tribe of Benjamin, and the Hebrew of the Hebrews, as touching the law of Pharisee, concerning zeal, persecuting the church, touching the righteousness which is in the law, blameless." But he says, "But what things were gained to me, those I counted loss for Christ." Yeah. doubtless and I count all things but lost for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord. Whatever's in the flesh, I don't count it. I look for the intelligence of God. I look for the mind of Christ. Let this mind be in you that was in Christ Jesus. This is him describing how he lays aside everything else in and seeks the mind of God. Amen. Amen. for whom I have suffered the loss of all things and do count them but dung that I may win Christ and be found in him. Not having my own righteousness which is of the law, but that which is through the faith of Christ, the righteousness which is of God by faith. Not by being blameless under the law, not by zeal that persecutes the church, not a Hebrew of the Hebrews, not of your natural lineage, no confidence in the flesh, but in the mind of Christ, that I may know him in the power of resurrection, in the fellowship of his sufferings, being made conformable unto his death. If by any means I might attain to the resurrection of the dead, not as though I had already attained either, were already perfect, but I follow after, if that I may apprehend, here's the growing of the mind of Christ. Here's the releasing of that DNA that's in the word that I may apprehended that for which also I am apprehended of Christ Jesus. This is why he says he leaves everything else behind and he presses toward the mark for the prize of the high calling. He wants to reach forth. He wants to seek deeply. Wants the word to have preeminence. Amen. But Satan fighting against that would want us to trust in our flesh. I have not seen nor ear heard neither has entered into the heart of man. But yet sometimes we're just happy if we see it, if we hear it, if we can imagine it. If we can intellectually conceive it or emotionally feel it, we feel good. But that's the realm that Satan wants you to stay in. Those are the realms of the first and second pool. Those are not the realms of that secret place of the third pool. Amen. And the sermon choosing of the bride, brother Ram said, "And so is the church as it tries to achieve by science, by man-made scheme, is taking you farther away from God and into death more than it was at the first place." Science is that even in the Bible, science so-called, it's the it's that inquiry, scientific inquiry, it's knowledge. It would be the wrong kind of intelligence. He says, "Don't choose your church the same way you did your wife." Wow. All right. I'm listening. This is very interesting. Don't you wish Brother Brandham could podcast on this line alone for a while? Do not choose your church the same way you did your wife. Now, Brother Ram's being pretty hard because then in the sermon, Choosing the bride, he says you you picked her because she was pretty. You chose her because you were physically attracted. So, he says, "Don't choose your church the same way you chose your wife. What science did for her was a marvel, but you better keep away from your church on that. He made paints, powders, and all these other things. Choose by character of his word. He's going to go going to go into more detail, but he says, "Now, let us compare the natural bride of today with the so-called church bride of today." There is a false bride that is achieved through intellect and emotion and through paints and powers. The pretense of a great glorious gospel and a great move of God and all the kind of accutrants that you'd want to have in a church and ways that you could participate, ways that you could feel it, ways that your ears could be tickled. And brother Barham is saying that they have achieved that by the wrong kind of knowledge and that we are choosing our churches and our church experience after the flesh and not by the word of God, not by character. He talks about how if you took all the make off makeup off your wife, it'd scare you to death. And think about some of the churches that are made up. If you really got to the core of how it's run and how it's operated, the things that take place. You know why a lot of people uh the people that end up leaving the word of God are the ones that work closely to those who are preaching it. And sometimes they're leaving because what they see behind closed doors and they lose their confidence. Not in every case but in many cases. in Acts chapter 9:es 9- 24. We're we haven't gotten away from I know you're all going to go out and get cake tonight. I don't know where we can get cake at uh 9 9:00 or whatever it might be, but we want the real thing. Amen. I'm wanting to look at this from the angle of God, search my heart so that anything that's not of you, I would not put my trust in. Maybe it's not a matter of it being ripped out of our hearts and no longer being able to uh have this or do this or do that, but I'm not going to let it have preeminence. I'm not going to put my trust in it. You may be very skilled. You may have a lot of things that whenever things get difficult, you're like, "Oh, well, I can always fall back on that." or you really get challenged in your faith and your belief and you say, "Well, I can always go to that and you have a tiepost and anchor." But if God doesn't want that to be your typost, if that's a false security, then God's going to expose it. So that at the end of the day, you just say, "Lord, I believe in you and that's it. I got nothing else. It's but faith and trust in you." Now, I believe these things are uh taken together with what we ministered on Sunday will represent this and and the uh a broader picture and even these several sermons in a row on this using this challenge. Do we really have faith or is it something that would crumble under pressure? Look at this in Acts 8:es 9 to 24. And there was a certain man called Simon which before time in the same city used sorcery. What is going on with all the witches, exorcists, and wizards in the book of Acts? used sorcery and bewitched the people of Samaria, giving out that himself was some great one. So he used some power to woo the people into thinking that he had wisdom and he had power to whom they all gave heed from the least to the greatest saying this man is the great power of God. There was some attribution to what this man was doing to God and not just attribution to God wherein God would see the glory but rather this man received the glory. Be careful of the 11 in your heart that when a God uses a man to do something that you in the slightest way elevate the man. Remember when we were ministering on divine healing that God will use signs, wonders, discernment, all sorts of miracles so that our faith and our confidence would resolve on Christ. But if it ever begins to loop back into the man, the hands, or the sign, then that you've gotten off of the beaten track and you've missed what God was doing because you make an idol out of the hands. We could argue all day long, well, is that God? Was that God? Was that God? Was that man? Was it real? Was it God? But if your faith doesn't resolve on the word and you make an idol out of the hands of the man, what does it matter? God or not? It didn't accomplish for you what it ought to have. said to whom all gave heed and thought he was a great this man is the great power of God and to him they had regard because that of long time he had bewitched them with sorceries. Remember the Galatians church had be been bewitched into carnal discipline apart from the word of God to make themselves perfect. And then the great change and brother Brandon the church age book says Simon the sorcerer impersonated Peter. That's where I'm drawing that from even in my summary there. He says but when they believed Philillip preaching the things concerning the kingdom of God in the name of Jesus Christ they were baptized both men and women. So they believe Philip when he's preaching they believe and are baptized. Then Simon himself believed also. And when he was baptized, he continued with Philip and wondered, beholding the miracles and signs which were done. Now when you think of this, this sounds to be a great uh uh conversion of Simon the sorcerer. And then the Bible says, "Now when the apostles which were at Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent unto them Peter and John, who when they were come down prayed for them that they might receive the Holy Ghost. For as it yet had he was fallen upon none of them, only they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. Then laid they their hands on them, and they received the Holy Ghost. If you're following your Bibles, just pause for a moment. There's this religious man, this one working sorceries. The word of God comes and the people believe and he in the narrative kind of it looks like as if he believes secondarily after all these other people seem to be grabbing a hold of it. He believes and he follows Philillip and beholds the miracles and signs which are done. So he appears to be continuing. He's with the crowd. He's with the group. He's lingering. He seems to be believing. And now he sees that through the laying on of hands, the Holy Ghost comes. And when Simon saw that through laying on of the apostles hands, the Holy Ghost was given. He offered them money. He wanted to subscribe. He wanted to monetize. He wanted to find ways that he could get a following himself. He offered them money, saying, "Give me also this power that on whomsoever I lay hands, he may receive the Holy Ghost." There's a lot here that we could begin to unpack unpack in that the mind can even reach for something genuine, but have that guile or this uh this leaven of thinking that we can somehow buy it or gain it through our own efforts and means and then utilize it. He was willing to pay for it. Certainly he saw other ways to monetize it, get his money back. But Peter said unto him, this is where you really need to focus. Thy money perish with thee, because thou hast thought that the gift of God may be purchased with money. Thou hast neither part nor lot in this matter, for thy heart is not right in the sight of God. Outwardly as we watch Simon the sorcerer go from a sorcerer and a witch doctor and one who's doing all sorts of signs and wonders to be the people to one who hears the word and believes and is baptized and seems to be following. But then something is done that kind of exposes something in Simon's heart. He's like, I'd like to buy this. I'd like to be able to do what you're doing. And Peter says, your heart is not right. He says, repent thereof of this w thereof. Repent therefore of th this thy wickedness and pray God if perhaps the thought of thine heart may be forgiven thee. Repent so that these things that are still in thy heart can be expuned from you be torn out of your heart. For I perceive that thou art in the gall of bitterness. It's using a language of Deuteronomy where when one would serve other gods that there would be this gall of bitterness and in the bond of iniquity wherein in Proverbs it talks about how sin is bound up in the heart of one. You're in the gall of bitterness and in the bond of iniquity. Very promising response from Simon. Verse 24. Pray ye to the Lord for me that none of these things which you have spoken come upon me. I know in many Bibles it said that he receives the Lord on the headings. But here in this process of his own conversion, something false had to be exposed in his heart. the gall of bitterness and the bond of iniquity. It's that word exposing the unbelief. Think of how that if Peter had just said even for our own instruction, oh well you can't buy this. We all say yeah yet you can't buy this. But yet there's some mechanism in his heart wherein he's following even if it was through his sincerity is there's a pause to expose the impersonation expose the pretending where we could try because you could you imagine what would happen to Simon if he tried to cast out a devil or pretend to give the Holy Ghost by laying on of hands because he had bought that power God could not honor it right there was this critical moment where anything that is not of him anything that's not right needs to be kind of worked out of us to find out whether or not we have faith now Joshua chapter 7 we read this in the beginning so I think I'll just kind of uh summarize this as we read through this in Joshua 7:es 1-6 it tells us that the children of Israel had committed a trespass in the oursed thing and that Achen had taken these thing and that caused God's anger to be kindled against them. We recognize in the scripture through the last several weeks of how that the failure to honor God's word brings about consequences. Says in Joshua chapter 7 21, Achen says, "When I saw the spoils of the goodly Babylonian garment and 200 shekels of silver and a wedge of gold of 50 shekels weight, then I coveted them and took them and behold, they are hid in the earth in the midst of my tent and the silver under it." He was told to have nothing to do with it. But yet through his own greed, his covetousness, he takes them and he hides them in the center of his tent, something that he knew, the spoils, and it was a Babylonious garment 200 shekels of silver and a wedge of gold of 50 shekels weight. And he takes them and he so is covetous of them, he hides them. So this is an air that's in Achen's heart. And we know there's death comes upon Achen as a result of this. But with this transgression against God in unknowns to Joshua, he sends men from Jericho to I and he says, "Go view it to find out, you know, what's next." And if we'll recognize in the pattern of scripture, God had been telling Joshua what to do. And here he just presumes after a great victory, he kind of presumes, "Wow, look how good we are. We destroyed Zer Jericho." And didn't take time to course correct, examine themselves, go before the Lord, and ask God what they could do next. Because had they consulted the Lord, God could have very well said, "Every man needs to sanctify himself in his heart and examined what's at the heart of his tent before he goes forward, lest you meet failure." They could have been challenged in that moment, man by man. The same way that it was done after the fact, it could have been done before the fact had Joshua waited on the Lord and they had examined themselves as they rightfully should have. But they go and when they see these heap of stones, they said, "Well, we don't need to take all of our men. Just two or three thousand because they're but a few." But when they went up, they fled before the men of I. And the men of I smoke them. 36 men die. And they're chased away. And as they're chased away, the courage and the heart of the people melted and became like water. Then Joshua, they fell on their face before God. and they covered themselves with dust because the group that was supposed to be victorious, every enemy would be vanquished before them could not stand before a heap of stones. And I know it's just a little bit of a play on words, but let me put it this way. If you don't resolve those things that are lacking in your faith, you won't be able to meet the challenge of the hour. Amen. I think it was with my son Elliot that was fellowshipping on it that if you if you cannot if there's things lacking you can't you won't match AI the things that are coming upon this earth the tools that the devil uses the algorithm however you want to look at it you are not a match for how much it can hook into your your dopamine cycles and how much it can hook into your habits and your your instinctive things that there's a way that it's going to work against you and it's going to expose any weakness in your heart any area that's not opened up and allow the Lord has allowed to come into. If we're going to conquer, if we're going to overcome, if the word of God is going to grow mightily and prevail, then he's got to go into our hearts and root out any unbelief. I was going to take first Peter chapter 1 as my text. So many things that you could read in here and how that there's going to be uh this revealing at the end time, this grace that is to be brought to us, something that's going to fortify our minds. We're going to g up the loins of our mind. We're going to hope to the end cuz in this battle of the mind we need Christ the word on the battlefront on the front line. Says wherein ye greatly rejoice though now for a season. 1 Peter chapter 1 6 and 7. If need be you are in heaviness through manifold temptations. This is where I want you to think of this that there's suffering and these things. First Pete boy I'm I really need an editor. We got power puffs and first Pete. What else have I missed today? More precarious than gold. Putrified. Lord, help me. I was in a rush today. First Pete. I kind of like that. It's okay. He says, "We greatly rejoice even though now you might be going through it. Don't ever think that your trial, your testing, your manifold temptations, your discouragements, your torment, your torture, whatever it might be, is the evidence that you're not a son of God. Don't count it as evidence that you don't have any faith. Just count your your improper reaction to the test as evidence you need more faith. Be disappointed in your response, but don't question whether or not God loves you. Don't look at and say, "Well, I should have conducted myself better." Do we realize that we could use a particular psychology about our own mistakes to where we would all have to concede we ain't got it. We're just pretending. So, let's figure out a way to make this a little bit more enjoyable to the flesh and then we can start playing church. We have skits, right, on Sunday mornings instead of the word. Wednesday nights could just be uh eg slushies and In-N-Out cheeseburgers or something. It says, "The trial of your faith being much more precious than of gold that perisheth." Your faith is more precious than gold. Why I chose to use gold as faith in the our graphic at the beginning. Though it be tried with fire, your faith is more precious than gold and faith tried becomes purified gold. So that even the trial is more precious to us. Amen. Our faith being tried produces a purified faith that it might be found under praise and honor and glory at the peering of Jesus Christ. He is to perfect that which is lacking in our faith. We humbly come before God and say, "Lord, I believe I have faith. Help thou the unbelief in my mind, the human tendencies, my eye, what my eye sees, what my ear hears, and what enters into my heart. Lord, those things that I humanly put rest my senses on and my imaginations on and my affections on, even if it be towards you, I don't want to be an Limus. I don't want to be a damsel following Paul. I don't be a want to be Simon the Sorcerer. I don't want to be a son ofKeva. I want to I don't want to be a false bride. I want to be a real true genuine believer from that soul realm who puts his trust in your word. Amen. And has confidence in your word that you'll see me through. Amen. And our faith is tried so that we can learn what's cake and what's word. So that we won't be sitting and resting on something that's false. The sermon the oddball there's a number of statements I came across when last year when I was studying on art and how brother Brandham constantly referred to these kind of cheap reproductions of art. He says I can imagine the very first church what they were and compare it with this reproduction today. Remember, brother Brandham saying to all these powderpuff hybrid Christians and how they can't stand the test. They have to be babyed into it. It's a similar thing here. He says this would be a cheap production of what the real first church was. That rugged believers in God with the Holy Ghost. You babyed not them. You didn't have to pat them and tell them. You take them in this one. And if they got get tired that one, they go to another one. You'll make them a deacon if they come over here and leave this other one. That's a hybrid reproduction. People will hold to their post and watch and watch everything die around them instead of obey God. Says, "I was thinking of Michelangelo's original painting, I believe, of the Last Supper. I think he painted it. Leonardo da Vinci, otherwise known as Michelangelo. Here, do you realize what the original picture would cost you? It would be countless thousands of dollars. Would never touch that original because it's beyond price. It's so valued so high. I would love to own a Van Go. And the only way I'm going to do it is if I find one at a flea market that somehow has escaped everyone else's attention. But you can buy a cheap reproduction of it for about $2. That's why people today can't understand the ruggedness of real genuine believers. cheap reproductions won't stand the scrutiny, right? There's even some reproductions that can withstand some scrutiny and be determined to be a really good knockoff, but it's not going to in the end it's still going to be exposed as a fake. Right now, how no matter how long it may exist within the arena as being bonafideed, eventually when examined by the real thing, it's like no cannot be. people today can understand the ruggedness of real, true, genuine, authentic believers. So, I want to bring us to this my last uh scripture reading tonight in Luke chapter 18. Helps me resolve on why I chose to use kind of a catchy title of faith or cake. I saw a video one time of uh Oreos, I think it was, being burnt and uh they they wouldn't burn. And it makes you think, what are in those things? Kind of like leaving certain foods out for weeks and days at a time and nothing touches it. There's no ants, there's no flies, nothing. So fake and synthetic that real things don't want to eat it. Reminds me of the time I was in Africa and I had some, you know, beef jerky that I brought from the States. And as we're driving through these towns or whatever, we see these fish just laying on the ground and sides of meat just hanging in the sun. And I'm driving through and my stomach just is turning. I'm like, "Oh man, how could they eat that? How can they eat that?" And I offered our driver some beef jerky and they were like, "I wouldn't eat that." And it dawned on me, "Wow, this is this is this is fake and synthetic and is not good for they wouldn't want to eat that. It would do worse to their stomach when what the real thing hanging in the sunlight would do to mine. Lord, help us to not have that beautiful looking enticing morsel of something that is so synthetic. It does us no nutritional good. that won't stand in the time of need. If you've ever fallen, if you've ever gotten weak, if you've ever been discouraged, if you've ever backslid or gone into a tail spin, it's not because you're not elect, it's because you were resting in something that wasn't the word. Luke 18:es 1 to8, and he spake a parable unto them to this end. This is what he's wanting to teach them that men ought to always pray. Always to pray and not to faint, become weary or exhausted, give up. So, we're to pray. In our devotion last night, it spoke of this room in a house which was that place of prayer. And that if that one is empty, if it's not inhabited, if it becomes stagnant and old and the hinges of that door rust off, then that's a place of failure. We ought to always pray and to not faint, become weary and exhausted. And this is the parable that he uses to teach us to always be seeking God in this communion and fellowship with him and to not get exhausted or weary. He says there was a city in a city of judge which feared God feared not God neither regarded guarded man and there was a widow in that city and she came unto him saying avenge me of my adversary. and he would not for a while. But afterward he said within himself, "Though I fear not God, nor regard man, yet because this widow troubleth me, I will avenge her, lest by her continual coming, she weary me." Now, think of what's happening here. An unjust judge who keeps having the same woman never give up and keeps coming over and over and over. and he's never responded to this point. But because she knows this man has the power and the and the ability to avenge her of her adversaries, she never stops. Even in the face of no, even in the face of go away, even in the face of not responding, ignored, ignored, ignored, being left on red over and over and over again. Keeps coming, keeps coming, keeps coming. And the Lord said, "Hear what the unjust judge saith. And shall not God avenge his own elect, which cry day and night unto him? There's your seeking. There's your pursuing. There's your diligently following after to apprehend, and to know, though he bear along with them. There's the rebuffing in the same manner that the unjust judge did. He says, I tell you that he will avenge him speedily. But here comes the question. When the son of man cometh, shall he find faith on earth? Right? In other words, the son of man is looking for faith that will not give up. Looking for a faith that will not go back. A faith that'll enter into the promised land and look at a vast arid desert with no grass or water for their cattle and and and and crops and things. But the knows that God promised that if I obey him, this desert will turn into a beautiful lush ground where I can grow the vineyard, I can grow the grain, I can feed my cattle, I can have milk and honey. or will it stop and give up and go back to the wrong side of faith where it can trust in the flesh? When the son of man cometh, will he find faith? He's looking for that kind of faith that keeps coming, keeps going, keeps pursuing even though I doesn't see and ear doesn't hear, ear doesn't hear, and he can't imagine a way out. Can't imagine what it would look like when he didn't feel this way. Can't imagine what it would be like to be healed. Can't can it? But he keeps pursuing God. There's your faith or cake. Faith that endures. It perseveres despite the struggle. Despite the fight, despite the despite the lingering, it can withstand the pressure. The sermon the mighty God unveiled before. He says, "Take a flower that's raised in a hot bed. You have to baby it, pet it, spray it, water it. But that original plant that grows out there on the desert, same kind of a flower, looks like it. It don't get a bit of water, but no bugs get on it. It's rugged. It's real. He said, "Could you compare Christianity with Christianity today with what it was then? You realize how many problems we have today because of the genetics al genetic altering they've done to plants to make them resistant and to make them a certain way. Yet there's something about the original. Could you compare Christianity with Christianity today with what it was then? This speaks to in my heart to my original my inspiration in all this is what what does Christ look like today? Do we have to start dressing up like pilgrims? Should we try to get a beat on what the the the apostles must address and and do we all need to go to Israel and pretend to be Jews? Could you imagine this group what we call Christians today across the world being like those was after Pentecost baby and padded from one church to another something like you don't like say something you don't like get up and walk out could you imagine that no what's the matter it's a reproduction it's a reproduction Michelangelo that created the monument to Moses you can get a reproduction of that very cheap you can get what you can get it from uh forest lawn gift shop online. You can order it online. $50. But the original, the one who painted the Lord's Supper, I guess that original painting would run in the millions of dollars if you could even buy it. I don't even know where it's at, but you can buy a cheap production of it. About a $1.98. I did a puzzle one year for Thanksgiving. Took me a lot longer than just that weekend. It was the Lord's Supper. It was one of the hardest puzzles I've ever done in my life. So, you can even buy the puzzle. And that's what it is today. a cheap Christian, a reproduction, just a church joiner. You can buy them out for a cigarette or a common drink. What's our price? Or a woman with cut hair or painted lips. You can buy her for anything in the fashions of the world, but you can't touch that genuine. That's why I summarized it. The genuine will not sell out for what is fake. Cheap gen those cheap reproductions. He says you can't touch that genuine. I see him in full view. the same yesterday, today, and forever. He says, "Oh, Christian, don't you want to be a real Christian?" And if you want to be a real Christian may not be nec necessary for conversion, though some may need to repent and our young people, repent, be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, call upon the Lord to be saved and that quickening power of God come and regenerate the life of God according to the seed that's in us and produce the power of God down in our souls. But yet, for some of us, what we're needing more is a continual washing and the growing to where all that is fake can be flushed out of us. grow in the mind of Christ. Let it push out all that isn't real. And I could testify myself. I don't like to insert my own testimony into this very often, but to the point that I could speak to this that what I've gone through and experienced many times and I was going to uh include the statement from CS Lewis and how that in all his trials and I think it might have been in his book on grief through everything he went through, God wasn't putting him through a test so that God could figure out what was in him. God knows what he put in you. God knows he he can he can use you if you can just yield to him. But it's us that has to find out what's a house of cards. It's us has to find out what we've been trusted in and relying on is really cake and not faith. That's why I say quite often to us and even this year, we should not be afraid to find out that what I was trusting in was not him. So that we can just refocus, put our trust in him. Amen. A lot of what we go through anymore, I think time and time again as we come into perfect faith and we come to have the mind of Christ is only believe, trust him, trust and obey. I want to trust in him. I'm learning to trust. He's teaching me. I can trust. We're coming to that place in the absence of all sorts of fanatic in our own garden of Gethsemane as it were. When it seems as if we're coming to the end, we can say, "Lord, I believe in you. Not my will but thine. Lord, examine me. find what is lacking. See if there be any wicked way in me and Lord just purge me, purify my heart, my mind in the battle in this mind. Let me say it again. If you haven't been born again, you must be born again. To those of us who've been born again, as we've been born again, as we have, we want the mind of Christ to be in us by the renewing of our mind be transformed into Christ's today. Let's bow our heads in prayer. our musicians, you could come. Brother Phillip, if you could be ready to me just turn it over to you shortly. Let's stand to our feet. Let's pray together. You even challenge yourself and the devil's trying to allure you, trying to entice you. Say, "Not devil. I ain't eating cake today. No cake for me. Sorry, I don't want it. I want the real thing. Heavenly Father, Lord, tonight as we close this service, as we ponder our own condition, our weaknesses, and the things that we fight and struggle and try to work through, Lord, it can be very difficult. I know in my own life through some of my darkest trials and things that I've suffered that the devil could just get me to be afraid and I would I'd start to worry and I'd start to fret. That's when I would act out of character. And Lord, I desire tonight that you would continue this great healing that you've begun in my life toward even when I do something wrong or made a mistake, I can with confidence as a son come back to you and say, "Lord, forgive me. I've been wrong. I I haven't done what I ought to." And Lord, it's when we let the devil push us around and we begin to kind of want to be babyed and we start pouting and we start wallering and we start whining that you begin to say, "Why cry? Speak. I've done enough. I've shown you enough. I proved enough. Take it. Be rugged. You're built for it. Oh, Lord, I pray that we could rise up. Meet the challenge of the hour. Not because we trust in our flesh, but because we trust in your word. My faith is resting solidly on you said. Lord, may we not venture or presume to be able to defeat Aiiah. But Lord, examine ourselves knowing that if there be any weakness, any gall of bitterness, any stronghold of iniquity, Lord, that it will be exposed when we face the enemy on that battlefield. And it had to the extent it's been exposed, Lord, we just say, "Father, forgive us. We ventured without authority. We got weak. We got in the flesh. Lord, forgive me. Make me strong, Lord. Purify my heart. I want to do what's right in your sight. Bless us tonight. those who are here, gathered in your presence, who've looked to you, who've listened. May we be like that woman in Luke chapter 18. May we never give up, never turn away. May we have the kind of faith that won't wilt under pressure, that won't be stamped out because of a no. That won't reverse course and go back, but we'll have the kind of faith that the Son of Man is looking for. Rugged, perseverant, believing, strong. It's got hair on its chest. Amen. Help us, Lord. I pray in this end time to rise above it all, rise to the challenge. Lord, even as the song is being played, I want to set my wings to the winds of faith, knowing that if I could just take what you've put in me and placed in me, this innate ability by the new birth that according to your word, I'll rise above it all. Bless your people tonight as we worship. We ask all this in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Thank
