################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-16 - Unwaxed - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-11-16
Title:   Unwaxed
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yOojtRhk50
========================================

Description:
Unwaxed
Sunday Service: November 16, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Paul and Timoththeus, the servants of Jesus Christ, to all the saints in Christ Jesus, which are at Philippi, with the bishops and deacons. Grace be unto you and peace from God our Father and from the Lord Jesus Christ. I thank my God upon every remembrance of you always in every prayer of mine for you all making request with joy for your fellowship in the gospel from the first day until now. What what writing just rich beautiful words. He says, "Being confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ, even as it meat for me to think this is of you all, to think this of you all, because I have you in my heart. In as much as both in my bonds and in the defense and confirmation of the gospel, ye are ye all are partakers of my grace. For God is my record. How greatly I long after you all in the bowels of Jesus Christ." And this I pray, that your love may abound yet more and more in knowledge and in all judgment, that ye may approve things that are excellent, that you may be sincere. And that's where my focus is today is on this word sincere. That you may be sincere and without offense till the day of Christ, being filled with the fruits of righteousness, which are by Jesus Christ unto the glory and praise of God. Amen. Man, what what a writer he was. You can be seated. My title today is unwaxed. I found myself using this as a working title and even entitling the service today that uh for some reason unwaxed kept coming to my mind and maybe it was a little bit triggering uh but unwaxed is the word that we're using for our title. It may seem a little bit unique and you may allow your mind wonder, but the imagery is meant to draw you to what is intended behind this is that has something to do with uh clay and pottery as we were using on uh this past service on earth and vessels. If you could look at 2 Corinthians chapter 3:1 18, we'll just start um we'll start right here in uh here. And if I need to, brother Joshua, grab another microphone, just let me know. I notice there's some drops, but you keep working as you're doing, I'm not bothered by it at all, but to the extent that I need to change, just let me know. Verse 18, in 2 Corinthians 3:18, it says, "But we all with open face beholding as in a glass the glory of the Lord, are changed into the same image from glory to glory, even as by the spirit of the Lord." We are privileged now to be looking into the word of God. This Bible has become a new book. Therefore, when we looking into the word of God, we're actually seeing him with greater clarity and a greater intensity. And so, as we behold the Lord in this glass, Paul using this phrase glass wants us to think about the fact that when we see Christ, we should see ourselves. &gt;&gt; Maybe not as we are, but what we can become. So, he says we're changed into that. So, what we're beholding has power to change what others behold in us. So by beholding Christ's beauty uh our characters transformed into Christ's image by the word even as by the spirit of the Lord as it says here we use the example in Exodus how that Moses's face radiated with God's glory and this was the when he met with God and communed with God there was this visible evidence of God's presence after having met with him and it was so radiant that he he actually veiled his face before the people uh because it it was something that shook them, something they couldn't quite comprehend. And so Paul is using that as an example of how that well, when Moses stood before the people, there was a veil over his face so that the people couldn't see his glory, but when he returned back into the presence of God, he took the veil off so that that it could be face to face. And Paul is using that as an example of how that communion with God changes your image. But yet, if there's a veil in the way, then it keeps the the presence of God from impacting you. And the veil will keep you from seeing God's presence. And he's pointing out how that the veil kept Israel from seeing the glory of God in the prophet. Follow me? That there was a veil over Moses's face to cover the glory of God that was in the prophet. And so, it's the same thing today. A veil Paul keeping Israel from recognizing and knowing God even as it was in Moses. They couldn't see it in Christ. And veil hides his glory. Is it getting worse? &gt;&gt; Which one do you want me to grab? I prefer maze or blue. &gt;&gt; Okay, good. Praise the Lord. That's a sign. I don't know if you knew this, but in The Chosen, that uh great gospel series that you can all binge as families, Jesus chose blue when he chose what he was going to wear over the scarlet and whatever else was in there. He chose blue. So Paul's saying we all with open face can see the glory of the Lord and it changes us. The veil is what keeps us from seeing his glory. And the verse picks up in chapter uh chapter 4 verse one. But then as you continue to read in verse 7, but we have this treasure in earth and vessels. You are the earth and vessel. You're this vessel of clay. And you have a treasure in it that the excellency of the power may be of God and not of us. What's the treasure in the earth and vessel? His glory. &gt;&gt; That's what uh that is what the treasure is. A treasure is what's things laid up in a treasury. So then you are the treasury and the treasure that's in the treasury is the glory of the Lord. You're a clay vessel that holds the glory of God and that actually if you're holding the glory of God then you reveal it. You're a source of the sunlight is what we used on Wednesday. And so God has I want you to start thinking of it in this way and this is where my mind has been going as we've been on this subject of art. There's different artistry and there's different fields of art. We've been thinking about this process of forming clay into something useful. And so God has formed clay for the purpose of himself dwelling inside of you. And a potter that's one that's an artist who works with clay. Uh the ceramicist is something that some people say and they say, "Are you a ceramicist?" And I said, "No, and I'm not a narcissist either." But in Job 10:es 8 and N says, "Thy hands have made me and fashioned me together round about yet thou dost destroy me. Remember I beseech thee that thou hast made me as the clay, and wilt thou bring me into dust again?" And and what's being expressed here is that God, he's saying, God, you form me as a potter would form a vessel of clay. And in making that clay, God, the potter has absolute power over it, that he can make it whatever he wants it to be. And at any moment, he has power to tear it back down again or to cast it aside. So this thigh, your hands have made me and fashioned me as a potter would the clay. Uh ceramics is maybe the term that's used for the the general uh area of art or the genre of art. It's the art of making objects from clay, earthn wear, stone wear or porcelain. Those are different things that are done. But you have an an artist, an artisan who will take the clay and fashion it into something, an object. It may just be for the purpose of art, but us most usually these artisans were making something for daily use to hold something and for some utility. And so Job drawing from this labor of someone fashioning the the earth and clay into an object, he says, "God, you've made me in the same way." Jeremiah 18 verse 6. And those first five verses of this chapter would be good for you to go back and read. Oh house of Israel, can I not do with you as as this potter? Sayaith the Lord, behold, as the clay is in the potter's hand, so are ye in my hand, oh house of Israel. This is God now liking himself to a potter. He's saying, "As I deal with Israel as a nation, you should think of it in the sense of Israel being this lump of clay and I'm the one that's fashioning it and forming it." And that's the same way that Job looked at himself as an individual. I think that's how we ought to look at ourselves. God even himself uses this artist of a ceramicist, as a potter, as being an image of what he does. And so God using this example of a potter working with clay, he's using it to describe the work that he does in us, the work that he's doing for us. So if you look at where we were in our text in Philippians chapter 1, I know you're probably already trying to figure out in your mind, how is he going to get to wax? Well, we'll get there. In Philippians chapter 1, we'll read just verses 6, 7, and 8. For now, and then pick up in verse 9 here in a moment. being confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it or perfect it until the day of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; So God is likens himself. He says, I I'm like a potter who's at the will forming clay. And that's the work that he's doing. He's taking these materials, these raw materials, these natural materials, which you are in your flesh, and he's saying, "I am forming it. I'm fashioning it. these things even of your spirit and your soul. God is as a potter working with you. He says, "I've started this. I will perfect it." &gt;&gt; And I want you to think of it this way. Not just finish it. Say, "Well, I'm done." It's kind of like some of these competitions where five, four, three, two, one, hands off and you're finished. No matter no matter if it is complete, he's done. No, he's saying, "I will complete it. &gt;&gt; Whatever it takes, I will perfect it. Even as it is meat for me to think this of you all, because I have you in my heart, in as much as both in my bonds and in that defense and confirmation of the gospel, ye all are partakers of my grace, even this labor that Paul submitted himself to a and ministering the word of God. He says, "We're all partakers in this because he has from one lump made us. For God is my record. How greatly, how long after you all in the bowels of Jesus Christ." So this Paul is describing and he's associating himself with this great work that God is doing in the believer. And this work which God has started he will finish. In Isaiah 29:16, surely your turning of things upside down shall be esteemed as the potter's clay. You'll recognize Paul picking up on this theme in Romans. For shall the work say of him that made it, he made me not. The clay doesn't form itself. It doesn't make itself. So the clay having been fashioned into something cannot look to the very hands that formed it and say, "Well, you didn't make me." Or shall the thing framed say of him that framed it, "He had no understanding." So who is it? Who's the maid to reply to God, "You don't know what you're doing." Let me help you out here. And again, it's this image of something being formed out of clay, an earthn vessel. Isaiah 64:8 says it this way very beautifully. But now, oh Lord, thou art our father. We are the clay, and thou are thou our potter, and we all are the work of thy hand. God uses himself as a potter working with the earth, with clay. Now, our reply to God is, you are our father. And then in this image of a potter working with the clay, we are the clay. You are the one that's fashioning this clay. You're the one that has a vision. You're the one with the understanding. And so therefore we are the work of your hand. This is the image that Paul is drawing from when that this you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ. Philippians 1 vers9. And this I pray that your love may abound yet more and more in knowledge and in all judgment. I'll just read to verse 11 then we'll come back to this. That ye may approve things that are excellent. that you may be sincere and without offense till the day of Christ, being filled with the fruits of righteousness which are by Jesus Christ unto the glory and praise of God. This is a mouthful. There's so much here. So this that you may abound yet more and more in knowledge and in all judgment. And it's your love that may abound. So this abounding love, notice how that it manifests. manifest in a more comprehensive and a more complete knowledge of God and discernment by that knowledge. Do you realize the more that you know about God and his word, the more you know about everything? &gt;&gt; So when some people say they know everything or they act like they know everything, just start getting into the word to find out how much they really know. Because the more you know about God, the more you know about everything. That may be a risky proposition to throw out there, but I hope you could kind of extrapolate from that. you know what my point would be and the the ultimate uh logic behind that, but that he's saying your love would express itself in the knowledge that you have in the way that you use that knowledge to discern. And he speaks of this growth, this abounding. It speaks of a growth which strengthens your spiritual sense. Not your natural abilities necessarily or not that you're going to get taller or thinner or or stronger, but you have the spiritual sense to know. Oh, and he uses the phrase, excellent things. Isn't that what we want? We want to know excellent things. Things that excel. Not only good things, but the best of things. Not just what suffices, but what satisfies that what what is actually good in the eyes of God. And this superior excellence that he's referring to and that he's talking about these excellent things, they're they're they're hardly discerned, rarely discerned except by mature Christians that it's not you're not stumbling into something and then getting lucky. But these excellent things are something that a mature Christian hones in on. Can look at a situation or feel something and begin to think about their experience and what God has shown them. And they say, I their experience is a great teacher. Therefore, our experiences with God should teach us something. &gt;&gt; And as we have more experiences in his presence, if we had uh church services or special meetings and there's a dynamic move of God and that experience of his presence and the stirring in our souls and maybe we cry and whether we dance or the gifts manifest themselves, that's an experience in the presence of God. And what we should do is learn from that so that it causes us to grow and to propel us forward. Not create this dynamic where we think that that's the ultimate and that's what we long for, we want to come back to. That's akin to a drug addict. &gt;&gt; That's akin to somebody who has an eating disorder that they eat in order because they can't. They want to just uh they just want to taste it. They want to taste it. Want to taste it and then they get obese. We don't want to be spiritually obese. And that's what can happen when we're when we're not growing from our experiences and learning from our experiences. And so there's this superior excellence that is discerned by a mature Christian. One of the phrases that I'm drawing from in this is that when something is waxing, it's increasing. Find a scripture often referring to strength or age. Waxing old or waxing great in strength. A waxing moon is one that's increasing. A waning moon is one that's decreasing. And to wax is to grow bigger or greater, to increase. So he's saying that your love may wax more and more. And I'm already causing you to flip things around and think, well, but then we're what's unwaxed? In Hebrews 5:14, it says, "Strong meat belong to them that are full age, mature, who can handle it? Even those who by reason of use experience have their senses exercised to discern both good and evil. This is partly what Paul is referring to that if our love abounds yet more and more in all knowledge and in all judgment or discernment, then we're able to approve things that are excellent. We've matured. We've grown. And we've had our senses exercised. And experience with God. and the application of the word in our lives has caused us to wax to a point to where we handle situations differently than we've ever handled them before. It's been here before. I've done it wrong before, but now I've learned my lesson. I know how to treat this or address this. And so, we're maturing and by reason of use, we can judge properly. &gt;&gt; We read in in John chapter 3 21, we've been reading these scriptures as of late. But he that doeth truth cometh to the light, that his deeds may be made manifest, that they are wrought in God. So this is the power of light. This is the power of discernment and judgment. We come to the light so that the light can judge us. This is the power of being in God's presence. This is the power of even having our senses exercised by experiencing the word of God by our love abounding more and more in knowledge and all judgment. We come to the light that our deeds, our thoughts, our actions, our lives can be examined by the light. &gt;&gt; Then Paul building on that in Ephesians chapter 5:es 8 to13 I believe building on this principle says ye were sometimes darkness but now are ye light in the Lord. Walk as children of the light. In thy light we shall see the light. It's when you're in the light of God that you actually know what light is. Says for the fruit of the spirit is all goodness and righteousness and truth. This is what ought to be coming from us as vessels. Proving what is acceptable unto the Lord. Now we are our lives become the proof. Proving what is acceptable under the Lord and have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them. Now you're the reprover. Now are you light. If we come to the light that our deeds may be reproved or may be examined, then therefore when we become light, we have the capacity to reprove. So we don't have fellowship with the evil works of darkness, but rather we reprove them. We expose them. For it is a shame even to speak of those things which are done of them in secret. But all things that are reproved are made manifest by the light. For whatsoever doth make manifest is light. &gt;&gt; So therefore now you are light in the Lord. We become light to reprove and approve. We've been made light so that we don't continue in darkness so that we can identify darkness. We can identify light and then walk as children of light in the light. &gt;&gt; This is a beautiful picture that's painted throughout these scriptures. So therefore, we are to approve excellent things by the light, the understanding, the wisdom that is in us. &gt;&gt; Because Jesus says, if the light that is in thee be darkness, how great is that darkness? because then your understanding approves darkness is light and that's error. Woe unto him who does that. So Paul says that we may approve things that are excellent that we may be sincere and without offense till the day of Christ. Now that is quite a challenge to be unoffensive. And I know that some may immediately begin to think of a woke mind virus right that plagues people where we don't want to offend anyone. That's not what's being spoken of here. But he's speaking of an inward sincerity that you may be sincere. This is a single eye to the word. The sincerity speaks of a pure heart. This th this is what we should be desiring. This is the focus of what I mean by unwaxed something pure. It it ties back to uh the mixed media and some of those things we've been speaking on. The thing the poisons, the things that contaminate the le the leavenven in our spirits. This is an inward sincerity where you have a single eye to the word. You're not double-minded. There's no double- tongedness. You have a pure heart. And not just an inward sincerity, but an outward outwardly unoffensive where you're holy and unblameable. Where outwardly unoffensive means outwardly you don't offend the word. &gt;&gt; Because we have this attitude, well, it's what's in the heart that counts. And in my heart is love and in my heart is peace. But outwardly I'm a murderer. &gt;&gt; Right. outwardly I stir things up. It's like, but you know what? I know I killed those people, but in my heart I loved them and and and I'm sincere in my heart. And there's a a a lie. I know that's maybe an extreme example, but I use it so that we can begin to think maybe more practically of how that this idea of what's in the heart counts alone without it being outwardly manifested. What Paul is saying is that what what is unoffensive outwardly speaks of what is pure inwardly that we would be holy and unblameable filled with fruits of righteousness. This unoffensive or without offense. It means not striking against or stumbling. And it has a a meaning in the Greek which is very beautiful. So let me put it this way that you may be sincere and without offense means that you will become pure and smooth. Smooth. Would you like that? Isn't that what we all want to be? Suave, right? We want to be smooth. That you may be sincere and without offense. Pure and smooth. The word sincere in the the Greek here means unsullied or unmixed, unadulterated, found pure. This is this is the meaning behind it. the sincere and the and the joining together of these words uh that are that are used in the in the Greek it says found pure when unfolded and examined by the sun's light. The word literally means judged by sunlight. We've already looked at in the scripture how God is going to judge all things by Jesus Christ. He's going to judge the world by his son Jesus. &gt;&gt; Judgment comes by the son. As the father's judged, I have judged. There's a standard. Jesus Christ is going to judge the world. And so this word and then we are judged by the light. And then when the light is in us, we judge by the light. We approve things that are excellence. We re we reprove things that are dark. It means to be judged by the sunlight. The the two uh words are the prefix and the suffix is Haley. The sun's ray. Literally the sun's ray is what the the sun the the sin seir is the sun's ray in kro which is judge or to determine or to decree. It's what mean to if something's sincere it's tested as genuine. So to be sincere it means pure unmixed unadulterated free from pretense or falsehood. Something sincere it's whole. It's intact. If we were to use this phrase today and just look it up in our dictionary and and right under uh right in the same listing in our dictionary of brain rot and 67 as they've made these over the last few years these are words of the year and how in the world these these become official words. It's amazing. But sincerity means the virtue of one who communicates and acts according to the entirety of their feelings, beliefs, thoughts, and desires in a manner that's honest and genuine. It's a mouthful, but think of it. The virtue of one who communicates in a way that's consistent with the way they feel. &gt;&gt; One who acts in a way that fits their beliefs. Notice it to be sincere, the the opposite of that would be hypocritical. &gt;&gt; Someone's honest and genuine. That they say what they're thinking. And it I'm not advocating for not having any filter, but what I would say is that if if saying something would offend unnecessarily or be literally hurtful or contrary to the word of God, filter, right? But if someone says I I if you if you're going to say something and say, "Are you okay? Did I offend you?" And you're like, "Oh, no. I'm fine, you dirty devil." Right? That that there's a certain way where you're not being sincere. that that if if someone wants to know there's a way perhaps you could communicate which is which aligns with how you're actually feeling. I've given been given a lot of thought to this as I've mentioned before I've been studying on the thought of community and the scripture I've been drawing from is they have all things in common. So, I'm trying to do the math that how many cars do we have of a certain type that the the rest of us can just sell ours and buy uh what everybody else is driving and the fewer fewer people are impacted that way. So, I'm just trying to do the math. We can have all things in common. But there is certainly a misunderstanding of what that means. So, I've been thinking a lot about relationships within community, what it means to have all things things in common. And I I was realizing this that when people are sincere, sincere people are more comfortable to be around. &gt;&gt; And the reason why is sincere people communicate and act in a way that's consistent with how they're feeling. &gt;&gt; Um I was fellow with brother Joshua um the other the other week and we're fellowshipping and he made the comment. He says he he's people usually misunderstand him and they don't know what he means. And I was thinking, man, I've always felt like I've connected and understood where you're coming from. And I said, "I'm starting to rethink our five years fiveyear relationship. Maybe I haven't understood you. Maybe I didn't know what you meant." And we we were laughing and having fun with that. But the the point is when somebody when you know that you can trust what they're saying and that when they communicate and act, it's consistent with how they feel. You're not always trying dec to decode what they're saying. &gt;&gt; You're not always trying to untangle their motives and the things that they're trying to do. In other words, people who are sincere are comfortable comfortable to be around because they're not they're uncomplicated, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; If you say, "Hey, do you want to go to lunch?" And they don't want to go to lunch. You know what they're going to say? No, I don't want to go to lunch. They're they're not going to say, "Well, what is lunch?" Just tell me, do you want to go to lunch or not? Any if they're sincere, they can speak they can speak honestly about how they're feeling. So there's a there's a lot that I mean in this idea when Paul says sincere and without offense, there's a lot that's meant in the sincerity. They're genuine. They're honest. They're not hypocritical. In first Corinthians chapter 5 6,7 and 8, your glorian is not good. So there's this insincerity that is bound in pride. Sincerity that we'll see what I'm using this scripture for is to show you that sincerity is bound uh bound up in truth. There's an insincerity that's bound up in pride. There's a sincerity that's grounded in truth and then upheld by truth. He says, ' Know ye not that a little levaven leaventh the whole lump? That would speak to insincerity. If something's sincere, it's unmixed. It's pure. And so there's this hypocrisy or this um guile that one would have that kind of impurifies or soleies their motives and their objectives and their actions. So he says, "Purge out the old leaven that you may be a new lump as ye are unleavenvened. For even Christ our Passover is sacrificed for us. Therefore, let us keep the feast, not with old leaven, neither with the leavenven of malice and wickedness, but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth." &gt;&gt; The word that's used here when he says sincerity and truth, it's a there's several different words in the old New Testament used for sincerity. This one means clearness. The sincerity that's evoked here is to be genuine or unmixed without deceit. So it fits our English word of sincerity and it's it's very close to the sincere judged by the sunlight. I think it's the same uh two different words that are speaking of the same thing. This clearness to be genuine. And so Paul says purge out the old leaven the these influences. uh he says 11 of malice and wickedness where there's the malicees there's no shame in disobedience the wickedness would be judging incorrectly where you call evil good there's a lot that I think he's pointing out here but he says that we would do it while we partake in the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth if I could say this sincerity without truth makes you sincerely wrong &gt;&gt; so brother Brandham said he said said it many different ways that uh you may be sincere but if you're wrong you're just sincerely wrong. So sincerity cannot excuse error. So I'm not advocating for an unscriptural sense of sincerity where we're just all sincere and as if you're wrong, if you're an error, if you're sinning, as long as you're sincere, you're going to be okay. No, sincerity and truth have to be joined together &gt;&gt; because he says, "Let us keep the feast without the leavenven of malice where there's this no shame in being offensive and this wickedness where you call those things which are offensive good or unoffensive in by eating this unleavened bread of sincerity." In truth, malice is that evil habit of your mind, your motives, your objectives, the things you're thinking. And wickedness is the outcome. Whereas inward inwardly being sincere is this singleness towards the word, this purity of mind and heart and then you're outwardly unoffensive. So that the to be sincere and without offense is the opposite of malice and wickedness. Keeping the feast, what he's referring to communion with Christ, the word this who is the the pascal lamb, Christ our Passover. What does that refer to? that time of the Exodus where they feasted in the time of the Exodus in that moment of desperation the death angel's going to be passing over they were given a word that they had to observe and they had to keep that feast Paul is saying now we're keeping the feast Christ but we need to do it with unleavened bread of sincerity and truth in the sermon the token brother Brandham says this and and I'm going to read a lengthy statement here it's just so beautiful but this taps into brother Brandham's teaching on sincerity says could you imagine than a Jew in the Old Testament coming down with his lamb to make an offering. He was obeying Jehovah what he said to do to him. What he said do to him that went on. He accepted the sacrifice. He seen the lamb died. His hands was bloody with the dying lamb. He went back home justified because he came in sincerity. That was fine. But after a while, it became a tradition. Remember Jesus said, "You've made my commandments of none effect by your traditions. And man said, 'You know, this is the Passover time. We better go do this, and I've got to offer a lamb. It became a place you could buy a lamb and get somebody else to offer it for him. That's what the the temple had become. And Jesus is casting them all out because no one was bringing their own lamb, right? They came with their um their bitcoin and they and they and they bought they traded for a lamb. They bought a lamb at the temple. And so there there was not the same offering anymore. He says it became a creed. It became a dogma in the church. And I think this is important to recognize that there's ways that things can become outwardly uh outwardly aligning with the word of God. But the mechanisms by which it's accomplished is human &gt;&gt; fear, control, pride, pretense. You all know what that feels like. And if you don't, what I'm doing is I'm identifying that uncomfortable feeling you had for many years and trying to serve God and trying to be honest before the Lord and with the message. But the way that it was try, it was being forced in your life, it wasn't because you didn't believe the message. It's not because the message was wrong. It was because it was being used insincerely. &gt;&gt; So he says it became a creed. It became a dogman. God said the very sacrifice that he required became a stink in his nose. There's a lot of scriptures we could use, but I'm trying to be very focused here because it was offered without sincerity. So God rejects obedience that's insincere. And he says, we Pentecostal people are getting in that same stage. That's right. I really want this to hit home. We come down till the sincerity's gone among us. We come in and try to take in people into the church like the other church does to get big crowds and so forth in our churches. We should never do that success. WE'VE GOT TO COME TO sincerity and there die as dead as we can be that the blood of Jesus Christ and the token can come upon us. It makes a person a different person. &gt;&gt; SO HE SAYS IT'S GOT TO THERE'S GOT TO BE sincerity joined with this. I I love how that we're able to see these two sides. We all say, "Well, which way is it? Which way is it?" You can be sincerely wrong, but now you can be insincerely right. &gt;&gt; And so, we need sincerity and truth. &gt;&gt; It it it's this balancing to come to the REAL HEART. WE'VE GOT TO COME sincerely so that we can be made a different person. He says, "A woman can get up there and go away. She wants to obey every scripture in the Bible regardless of what takes place. A man the same way." no denomination, no creed or nothing else can ever separate uh him from the love of God that he found there at the altar if he'll continue to follow the way of the Lord. So he's saying that there is a place we can come to if we have these means or these traditions. I think brother Brandham even teaches us that prayer lines are a Pentecostal tradition. Even he likens it even to a a Hebrew tradition, a Jewish tradition. And there's nothing wrong with prayer lines. DON'T EVER GET THAT in your head that there's something wrong with laying hands on the sick. It's scriptural. You say, "Well, the the the altar, coming to the altar and praying, well, that's this and that's that and that's an old Methodist thing there and that's an old Baptist thing there." Well, there's there may be histories and etmologies to the things we do and they may be tradition. But what brother is saying it's when it becomes solely a tradition, that's what where it loses its power because you can do it. You just check the box. But when you come sincerely to an altar because you want to meet God there, he's saying YOU CAN LEAVE THAT altar a changed person. When you come sincerely through the prayer line believing that the lay hands on the sick and they shall recover and you're looking to the word for your healing, you can receive healing. &gt;&gt; But if you don't if you come insincerely even though it may be right, YOU GET THE WRONG KIND OF TASTE and you create this loop cycle of experiences and you don't get up from the altar. You don't leave the prayer line having met God and been a different person. &gt;&gt; He says, "But today we don't have the sincerity to it. We just take it as just a tradition." Well, our fathers did this. &gt;&gt; I think we do have many traditions. I would even argue that our Sunday morning service, our Wednesday night services are traditional. We do these things traditionally. But then if you we approach it sincerely, not just by tradition, not just because it's the calendar. Just think how awesome thanksgiving can be. &gt;&gt; If we don't just approach it as tradition, but it's with sincerity, sincere thanksgiving in our hearts, a moment of reflection in terms of what God has done for us and appreciation for the people that you gather with. I think that regardless of uh I I guess I need to be careful how I say this, the filters are working that we should strive, we should for those that have hurt us and offended us and even those who've done great harm to us, we should bring them before the Lord in prayer that perhaps God could help us to understand a person and maybe even see they're good. But I believe what brother that in doing so even with certain people you can be thankful for something. So we must never be insincere. Jesus said in Matthew 15:8, "This people drawth nigh unto me with their mouth outwardly righteous and honorth me with their lips." So there's this external uh right conduct, obedience as we referred to it a moment ago, but their heart is far from me. So outwardly they appear unoffensive, but inwardly they're not sincere. What does it become? Vain worship. It's empty. It if the heart's not connected with it, then then God's not pleased with it. just seeing what I had written down here on this slide. I kind of like the way that I phrased that. Hey, this isn't even AI. And by that I mean not Aaron's intelligence. Insincere worship is externally correct but internally disconnected. Where did I come up with this? I should have I should have put that in my notes. [snorts] There's something that may look right outwardly, but if the heart's not if the heart's not in it, then it becomes disconnected. Brother Brandham in approaching these things in the sermon communion, you should recognize the date in this. This is these are the last words we hear from him. He says, "You don't take the Lord's supper by a tradition. You take it because it's the love of God in your heart in keeping the commandments of God. That's what you take it for. So if you don't take it in sincerity, just it's a tradition. Well, our church observes communion every Sunday or once a month or twice a year, you go up and say, "Well, it's my time." I noticed I think that's shows that um the frequency isn't so much what matters because whether you do it every Sunday, once a month, or twice a year, what matters is that you do it because it's right. It's truth. But what undoes it all is insincerity. Well, our church observes communion. Well, it's time and then take communion. It's a stink to God. That's just a tradition. Even like anything else, you've got to be sincere. God, and the phrase he uses, and he uses this over and over again when he talks about sincerity, God wants the depths of your heart. &gt;&gt; Brother Benham uses the deepness of your heart, the depths of your heart to refer to uh the sincerity. You remember the very God that brought you here on earth is the one you're serving. &gt;&gt; So there's thoughtfulness to this. You're doing this because he said so because it's his order. I believe that's the way we should approach Wednesday nights and Sunday mornings and as we have services is I'm not doing this traditionally. I'm not just doing this because brother Aaron rang the church bell and it's time to go to church. I'm doing this because God who brought me here and the one I'm serving in his word tells me that I should do this. Amen. &gt;&gt; Then when we want to come up with deepness of sincerity because it's inward, it's depths. It's in the heart. Knowing that by God's grace that we have been saved, that's the deepness. The Bible even speaks of the deepness of earth. It's the depth that your love may abound more and more. It's that depth of love that allows the the the abounding, the growth, the waxing. I was fellowshipping with brother RH and we were having a conversation about lawyers and I asked him if he knew why they buried lawyers 20t deep when they died and he didn't know and I said because down deep they're good people and so there has to be depthness deep when you said they're there's a deepness to them down deep they're a good person they MAY HAVE A LOT OUT FRONT BUT deep deep inside they're sincere &gt;&gt; he says and we love him and we felt his presence and we see it change our lives it comes back to the changing We can't just try to activate the word of God uh because we we don't like the way we're feeling. I this is some transparency that perhaps maybe um I I'm I'm very careful to share. I tremble thinking about it, but I can remember as a teenager in high school being bound with such great depression and ideiations. And I can remember listening to the message, weeping and crying, standing in front of the tape player in in in the middle of the night in the darkness of my room, crying, saying, "God, help me. God, help me. I don't want to feel this way. I DON'T WANT TO THINK LIKE THIS." But I just didn't want the things I loved to make me so depressed that there was some I mean, I THERE WAS DESPERATION. And I I mean, if I could just be uh uh blunt uh and so that I don't upset the algorithm, I was wanting to be unalived. I didn't want to live anymore. But I didn't want to change the way I was living. &gt;&gt; I just wanted the message and the presence I knew that was coming from that voice of God and in THE PRESENCE I COULD FEEL IN MY room as a teenager's backslid living in darkness knowing that God is IN THIS SAYING, "I DON'T WANT TO FEEL THIS WAY. I DON'T WANT TO FEEL THIS WAY." BUT I STILL WANTED TO LIVE THAT WAY. And so there's something about sincerity. When you're willing deeply to be changed, changed, changed, changed. That's when you're sincere. No matter what it takes. And when the day that my life changed, I wept kneeling at the end of my bed saying, "No matter what it takes, I want you back." And I thought about the life I was living. And I repeated it. No matter what it takes. And that's when the change came because that's when God knew I meant business. I was being sincere. I wasn't saying, "Yeah, sure. I'll go to lunch with you. [screaming] I'll do it." There was something that meant it. &gt;&gt; In 1 Timothy 1:5, as brother Brandham is talking about doing things in sincerity, he says that we do it because we keep the commandments of God, because we love God. And this is how the scripture uh Paul says in Galatians that uh we love God and we keep his commandments that his commandments are not grievous. So there's a lot of scriptures we could use but he writes it this way to Timothy. Now the end of the commandment is charity out of a pure heart and that's the that's the ultimate that's the product. Charity out of a pure heart. If we could say that charity is expressive and not just merely an attribute it's a characteristic that then begins to be expressed. It's something expressed. Love that abounds from a pure heart and of a good conscience and a faith unfeigned. Such I love that. Charity, conscience, faith, goodness, charity, goodness, faith, pure uh uh this the unfeigned. Notice these things that's being expressed here. This is the depth of heart. Now, some of you may have already been familiar with this. I even know uh in in ministry, I don't know if I've ever used it here, but in the number of years that we have been ministering, still just being a young preacher, that there's uh there's this lore about the meaning of sincerity. And they call it uh folk etmology. In other words, it's actually just kind of more a myth than it is actually truth. But and and if you've ever heard this before, maybe you could say, "I've heard that before." Just say, "Amen." or yeah, but it it's said to mean without wax. And so they take scene in the Latin and they take the other part set which is wax and they've created this word without wax. And so the mythology behind that is they taking they divide the word sincere into these two different words. Uh and they say this mythology is that dishonest potters would use wax to hide cracks or flaws or some other defect in their work. and and there is no uh and trust me I deep dived on this there's no um there's no truth in that etmology the word does not mean without wax though you could divide it and find Latin prefixes and suffixes that that work with that and the first instance that you could find is just a reference in the 1600s about it meaning this but the more I I looked at and the more I thought about it this without wax though it's an incorrect uh it's kind of like a busted myth and it's busted even in this sense. Let's just say it's folk etmology and it it it has like a little cute type to it. But think of this. In reality, wax would easily melt if the vessel was tested by heat. if it was examined by the sunlight. In other words, if you were going to buy someone's wares and they say, "Oh, look at this beautiful pot, this coffee mug." And and look at it and you were to take it and the kind of the the way I've heard it expressed before and even myself in reading um pure and unsolied found pure when examined by the sunlight and say, "Well, what does that even mean?" And then we the example said, "Oh, sincere means without wax." And what that means is that there was pottery. When pottery is sincere, it means there's no wax veneer. There's nothing been used or shaped or colored on top of what's been fashioned and formed through that fire and through that process to give you the appearance of completeness. So you take it and you hold it up to the light and if there was any wax maybe it would it would gl the the light would show whether or not they had used some deceptive means to present their pottery as complete or intact. Right? &gt;&gt; And so if we think about this that well if you're trying to give me something say well here enjoy this coffee mug and there's a crack in it and I used wax to seal it. You know what would expose that? Just put a little hot coffee in there and right away the wax would melt. And so there's a a type that I saw in this though it's folk etmology and it's maybe not true. I love the fact that the the myth the the how it is unwound is it would be way too easy to test whether or not something was genuine. I I want to buy that vase, but I'm just going to leave it in the sunlight. You're at the farmers market in August, right? You know, if you if you get there late, all the cracks in the pots are exposed if there was wax in this case. So in the spiritual sense, anything we try to use to cover our defect is as good as wax in God's presence. Wax to wax something, if you use it as a verb, it's to coat or cover with wax. Some of you may have been waxing your cars yesterday. You weren't increasing them or growing them. you were taking, you were covering over a scratch with wax to to wax them to stop or plug a hole with wax. So, if we could think about this this image that one would use that pottery with a defect, someone could deceitfully just try to wax over it and cover up the defect. And and this is where I I just pray God give me a grace to be able to express this. There's nothing we're there's nothing you and I can do to fix our flaws. &gt;&gt; Right? And truly religion can be this human waxing of our weaknesses that that we we're just trying to cover up. We're we're just trying to make good on Sunday morning. What drove us crazy on Saturday night? And there's a way that we're we're we're applying things to take a vessel and dress it up. When in one sense, whatever we are, God sees us for that. &gt;&gt; Remember how we use the in the sunlight, in his presence, all our iniquities, all our mistakes are there. And that therefore the the the psalmist cries out, "Lord, hide my iniquities from you." And and so it so the in Isaiah says, "You've cast all my iniquities behind my back." So that it's the act of God intentionally removing them or covering them with the blood, the token that changes you. Amen. &gt;&gt; And not this idea that IF I COULD SOMEHOW SUPERFICIALLY SHORE MYSELF UP BEFORE GOD OR BEFORE HIS PEOPLE AND MAKE MYSELF FEEL GOOD ABOUT MY WEAKNESSES, EVERYTHING'S GOING TO BE OKAY. YOU'RE JUST WAXED. &gt;&gt; THAT'S ALL YOU ARE. YOU'VE COVERED IT UP WITH THIS. YOU'VE TRIED TO PLUG THE HOLES. INSTEAD, WE OUGHT TO BE SO HONEST BEFORE GOD AND SAY, "LORD, YOU EXAMINE ME FOR ALL MY FLAWS and all my defects. I'VE GOT TO BE HONEST. I STRUGGLE WITH THIS. I STRUGGLE WITH THAT. I'M WEAK with this. THIS SCARES ME. THIS BOTHERS ME. I DON'T KNOW WHAT TO DO ABOUT THIS. &gt;&gt; And we come into his presence because what's going to happen in his presence is all the wax is going to melt. &gt;&gt; Going to be examined by the sunlight. And then he say empty and broken. I came back to him. &gt;&gt; A vessel unworthy so marred by sin. A believer here in our church recently sent an email to the audiovisisual department and I accidentally set something up up on my phone to where now I get those emails and so I saw the email come through and it was the verses and chorus to a song and the verse was broken and you know destroyed and distraught and empty and I need your healing Lord and I wrote back to the brother and I said this is quite the confession brother we'll be praying for you as if this was just a, you know, confessional, you know, anonymously. I'm on the other end of this. It's called confessionals at a believers.com. And so therefore, I take your confessions. You don't know who's hearing it, but I know who you are. But there's this there's this idea we're broken. I I I don't want to wax this over. And I I don't know if I'll be able to get into this uh more in the in future services, but being sincere doesn't need to have that I have to invite you into my private life. &gt;&gt; It doesn't mean I just become this target. And I think that's something that there's a lot of oversharing. And there's a way that social media and the way that our climate exists now to where there's just there's this almost sense of like I just need to be open. I just need to be an open book and and just examine and know and this honesty and confess your faults one to another. There's a wrong image of Christianity and even the message to where there is a there are boundaries and there's a private life. &gt;&gt; And so what we're striving for is not so that everyone can find out that we're hypocrites because it's like, well, I I I seem like a good Christian on on Wednesday nights, but you know, you can you can come rifle through my life and figure out whether or not I'm a hypocrite. No, this is self-examination. &gt;&gt; So, it's not just inviting people into our lives to uncover our That's not what sincerity is. &gt;&gt; There's a lot of things that we could say sincerity is, but sincerity when I when I use the phrase unwaxed that we we abandon these human attempts to maintain pretense. &gt;&gt; And not that we would then say, well, you know, I got a lot of jealousy in my heart. I'm going to act jealously. But no, I'm abandoning the pretense and the insincerity because it's an honest heart, that depth of heart, as brother Bam's talking about, that produces an honest life that when we wrestle with uh hypocrisy, it's because the hypocrisy is in there. When we wrestle with dishonesty, it's because the dishonestyy's in there. So if I we can become sincere, sincerity will follow. An offensiveness will follow. Romans chapter 9 21 you could expand in the verses before and after. Hath not the potter power over the clay of the same lump, same humanity, same complexes, scars, mistakes and past to make one vessel under honor and another under dishonor. I I want honesty in my heart. I I want to I'm earth just like anybody else. I'm human just like anybody else. I got a past just like anybody else. I've made mistakes just like anybody else. But I want to be honest in my heart so that I can be changed. &gt;&gt; Sincerity makes the difference. And Lord, you have power over the clay to make me unto honor. In 2 Timothy chapter 2, 20 to 21. But in a great house there are not only vessels of gold and silver, but also of wood and of earth, and some to honor and some to dishonor. If a man therefore purge himself from these, he shall be a vessel unto honor, sanctified in meat for the master's use, and prepared unto every good work. There is a a a sincerity, a process of becoming sincere where Paul says, "Purge out the old leaven. Let's get rid of the malice. Get rid of the wickedness. Get rid of the hypocrisy. Get rid of the doubt. The purging out of the dishonorable because I want to be a vessel of honor. I want to be made. Even if I'm just made of the earth, a vessel made of the earth. You say, "Well, pure gold. I'm pure gold." No, we may not be pure gold. We're made for the earth, but we can still be vessels of honor. There's a lot that's meant in this purge himself from these. There's a lot even Paul's drawing from in the Old Testament. Then I can be sanctified, meat for the master's use as a vessel of honor. Christ, God himself, he's a he's a a fire. Our God is a consuming fire. &gt;&gt; It's his nature. If you want to take fire to your bosom, you're going to get warmed up. Heat, you're going to get burned. I want him to burn out of me anything that's not pure to melt the wax. Men don't come to the light because they're afraid. I know there's even in Greek mythology there's a the nearness to the sun that causes the the the wax to melt and the power to be lost. And so men don't come to the light because they know in the light they they they'll become unwaxed. Their flaws and weaknesses discovered 1 Corinthians chapter 3 11-16. For other foundation can no man lay than is than that is laid which is Jesus Christ. Truth. Now if any man build upon this foundation gold, silver, precious stones, wood, hay, stubble. So there's a lot of different ways we can build. Every man's work shall be made manifest, for the day shall declare it. &gt;&gt; So if we have the foundation of Jesus Christ and we build upon it a house made out of hay, then when the day of the Lord comes and he huffs and he puffs, what will he do? He will blow that house down because every work shall be made manifest. of the day shall declare it because it SHALL BE REVEALED BY FIRE. &gt;&gt; A WAX HOUSE isn't going to do you any good. &gt;&gt; We're entering into the gingerbread house season, right? When we try to figure out how to use icing to cause pieces of gingerbread to hold together and make a house. Well, you better know what you're doing. Use glue, not icing, because time will tell whether or not it's the elements will come to bear. the heat of a of a Christmas day when it's 98 degrees in Phoenix. It's going to declare the structural integrity of what you built. It shall be revealed by fire. It's going to be discovered what it was made of. And the fire shall try every man's work of what sort it is. If any man's work abide, which he shall build thereon, he shall receive a reward. So if if you're waxing, it's going to be it's going to be discovered. It's going to be found out. If any man's work shall be burned, he shall suffer loss. But he himself shall be saved. Yet so as by fire. So I would even take piggyback off of this. I know we've ministered a lot on these rewards and and spent some time on these scriptures. Don't be afraid to become unwaxed. Don't be afraid to be tried by fire because the Bibles even say here, you're saved as so by fire. I don't want to risk being lost. &gt;&gt; And refusal to come to the light ensures you being lost. &gt;&gt; Refusing to be examined by the sun. Say, I I'm afraid TO GET CLOSER TO GOD. I'M AFRAID TO DIG INTO THE WORD OF GOD. I'M AFRAID to accept it as my absent. I'm afraid I'm afraid to receive it as truth because it's GOING TO EXPOSE ALL THESE THINGS. WELL, IF THAT'S WORST case scenario, that's good &gt;&gt; because THEN THE DISHONORABLE IS PURGED. THE FALSITIES ARE DECLARED and removed and you're LEFT BARE BEFORE GOD. BUT YOU'RE SAVED IN THAT. &gt;&gt; It's refusing TO COME TO LIGHT. IT'S REFUSING TO BE JUDGED, REFUSING TO BE EXAMINED. THAT keeps you in your sins. Know ye not that? He says in verse 16, "Know ye not that you are the temple of God and that the spirit of God dwelleth in you?" Does it not bring before us this beautiful image of how that the word of God TRIES US &gt;&gt; AND EXAMINES us because we are his temples. &gt;&gt; Because we are vessels OF CLAY, NOT MEANT TO CARRY COMPLEXES. Not meant to carry the filth OF THIS WORLD. NOT MEANT TO BE VESSELS FOR GARBAGE TO BE DEPOSITED in us and people to GET GARBAGE OUT. BUT WE'RE VESSELS OF GLORY TO DECLARE HIS GLORY SO THAT WE can be HIS GLORY BEING EXTENDED TO those who are waxed. Let my love be the intensity that melts away their wax. Trial of our faith is much more precious than that of gold that perishes. 1 Peter 1:7. though it be tried with fire. So Paul is Peter's praying that your faith would be tried. Your faith is more precious than gold. The trial is more precious than gold. Gold tried by the fire becomes purified because whatever is not gold leaves the byproduct. And I love how the analogy I read one time is that with resp that I used with there's no amount of gold that you can add to gold that'll ever make it fool's gold. But you can't add gold to fool's gold and turn fool's gold into gold. Therefore, there's no amount of word that you can add to your faith that would make it &gt;&gt; uh faithless or doubtful &gt;&gt; or unbelief. So that it's in that purity of the word upon word, the right kind of structure or support. And then on that we're putting the word and not just the covering of the word on fool's gold. But try me with fire that I might be founded to praise, honor, and glory. Let Christ try you. No wax. If sincerity, if we say in folk etmology or an old wives tale or from the farmer's almanac, it means without wax, then I want to be without wax. &gt;&gt; I want to be sincere. Search out anything that's deceitful. Not that I I'm made to be that I'm a liar, but Lord, search out anything that's pretentious, that's politics or pride. Psalms 51. We invite the musicians to come. We'll just end with this verse. I know, brother John, there may be some other uh slides there, but we'll just hold them for another time. But I think this I think the scripture is beautiful. Then I do want to maybe use some things from the paradox. But it says in Psalms 51 6 and 7, "Behold, thou desireest truth in the inward parts in us." He desires truth inwardly, and in the hidden part, thou shalt make me to know wisdom. I think it speaks to this. I I don't want to be perceived outwardly as holy. I want to genuinely sincerely in my heart be holy. Knowing that if he began that work of righteousness in me, then I have this treasure in earth and vessels that the excellency of the power is not me but it's of God. Therefore, I can be filled with the fruits of righteousness [music] which are by Jesus Christ, not myself, unto the glory and the beauty and the brilliance of God. So, he desires truth in the inward parts and in the hidden part he'll [music] make me to know wisdom. It's this deep depthness of earth. It's the work that he does in my heart where I'm inwardly sincere. Therefore, I'm being changed that I can become outwardly unoffensive as it pertains to his word. There's a book I haven't I never read it. I thought it might make make a good book to read, but I there was a gentleman one time who lived the Old Testament for a year and he was kind of sharing his results. And so we could say that if he would did in fact observe the Old Testament law for a year outwardly he appeared obedient to the law. and that there was this external representation of the biblical Levitical law, but he's not the essence of it. It w it wasn't sincerity. It was a science project, social experiment. So the psalmist [music] says, "You want truth in the inward parts, not just traditional obedience that takes care of the outward part. because I want in the hidden part, [music] the part that can't be seen. I want to know wisdom. So he says, "Purge me with hissip." Think of now what he's drawing from in the in the image of the sacrifices. Purge me with hissip [music] and the application of blood, the token being applied. Purge me with hissip and I shall be clean. Wash me and I shall be whiter than snow. What this speaks of is the inward [music] sincerity. I want to be sincere and without offense. I want to be pure and smooth. I want to be unwaxed. So, we should pray for sincerity. I'll pick up it on Wednesday night. And I know you're all familiar uh with this. So, I I can just end and I know [music] I it's it's getting long here, but you're familiar when brother Adam gave the vision of what he called the mamba. And he tells it and he and that mamba, it represents sin and death. this black snake and he tells the story in great detail in paradox in 1961 [music] he's talking about he came to this narrow highway and he's twothirds he's in that third pull as he comes to [music] Jordan we see the the image of a translation and a rapture and he said that everyone was afraid and they were all scared and what were they afraid of the strike of death so there's this image now this beautiful image as he approaches the opening of the seals which is the third pole a and the revealing of the word the opening of the word there's this beautiful image now if everyone's afraid of death. Everyone's afraid of death. And and they saw this one brother was kind of dancing and he [music] was trying to get away from the snake. And brother used the phrase that it's instant death if it bites you. And he said that something that it came after brother Brandham. He said, but as it [music] came after him, something was holding it off. Just such a a beautiful thought. It couldn't get to him. Something was holding off. But he said, then it went after a friend. And in that moment is this realization. Well, I I is will it get them? Will it get them? And I know this so much of this can relate to brother Brandham's calling personally. But then a voice said, "You have been given power [music] to bind him, the worst or any." So you have been given power to bind the greatest of all powers, [music] the greatest of all consequences of unbelief, death. Amen. &gt;&gt; And therefore, if you can bind an attribute of unbelief called death, then you can bind them all. &gt;&gt; And brother Brandham said, well, he said, just then the serpent turned to me when I said that and looked at me [music] again. And the voice came from above me and said, you've been given power to bind him the worst or any. And I said, what? I'm so glad he tells the story. Well, God, what must I do? Notice this isn't the day of Pentecost. What must I DO TO BE SAVED? NOW, THIS IS NOT the beginning of the church. This is the climax. This isn't the new birth and the seal of the Holy Ghost. This is the rapture. THIS IS THE PLACING THAT last enemy under our feet. This is Satan being bruised under your FEET SHORTLY. THIS IS NOT JUST FACING FACING SIN. THIS IS FACING DEATH, WHICH WAS THE CONSEQUENCE OF SIN. LORD, WHAT MUST I DO? HE SAID, THERE'S ONE THING YOU MUST DO. You must [music] be more sincere. You must be more sincere. There's your answer. In our homes, in our personal lives, in our relationships, what what do I need? What is it [music] that's causing me this disconnect with my children? What is it that's c causing a disconnect with my spouse? Could it be you need to be more sincere? That maybe there's too much of hiding certain things and and too much outfront and not enough openness and communication. having tremendous fellowship [music] on this Friday night with some some friends on on the importance of communication. How easily things could be misunderstood. And where that comfort comes from is knowing that even if you misunderstand somebody in the beginning that if you're both sincere, you're not going to let misunderstandings and misrepresentations and all the wax [music] to get in the way. are going to take the time to eventually allow love to melt the pretense. You must be more sincere. This tells me that we have truth. The word of God is true. And rapturing faith lays in the word of God. There's nothing that needs to be added to it. So we say, "What must we do?" Well, you need to come back and preach the seals, Brother Brandham. No, we need to be more sincere with truth. We in denominational thought and organizational thought and in in man-made religion were sincere [music] with error and we maybe in some ways become Pentecostal in the sense that [music] we have been insincere with truth and that's still not going to work. Well, it's the truth. We get results, don't we? No, we got to come back to sincerity and truth. Unwaxed. We've got a new motto as message believers. We're no longer declaring to everyone that we're unvaxed. As red-blooded Americans who believe in the Constitution, but we're believers who believe the word of God. [music] The token has been applied. Therefore, my motto in my heart is I want to be unwaxed. Faith and the word of God gives us power over [music] sin and death. Wax is what will stand in your way. Brother Victor, I've learned about wax resistors. Is that am I using the phrase right? And in the making of pottery, you actually use wax in [music] the firing process and in the glazing process to manipulate and [music] to control what happens because the wax won't remain afterwards. So, if you don't [music] want your your your your earth and wear to stick in the kiln, you use wax as a resistor and it's going to keep it from sticking. The max will welt and they'll be able to separate [music] apart. And what what began to strike me, we'll just pick up it on Wednesday night. I keep saying that, but maybe we'll just preach until then and we'll get to it. It's what it means to be unwax saints to church on Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, [music] Wednesday, you are dismissed, but the wax will get in the way of the [music] process. So, I want to be unwaxed. Another title I was going to use perhaps was waxing. I want to be growing. [music] I want to be sincere without offense. I want my love to be waxing more and more in all knowledge and all discernment. [music] Let's stand. Let's pray together this morning. Thank you so much for your attentiveness. Thank you for your patience and [music] wrestling through sound issues as we work these things out. Appreciate the brothers who labor to do this and they [music] they suffer the embarrassment and the uncomfortableness to make it happen. So, I appreciate that. But if you need prayer today, just let's bow [music] our heads. Just be sincere before the Lord. Say, "Lord, I'm willing to be examined by the sunlight. [music] If I'm going to be a sunlit vessel, then he has to purge me. He has to expose all the wax. I [music] say, "Well, I'm flawed. I've got a past. I've got these problems." Well, God knows what to do with it. He knows exactly [music] what to do with it. Don't be afraid of him throwing the clay away. He knows. He knows how to use you. He knows how to fix you. Remember when we use the [music] example of how that his deity fills in the cracks. So, there's no wax. It's just gold. that God's going to use to perfect [music] your vessel. A gracious heavenly father, Lord, today as I bow my heads, I realize that it's our wax that keeps us from the deity. That Lord, as much as I try to plug my holes with human [music] thought and pretense and politics and all the things that are born from pride, I'm only keeping myself from you. For it's my brokenness [music] that will reveal your power. It's my weakness that reveals your strength. So, Father, I pray today that I would, though waxed [music] I may be, I subject myself to the sunlight. Reveal it by fire. Lord, I'm not afraid to be exposed between you and I. I'm not asking to be exposed to my friends or my spouse, and I'm [music] not wanting people to rifle through my private life or my past. Lord, some of us have suffered that. people bringing up our past and [music] other things that may be of a public nature easily discovered online. But Lord, I mean between you and I, I don't want anything hindering us. I don't want any veils. Use my brokenness. Use my emptiness. And Lord, remove the wax that's keeping your presence from filling it up. And Lord, there's been a part of me that's kept you away because I was afraid to use [music] that lose that resistor. I was afraid to lose that wax covering that would keep the glaze from covering me completely because of fear. Lord, I allow you now. [music] I allow you now, Father, to come. Burn out of me anything that's [music] impure. Lord, if I'm instructed by the scripture to purge myself from these, Lord, you begin the work. So give me wisdom. Let my love for you abound more and more. the more unwaxed I can become of the world, the more waxing I can become in your word. We love you, Lord. We commit ourselves to you. And I pray for the lifted hands, the crying hearts, that you'd be merciful [music] to us. I believe you're dealing with us in a very deep way. Lord, we must be more [music] sincere. And I ask now, Father, that you give us a grace. Search our hearts, Lord. Let there be any insincerity in us. Just show us Lord that we [music] may repent of it. In the name of Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen.
