################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-23 - Artificial Conception - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-23
Title:   Artificial Conception
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hoFkp52ZID8
========================================

Description:
Artificial Conception
Wednesday Service: April 23, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
1 Corinthians chapter 2, we'll start with verse six. This is speaking about the wisdom of God. And that's kind of all-encompassing about the the mind of God is really some things that we're looking at. But it says, "How be it we speak wisdom among them that are perfect, yet not the wisdom of this world, nor the princes of this world that come to not." So there's your difference between carnal wisdom, human wisdom, and the wisdom of God. But we speak the wisdom of God in a mystery, even the hidden wisdom which God ordained before the world unto our glory, which none of the princes of this world knew. For had they known it, they would not have crucified the Lord of glory. But as it is written, I hath not seen nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of men, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him. But God hath revealed them unto us by his spirit. For the Spirit searchth all things, yay, the deep things of God. I was hoping to get to this verse tonight, but I don't think I'm going to be able to get to it. So, maybe build some anticipation for Sunday. But the Spirit searches all things, yay, the deep things of God, and reveals to us those things in verse nine. For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man which is in him, even so the things of God, which knoweth no man, but the spirit of God. Now we have received not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God, that we might know the things that are freely given to us of God, which things also we speak, not the words which man's wisdom teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost teacheth, comparing spiritual things with spiritual. But the natural man receiveth not the things of the spirit of God, for they are foolishness unto him, neither can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned. But he that is spiritual judgeth all things, yet he himself is judged of no man. For who hath known the mind of the Lord, that he may instruct him? But we have the mind of Christ. My so powerful. May God just bless these things which we've read. You can be seated. My title tonight is artificial conception. Artificial conception. And I'm being very deliberate in the use of this term conception. Uh as I've been looking at the concept of artificial things that are artificial. We know that artificial just refers to something that is made by man. So it's something that's not occurring naturally. Or we could say it's not something that God has made, but it's something contrived, built, or created through human skill or human labor. As the word artificial itself is art and maker, there's something that's been made and produced. Anything that is a substitute for something that is real or natural or original that would be called artificial like artificial sweetener uh artificial teeth things of that nature that the idea of something being artificial. Now on this conception conception is the act of conceiving. So we could uh define conceiving a little bit but conception is for referring to comprehension. Uh the power of conceiving in the mind or a word that we could use in this way is intelligence. That faculty of the mind that is necessary to understand what is real uh and what is true. So we say artificial conception uh we're looking at something that is just merely man-made. As we see the wisdom of this world and the mind of man is being contrasted with the wisdom of God. In Romans 11:es 33 and 34 it says, "Oh the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and knowledge of God. How unsearchable are his judgments and his ways pass finding out. For who hath known the mind of the Lord that he may who hath known the mind of the Lord? or who hath been his counselor. So there's wisdom and knowledge that are presented here. There's such depth to them that they cannot be fully exhausted and explored. And then it says that who hath known the mind? That word there is noose and that's the Greek word for intelligence. And there's a lot of different principles to this that we could get into, but this is the intelligence of God. And we're looking at God's ability to judge and discern. I know maybe seem odd to say his ability, but God's faculty, his characteristic of judgment and his discernment. We're looking at the mind of God. Brother Brandham said in the sermon, perseverant. And when God ever makes a decision, it has to ever remain that way. He cannot change. He cannot get smarter. So think of that. God cannot get smarter. He's not He's not learning. He's not gaining new information day after day. He is the source of all intelligence. No matter what our science says, and I love this. He says, "If it's against the intelligence or the word of God, it's contrary." So this there's kind of a a joining together. God's intelligence is expressed or embodied in his word. If it's against the intelligence or the word of God, it's contrary. It's not right. I don't care how scientific it can be proved. It's still wrong. So if something that can be scientifically proved is used to support something or an idea or belief that's contrary to the word, they're wrong. Maybe not factually, maybe not scientifically, but in the way that they're trying to interpret the data or use it, they are wrong because God cannot God is the source of all intelligence. Now, in Romans 12:2, it says, "And be not conformed to this world." You probably recall that we've used this quite a bit as of late. And and some of you thinking as of late? You mean the last five years. And be not conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewing, this making new of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God. So, we are to have our minds transformed. There's this renewing of our mind. This transforming by the renewing of our mind. And then we're going to prove what is good and acceptable and the perfect will of God. This is a transformation of the mind. So it's a transformation of our intelligence, our faculty of understanding, the way that we comprehend right or wrong. The way that we understand what is real and true. And this good, acceptable, and perfect relates to the proper intelligence. There's a lot of different branches that come of science and academics that come up with their own idea whether it be metaphysical or philosophical these ideas of intelligence and and there is a way of defining it to where that which is prudent that which is reasonable that's something that is intelligent. Somebody does something that we say was well well that wasn't very smart right we say that's not very intelligent their act or their deed. So what is good, what is proper, what is acceptable and perfect relates to an intelligence. So we are to have our minds renewed in Ephesians 4:23. And be renewed in the spirit of your mind. We're upgrading our intelligence. It's a making new of the way we think and the way that we respond to things, the way that we act, the way that we judge, the way that we perceive. So God is in his mind, his intelligence, the source of all intelligence. It's not one that gets smarter. Uh and in this mind of God, it's saying that we are to have our minds renewed, which is part of our transformation to do the perfect will of God. Uh to make this making new of our mind. And then in 1 Corinthians 1:10, he says, "Now I beseech you, brethren, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that you all speak the same thing." Now come on, this is interesting. that we all speak the same thing, that there be no divisions among you. This is quite a quite a challenge. We should be speaking the same thing. There should be no uh divisions among us, but that you be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment. So, we should be perfectly joined together in the same intelligence and in the same discernment or judgment. Now, how are we going to do that if it's not through some supernatural means or in an intelligence that's vastly different than human intelligence? Many of us might find themselves in the same position I find myself quite often is I am clearly not the smartest man in the room. And there's people that are smarter than us, more intelligent, more gifted and more more talented. And we realize that maybe no matter how much we would study, no matter how much we try and books we'd read, podcasts we would binge on, we're never going to be as intelligent as that person. But yet God saying that we spiritually are to be perfectly joined together and made complete in the same mind and same judgment means it's something that he is going to do beyond nature according to his spirit. And it's something that we should be praying for and desire to see happen in our hearts and in our lives. So we see in these few scriptures that there is a mind or intelligence of God and then there's a work of the Holy Spirit that's renewing our minds that's not teaching us new things academically that we're not comprehending with the human mind but it's this cultivation of the spiritual mind of Christ the intelligence of God inside of us. In 2 Corinthians 11:3, Paul writes, "But I fear lest by any means, as the serpent beguiled Eve through his subtlety, so your mind should be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ." I I enjoy revisiting the same scripture over and over again, even ministering on it, and realizing that every single time I do, there's a different layer, shade, approach, or way that we can zero in on a truth of that um that just expands our understanding of the word of God. So, as the serpent beguiled Eve, Paul quickly looks at the mind. He says that I fear that your minds would be corrupted from the simplicity that is in Christ. The serpent swed that seed into the mind of the woman. It happened first in her mind. And that's where we can look at conception as more than just a uh it is an act of conceiving or comprehension. But now it also carries that dual meaning of the act of conceiving in the womb in a similar way that the mind then as a womb conceives. We conceive things. And there's this conception. Oh, do you get that concept there? There's been something that's been conceived in the mind. James 1:15 puts it this way. Then when lust hath conceived, it bringeth forth sin. And sin when it is finished bringeth forth death. So there's this act of something, a conception and receiving something in the womb of the mind. So it's this act of receiving seed and then going through the process that produces and brings forth fruit. Right. Romans chapter 16 verse 18. And I'm so glad that you're paying attention. I just I feel really good in ministering this. It's a a small simple thought tonight that I think will be a great blessing to us if we just can um ask the Lord to open these things up to us and not just learn them, but really catch them by revelation. Romans chapter 16 18 it says, "For they that are such serve not our Lord Jesus Christ, but their own belly." And we're all getting a complex. As much as we love food around here, uh they don't serve God, but they serve their own belly and by good words and fair speeches deceive the hearts of the simple. There's so much in here. As I even put in this slide, they beguile trusting minds. Uh they're not suspicious of anyone. They they're not uh distrusting of anyone. And so they're prayed upon by these that selfishly are serving their own intellect. And this word, but they serve their own belly. It's the same word that's translated to womb in many other places in the New Testament. So they serve their own belly or womb. And it's a reference here to their mind. That place of thought or feeling, that place of choice. And when we think about the world today and what drives society, it's their appetite. They serve their own belly. And it's not just in what they eat, but it's in what they want to consume. And it's what they want to be close to and and and participate in. And there's this desire, this drive and this hunger that is insatiable in this hour. And we can realize that they are those that serve their own belly. And in this way, there's good words and fair speeches that are going to prey upon trusting minds to cause this conception of the same things in the womb of the mind. Philippians 3:1 19 touches on it this way. Whose end is destruction, whose god is their belly and whose glory is in their shame, who mind earthly things. This word shame, there's confusion. uh they're they're it's their they're confounded and they actually glory in their confusion. They glory in their confoundment and there is a a stuper is what it's referred to. We could say that it is their confound. It's this stuper. It's this lack of intelligence and their god is their belly. Their glory is in their shame and they mind earthly mind earthly things. That's what they're looking for. That's what they desire. That's what they seek. And it's not natural appetite. It's the mind. It's the spirit that they're serving. Brother Brandham, the sermon leadership, and this is one if you want to go and listen to I it's just I find my as I was studying it, I found that listening to it actually kind of put all the pieces together for me. But he says, "God has taken 6,000 year it's taken you 6,000 years according to the Bible to build in Eden. You put your son and his wife in there, his bride to rule over it. And Satan come around and perverted it. He's got 6,000 years and he's built his own, he says, intellectual Eden through science and education. And he uses this phrase socalled intelligence and he's built it into a mess of death. So what we have today in terms of our minds and our understanding or our wisdom and knowledge it is a socalled intelligence because there can be a scientific process that produces a result and that result in scientifically irrefutable is now used to try to overthrow the intelligence and the mind of God. And this so-called intelligence is a perversion of true intelligence. If I can say it's a artificial intelligence by a a hybrid conception that goes back to first 2 Corinthians 11 through this beguiling that Satan has produced a so-called intelligence and he's built an intellectual Eden. In Romans chapter 8:7, this will highlight again this carnal mind that we now all have because we don't come direct from God. Uh we're not we do not have the same state as Adam and the woman had in the beginning with no channels clogged up and everything being perfect. And so by the process of regeneration and being born or the just the a procreation being born over ages and ages we've developed these minds that are fallen minds described this way because the carnal mind is enmity. It's against God. It's has hate against God. It it it's not joined with God and harmonious with God. It thinks differently than God. It's instinctively different than God. The carnal mind is immity against God. For it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be. So this human intelligence that we all have is against or contrary to God's intelligence. Human mind is at odds with divine intelligence. It is not subject to the law of God. That that's something that is a process. It a computation. It's something that exists in reality and that is real. uh it's just naturally doesn't operate instinctively by the laws of God. So there is an intelligence I say that's carnal that's man-made uh it's it's an artificial conception that we may have but then there's this divine intelligence and intelligence even in this way as I think about it in terms of God's intelligence but even naturally intelligence is different from learning God himself is all knowing he never has a new thought he's not getting smarter and he does not gain new information on the daily basis as Psalms 147:5 says great is our Lord Lord and of great power. His understanding is infinite. He's omnisient. He knows all things. God is we're not going to have in our time five days go by and say God what did God learn in these five days? And what has God gained? What kind of perspective has he gained? It's this we can barely we can barely begin to even comprehend a scoch of what it means for him to be omnisient. But God, his understanding is infinite. And learning, so God's not learning. And learning is the act of retaining information or even retaining certain processes in order to recall them for future use. And then learning how to do something, learning how to tie a fishing knot or learning how to adjust your rearview mirror or, you know, back down a trailer. Different things you learn. And if you learn it, you you've gathered this information. and you've gained a process that you want to recall to use later. But in 2 Timothy 3:es 5 to8, it says there there's something about learning that isn't exactly this process of the renewing of the mind. Says in these last days of those that will be upon the earth having a form of godliness but denying the power thereof. There's something that maybe by image looks to be godly, but yet they deny the power of revelation is power of transformation. Says, from such turn away, for of this sort they which creep into houses and lead captive silly women laden with sins, led away with diverse lust. That is quite a mouthful, but it speaks of those whose God is their belly, who by good words and fair speeches are going to deceive the hearts of the simple. Here there's th there are they that capitalize on the sincerity of people who want to serve God who want to do right maybe burdened by their sins and they take advantage of them in their situation their brokenness sometimes they make them feel broken so they could take advantage of them and then it says this ever learning a continual process of learning ever learning ever this act of retaining information this act of learning certain things and being able to recall them and never able able to come to the knowledge of the truth. You can learn a lot of things but never come to the knowledge of the truth. Ever learning but not gaining or comprehending or conceiving truth. And he says, "Now as Janice and Jambers withstood Moses, so do these also resist the truth. Men of corrupt minds reprobate concerning the faith." Truth is resisted through impersonation. There there is a a learning of a process, a learning of something characteristics and Janice and Jambers saw something done and they impersonated it and that's how the truth is resisted because the truth is not being apprehended or grasped. Um they're learning but they're never coming to the knowledge of the truth but yet resist it through some sort of mimic or impersonation. As we'd mentioned Sunday, it's a performative art. It's all stage it. It's all on the stage. It's all on the platform. It's for show. And we don't want to we don't want to be caught up in that kind of Hollywood Christianity. But intelligence is actually good judgment. Intelligence is this. It's something that's practical. It's adaptive. It's actual is ever learning and never coming to the knowledge of the truth. And intelligence is actual knowledge of truth. And when one as I've been studying different branches uh maybe ways of viewing intelligence there's uh there's a way of looking at intelligence to where it it's not only proactive or forwardlooking but it's something that in get in a given situation it can adapt to those circumstances a a and make the best prediction. And what there's a mathematical formula in that there that intelligence is a force that acts in a way to preserve itself because it never wants to be trapped. It always wants to know a way out. It always wants to know what's next and how to navigate a particular situation. And now man may dream to have some sort of perfect intelligence. But that's God. He's not trapped into anything. Intelligence is sound. It's uh stable. And as we read in 1 Corinthians chapter 2:14, it says, "But the natural man, as there is a mind of God, which is not carnal, and that uh we having received the spirit which is of God, we're we're not just merely thinking with the natural mind." And it says the natural man or the man that only has his natural thinking cannot receive the things of the spirit of God, for they are foolishness unto him. So the natural mind from its vantage point sees the things of God as foolishness. Neither can the natural man know the things of the spirit of God because they are spiritually discerned. The natural mind cannot conceive God's thoughts, cannot conceive spiritual things. It it may observe spiritual happenings. It may on some surface learn a precept or a principle, be able to learn the Bible and say, "Well, the fruits of the spirit are these." But in terms of a real uh uh practical intelligence and a comprehension of truth, the natural mind cannot do that. Again, because it intelligence is good judgment. And here the natural man believes the things of the spirit of God are foolishness. So if if if intelligence is good judgment, it's practical, it's adaptive, and it's sound, and it would see the things of the spirits of God, the the things of God as foolishness or stupidity, then the natural mind is exactly that, the opposite of intelligence, and I use this word uh not harshly or not in a uh in a in a way to u kind of like slang, but the opposite of intelligence is stupidity. It's foolishness. It means to be without understanding. So there's a there's something practical, reasonable about the mind of God and his intelligence that the natural man when he sees this, oh that's foolishness. Why? Because the great things of God and the eyes of man are small and the things that man thinks so great, God looks at him and says that's foolishness. In Isaiah 55 6-11, he says, "Seek ye the Lord while he may be found. Call ye upon him while he is near." There's a a theme in this that I'd like to pick up on maybe Sunday on seeking the Lord, seeking him. It says, "Let the wicked forsake his way and the unrighteous man his thoughts, and let him return unto the Lord, and he will have mercy upon him and to our God, for he will abundantly pardon and to our God, for he will abundantly pardon." This idea of that we've got to lose our minds in order to find truth. Forsake our thoughts and and abandon our our ways. For my thoughts, speaking of the Lord in his uh his his mind, for my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, sayeth the Lord. Well, how are they different? For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways. In my thoughts than your thoughts and I believe it's almost put in a way that's not you cannot calculate, well, how high are the heavens and the earth? Well, where do they begin? When do they separate? Which ones you referring to? In other words, don't even try. It's not even close. Our thoughts and our ways are so based, so beneath, so low that we cannot begin to comprehend the mind and thoughts of God. As it says in verse 9, "For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are my ways higher than your ways and my thoughts than your thoughts." I think these things are uh very familiar to us. Now, as I have it summarized on this slide, notice this in terms of our thoughts and God's thoughts, his high thoughts and his ways. And then there's going to be this example in nature. And he says, "For as the rain cometh down, and the snow from heaven, and returneth not thither, but waterth the earth, and maketh it bring forth and bud that it may give seed to the sewer and bread to the eater." What is he referring to? This natural process where rain comes down out of heaven and it doesn't just evaporate and go back up into the clouds, but this rain and snow goes and waters the earth. And in watering the earth, it causes germination and then nutri uh nurturing of a seed that buds and produces seed again that can be harvested to make bread. And it has all come from this process of seed being sown, the water coming down out of earth and producing that bread. These natural processes that Isaiah is pointing to is evidence of an intelligence. We might call it mother nature. says, "So shall so shall my words be that goeth forth out of my mouth. It shall not return unto me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing where unto I sent it." This is a this is an intelligence as there is a design and a process and intelligence in nature where the rain coming down uh nurtures soil, germinates seed, and is part of this great process that produces life again. Uh, brother Brandham in the sermon leadership is talking about how that how does that sap respond in the winter uh to not kill the tree and and brother Brandham is using that and I don't believe he was trying to explain to us in perfect detail how sap works in a tree but how that the sap will respond to wintertime conditions in order to preserve life in the tree. And it's an intelligence that does that. We have even in our in our today and it's been been this way for decades how that we can have a there's an intelligence that guides a a pig's thyroid uh this uh extract from a pig's thyroid to keep the human body in balance and regulate symptoms of hypothyroidism. How does it do that? Because there's some design or process or intelligence. There's this communication that takes place to where whatever is in that composition a human can take and brother Benham uses it to say that that pig thyroid will go right to the human thyroid and it'll balance out these symptoms. DNA even in itself is coded intelligence determines your certain traits and your height and your sorry to those those of us who are short it's already in your DNA you can't take any thought and add to your stature it's already there your hair your eye color naturally though we can change those things these days it's in the DNA and where are they getting now through DNA editing where they can determine by changing the code what it may look like so there are this there's an intelligence in the DNA that determines these things. And our human intelligence, it is corrupted. And the way that we think and the way that we operate, it's vastly inferior to divine intelligence. Our human wisdom, our human thinking is different than God's intelligence. God's intelligence is pure. Ours has been corrupted. Now, I'm just wanting to pivot just a little bit here as we try to get to the the closing half of this sermon. Sunday, we mentioned that to create art, it requires uh an artist is going to make choices and decisions about what they're whatever they're creating that is fundamentally alien to a machine that can create art, right? or we could say artificial intelligence where you just you ask uh Deep Seek or you ask Deep Mind or you ask Gemini or you ask Chat GPT or C-Pilot any one of these things and you say hey could you produce this for me could you make this could you write a novel and could you if you have enough tokens or credits are willing to pay enough it can it can spit out video it can produce images and pictures and create art it can write novels but the decisions that are being made by that machine uh using its language models and it and its gathering of information is vastly different than when an artist sits down to paint a picture or a novelist sits down to write a book. And in that way that the decisions being made by a machine are fundamentally foreign or by an artist is foreign to the machine that can create art. God's intelligence is fundamentally alien to human thinking. So we are the ones that have an artificial intelligence because we're the ones that are making it anyways and programming it. Be careful what you submit to chat GPT because you're making it part of the algorithm. you make it a part of the recipe and it knows there's even uh even myself as I've been studying just for the purposes of my law practice that if I was to take a client's trade secret and I was to use an AI model to glean something from it, it's in there and there's a chance that somebody may be able to get it. Even if you couldn't go into the model and see it, it's all in just ones and zeros, but it's in there somewhere. And so that's this is man contrived, right? Very fascinating the direction they're going with artificial intelligence. I think it's what we're some of the things that our children are having to fight, some of the things that we're going to be wrestling with even as human beings and the way that it can just hook us a and get our attention. But it's a it's a reflection of how that something can produce something and make something and create something but never really have the mind of the artist. Right. Right. And it's in the same way that we as humans can mimic, we can copy, we can act, we can do a lot of different things, but God's mind is fundamentally alien to human thinking. Isaiah 40:es 12, 13, and 14. Whoath measured the waters in the hollow of his hand, and meed out heaven with a span, and comprehended the dust of the earth in a measure, and weighed the mountains in scales, and the hills in a balance. None of us. Sounds like God's conversation with Job. Where were you? And did you take the bands of Orion? Can you tell lightning where to strike? Who hath directed the spirit of the Lord or being his counselor hath taught him? It's part of the question that's asked in Romans. Who hath directed the spirit of the Lord? Or who can be his counselor? With whom took he counsel? Who instructed him? Who taught him the path of judgment and taught him knowledge and showeth to him the way of understanding? God does not need to be taught. God cannot be taught. It's God's word that is true intelligence. He needs no instruction. He needs no teaching. The natural mind cannot even do those things. We cannot give God a new thought. You say, "Oh, well, what about when the king requested more time?" God, that's not questioning God's intelligence. That's not showing a better decision. When Moses stood in the gap, God wasn't caught by surprise and God hadn't conceived it. God is cannot be taught by man. Real intelligence, real true wisdom is the mind of God. And artificial intelligence is human intellect perverted from its pure form. Our minds, human wisdom is intellect perverted from its pure form. In Ezekiel chapter 36:es 25- 27, I had adjusted some things in my notes and I took a number of scriptures out and some quotations. So I'll say this, it's this is why our minds need to be renewed. Amen. This is why the Bible isn't just merely talking about the soul being transformed through the new birth, but now there's this process of our minds and our spirits being renewed. Ezekiel chapter 36 25- 27, brother Benham deals with this in just a couple places and uh and uses it as a type of even a change of nature and it also it speaks to this entire process of the transformation of the person. Then will I sprinkle clean water upon you, and you shall be clean from all your filthiness, and from all your idols will I cleanse you. A new heart also will I give you, and a new spirit will I put within you, and I will take away the stony heart out of your flesh, and I'll give you a heart of flesh, and I'll put my spirit within you, and cause you to walk in my statutes, and you shall keep my judgments and do them. I know we're tempted to kind of create a bucket list out of this or a diagrammable process, but it's really looking in whole of what God is doing to the person when the soul is regenerated. And how that there's this process of sanctification of the of the mind and of the spirit, taking out of the stony heart, giving you a heart of flesh, his spirit indwelling in us to cause us to do his word. God in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure. Amen. So when we are being transformed by the new birth and brother Bram says now that you have been saved as you have and filled the Holy Ghost as you have. Now the process is that we're to be transformed into the perfect will of God by the renewing of our minds. Where he has taken out a stony heart and given us a heart of flesh and it's his spirit that's causing us to do his word to keep his commandments. Given us this heart of flesh that has this intelligence of God this faculty to conceive rightly. This is the process of transforming our thinking and our minds. Now, I trust that each one of you are kind of following me to this point and recognize it's very simple these things that we're laying down in Luke 11:52. This is an important I think this is an important piece to understanding in our day when there's going to be an opening up of the word of God. And this isn't just historical. It's not theological. It's not religious. It has to do with a key being given back to us in order to know God's mind in his heart. In order to have thus sayith the Lord Lukeap 11 verse 52 Jesus says woe unto you lawyers for you have taken away woe unto you lawyers. Brother I had a preacher tell me that one time. He said I've got a scripture for you brother Aaron. Woe unto you lawyers. And I said well I have one too. And I think I've told you all this before. Woe is me. It says, "For ye have taken away the key of knowledge. You have entered not in yourselves, and them that were entering in, ye hindered." Well, that's not fair. You don't enter yourself, but you won't let others enter in. Tells you something about that this dynamic that's taken place where the lawyers have taken away the key of knowledge. These false teachings have taken away understanding. And not only are they unwilling to enter into the knowledge of the truth, they lock it up and they can't open it, nor will they let others enter it in. And this is the worst of all transgressions is to keep the people in ignorance. and these things, this key of knowledge that would open up or unlock the key uh that would allow someone to enter in and have access to it that this very uh dynamic that would keep people from knowing truth and through these false seeds that cause the mind to be bound up. It's artificial conception that prevents people from coming to the knowledge of truth because they have this act of learning and they maybe even h have this uh demonstration of what they've learned. So they can kind of enter into a religious process. But if you haven't been born again and you haven't received the spirit of Christ and he's not revealing himself to you, then you can just have this pattern of mimicking what you're learning in not actually coming into deeper fellowship and relationship with God. Amen. I know that may be a difficult concept to think about. And I don't say it to scare you. I just say it to identify that there is a real genuine experience of the baptism of the Holy Ghost that you ought to desire to have with everything that's in you. And you ought to know that you've experienced if you have. In Luke 1 76-79, you'll see here now Jesus saying that they've taken away the key of knowledge. There is a way that God's wanting to restore this knowledge, these minds that had been corrupted. A lot of different scriptures that we could use. I believe we'll use some here in just a moment. But it says, "And now speaking of John the Baptist, he is in the spirit of Elijah. It's an image of even the forerunner we've received in this hour. and thou ch thou child shall be called the prophet of the highest for thou shalt go before the face lord to prepare his ways to give knowledge of salvation unto his people by the remission of their sins. So there's a a knowledge that's being imparted or there's going to be something expressed through the tender mercy of our God whereby and notice this uh it may may seem to be poetry but it it speaks of this enlightening this bringing to light this conception whereby the day spring from on high visited us to give light to them that sit in darkness and in the shadow of death to guide our feet in the way of peace. Now, that's knowledge. That's wisdom. That's understanding. That's divine intelligence. And though there's a prophet that comes that gives knowledge of salvation, humanity was living in the vanity of their imaginations and their foolish minds were were covered over in darkness. As it says that they sat in darkness and light was sprung up. And so there was this forerunner that was going to begin to open up to them this intelligence to give knowledge of our God, to give knowledge of salvation so that the light of the gospel could shine unto them. In 2 Corinthians chapter 4:es 1-6, Paul says, "Therefore, seeing we have this ministry, as we have received mercy, we faint not, but have denounced the hidden things of dishonesty." I think I'll just I'll just read through to the end and then we'll come back to some of these things. Have renounced the hidden things of dishonesty, not walking in craftiness, nor handling the word of God deceitfully. So there's kind of this uh unholy trinity. Hidden things of dishonesty, walking in craftness, h the word of God deceitfully, but by manifestation of the truth, commending ourselves to every man's conscience in the sight of God. This is intelligence versus stupidity. And I don't I don't int I'm not just trying to use a real crass or harsh word, but it's intelligence versus this ignorance. Dishonesty is confusion. So even of that shame that we mentioned earlier, craftiness is a false wisdom. You they're using the Bible as craft to seduce. So there's a way that they're taking things and building things with it. It's not their original substance, but they'll take it and cause it to paint a picture that doesn't exist. And I've said this before, uh, it's been coming back to my mind, but there's a way that we sit back as a artist and we take statements of brother Brandham and we we add them to these other things and we create our own monster and we've all become Frankensteines in that way by creating something that is not the original and pure and real and we're haunted by that monster. The monster's not Frankenstein. You're the Frankenstein. You're the doctor that's created the monster. That's right. And so this is uh showing the difference between real intelligence and this lack of intelligence, the dishonesty, the craftiness, the deceit. So there's this intelligence which is from God. But if our gospel be hid is hid to them that are lost, we could say the unintelligent, those that can't grasp it or conceive it, in whom the God of this world hath blinded the minds of them which believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who's in the image of God, should shine unto them. What do they not have? The key of knowledge. What are they lacking? They haven't been given knowledge. They're in darkness. They're blind. They're encumbered. They're they're numb. For we preach not ourselves, but Christ Jesus the Lord, and ourselves, your servants for Jesus' sake. For God who commanded the light to shine out of darkness. Genesis 1:2 where the darkness of was upon the face of the earth. It was chaotic and it was confusion is intelligible. You couldn't distinguish anything. Then God's spirit brings order and harmony. What was that? That was intelligence. He has shined in our hearts to give the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Jesus Christ. shined in our hearts to give the light of the knowledge of the glory in the face of Jesus Christ. These darkened minds are to be enlightened to true in to true intelligence. Knowledge there speaks of intelligence even in the the Greek the word that's used. It's to bring to this understanding that there's a there's a higher mind. There's a higher way. In 2 Corinthians chapter 10:5, this is part of our active duty as a good soldier. We're to cast down imaginations through the weap the weapons that we have these supernatural things at our disposal. We're to cast down cast casting down imaginations. That's reasoning or judgment. And every high thing that exaltth itself against the knowledge of God. This is an intelligence. any artificial conception that raises up against the intelligences of God, we're to cast it down and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. This is our daily warfare. Amen. I could I believe I could distill it down this simply that tomorrow morning when you go home tonight, whatever interaction you have on your computer, your cell phone, your tablets, your your board games, your your magazines, your newspapers, whatever it is you engage in, and as you go throughout your day and you interact with your siblings, your teacher, your boss, your employees, whatever it is, and on some level, there's going to be some something that rises up that's contrary to the word of God, some sort of thought or judgment or process, something artificially contrived that's going to raise up against the intelligence of And we need to be sharp in our discernment to be able to say, "No, you sit down. There's going to be no artificial resurrections taking place uh in my mind and in my heart. I want the the thoughts going to come, but I can reject it." Because what we're living in is Leodysa. And Leodysia is marked as lukewarm. And this lukewarmness presents itself in this way. Revelations 3:1 17 Because thou sayest, I am rich and increase with goods and have needed nothing and knowest not. They do not know that they're wretched, miserable, poor, and blind and naked. This is what it means to be lukewarm. that you are in reality if you think about it. So this lukewarmness is achieved this stasis or this state is achieved by in reality being naked but in their minds thinking they're clothed. So they kind of find themselves in this state of they're actually naked but they perceive themselves to be clothed. So in one way they are clothed but in reality they're not. That's some that's a really good philosophical one for you there for the loyal to really get into that idea of being it's like Schrodinger's cat you know till you observe them they see themselves as actually naked they think they're clothed and no it's not they're not able the word there means they're not able to comprehend truth they have no capacity of self-awareness so that if you even told them they were naked I'm not naked if this is not le oysia right there was uh I I don't mean to be uh um inappropriate, but there was something I had seen uh I can't just remember exactly when where maybe I don't think it was a protest, but it was an interaction and it had to do with uh my body, my choice. And and some some man said something and the woman said, "Well, you don't have a uterus, so you don't have a right to say that." And he goes, "How could you say I don't have one? How could you assume that about me?" What? He says, "I my pronouns are man having uterus or uterus having man." And the person was like, "Well, I guess I can't say much to that." Why? Because there's no real there's no real nothing's grounded in truth anymore. And they do not know. They have no capacity of self-awareness. The the Bible's even talking they can't process things correctly. No real genuine self-reflection, critical thinking. There's no perceiving. So the the mark of Leo is they know not but they have a lot of thoughts. They have a lot of arts. They they are rich, increase with goods, and have need of nothing. And they can produce the evidences that they are. But in reality and in truth, when it comes to real intelligence, they're wretched, miserable, poor, blind, and naked. They cannot comprehend reality or perceived truth. They have no capacity of self-awareness. They truly are not intelligent. Isn't it amazing? with as many advances we've made in science and in technology and the uh the eases of life and the things that we've done to make things uh processes run very smoothly where they're now getting to the place and I was reading uh sometime over the last year a few places where they they're able to edit DNA at cons at the time of conception to determine very specific things about the child whether it be gender height hair color too late for me hair period period. This is what they're able to do, but they're foolish with it. There's no real wisdom in it. The age that we're living in and what we could see in the politics and science is just a reflection in pure worldly arenas of what the antichrist is trying to do within the church. That's right. And within spiritual warfare, I really hope it's a a a picture, a clear picture to you tonight. Maybe if not clear, at least there's something where I don't have the cow in the tree. I hope there's enough here to where you're seeing this seeing this from where it's burdening my heart. In the sermon, Satan's Eden, Brother Bam says this. They think that they are well filled with the spirit. They're already this is the age that we're living in. And this Revelations 3:17 in Satan's Eden, he says the Leodysian church age is the Pentecostal church age. Don't ever forget that the Leodysian church age is the Pentecostal age that God had to send Malachi 452 to get them out of their mess. And what does it bring us to? It brings us to what he called the bride age. Does that mean there's an eighth church age? No. No. Because there's seven church ages. And now out of the church, God calls a bride. And in her age, her messenger is Christ. So we don't look for another prophet. We're not getting hung up on numer uh numbers here. We live in Leodysia, but we're spiritually caught up into a union, invisible union with Christ. So if we live in lukewarmness, we're in the Leodysian age. That's right. I and we're in that Pentecostal church age has some very demonstrative characteristics because it's the last church age. So the Leodysian church age is the Pentecostal church age. There's not going to be another revival that becomes the Pentecostal church age or the true Pentecostal church age. That's happened. Luther had his message. Wesley had his message and Pentecost had their message. He says also it said that because you are lukewarm neither hot or cold. And he says the emotions of the outside the mental conception of the gospel. Sure. Notice how it's just it's right there put out there before us to where it's not just a failure of intellectual faith. It's a failure of emotional faith. It's the failure of the mind. Whether it be jumping up and down or reading quietly. If it's intellect, if it's human spirit, it's both the same. Whether it be emotional or formal, they're of the same ilk. They're of the same kind. They're lukewarm. Neither hot nor cold cold. the emotions of the outside, the mental conception of the gospel because he said, "You're that way. I'll spill you out of my mouth." In other words, it made him sick to see the church in that condition. the lukewarmness of these extremes, the Pentecostal church age that doesn't know, no real intelligence, go and find in the message of the hour, kind of pointing a little bit to where we want to arrive Sunday of what's to come in this hour to bring us back to rapturing faith. Brother Bam in the sermon the invisible unit of the bride of Christ. He says now we school our seminary students in all kinds of Bible theology and things like that man-made theology and got a bunch of church just exactly a lessa like God said it would be. He says oh my when I look at that it makes me shiverreated with intellectual conception. This is what the age has become. The church age became impregnated with intellectual conception. something that brother Brown was teaching in great detail in ' 65 of how she's conceived something and she's bringing forth but she can't bring forth real children by the word. So what is it? It's artificial conception. There is the uh one of the phrases a phrase that was more common a phrase that was more common that was an AI before artificial intelligence was artificial incimination. And that's what it's a it's a hybrid process. It's a faked process that's bringing forth children, but it's not children by the word. Amen. Says this leadya is pregnantated with intellectual conception. It's an artificial conception. But as we read tonight, I'll close with just a few scriptures here, but this is my last block. 1 Corinthians chapter 2:1 16. Just weigh this in your hearts and in your minds. For who hath known the mind of the Lord that he may instruct him? Now, there's layers here that as we've already seen, man cannot instruct God. But the spiritual man cannot be corrected without the mind of God. It's it's who can natural man cannot judge a spiritual man. A spiritual man is corrected by the mind of God. But who hath known the mind of the Lord that he may instruct him? And so he says, "But we have the mind of Christ." Amen. Whether Paul was saying that he was qualified to correct the Corinthian church or Paul is saying that he had the mind of Christ, but he's also saying we have the mind of Christ. The mind of the Lord is his intelligence. It's noose, that Greek word of that faculty of the mind that's necessary for understanding what is real, what is true, what is genuine. The ability to distinguish between what is real and fake. I wanted to preach a sermon, faith or cake. And I was trying to work on a slide that would say faith and then cake kind of cut to look like cake. Maybe we can make it happen. I don't know how many people here are really good at making cakes. And we can ask, is this real? Is it faith or cake? And unfortunately for us, sometimes we find that we have cake because God wants us to get into the real thing. We have the mind of Christ. Amen. So many fake things in the world today. So many voices. We have the mind of Christ. Let's let's take advantage of it. Christ, the Bible says in Colossians 2:3, "In whom are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge." These treasures of wisdom and knowledge are available to you in your earthn vessels. Christ holds all true intelligence. Peter wrote and said in 2 Peter 3:18, "But grow in grace and in the knowledge of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. To him be glory both now and forever." Amen. He's not saying that we should grow in knowledge in the sense we grow we learn more about him in an academic sense or in a way that we can learn but as a part of being intelligent and part of having the mind of Christ is that we could come to know him more. not learning more about Christ in a carnal sense, but it's a transformation of our intelligence into his a manifestation of it. It grows. Amen. There's ways that they can measure intelligence. They might call it intelligent quotient and IQ. And it's something that they can measure even at a time when somebody doesn't know very much. But based upon how they respond to situations and answer questions at very young ages, they can begin to develop some sort of a relative composite score of what they call their intelligence. This is all natural and carnally. I would say that to you who have the Holy Ghost, you have all intelligence. Amen. You have it. We just need to grow in grace. We just need to grow in that. Let this mind allow it to be in you. The way up is down. We can't do it by being arrogant. We can't do it by pretending. James chapter 1 verse 21 says it this way. Wherefore lay apart all filthiness and superfluity of naughtiness. Such a an interesting phrase. Superfluity of naughtiness. I challenge all parents to use it with your kids at some point in the next week. Lay apart all filthiness. That might be easy if we just go in their rooms. and superfluity of naughtiness and receive. Notice this conception, receive with meekness the engrafted word which is able to save your souls. We need to re reject all the the artificial conception of things and receive the word. This is not academic. This is not intellect. It's not an artificial conception of artificial intelligence. It's I'm referring to an artificial intelligence just using the phrase artificial conception. But yet there's this side to it. We can view it through the mind as being a womb and what kind of seed that we receive and whatever we're receiving garbage in, garbage out. A and whatever level, if it's only coming in intellectually and the mind is opening up and receiving something and we don't have the spirit of Christ down in our souls, then it's never going to reflect back out in the proper way. Let's lay aside those things. We can only do this by discernment. We can only do this with love. To lay aside, to reject those things that are evil, that are filthy, that are naughty, a and this lack of moderation, and continue to receive through humility, the word which is able to grow and to cultivate, to grow you into the full stature of Jesus Christ. God, help us to do these things. And I know that he will because he who has begun this work in you, he's just and faithful to finish it. Amen. I'm thankful for your patience this evening and allowing me the opportunity to deliver my burden this subject. If we could just stand to our feet, bow our heads in prayer. I'll turn it over to brother Andrew to lead in worship. And our musicians are welcome to come. Let's pray together. If you have a need tonight and in your heart, just lift it up before the Lord as we pray. Heavenly Father, we appreciate you so much. And Lord, just through the simplicity of these scriptures and this very narrow look into your word, I believe that we can become more in tune with your word and just develop this greater harmony and symmetry with your spirit so that we can grow. It's there. As newborn babes, we should desire the sincere milk of the word that we can grow thereby. We can grow in this stature. It's in us by this DNA, by this coded intelligence through the right kind of nurture. This great mind of the divine can live itself out. We could ask ourselves, well, what would it look like? Are we going to create worlds and go live on them? Are we going to speak to storms and stop them? If we have need of it, and it's according to your word, Lord, the power is there to do it. But really what I find I want to be is a better father. What I find is I want to be a better spouse. And I don't want to just learn how to be a better spouse. I want to lay aside every artificial conception and just let you live through me. Lord, I know how much I love my wife, how much I love my children, how much I love this church and the people that are in it. And Lord, because I have that great love, I know that I could just cast my cares upon you and yield to you and ask that you would help me to not just love carnally and love imperfectly, but that your love would flow through me, knowing that you are the best thing for my wife and my children, the atmosphere in my home. That in you is all fountain of treasure and wisdom. That in you I find my rest. And so Lord, I pray for everyone here tonight that's longing for more of you that needs to steal away from the voices in this world. Lord, we are becoming more and more reliable upon uh synthetic processes, recipes, queries, snippets where we interact with a model that spits out an outcome. And there's a way, Lord, that we can begin to act that way with you where we're just querying you and our prayers and our requests become nothing more than a prompt to a large language model, a prompt to chat GPT. It's no different when we say, "God, I need this." Or, "What about this?" It's no different than saying, "Gemini, what about this?" Lord, we want to enter into a deeper level of not experiences but true revelation of your word. So we seek your face, Father. As I see a hunger growing in my children for the word, Lord, I I want to see that just cultivated more where they seek the message, Lord. They seek it out. They read their Bibles. They pray. May I be better, Lord, at demonstrating that for them. We love you, Lord. I just feel such a precious presence that in our midst. I pray that you be with the people as they're dismissed. Go with us. Give us strength. Father, comfort us. Be with those that are still sick. The night guards, different ones traveling. My wife and son, Lord, traveling to a homeschool convention. Just watch out over them. Everyone else I don't see tonight. I miss them. I pray that you bless them. We ask all this in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
