################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-07 - Bro Ray Muetz  What if, Could it Be - Ray Muetz.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-07
Title:    Bro Ray Muetz:  What if, Could it Be
Speaker:  Ray Muetz
Church:   Arizona Believers Church
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 15m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p57G0el7PJU
========================================

Description:
Bro Ray Muetz:  
What if, Could it Be
Wednesday Service: May 7, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
And we're going to start. We're going to take a couple lengthy readings to try I want to a thought came to me here a month or so ago and was listening to something and the thought is what if could it be? I know you're like, "What? That don't sound like a message title." Well, that's all right. We'll see what God has for us and uh and you'll see as we get going what we're talking about here. Luke 24 starting at verse 13. Familiar scriptures. And behold, two of them went to the same day to a village called Emmas, which was from Jerusalem about three score furlongs. And they talked together of all the things which they had happened. And it came to pass that while they communed together, and reason, Jesus himself drew near and went with him. But their eyes were holden that they should not know him. And he said unto them, "What manner of communications are these that you have one to another as you walk and are sad?" And one of them whose name was Cleopus answering said unto him, "Art thou only a stranger in Jerusalem, and hast not known the things which are come to pass there in these days?" And he said unto them, "What things?" And they said unto him concerning Jesus of Nazareth. Now think about what they're as we read what they're saying because now they're telling Jesus of the prophecies concerning himself. And yet they are blind to the fulfillment of the prophecy that they are talking about. And he said unto them what things? And they said unto him concerning Jesus of Nazareth, which was a prophet mighty in deed and word before God and all the people, and how the chief priests and our rulers delivered him to be condemned to death, and have crucified him. But we trusted that had been he which should have redeemed Israel. And besides all this, today is the third day since these things were done. Yay. And certain women also of our company made us astonished which were early at the sele. And when they found not his body, they came, saying that they had also seen a vision of angels, which said that he was alive. And certain of them which were with us went to the suppleure, and found it, even as the women had said, but they but him they saw not. Then said he unto them, "Oh fools, and slow of heart to believe all that the prophets have spoken. Ought not Christ to have suffered these things and to enter into his glory? And beginning at Moses and all the prophets, he expounded unto them in all the scriptures the things concerning himself. Father, as we come before you truly, Lord, we just pray that you have accepted our praise and the songs, Father, and the worship as we come here to give back to you, Father, what little we can for the things that you've done for us. And we just pray now, Father, that you would come break the word of life to us. Father, do your part in this service. Father, speak to us. Speak to our hearts. You know what each person has need of and the way that they can receive. We just pray, Father, that you would just come down. Move the speaker aside. Move the hearers aside, Father, and just take control. We love you. We appreciate you. And we ask it in Jesus' name. Amen. So, if you been you can be seated. And if you notice and we know these things that as they were walking along and they were we're going to turn to Matthew 17 if you would. As they were walking along, they missed the whole message. They were believers for three and a half years, probably longer than that because they believe they were Jews. They believe what was in their Bible. They they could tell you the prophecies, but yet now the prophecies are fulfilled and they missed it. And what did Jesus do? He went back through, starting at Moses, he went back through the prophecies to explain to them who he was. God bless you, Brother Ellas. That was my thought. What if could it be? Could we have been around this so long and have missed what the message was all about? Okay. Now, let's turn to Matthew chapter 17 and we'll read another familiar one. They should be familiar. If you're saying, "Man, I never read that before." You need to be reading your Bible. Amen. You need to be listening to the message and hearing the voice, right? We know these things. Are we all believers? Is there any um uh visitors? All right. You know, because brother Bram said when you're preaching to believers, you can preach all night. Oh, yeah. That I'm pretty sure he said that. I'm getting old, but I'm pretty sure he said that I like to use these uh little cough drops and you know they take a little while to uh dissolve and then you know when to quit and I've been to Africa quite a few times, lots of times actually and I would do this and they'd always, man, why are you quitting already? Why are you quitting? and came back for the evening service and there was like a whole pile sitting on the desk because but you know in Africa they don't they don't have anything. They have to depend on the Lord. I go to Malawi a lot and at one time they had 75% unemployment. So if it wasn't for you know for God they depend on him a lot. But that's why things happen in Africa because they can they know how to depend on God. Okay, let's keep going. Matthew 17 and we're going to start reading at verse one. And after six days, Jesus taketh Peter, James, and John his brother, and bringeth them up into a high mountain, and was transfigured before them, and his face did shine as the sun, and his raignment was as white as light. And behold, there appear appeared unto him Moses and Elias talking with him. Then answered Peter, and said unto Jesus, Lord, it is good for us to be here. If thou wilt, let us make here three tabernacles, one for thee, one for Moses, one for Elias. While he yet spake, behold, a bright cloud overshadowed them. Behold, a voice out of the cloud, which said, "This is my beloved son in whom I am well pleased. Hear ye him." And when he had the disciples heard it, they fell on their face and were sore afraid. And Jesus came and touched him and said, "Arise, be not afraid." And when they had lifted up their eyes, they saw saw no man save Jesus only. And as they came down from the mountain, Jesus charged them, saying, "Tell the vision to no man till the Son of Man be risen again from the dead." And his disciples asked him, saying, Why then say the scribes that Elias must first come? And Jesus answered and said unto them, Elias truly shall first come and restore all things. But I say unto you, you missed it. Elias has already come. And they knew him not, but have done unto him whatsoever they listed. Likewise shall also the Son of Man suffer them. Then they understood he spake of them of John the Baptist. So here it was again. They knew the scriptures. We know the message and the message was fulfilled before them. They missed it, right? Because now they see Jesus coming in his glory and everything. They're like, "Hold on, hold on. We know what the message says." And Elias is supposed to come back before all this happens. Yeah. And Jesus. Yeah. But you guys missed it. What? We missed it. Ah, I see. What if I wonder if it could be that same way? Because I think a lot of times, and I'll show you here in a second, just like this. They were looking when they seen that, they were looking at men, right? Oh, let's lift up the prophets. Oh, there's Moses. We're going to build an altar. There's we're going to build these altars. And that was happening in our day. I'll show you here in just a second. I got to get to it first. I was looking for a picture of the cloud, but I didn't see one back there. So, I have to use my small one. So for from 1963 when brother Random stood in the pyramid with all the angels coming down and do you ever notice that it wasn't until the first I can find and I've looked and I've looked and I've looked. It wasn't until 1965. Brother Brandham was always pointing, "Oh, look at the angels. Oh, look at this and this is happening and all those angels came down and I was standing in front of him. Not down n the prophet didn't catch it. 1965 finally brother Random said the spirit came to him and said turn it right. What? What do you mean turn it right? Am I not looking at this right? Turn it to the right. And when he did, now the message was coming into view just like here. But they missed it. Why? Finally, they were looking and all of a sudden what? Everything disappeared except for Christ. Why? Because the message is Christ. Amen. You see what if we could it be that we've missed the very purpose of the message. Pretty interesting when you start thinking about it. So here and then we know brother Brandham talked about and preached on the subject many times modern events made clear by prophecy. But I'm thinking now as we look because we know, but our prophecies have been made clear by modern events. Have we missed some things and we don't? You'll see as we get going as we looking for something that has already happened because it I've showed you a couple places in the Bible that they were message believers. what we would call message believers and they missed the very message that they were claiming to believe. Okay. So, second Peter 1:18:19. I'm going to read just read this to you. And this is Peter given his testimony. And this voice which came from heaven, we heard when we were with him in the holy mount. But we also have a more sure word of prophecy. Where unto you do well that take heed as unto a light that shineth in a dark place until the day dawn and the day st star star arise in your hearts. So now Peter here was talking about mount transfiguration but I'm talking about our modern prophecy what was given to us and that word sure here means steadfast something that we know these things are the truth. We know the things that the prophet prophesied aren't are going to happen. They're they're steadfast. And dayar I I like that day means lightbringing or illumination. We've we've been illumin Have you been illuminated? Has your eyes been open to what God has done in this day? And not just done, but what God is doing? Right? Because we know for us, we have seven visions that the prophet had back when he started into the ministry, right? It was Mussolini, uh, Hitler, the three isms, um, science, the self-driving cars. I mean, man, they're all around, right? A woman's world. And then the last one was, well, then there was Romanism. And then the last one was what? America laid waste. Amen. Okay. Sorry, I'm a old school guy. I don't know how these guys get up here with their iPad stuff. That's Yeah. Okay. So, out of the message, a sign of his coming. Moses and his sign, God-given sign, scriptural sign. Do you believe Moses sign was scriptural? How did Moses know? How did Moses know it was God? When he went down there, he understood, being born a prophet, he had the word of the Lord, he knowed. So, he goes down there to deliver Israel and he found out he was out of date. The Now, don't think, well, we're not prophets because that's not what the prophet said in the church age book. Do you got your church age book? He said, "It's going to take a people with prophetic insight to see what God is doing in our days." See, the people didn't want him. A prophet can never deliver his message unless the people want to hear it. So, God just called his prophet in the wilderness. Sure. Took him out there and let the people suffer a little longer till they was ready. Moses was ready. God was ready, but the people wasn't. Ain't that something? You see, it happens. Just like brother Brandham said when his vision of the second bear, he said God fulfilled his part, but he wasn't ready, so he missed it. Man, we need to be ready. We need to be ready. He said they stayed 40 years longer because they wasn't ready. That's exactly right. And I'm one as I read the message in many, many places, Brother Brandham said the rapture should have already taken place. But are we in the same place? Because not that we've rejected Moses, but what we're not seeing the prophecy being fulfilled in order to go. Now, I know some people like, well, you know, the rap the rapture is a process and it's this the shout and I'm sorry when I hear people preach on the rapture, my mind goes to that c that moment, that change of our body, that catching away when we're going to see him. That's what I'm looking for. And so I believe this is me by reading these things that we should have. I want to get out of here. I don't want to be here another millennium or another century. It, you know, it's time to go. So now in the church age book, Brother Brham's talking about the time is at hand. The time was not at hand previously in the wisdom and economy of God. This mighty revelation though fully known to God could not come forth hither. Thus we immediately learn a principle the revelation of God. You know, and I know people say, well, you know, God knows every Yeah, God knows everything, but it doesn't mean that that wasn't God. When God sent Moses, that was their time, but God knew the people were rejected, but God still has to do and stay, we'd say, in his timeline. Even though God isn't in timeline in time, but he has sequences that he needs to fulfill. Okay? So the revelation of God for each age can come in that age only and at a specific time. Look at the history of Israel. The revelation of God to Moses only came at a specific time of history. and even more specifically. So now he goes from a specific time to something that's now he says it's even more specific than the specific time that God was sending Moses there. He said even more specifically it came as the people cried unto God. Jesus himself came at the fullness of time being the complete revelation of the Godhead. I wonder if we're crying about the wrong things and not crying about God come right, you know, and don't get me wrong and I know we go through a lot of things and we have a lot of problems just like the children of Israel did with the task maskers and being beat and stuff. But one day they realized calling or trying to relieve that pressure wasn't going to happen until God came and delivered them. You see, are we looking at it the wrong way? Are is our thoughts not going to what we really need to be go doing? Right? Because we have you know you we have to suffer brothers and sisters. Why? Because we know we are to rule and reign on the other side. But power what without character is satanic. So the only way you can get charact what learned obedience by the things not by the flowery bed of ease but by the things that he suffered. So we have to suffer. we're going to suffer. So, we need to learn a principle. I think that one, God has a part. But then two, we also have a part, right? And we know that because the prophet told us that we have a part. God needs to fulfill his part. How? By us. My feet, my hands, my lips, my ears. That's what he's going to use to fulfill his part. Okay. I'll get down into how I got this thought and was listening to these things. He says, 'Don't you never fear communism? Communism is a godless move. But you hear some of these preachers stand in the pullpit condemning communism. Communism. I don't believe in it either, but and tell their church, "Oh, we're going to be swallowed up. The whole world is going to become communist." That's contrary to God's word. There's no place in the Bible for that. But the Bible says that the Romanism, the Catholic Church will swallow the world. Take Daniel and find out the head of gold, King Nebuchadnezzar, Babylon kingdom, Mes and Persians succeeded them, the Grecian Empire, and then Rome went to the end. The 10 toes run into every nation. There's an iron curtain, there's a bamboo curtain, there's a purple curtain, but don't you fear the rest of them, but watch the purple curtain. Now listen to what he says here. She, in other words, Rome is sitting right here on the throne today in this country. Huh? But I thought I mean, wait for a moment. She, the Catholic Church, he said, is on the throne today. And that quote was 1962. You see, what if, brothers and sisters, could it be? But every time we have an election in America, believers are looking for a woman wearing a purple outfit to be sworn in as president. But he just said she is already on the throne. What if it's already been fulfilled? Could it be we've like those on the road to Emmas and haven't caught the prophecies that were fulfilled by modern events? You see, because brother Brandham didn't live in the same realm as us, right? He was like John. He what? Lived in the past. He lived in the present. and he lived in the future. You know, I don't know and hopefully it's all right to say it here, but uh if you've ever listened to brother Biscll's testimony and he talks about when he him and brother Brandham were a by themselves talking in 1961, brother Brisco says, brother Brandham asked him, he said, "Brother Eddie, have you heard my message I preached on false anointed ones? Well, that wasn't preached till like what, 1965? But in 1961, he's already seen himself as preaching that message. I know you're thinking, well, you know, but brother Brown said this and see what if? That's the question. What if? Could it be that we keep looking for something that has already happened and so we're missing the whole uh prophecies being fulfilled and seeing where we're at and so we get caught up into the daily things of life when we should be so far past that. So Times magazine article back in uh concerning JFK when he was president. I thought this was pretty cool. The the the um uh the name of the article was the presidency the backdoor no longer. And so the article goes on to say even after we have seen it, the act of bringing a pope in the front door of the White House, just like he was an Arab with oil or state chairman with delegates, it's nothing short of a miracle. Wow. The Pope walked right in the front door and took over and we missed it. We're still looking for the woman in purple. You see this? Then, so Brother Bram says, "Then in the sixth vision, there arose up." Now, listen to how he says this. "Then in the sixth vision, there rose up in America a most beautiful but cruel woman. She held the people in her complete power. I believe that this was the rise of the Roman Catholic Church, though I knew it could possibly be a vision of some woman rising in great power in America due to the popular vote by women. But see, he says he believed it's the Roman Catholic Church. And here we can see by modern events they walked in the front door and took over. So some you like statistics they're pretty cool. So some government statistics here. So the total number of Catholics in Congress increased by two members from 148 in the last Congress to 150 in the new one. The the percentage increased slightly from 27 to 28.2%. Catholics remain the largest Christian denomination represented in Congress. Yeah. Wow. So, who's in control? According to Pew's numbers, 126 members of the House, 24 senators are Catholic. The majority of Catholics in both chambers are are Democrats. 70 in the House, 13 in the Senate. There are 56 Catholic Republicans in the House and 11 in the Senate. So they go on to say that the uh the largest representation of religion is the Catholic Church in our government right now. What are we waiting for? There are 459 incumbent members of Congress who are returning with 129 of them belonging to the Catholic Church, which accounts for 28%. There are 73 new members of Congress, 21 of them are Catholic, which accounts for 28% of the freshmen. And did you know that a more than onethird of Trump's cabinet are Catholic? I mean, what if that vision portion's already fulfilled? Could it be that we've missed it? This one is really This is pretty cool. are not pretty cool. But so did you know, and I didn't know either, that during Trump's first term, the first time in history, a Catholic mass was performed in the White House? I mean, who's in control besides God? Now, this is something also. Did you know that in the Supreme Court that six of the nine current justices are Catholic? That's the most ever. Who's in control? Who rose to control in America? So Kennedy and Biden, they were have been the only Catholic presidents. So, we just had a Catholic President Biden and now the last trump is sounding. And so if you look in the Bibles as you go in the Bible as you go through and we call them in our day and time or language superpower nations which at the moment we're the only ones left but the superpower nations like Egypt, Babylon, all these ones coming up they had one thing in common and that is they always are involved with Israel. And so America being the last, think about it for a minute. America being the last superpower, what happens is they become so powerful that they become a law unto themselves, right? What they get a uh a feeling of invincibility. I mean, we get that way. We're from America. Nobody can, you know, we'll we'll take over if we have to. See, it kind of trickles down, don't it? So, think about it for a moment. Like Trump getting out there with not talking politics, but trying to bring through modern events, showing the prophecies that we're at. But so, Trump puts out there all of these uh he's going to redo the tariffs and and all of that. And so, what happened? Everybody at first goes, "What? Oh, we can't do that." But you know there up to what almost a hundred nations now have called Trump to say okay let's do something here. Why? Because they know as being the only superpower. Because what happens when you get to that status you can decree whatever you want to decree. Why? because nobody else is strong enough to make you back up. Can we read something else here? Let's just turn for a moment to Daniel chapter 8. and we'll read uh start at verse 23 and we'll read a couple verses here. So, and in the latter times of their kingdom, when the transgressors are come to the full, a king of fierce countenance and understanding, dark sentences shall stand up, and his power shall be mighty, but not by his own power. And he shall destroy wonderfully, and shall prosper and practice, and shall destroy the mighty and the holy people. And through his policy also he shall cause craft to prosper in his hand and he shall magnify himself in his heart and by peace shall destroy many. He shall also stand up against the prince of princes but he shall be broken without a hand. So what is craft? What is Daniel talking about? Manufacturing. What do you think all of this is all about? Manufacturing. What is it going to do? So, I think it's going to bring this all up and start causing manufacturing to come more than what it is now. People will start just like it says here through peace he's going to destroy. You could hear it even I don't know about here but believers before the election. Oh, if Trump gets in the office there we'll have peace and okay. Are you not catching what you're talking about? Why? Because they see some great economic things going to happen for America and everybody's going to get rich. Yet the Bible says when they say peace, peace, peace, what know that sudden destruction, right? And so the people, us, we need to not get caught up into that, but see what the fulfillment of prophecy and how close we really are. Uh, I want to go home. I don't know about the rest of you. It's time to go home and not just pass from this life waiting. I It's time for the rapture to get out of here. I mean, we shouldn't this. It's, you know, like brother Brandham said, horriblest nation there is, but I'm glad I live here. Because we still have some freedoms. But the problem is, what does it do? It I think it bl it gets we get scales over our eagle eyes because things are too easy. So, okay. So what is it then that we already did that about Trump and his magna make America great what does that do national pride and that's what all n you can see in a candidate oh we don't want to we're not going to be another state we're the okay but we as believers are not supposed to be caught up in that right because even though we're American per se but my church age book tells us what we are supposed to reflect the spirit of the world of our rebirth. And this is not our world. You know, like people always say, wanting to my favorite little thing is, you know, is there alien life out there? Is there aliens among us? Yep. Yep. I'm not from this world. I'm from a different world, right? I'm just passing through till I can get to the other side. There's been aliens here for thousands of years. Amen. So, we just don't want to get caught up into these things. So, think about man, think about these things here now. So, Brother Brandham says, "Look, it could happen at any time. There's not one thing left, but the coming of the Lord is at hand." Well, if there's not one thing left, why are we looking for a woman in purple? I'm just going back to this that she's all the Catholic Church has already took over. It's already done and we've missed it and we're not catching the fulfillment of the prophecies that we are supposed to be looking at. like the two on the road to Emmas. Jesus, you know, brother Bram says they were their disciples and he told them, "Yeah, they're going to take me. They're going to kill me, but guess what? In three days, I'll rise again." Oh, he's gone. What are we going to do? What are you going to do? Believe prophecy? Right. It it was fulfilled. I know. But you know it was the sister said that the tomb was empty and it was a sister and uh you know man I don't know if I should believe that or not right why because you know we're we're good Bible uh uh what would you say Bible not just believers but we like to do what the Bible says and the Bible tells us that every man's right in his own guys, right? Just ask them. Yeah, I know everything. Just ask me. You know, it's I wonder sometime our oldest son is handicapped and so he has to live with us forever. And but you ask him, I mean, he's handicapped. He's like a 12-year-old. And is there any 12-y olds in here? But you talk to him. He knows everything. Just ask him. He knows everything. And I always look like, "Sorry, Lord. I know I know everything, but is that how you look at me?" Like, uhhuh. Yeah. Okay. You know, because we got to get away from those things, right? What part of being a Christian is what? We self-sacrifice. We lower ourselves. We want God to come in and take over. Because remember, if there's any speck of us here, God can't deal with us. I mean, God can't use us fully the way that he wants to use us, right? Isn't that part of what brother Brandham said? What the uh mystery, you know, Christ, the mystery of God revealed the three things. God wants preeminence. That means he takes over for us, right? So when we go through trials and we go through things, we don't focus on those. We we have to know that God is doing it for a purpose. And to get away from all it's hard, but to get away from those things and focus on what we're really supposed to be doing. And what is that? Displaying the word to a lost generation. You know, I mean, where are we at? It probably be a good time to go back and listen to um souls that are in prison now. You know, you could hear it in brother Brandham's voice. He thought it was over that nobody else could be saved, right? Like, man, I he was like, I got children. Is Is this it? Or is this no more? Why? Because he was living in a different realm than us. He's looking out over here, seeing where we're at today. But we're just like, you know, I like to stay with the things. We're all like, "Hey, man, let's build a bigger church. We need some more chairs." Jesus was never like that, right? He looked around and man, he's seen 82 preachers. He's like, "Man, that's too many. That way too many preachers, right? Well, unless you eat the my flesh." What? Okay. Now hold on here. First you call yourself the son of God for and then you're and now you want us to do what? Yeah, we can't handle this, right? And they walked away. What was pretty amazing though. Only 12 stayed and yet the devil was still there. He's here. Why? Because he wants our worship. He doesn't want their worship. He wants to be what? Worship like God. And we're the only ones who know how to worship God the way that God wants to be worshiped in spirit and truth. Not just the singing the songs and all that, but he wants truth. Our lives are supposed to show forth that truth because that's what he's looking for. Okay. So, okay. So, he says there's not one thing left. The coming of the Lord is at hand. We see in the hangers of Russia and all the different worlds bombs and things that would destroy the complete world in one snap. The world could not stand it. And before that takes place, the church is going to glory. Remember, before any rain ever fell, Noah was in the ark safely. Before any fire ever fell, the angel said to Lot, "Get thee hints. Get out cuz I can do nothing until you've gone hence. Got away from here. What about us? We need to get away from this world, the things of this world, the everything that has to do with this world before God can come in and destroy this world. It sounds cruel, but that's what it's going to happen, right? You know, it wouldn't do us no good to start praying, "Oh, please God, don't drop California in the ocean." Oh, but prayer changes things. H not everything, right? Why? Because it's been spoken. It's going to happen. If God speaks anything, it has to happen. Amen. So, brother Bram says here in recognizing your day and its message, he says, "As a minister of the gospel, I can't see one thing left but the going of the bride." But hold it. I thought the church, Roman church, was going to take over. There's not one thing left. That's what I believe. Let me finish reading this here. And the bride has to be taken away before they can recognize talking about the Jews. What's happened? They were bound, scattered. I mean, they were scattered, blinded, and now garner gathered. What's left? The bride has to be taken out of the way. So, does that mean we're in the way for all this to happen for them to recognize that they crucified him? Amen. I think the bride's in the way a little bit because we're not recognizing the prophecies that have been fulfilled and we're waiting for something to happen that's already happened. Amen. I that's the way I believe it. waiting for the going of the bride so their prophets of Revelation 11 can call them to the feast of the trumpet to make them to recognize what they have done. Amen. So, we've been reading these things. Not one thing left. These things have happened yet we're still here. I think we need to get, like I said, get away from everything and start focusing. Lord Jesus, come quickly. It's It's time. Lord, get me out of the way. If I'm in the way, take it out of I it's time to go. Time to go. Okay. So in the third Exodus, so brother Brandham says that she re appears in Revelations 13 America number 13. And remember, it raised up like a lamb, freedom of religion. But then it received power from the beast, an image like it, and spoke with all authority and done the same rotten things that the beast did before him. Then tell me it's not prophesied of this nation. The Amorite condition is just about right because they've already been working in it. So what does the beast do? It makes superpowers out of the image. That's where we're at, right? Because we know that the prophet told us that what the uh um the pope can call if he wanted to, he could call Russia and Ukraine together and say, "Okay, stop." Oh, no, he could. Yes, he could because the prophet said he could. Don't you believe what the prophet said? Well, you know, but see, that's why we're still in the way because we're still trying to think with these canary brains instead of just only believe what the prophet has said and read how he said it. You see, because Rome controls the world and we've already read, brother Bram said she's already controlling this nation, right? Why do you think they're always consulting with the pope, the presidents? What happens behind closed doors that we don't know? So he says the iniquity wasn't fulfilled full yet of the Amorites. So they had to linger and wait before the Exodus. I mean, man, the things that are going on in this nation and it's not full yet every not even every year. It's like every month you're like it can't get any worse and it's something you're just like pull your hair out. You know, I remember when they you know like okay we're going to let the homosexuals marry one another and you know even preachers in the oh that's so yeah we know those things are it's against the word yes but these things have to happen. If these things don't happen the cup doesn't get full and we don't get out out of here. You know, so we know those things are wrong, but that's not supposed to be our focus. Our focus is Jesus come quickly. So he said, "So when the iniquity is filled, then there come a spiritual or natural exodus to lead the people to a natural land where a natural Amorite had once dwelt, called that their land. And so the iniquity of the Amorite denominations has called themselves the church. So long till their iniquity is about fulfilled. So there's coming an exodus where God will show who he is. You know how he's going to do that? Short quick work. That's what he said. A short quick work to show who he is. And then where the church itself, the bride of Jesus Christ will be exodused out into the land that's their promised in my father's house are many mansions in this place. You don't have to go there and fight like they did. It's already prepared. If this earthly tabernac dwelling is dissolved, we have one already waiting that where I am, you'll be there also. So, we're going from a spiritual exodus into a natural exodus because that that city more real than all of this and that is our inheritance is that city is to see our Lord. We should want to go there more and more. Amen. But what happened? They waited 40 years. Why? Because they the people remember he said weren't ready man am I Lord am I not ready what am I missing here what what do I need to do right that we all need to be God am I in the am I the one causing it I pray that a lot God is in me I don't want you know I want to get on the other side and say well you know guys if for brother Ray you guys would have got out of here 10 years ago man you know and you're like brother Ray man, you know. So, where are we? Where are we? Okay, so brother Brandham says in the first seal, just going through some of this. And in doing this to get it, she'll compromise with the Jews and make a covenant. It's talking about Rome again. And when she makes the covenant with the Jews, now remember, I'm taking this from scripture. Where does this and makes this covenant? We notice Daniel 8:23 and 25. She will cause craft to prosper and craft is manufacturing in his hand. So that's why in my mind, why is Trump trying so hard to redo all these tariffs and bring all this manufactur? He says to bring it back here to make it prosper for us. Why? Because Rome is in control and they know what they're doing. You see, did we miss something? What if? Could it be? Have we been waiting for something that has past tense already happened? Just like the two on the road to Emmas, they were so caught up in what they thought was supposed to happen and it didn't happen. And now what's going on? We don't understand. Is that how humans? Well, that is how humans think and we need to get away from that, right? God, let your thoughts be my thoughts, right? Let the mind that was in Christ be in each of you. Amen. I know some preachers don't, you know, but what was the rest of that scripture? Let the mind of Christ be in you who this is a whole another thing but who being in the form of man thought it what not robbery to be what equal with God doesn't make us like Jesus but brother Bram said if we have a spoonful of the ocean we don't have the whole ocean. But what do we have? Everything that's in the ocean's in this small little spoonful, right? What do you think? The pillar of fire at the beginning, the baptism, what was it? That was that spoonful portion of God going into each believer. Why? Because she is him. We are what? Bone of his bone. Flesh of his flesh, right? That's why you our communion scripture. Do you think it's, you know, well, we know it's not the little round thing and that's not, you know, Christ and the Bible says that or the scripture says what many are sick and weak among us. Why? Because we don't discern the body of the Lord. Is it that little piece of thing? The body of the Lord. I'm looking at it. I like to do I go everybody. Everybody want to touch God. Oh yeah. Everybody raises their hand. Okay, give your hand up. Are you ready? Oh, put your hand up. Said if you want to touch God, this is all you have to do. That's why we are sick. That's why we don't get what we need. Because we don't recognize it's God sitting next to you. Why? Because you guys know each other. You go to church with each other. You fellowship with one another. Oh, and I seen brother Elias last week. Yeah. I don't know about that. So, we don't have no confidence in what the scripture is. Okay. Sorry. Let me keep going. So, did we miss something? Is it we've been waiting for something that has already happened? And it is that why when you listen to the especially after the word was open, how admit that the the prophet was that the coming was at any moment. And what was he always saying? He finally got away from that. But he was always saying, "Come out from among them. Get to your position. Get to where you are supposed to be." Why? Because he's coming any moment. He can be here now, right? Do you come to church thinking, "Man, we're going to rapture tonight. That preacher's going to preach like and we're gone." already like, man, it's Wednesday night and we got a new preacher and we never heard, you know, I hope he's not one of them African guys and you know 10:00 and I don't know what to do and right or you're like okay is this it is this moment are we are is something and we're out of here are you that it and I just can't get and right? You remember how it was when you first came in, man? You couldn't wait to get to church. You were on the front row, man. You're sitting there waiting, right? Now it's like, oh man, six o'clock comes early in the morning. What's this guy doing? I wish he'd hurry up and get out of here. You see? But we got to have that mindset, right? I remember when I for man I didn't even get out of bed in morning even use the restroom till I grabbed my Bible and read it. Why? Because that's you know you that excitement that you had and that you wanted. Why? Because you wanted to know him. You were uh thankful for what he did for you. Called you out of that world. Called you out of the sin and you know all he was doing was showing you who you are. All right. You know we go that's another one. But we get our minds so set on the way the world looks at things. You know, one of my pet peeves is how we have to get saved. You guys, did you know a believer doesn't have to get saved like they get saved, right? You we're that prodal son. He was always, right? He was always a son. And you don't think his dad knew exactly where he was at, but what had to happen? The Bible said he had to come to himself to recognize who he was to what? Come back to his father. And brother Brandham told us that. He said God know knew exactly where you were. He knew exactly how old you would be. He knew exactly what time it was that you would accept who you are. Amen. And then he showed himself to you and here you are. You see, because we know the prophet told us that a real believer could never be lost. You know, he said that right in the church age book. He said, "There's a group of people, I love this, that no matter what they do, their name can never be taken off the book of life." Oh, I know. But last week, I I don't care. I don't care. The prophet said, "It doesn't matter what you do." But you know how you know that you're one of them? Because when you do that, you're back repenting, saying, "God, I'm sorry. I should not have done that. forgive me. Right? And then next week, Satan, because I love to fish and so does Satan, he's out in the sea of forgetfulness. Oh. Oh. Oh, look. What? Brother Ray. Brother Ray, look. It's the truth. Know you think, "Well, that sounds goose." No, but it's the truth. Because Satan hasn't forgotten what he's made you do. Right? It's not you doing it, it's him doing it. But as long as he can think you did it, then here we are. Right? You know, that's why we were I like that song. We were singing the the peace of God cover us. But you know what's better than the peace of God was that wedding band of grace that he slipped on your finger before the prophet said before you left heaven, God slipped out. So, you're already there and so we're going back. So, how are you ever not going to be there? But Satan is so good at his job to get us to not believe that, right? You know, I like how brother Brandham said, "When the weakest of Christians gets on their knees to pray, who trembles?" Satan trembles. Why? Why do you ever think about why he trembles? trembles because most of the time it's on your knees when God reveals himself to you. And when God reveals himself to you, then it's solid. I can sit here and oh man, it's Oh yeah, brother Ray, that sounds really good. And oh, I believe that. But until God reveals it to you, Satan can take it away. But when God reveals it to you, Satan's powerless. Satan is powerless. That's why brother Bram always healing. When God reveals to you that God are when God reveals to you that he you are healed not he has healed you are healed past tense you are healed Satan can do nothing now he'll be there the next day and he'll be oh I was not no that's the very sign that you've received what you asked for and if you hold to that see if you have the revelation then you hold to that and Satan can't do your heal it. It's over. He has to leave. I don't know how we got on healing. Hopefully, you guys all look uh pretty healthy here today. So, but we got to remember that it's all ready. Okay. So, waiting for the cup of the of the iniquity of the you know, that's pretty good. I still got threequarters of this left. We can just keep on going. So, we're waiting for the cup of the iniquity of the Amorites to be fulfilled. And we are so we're looking also, you know, oh, one day they're going to um close our doors and we're not going to be able to worship and all that. But in West Cavina, West Los Angeles, the group there, they couldn't find a It's not that they couldn't find a church, but the laws they have in in in uh Los Angeles and the they were telling me that the um application and stuff that they have to fill out, they didn't qualify as a church. So, they weren't allowed to get their own church. So they had to rent a church from, you know, rent time from another church to have services. You see, those things are already there. And we're are we that's my whole question. Are we looking for something that's already done? And until, like you said, until we can get past that and figure these things out, we're still here because we're looking for something that's already done. Remember like brother random said, God cannot heal you. Why? He's already healed you. He said if Jesus was standing up in my suit in that he could not heal you. You see? So, but we're looking. So, I don't know why I'm getting on this. We're looking for, you know, when I pray for people, I don't go, "Oh, God, this poor brother, man, he's just suffering. I pray you come down and heal him. Can't do it. But I say, Lord God, this brother needs faith to believe what you have already done. Please increase his faith. You see, do we pray right? Are we praying wrong? You see, it's just a little checkup. Go home and check up, man. God, am I doing everything the way I need to be doing it? You know, because like you said, God's a gentleman. He's not going to force you. But if you ask him to show you, to lead you, he will. And that's what he wants to do. Okay, let me hurry up and finish up. We're getting thrown out here pretty soon. So now, the only way that iniquity can be filled up is God has to what? First speak the word through a prophet. We've had that, right? Then what has to happen? Then the word that the prophet spoke has to start being manifested in the people, right? Then what do they do when they start manifesting that word? Then they start on their journey to their inheritance. What is your inheritance? Every word that's in this Bible is our inheritance. Why? Because we are the bride. That it's for us. You see, we So everything that this Bible tells us, that's what we want. Our portion. So then but what happens is we get just like natural Israel brother Bram said is a type of spiritual pride and what happened to them? They came out came out of dark denominationalism. Israel came out of Egypt but what then they failed to I mean it just comes down to belief. They failed to believe Moses and they wandered in the wilderness for 40 years. So now here God sent Moses. They didn't accept him. They were in Egypt for 40 years. Now they finally like, "Okay, God, take us out of here." So God took him out and they disbelieved God again in another 40 years. So from the time that God said the raptures to take place and the time they went into their inheritance was 80 years. I hope we don't have another 15 years because we didn't catch what the whole message was about, right? Because what we just going around and around the same mountain. But it was when the elected turned to cross Jordan. Oh man. Okay, this might be a little hard. But you know, those that initially came out under Moses, those that were elected to cross over had to leave them behind. That's right. They had to believe them. They had to leave them behind. Why? Because that's what God called for. You know, I always get that uh tell people and sometimes they're like, "What? What do you mean?" But you see those little things they have of Jericho and you see them, you know, marching around Jericho and bunch of old men with long white beards. Did you know that's not true? Did you know that uh Joshua's generals were only 18 and 20 years old? What? Because it was only that generation that was allowed to go in, right? The fourth, if you figure it out, it's the fourth generation. And where are we at in this message? It's time to cross over. Amen. And then what happens as we keep going, sorry, it's time to close. But now what happens then is the third pull has to be manifested. He said, "Well, sure, you know, it's been manifested." Brother Brandham spoke, you know, the squirrels and then he he he spoke about his wife and he did these five things. Brother said that was just to show us, just to show us what the third pull was. Now, we know this is another one. Sorry, there's a lot of things you can come into this, but I just want to get out of here. Sorry, I'm just getting old and I just more and more I think about it. It's time to get out of here. But we know also that he said, "Watch the squeeze. Watch that uh that resistance. And then you'll really see the third pull. Why? Because they come against the manifestation of the word. And then God what? Judges that nation. Like we said, God's going to show who he is. What? When he lifts the bride up and say, "See, that was me." You see the spoken word into I know people this is me again I guess but you know the Bible says all of creation is what groaning for the manifestation of the sons of God. You won't have to have a manifestation when you're on the other side. Do you know every time you walk out here that cactus, that palm tree, that tree? Oh man, when Oh man, if he only knew who he was, they can see who you are. If they just knew who they was and we could get out of here and I wouldn't have to have these little stickly things on me and I wouldn't have to the leaves fall off and they know who we are. How come we don't know who we are? Right? There was a brother years ago, brother Mike. He was first came in. I think we need to get back to our first love as what brother Brandham talks about in the complaint of God. But he when he first came in and he was just all on fire. He said one day he was at the grocery store and he was standing in line to to to check out back when you used to have to do that and you could talk to somebody, not the computer. And he said he's looking he's looking here. He's looking at these people. He said in his mind, he thought, "I wonder if they know who they're standing by. A son of God." Amen. That is us. We're Do you believe you're a child of God? Amen. Son and daughters of God. That what you came from God. You're going back to God. Right. Where were you? You always was. Brother Bram said. And but that's another one. I mean, sorry. I just I love the church age book because brother Brandham says learn this one thing. Are not the thoughts of God real? He says this isn't like a blueprint that someday God's trying to put together and make this and make that. It's already done. It's not someday you going to be a son. You always were, son. And you what? You were in the beginning. Brother, I just love this message. Cuz brother Bram says you are eternal life. There is no other eternal life but right here. I know you think, man, I'm eternal life. And you know what? Tomorrow Satan's going to make you prove it. You said, man, that was so good message. Man, I'm a son of God. I'm gonna and he's gonna, you know, sometimes he thinks, man, if I just be quiet and maybe Satan won't come my way, right? I mean, it's like, where's he at? Let me see that guy. Where's Satan at? Like, things are going good right now. Don't do anything. Right. But you know, Satan reads us when I was young, way back in that other millennium. I used to like to box. That was my sport. And for some reason, I like to get hit. And I know it sounds that's probably why I'm as goofy as I am now, but I mean, when I was in got out of sixth grade, I was the biggest person in school. not in my class in school. I was bigger than the principal. I was bigger than all the teachers. So, I've always been pretty big. So, back then, we used to have a lot of uh uh professional boxing fighting in Anchorage and we actually had some uh back then way back in that millennium, you would know some of the names. Even got to meet a guy that became the heavyweight champion of the world. And so I was 15 years old, like I said, and I was pretty big. And so the only people I had to spar with were actual professionals that were adults and all of that. And they were just as big as I was because we were heavyweights. So we would spar all of that and and I'd go, "Man, we almost I was about to quit. This was just too tough." And they go, "Wow, you really said because we didn't know." Because the one thing about fighting spiritually too, the one thing about fighting, you would watch your opponent. You would watch their eyes. You would watch their expressions and you could see if somebody was hurt. But I learned how not to do that. You see, we need to do that in the spiritual because Satan watches you. He throws something your way and he watches you. Is it affecting them? Can I go more? Can I go harder? You see, you got to quit being so uh expressive. Every time something happen, oh man, it's just the worst thing in the world. You won't believe it. He's watching you, right? He's watching you. Just remember that. Just throwing that in at the end. Just remember, he's watching you. Don't show everything. Don't complain about everything. You don't even need to complain to God. Satan's listening. All right? So, don't you know when you get down, right? Let God tell you how to pray. And you know how you pray. It's not for yourself. Sorry. pray for the other person, you know, because you'll find out if you start praying for somebody else's problems and needs, you'll find out yours weren't that bad, right? You know, it's always amazed me because the Bible says that everybody in this whole world, believers and non-believers, go through the same things. Now, we are privileged because we have a peace that we can go to. We know who holds our life in their hands. But man, I see some of that stuff out there and I think I could never go through that. I could ne I you know, losing one of my kids is dying or somebody steal. I could not go through that, you know. So pray for somebody else and our stuff won't look that bad. Father, we just appreciate you, Lord. We thank you, Father. You're always so good to us, Lord. And Father, just this thought, what if could it be, Lord? Have we missed a few things, Father, just like them on the road to Emmas, not seeing what has been fulfilled already by the events that have happened in the world, just like they knew, Father, they knew that the uh that Jesus, he said, "Destroy this temple. I'll raise it up again in three days." And there they were. What? Lord, three days later, they're walking. Yet, they didn't recognize that scripture had been fulfilled when it was right before them. Lord, help us, Father, to search these things and see where we're at in the we would call it the timeline of the message or the timeline of what we think prophecy needs are being fulfilled to see where we're really at. Lord, is it us as we we know brother Brandham wasn't per se talking about the bride being in the way of Israel getting out of here, but because the bride is still here, you can't send those two prophets to Israel to recognize for their atonement, Lord. But if we are in the way, help us, Lord. Open our eyes to see, Father. Open our eyes, Lord, to recognize who we are and why we're here. Father, help us to recognize, Lord, we we have to go through these things in life. We're going to have trials. We're going to have tribulation, Lord, and we're going to have heartache and these things are always going to be there, Father, but it's for a purpose. And yet, there's a greater purpose why we're here, Lord. Father, we just love you. We appreciate you. and just praying for brother Aaron. And that they'd have just a good time of relaxation, Lord. And we know he said he's coming back tomorrow, Father, as they journey back that you would keep them safe, Lord. And that he'd just be renewed in spirit, Father, and renewed in body, Lord. We love you. We appreciate you. Just be with us now, Father. just pray you take these jumbled up words and just place them in the heart of each person. Lord, I always feel when I preach like brother Bram told that story of that boy that somebody he was down in the field praying and all he was doing was reciting his ABCs and they're like, "What are you doing?" And so I don't really know how to pray, but I figure God will be able to take the letters and form the words. And father, you said it was the foolishness of preaching. And they're your people, Lord. They're you know how to speak to them and to bring those things together. We just love you. We appreciate all that you do. Help us, Lord. And we ask it in Jesus name. Amen.
