################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-19 - Antifaith - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-19
Title:   Antifaith
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Eso5b-QJsMg
========================================

Description:
Antifaith
Wednesday Service: March 19, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
1 John chapter 3 verse 9 that I'm going to skip to chapter 5 and read verse 18. My title is anti-faith. And there's a lot in this thought, maybe even a lot that's meant to be conveyed by this title, but anti-faith. First John 3:9. Whosoever is born of God doth not commit sin, for his seed remainth in him, and he cannot sin because he is born of God. And then a similar uh statement in chapter 5:18. We know that whosoever is born of God sinnth not. Love just how matterof fact he states it. But he that is begotten of God keepeth himself and that wicked one toucheth him not. Amen. We are wanting the Lord to bless these things. Not just read them and say that we fulfilled or check the box of a text, but we want God to quicken these things to us. God bless you. You can take your seats as you look at this title anti-faith. There's a lot that I'm trying to convey even in the symbolism that we have here. The uh anti- we know means against or opposed to. So it's something that is against faith or opposed to faith, an enemy of faith. I've been looking at uh the subject of anarchy. And if you want to go down a rabbit hole and that is certainly one to investigate through the ages, even going back to the philosophers, uh there's a lot to investigate on it and even see how these things type and relate to our scriptural princ scriptural principles and things that we believe. But anarchy is against rulers, something that's against a rule of law. There was a modern phrase that came to be known as uh for the anarchist movement is no gods, no rulers. And there's a way that you could use anarchy in a positive sense. There was a lot of rich theology through the Middle Ages that God was the ultimate anarchist in that he has no one greater than him and no one above him. But my thought was those things that oppose order, those things that oppose uh God and that are against God. And I see Satan as being one who in the negative sense of anarchy was against God and trying to topple God. And we saw that um as we went through it very deliberately on Sunday on the original sin. But if you'll take John 16:es 8 and 9, I'd like to pick back up on the thought that sin is unbelief. And but our title tonight is anti-faith. It says, "And when he has come, the spirit of truth, he will reprove the world of sin and of righteousness and of judgment." These things, three different things that he will reprove the world of. And it says he will reprove the world of sin because the world did not believe on me. Now we know that there's a lot of different uh attributes of sins. We might say characteristics of sins, fruits of sin. Brother Brandham taught that sin is unbelief and that smoking and drinking and these other things are an attribute of unbelief. And I believe it's very simple to look at it that way that uh if one was to say that the word of God says that this is so and someone doesn't believe it then they're likely to act contrary to it. And so unbelief here Jesus calls unbelief sin. And he says they reprove the world of sin because they believe not in me. So sin is unbelief. Unbelief could be described as disbelief. could be uh defined as a lack of trust or a lack of confidence in God. So very simply, if we look at faith, which we're going to do tonight, sin is anti-faith. And I was appreciated just even some fellowship I was able to have within my own family and some of the feedback on the service on Sunday and just how much of an impact it had. It seemed like it was uh received with quite quite an impact on just how simple it is to see how Satan seduces us away from faith and trust in God. Sin is anti-faith. So if we think of sin as smoking and drinking and fornication and pornography, indulging and those things, then it puts us in a particular arena where we view ourselves, we view the sin, and it's a wrestle in those things when really what Satan's trying to get to get you to do is not believe in God. And so sin is anti-faith. And you really cannot examine sin as we're wanting to and did last service just to substantiate this truth that sin is unbelief. You really can't examine sin without looking into faith or looking at faith. Hebrews 11:6, you can almost quote it without turning to it. But without faith, it is impossible to please him. For he that cometh to God must believe that he is and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. It's not just merely uh some sense that he's real. Not even a belief in his existence, but in a belief in his character. Because it says believe that he is and that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. It says but without faith. That faith there in the Greek is conviction of truth. And it has with it the primary idea of trust or confidence. And so there is without trust or confidence it's impossible to please God. For he that cometh to God must believe. That means to commit to or put their trust in God. These are the elements that are at the fabric of uh of our relationship to God. It's a fabric of Christianity that we have faith which is a conviction of truth and there's this trust and confidence wherein we commit ourselves to God we put our trust in God. So let me read it this way. Instead of saying without faith it is impossible to please God. With sin it is impossible to be accepted by God. With sin it is impossible to please God. And that's the way that we could read this is not just well I must have faith to please him, but as long as there is sin, I cannot be fully accepted by him. Come on, you're going to have to do better with your amens tonight. Only if you agree. You guys all have your minds on your brackets. Have you finished your brackets? Have you gambled and waged a paycheck on these office pools for the tournament? It's called madness for a reason. The eyides of March are upon you. Wake up. With sin, it is impossible to please God. When we looked at the original sin on Sunday, we saw that at its inception, it was the work of painting a picture of God that was inongruent with his character. It was repainting God, a portrait of God in a way that would erode the woman's trust. Oh, hasn't God, just Elohim, this great one, this distant one said, and then cause the woman to lose trust. And we see that what Satan's goal is to seduce us away from God. It's not showing us something pleasing, as sin is always a mirage. And sin always promised itself as gain, but it's always lost. And so, it's something that's enticing us, but it's not to have us actually partake of what was enticing us. It's only a bait to draw us away from God. Amen. So, Satan's agenda is to always, this is my simple thought, this is my thesis. Satan, Satan is always wanting to weaken your faith in God. He wants to erode your belief in God. He wants to destroy your trust in God. He is after your faith in God. It's the it's the primary subject in the Bible. It is it is that which pleases God. It it's the thing that we all must have. in Mark chapter 4 11 and 12. Just using a number of scriptures tonight that I believe you'll find extremely familiar. I'm wanting to show you how that sin is anti-faith. So the antidote to sin is faith. If I could if you can get the people to believe, brother Brandon was told, nothing will stand anyway. Not even cancer. So that's the ultimate. So, if we could encourage your faith, if we could feed your faith, if we could put faith in perspective to where you just wake up and realize, no, I just want to believe God's word. I just want to take God at his word, it will liberate you. And so, when he was speaking in parables, he's asked the question, why why do you use these parables? And he says, and he said unto them, unto you it is given to know the mystery of the kingdom of God. So, it's kind of revelation or disclosure of these deep truths. But unto them that are without, all these things are done in parables. That seeing they may see and not perceive. So they can see and hear, he'll say, hear, but there's no revelation or depth of understanding as to what they're seeing and what they're hearing. Seeing they may see and not perceive, and hearing they may hear and not understand. What does the perceiving and understanding accomplish? You got to catch how the principle he's building off of. lest at any time they should be converted and their sin should be forgiven them. This revelation and understanding conquers sin. And that if they were able to have faith in the word of God, believe it and accept it, faith and understanding would overcome disbelief and therein would lie their conversion, their change, and their sins would be forgiven them. So the inability to perceive and to understand would keep someone from having their sins forgiven and them their souls converted or their experience converted. Take these uh principles as little building blocks so they could paint a picture for you this evening in Romans chapter 6 17 and 18. But God be thanked that ye were the servants of sin. So you were in bondage under the taskmaster of sin. You were under the bondage of sin. But ye have obeyed from the heart. This is belief from the heart. This is conviction from the heart. You have obeyed from the heart. That form of doctrine which was delivered you. So there's a doctrine, a teaching. The word has come. You've obeyed from the heart. True faith in something results in action. So it's a speaking of faith. Being then made free from sin. You became the servants of righteousness. Freedom from sin is only through believing. Freedom from sin is not you grabbing some sword and or or gnawing at your arm until your arm falls off and the chains with it. No, that's not how you do it. I remember a Baptist preacher when I went to a private school doing a Wednesday uh uh chapel service and he was uh it's actually the older brother of a a guy at the high school and and was a football player and he was preaching and he talked about fighting the devil and punching the devil till his hands fell off and then nubbing him until his arms fell off and kicking him till his feet fell off and his legs fell off and chew him to death till his teeth fell out and then gum him to death. And boy, that was kind of exciting in that in those old cold uh chapel services we had and everybody was all all excited, but you know, you you couldn't even gum the devil to death. All it takes to overcome sin is faith. You were in bondage to sin. And what liberated you from sin was that you believed and being made free from sin. Now, it's not just merely you've believed in anything. We'll see later just what this is tied to. But made free from sin having obeyed from the heart. Only through faith can you be made free from sin. John 5 24. Verily, verily I say unto you, he that heareth my word and believeth. So there's those that see but do not perceive. There's those that hear but do not understand. So here it's not just the sound waves, but he that heareth my word, just like except you be born again, you cannot see or understand the kingdom of God. He that heareth my word and believeth on him that sent me hath possesses everlasting life and shall not come into condemnation, judgment, damnation, but is passed from death unto life. So if you hear the word and believe, then you'll come into life because unbelief is overthrown. When you believe, unbelief has been uh overcome. It's been overthrown. The price has been paid and through your belief in the word that you heard and your belief in the sacrifice it it enols the sin it overcomes the unbelief and therefore you pass from death into life. Romans 5:1, therefore being justified by faith, that's that conviction, that trust, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ. That means and as Paul teaches further, the wrath of God has been satisfied through the sacrifice of Jesus Christ and the shedding of blood. There has been a price paid for your sins. Therefore, by faith in that blood, the pace of God is upon us because we're not subject to judgment. Amen. Mark chapter 16 15 and 16. And he said unto them, this is the great commission. Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. There's the obedience from the heart. If you believe and the word teaches you to repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, then you are believing and will be baptized. And notice it says, "But he that believeth not shall be damned." The reason why it doesn't mention baptism is because if you don't believe, it doesn't matter how wet you get. It's the faith. It's the belief that matters the most. He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. But he that believeth not, baptism or not, shall be damned. Now, think of this. Despite the fact, and I realize there's maybe the order of this may be uh uh my maybe my order is not very efficient tonight, but we're going to get to it in Romans chapter 3. But despite the fact that the blood has been shed, the price has been paid. There's been a sacrifice because of unbelief, they're still guilty. So, we know that there's been a sacrifice. There's been a shedding of blood. But he that believeth not shall be damned. But there's a sacrifice. There's blood. But if you don't believe, it can't cover you. This is why only believe is so important. Christ sacrifice is appropriated to us for the remission of sins only by faith. It's not by osmosis. It's not by a parent's prayer. It is by faith that Christ's sacrifice is then placed over us so that we're identified with his shedding of blood. By faith alone in Romans chapter 3 23 to 26. For all have sinned and come short of the glory of God, being justified freely by his grace, the redemption that is in Christ Jesus, whom God hath set forth to be a propitiation, the mercy seat through faith in his blood. It has to be through faith in his blood. There has to be believing to declare his righteousness for the remission of sins that are passed through the forbearance of God. to declare, I say at this time his righteousness, that he might be just and the justifier of him which believeth in Jesus. But blood paid the price. But without faith, there is no remission. There's no redemption without belief. Now, we know there's no redemption and no remission without the sacrifice. Could not have it. You could not just believe in God and get to God and get redemption except through the sacrifice. So the blood has paid the price. There's no redemption without the price. But now you need faith because without faith, the stain of unbelief still rests upon the soul. And it means you're still subject to judgment. You're still deemed in the presence of God as a sinner. You could be, I guess you could say, you're guilty of unbelief if you don't have faith. Amen. Acts 10:43. To him give all the prophets witness, speaking of Jesus Christ, that through his name whosoever believeth in him shall receive remission of sins. If you take some time to run it through your concordance or just do a search on your apps on your phone or your laptop, your iPad, whatever it is you use, your Blackberry, you'll find that I am not using even probably a tenth of the scriptures that substantiate how that it's faith in Jesus Christ that avails to us salvation and how important faith is and belief in this end time. And here again it's through his name and by whoever believes in him will have their sins remitted. Paul describes it this way to the Galatians in Galatians chapter 3 22 to 24. But the scripture hath concluded all under sin. That's every single one of us. That the promise by faith of Jesus Christ might be given to them that believe. Does it sound like I've just asked AI to keep repeating the same thing over and over again and just say it differently each time? Well, the answer is no because you guys are all familiar that these are well written scriptures, well understood, but it keeps saying the same thing over and over again. There's a reason for this repetition. You know, you'll find there's absolutes in the Bible that we know just by just a couple scriptures, some that maybe even one scripture, but yet we know it is the absolute. It is the word of God because it is God's God breathed. It is in the Bible. But then there are some things that are repeated over and over again that unless you have this foundation, those singular scriptures that hold great truths to us and hold unlimited power cannot be effectively used unless it stands upon the foundation of those things that have been repeated over and over again such as faith in Jesus Christ. Brother Brandham talked about, you know, challenge. Why don't you teach them more spiritual things and and give them greater tools and greater gifts? And he says, "How can I teach them algebra if they don't know their ABCs?" Arizona Believers Church, right there. Right there in the message. Get spiritual. Wake up. Always believe Christ. That's the That's the fundamentals. Those are the That's the basis. And you know, I'll say this. I don't know if this is just personal all of a sudden me just saying it, but I'm not afraid to be criticized for saying only believe. I'm not afraid to be criticized by for saying the word only or just take God at his word and believe. And there might be a lot of people say, "Well, that's just real shallow or that's real this." I know where I stand. I know exactly where I'm standing. I know what this message has opened up. I know the power of God that is that's behind it. I know the devils that we're all facing. And I don't want to trick you into getting all hooped up and excited running out there think you're going to beat devils and not have any faith. And so this is where we're standing. We're standing on something that's sure a sure foundation. It's Jesus Christ revealed to us. The revelation of Jesus Christ faith of God uh faith in the word of God restored in this hour. Says all are under sin that the promise by faith of g of Jesus Christ might be given to them that believe. But before faith came, we were kept under the law, shut up unto the faith, which should afterwards be revealed. So the law was there as a taskmaster, as the one that would govern them. That was the ruler. That was the law to keep them in their place before this faith came. But when this faith was revealed to the Jews, it says, "Wherefore the law was our school master to bring us unto Christ once Christ comes that we might be justified by faith." Faith there is again that's that conviction, that confidence, that belief. It is that which is the opposite of doubt. It's the opposite of skepticism in unbelief. You couldn't just be skeptical and say, "Well, I'll say the saying just in case this Messiah character is actually the Messiah or I'll try to get around it. I I'll see if I can use his power." No, it had to be through belief and trust in Jesus Christ. In acts chapter 13:es 38 and 39 be it known unto you therefore men and brethren that through this man that's Jesus Christ is pre or through this man is preached unto you the forgiveness of sins and by all by him all that believe are justified from all things from which you could not be justified by the law of Moses. The law of Moses had its place. It was a school master. It was a teacher to bring you to Christ. And now through faith in Jesus Christ, you can be justified. Only through Christ is there forgiveness of sins. That by him all that believe are justified from all things. This is not something you could get in religion, not something you can get in Judaism. It's not something you could get at the temple or through the sacrifices of the Old Testament. It's by faith in Jesus Christ alone. No groundbreaking revelations tonight so far. John chapter 3 17 to 21. For God sent not his son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world through him might be saved. He that believeth on him is not condemned. It it's it's just one of these ratios or these sure things. If you don't believe, there's condemnation. Where there is unbelief, there's sin. Where there's sin, there's condemnation. And where there and this is just a condemnation even of ourselves, but we know there's a judgment that's ultimately inferred to here. He that believeth on him is not condemned. But he that believeth not is condemned already. Why? Why is he condemned? Because he hath not believed in the name of the only begotten son of God. That's it. Nothing else. The lack of faith. And this is the condemnation that light is coming to the world. And men love darkness rather than the light because their deeds were evil. What are these deeds born from? Unbelief. All the deeds of unbelief uh we would call sin. and it's rightly so to call them sin. But these are things that we could say are attributes of this fact that they do not believe. For everyone that doeth evil hateth the light, neither cometh to the light, lest his deeds should be reproved. But he that notice this unique phrase, doeth truth, cometh to the light, that his deeds may be made manifest, that they were wrought in God, should be no fear of the believer to be examined by the Son's light. should be no uh fear in the believer's heart to be examined, to be judged. But he that doeth truth, you have those that hate the light. They do not come to the light because their deeds are evil and therefore they're condemned because they believe not. But he that doeth truth, there's some action to that. John 6:es 28 and 29. Then said they unto him, "What shall we do that we might work the works of God?" And Jesus answered and said to them, "This is the work of God that ye believe on him whom he hath sent." Doing truth begins with belief in truth. I wasn't sure if I wrote that down. Isn't that good? You like that? Doing truth begins with believing truth does not work in reverse. You don't you don't you can't do truth to work your way into faith. All that happens when you do uh when you try to do good or do righteousness or do truth without believing in truth. It's an impersonation. This is where a lot of people make their mistake. And not that they're unbelievers or they're not elect or they're serpent seed or all the harsh criticisms maybe one would allege, but they're just getting things out of order. It's belief in the truth and then doing truth starts with believing in truth. You want to work the works of God. He says the work of God is this, that ye believe. That's it. God's desire is that you would believe in him. So much power that's loosed to the believer by believing. And so where we do not believe in God, that's where we can try to do truth, do righteousness, and it's of our own accord. Now, that's a lot of foundation to get to where we were in 1 John chapter 3 and work our way to 1 John chapter 5. In 1 John chapter 3:1, let's just start here and walk through this if we could together. Behold, what manner of love the Father hath bestowed upon us, that we should be called the sons of God. Therefore, the world knoweth us not, because it knew him not. Beloved, now are we the sons of God, and it does not yet appear what we shall be, but we know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is. And every man that hath this hope in him purifith himself, even as he is pure. Now, we've covered this uh in some detail as of late. Whosoever committh sin transgresseth also the law, for sin is the transgression of the law. Sin is disobedient. Sin is transgression. It is error. We can say sin is unbelief and it's through that unbelief that one would act or do evil. That's the pattern in the beginning. Uh the woman was not fully believing in the promise of God and then made the mistake. There was some credibility issues painted by Satan. There was a there was distance that was established between the woman and God and it gave her enough room to work. Doubt gave her the wiggle room to act. And so in acting she transgressed by unbelief. And ye know that he Jesus Christ was manifested to take away our sins and in him is no sin. Jesus Christ is the only one that was called the holy one. When it was told of Mary the one that she was going to conceive would be the holy one, the sinless one. Why? Because he was not conceived in sin. Iniquity did not shape his members. He was born apart from the fruit of the original sin. He was not conceived by the in the in the image and the similitude of the original sin. Therefore, in him he was free. What was that freedom? That freedom to not by nature sin. We mentioned that on Sunday. I feel like maybe I didn't go into that in more detail that the liberty to the man and the woman had had with it was freedom to not sin by nature. But we are not born with that kind of liberty. We are born with the motions of sin already in us. And we don't have that liberty. We are sinful creatures being driven to sin all the more. And that's why you need the change of nature so that you can operate into this liberty. In him is no sin. Therefore, verse six, whosoever abideth in him sinnth not. We read last time it said, "Whosoever sayith he doesn't sin is a liar." And now this is there's an order to this. Notice just how uh he's not shying away from this to in whom whosoever abides in Christ does not sin. Whosoever sinnth hath not seen him neither know him known him. Notice this key to not sinning is seeing him, knowing him, perceiving, hearing, understanding. And it resolves sin. That he that says he has no sin is a liar. says he has not need of a revelation, has not need of this Christ, has not need of this one that was manifested to take away sin. He's a liar and the truth is not in him. But to him to whom the truth is in that abides in Christ, sin has been taken away from him because he has seen him and heard him and knows him. So it says, "Little children, let no man deceive you. He that doeth righteousness is righteous, even as he is righteous. He that committh sin is of the devil, for the devil sinnth from the beginning." We could take this all the way back to the war in heaven where sin and iniquity was found in Lucifer. Lucifer created by God. In him did this evil arise. This doubt, the suspicion, this war that was w uh uh waged in heaven. He sinned from the beginning. He that commits sin is of the devil's will. For this purpose the son of God was manifested that he might destroy the works of the devil. Notice these two different things. This is the work of God that you believe on him whom he hath sent. What are the works of the devil? Anything that results from you not believing in God. Because the works of the devil were in the beginning to lie, to cause suspicion, to repaint God, all those things that I'd like you to go back and think about in the original sin there in the beginning. And Jesus Christ was manifested in order to destroy the works of the devil. The destruction of the works of the devil comes through the revelation of Jesus Christ which instills in you belief in faith in conviction in God. So he visits it again. Whosoever is born of God doth not commit sin for his seed which is from God remainth in him and he cannot sin because he is born of God. And then this beautiful uh phrase which is very holds a lot of depth to it but kind of summarizes this in this. The children of God are manifest and the children of the devil. The children of God who do the work of God by believing and then the children of the devil who do the works of the devil through unbelief. Whosoever do not doeth not righteousness is not of God neither he that loveth not his brother. And then it gets real right there. Now what we could say to amplify this, there's a lot of things that uh run through my heart to share because it's very plain. Whosoever abideth in Christ does not sin, but he that commits sin is of the devil. So whosoever is born of God does not commit sin. Bible says he cannot sin. Now the only way that you are able to sin or the only way that we do sin is by rejecting the word of God. Go back to the beginning. the woman by rejecting the word or casting aside the word of God, getting rid of the word, forsaking his presence, rebuffing the word. That's the only way that you could even act to do something sinful. And here, one who has received the truth, it's saying that a child of God cannot sin. And I know that that leads that puts us in a quandry. Okay? So, none of that sin. this is the best Wednesday night service I've ever been at. How come I didn't hear that sooner? Or we're like, "Oh my goodness, I'm not I'm not one of his. I'm not a child of God because if I was a child of God, I wouldn't do those things." Kind of puts us in that light. But if you could think of it only initially as this, that sin is unbelief. That a true child of God cannot sin. In other words, you are at your core who you are incapable of unbelief. because you have been born again, it's impossible that unbelief would be laid to your charge. That you cannot sin because there's been something finalized already for you. In Hebrews chap 10:es 1 to2 it says, "For the law having a shadow of good things to come and not the very image of the things could never with those sacrifices which they offered yearby year continually make the comers there unto perfect. These were a shadow of Christ who was to come. That would be the perfect sacrifice. And through that perfect sacrifice, you could be made whole, rendered whole, made perfect. Verse two uh kind of gives us something to uh invert and find. For then would they not have ceased to be offered because that the worshippers once purged should have had no more conscience of sins. When you have by faith accepted Jesus Christ and have been regenerated by the baptism of the Holy Ghost, the sin question is settled. There's no longer a question mark on you. It's been settled in the eyes of God. There is not uh you're not subject to penalty. You're not subject to the second death. You're not even subject to come up in a resurrection in the general resurrection to stand before white throne. The sin question has been settled. Amen. And if that is true, you cannot be a sinner upon whom the wrath of God is destined to fall on and the saint who has inherited eternal life at the same time. Are you following me? If you are a child of God, you cannot be a sinner and a saint at the same time. There it is impossible. You are by faith in Jesus Christ. And I'm not just I'm not trying to teach a theology that says, "Well, when you believe, you've got it." No, there has to be the experience of the baptism of the Holy Ghost as a seal of your faith. And now the wor worshipper is purged. The blood cleanses the soul of sin. It purges you permanently. So that there is this no longer this this mind or consciousness or obedience to sin in your soul. You may look like a sinner to the world, but if you're in Christ, he views you as sinless and incapable of sin. Says you cannot commit sin. Hebrews chap 10 12 to18. If you if you remark that if you make note that I'm not reading quotes, uh you'll find that I'm using every scripture I could find where brother Bradom addresses this scripture, substantiates it, answers it in question answers to the 50s and 60s. He's even asked the question, can a Christian sin? And his answer is no. And we could either say yes or we could say there's there's a deep truth that if I can catch a greater revelation of it, I believe I'll fall more in love with God. I believe it'll free me from these kind of church systems and man-made systems and condemnation and the ways that we demoralize oursel. As we said before, there's an image of sin that if we accept it can cause a lot of false pride. But there's also an image of sin that if we accept it can constantly defeat us and bring us down. And the true trajectory of one who accepts the truth of Christ and understands what sin is, it's not that they never make a mistake, but when they do, they can repent of it. Amen. They'll say they're sorry. You saw a license plate on the way to church today and the license plate simply read sorry. So I rolled down my window with the light, got them to roll down their window. I said apology accepted and kept going. And there's there's a repentance that we have in our hearts and we say we're sorry. So it's not it does not stand for the proposition that you never make mistakes, but your mistakes are not born from an unbelieving soul. It's not born from an unregenerated heart. If anything, it's born from muscle memory in your natural spirit. Something that the devil can manipulate. So, Hebrews chap 10 12 and 18. Brother Brandham identifies Hebrews 10. Hebrews uh verses 1-2. Hebrews 12:18. But this man, after he had offered one sacrifice for sins forever, sat down on the right hand of God from henceforth expecting till his enemies be made his foottool. For by one offering he hath perfected forever them that are sanctified. We're not running on a parallel track to Judas who could believe, be justified, and sanctified, but never come to the baptism of the Holy Ghost. He was only believing unto. He could potentially come to it, but having not truly believed. He that he has justified, he has already glorified. So true justification is connected permanently and without fail to glorification. And now the Bible's teaching us that true sanctification is connected with perfection. So he who has truly believed, justified by faith, has the promise of glorification. He that truly is sanctified by truth is connected with perfection. Amen. Forever. Amen. And if that seems to be a difficult proposition for you to handle, the scripture says, "Whereof the Holy Ghost also is a witness to us. For after that he had said before, this is the covenant that I will make with them after those days, sayeth the Lord. I will put my laws into their hearts, and in their minds will I write them, and their sins and iniquities will I remember no more." God does not remember your sin. it it's taken care of for by one offering he's perfected forever them that are sanctified. I can remember as a very very young Christian feeling that I needed a sermon that would just rip my height off. I was here in uh in Arizona maybe in 96 97 or so just visiting family and I found the tape perfection. I was like, "This will be the one that'll really scour me out." And it's in there that Brother Bram's reading from this and he says, "He hath perfected." He spells it ped forever. Forever them that are sanctified. Brother Bram's just almost in tears. And this saying, "Think about it." And he says, "Until the next time you make a mistake, to next time you tell a lie to to the next time you're on the outs with your neighbor." He says, "No, forever." Amen. And then he says, "He that hath this hope, he brings it to first on. He purifies himself even as he is pure." The true revelation of justification, the true revelation of sanctification only drives us further to achieve our glorification and our perfection. It's through the misunderstanding of those things that we justify. Backbiting, lying, stealing, cheating, fornication, you name it. And their sins and their iniquities will I remember no more. Now where remission of these is, there is no more offering for sin. You cannot sin. The the offering has been accepted. The price has been paid. Unbelief can never be attributed to you again. Amen. First John 5:es 1:5. Whosoever believeth that Jesus Christ, Jesus is the Christ, is born of God. and everyone that loveth him that begat loveth him also that is begotten of him. By this we know that we love the children of God when we love God and keep his commandments. For this is the love of God that we keep his commandments and his commandments are not grievious. For whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world. There you go. If you are born of God, you overcome the world. Greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. And he has already overcome the world. Recognize the devil and his seductive uh tricks and the way that he tries to trip us up. And once we recognize that he uses the art of seduction, we also recognize that Jesus Christ has already overcome it. And by through faith in him, we are more than a match to the devil. And then it says, "And this is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith." Faith is the victory. Amen. Then he asks the question that to me really get leads us to this answer. Who is he that overcometh the world? But he that believeth that Jesus is the son of God. Where is your secret? Where is the clue? Where's the where's the uh the power that mystery to overcome in the world? Believe it in Jesus Christ. How can I overcome the world? Believe in Jesus Christ. If there's anything that you're wrestling with, anything that you're struggling with, anything that seems seems to be holding you back, the real secret is to feed your faith in Jesus Christ. We don't need a seance. We don't need to rub our hands the right way. We don't need to change our parking spots. What we need to do is we need to dig down deep in the word of God to feed our faith because because faith is the victory. Who is it that overcomes the world? The one that believes in Jesus Christ. This isn't easy belieism. This is the truth. I'll I'll say it this way. The devil is the one that wants to make believing easy and turned it into easy belieism. The devil's also the one that points at your faith and says it's easy belieism. Isn't that something? The devil's the one that created easy belieism so that he could have a scarlet letter to put on people who take God at his word. can have a scarlet letter to put on people who say from now on it's the word and the word only. He could have a bad name to put on believers, a bad stain to put on the message that lifted up only believe. Don't fall for his tricks. It's amazing how they they they build that straw man just to burn him down. But that's not us. Take your stand in the word of God. If if if if you're challenged in your life to whether or not you're a Christian, whether or not you're a believer, you go by your faith in Christ. Go by go by faith. Go by what you believe. If the devil says, "Well, how high do you jump?" Say, "Well, this isn't a bride combine." We're not You don't need metrics on how fast I can run and what my vertical is and how much I can bench press and deadlift. Jesus Christ already did the combine for me. He He's the one that did it all. He's the one that paid the price. I'm I'm I'm with him. 1 John 5 17 to 21. All unrighteousness is sin, and there is a sin not unto death. I know that we visited this last service. We know that whosoever is born of God sinnth not. But he that is begotten of God keepeth himself, and that wicked one toucheth him not. That means you never get sick, right? Never have a moment where you doubt, don't get jealous, you never lose your temper, right? Never gotten angry, right, brother Joshua? Right? I mean, hey, you should see us. We hang out with just even kill, right? Never told a lie. Never made Never said we would be there at 10:30 and showed up late, right? Never forgot an appointment, paid every bill on time. Think of this way that you can begin to paint the picture. When he says that wicked one toucheth not, he has no access to your soul. He has no access to stain your reputation. He before God, you're sealed. The devil can't get there. You've been begotten of God and the wicked one cannot stain you with unbelief. I believe that it is an absolute sure experience that when one is born again, they can't be unborn again. They can't be lost. You cannot be saved and lost in the same state. But yet there is a body that's subject to sin. There is a body that's subject to sickness. What is it? Those are the things that would take place in the spirit. Things that would take place place in our flesh. We can grieve the Holy Spirit is one way we can look at it. In Ephesians 4:30, it says, "And we know that we are of God and the whole world lith in wickedness. And we know that the son of God has come and hath given us an understanding that we may know him that is true and we are in him that is true, even in his son Jesus Christ. This is the true God and eternal life." Little children, keep yourselves from idols. What a commandment to those who are unable to sin. The only sin would be subjecting yourself to that which is powerless. The sin would be to cast aside your protection of the word of God. Whosoever is born of God sinnth not. The devil cannot touch him. So it's only the members that we would yield again to the uh to sin the things that we would yield and forfeit our liberty to. So he says keep yourselves from idols. Romans chapter 4:es 1 to8. And from here we just have a couple more scriptures. I think one of the uh I think we should examine this. One of these tropes that's always dragged out there is the habit of a preacher saying in closing and they went, you know, and there's a but is is is there a list of guys that are always violating that principle or is it something that still happens? I don't know. I don't think I do that. I joke about it, but I tell you I'm going all night, baby. Right? I'm just I get I put you under the impression that this is going to be a long one and then all of a sudden stop, right? It's better to stop and keep the people wanting more than to, you know, kind of keep going and going and going and wishing they hadn't stayed. But I only have a few more scriptures. I'll leave it up to you how long it takes. In Romans chapter 4:es 1 to8, what shall we say then that Abraham our father as pertaining to the flesh hath found? For if Abraham were justified by works, he he hath whereof to glory, but not before God. For what saith the scripture? Abraham believed God and it was counted unto him for righteousness. So God attributes righteousness to Abraham because of his faith. What's the inversion? Unrighteousness because of anti-faith. Unrighteousness because of unbelief. So when the Bible says you cannot sin, it's not attributed to you. It's not reckoned to you. Now to him that workketh is the reward, not reckoned of grace, but of debt. But to him that workketh not, but believeth on him that justifith the ungodly, his faith is counted for righteousness. If your faith is counted for righteousness or correctness, it means because of faith, sin is not reckoned unto you. It's not counted unto you. Therefore, you're sinless. You cannot sin. there's no sin being attributed to you. And now he quotes Psalms 32, but he says, "Even as David also describeth the blessedness of the man unto whom God imputth righteousness without works, saying, blessed are they whose iniquities are forgiven and whose sins are covered." Covered. Now, it's not to imply that they're buried or put in the closet like some skeletons and someone can dig them up. They're taken care of. They're remedied. They're gone in the sea of God's forgetfulness. He will not remember them. I still remember the first time I ever heard brother Doug Mchuse tell the story of a young lady who was wrestling with her past a and was trying to tell brother Doug the sins that she had sinned. And he said, "Sister, I tell you right now that if you told God everything that you're talking about," he'd look in the eye and say, "I don't know what you're talking about." They're covered. So he says, "Blessed is the man to whom the Lord will not impute sin. Sin is gone." You're not a sinner. This is how a Christian cannot sin. This is how a believer cannot sin. Not that you won't make mistakes, but where there's faith, it's that it is against unbelief. It is against sin. Quotes from Psalm 32. If you could just read this, brothers, if you could come to your instruments. Psalms 32:es 1 and two. Blessed is he whose transgression is forgiven and whose sin is covered. Blessed is the man unto whom the Lord imputeth not iniquity. It says in whose spirit there is no guile. This lack of guile in one spirit is you don't have some false estimation about yourself. It's not your own works. It's not your own righteousness. But there's this not this false estimate about yourself nor God. in whom there's no guile. It means you're sincere before God. There's a sincere trust in God. And because you have been honest about yourself and accepted the penalty or accepted the the price paid for your penalty and whose spirit there is no guile. Your sins are forgiven, covered, and sin cannot be imputed to you. In terms of this no false estimation about yourself, I read a statement by CS Lewis recently where he said he said those who do not think of their own sins make up for it by incessantly thinking about the sins of others. We all know who we're talking about, right? That you know that one person we can just think about ourselves. Sometimes the reason why we think incessantly about others mistakes and what they're doing is because we don't want to think about our own one in whom there is no guile. I can say with confidence that if you are of the truth, you're not afraid to come to truth and be examined by that light so that anything that is not right can be made right. [Music] Romans chapter 14:es 22 and 23 he asked now is this is the context of eating uh meats and meats being offensive. So there's a lot of uh very important context to this but yet there's something that he's using a principle that I think we could take uh in itself. Do you have faith? Have it to thyself before God. Have keep that faith between you and the Lord. Don't use your faith as a means of condemning somebody else. If you have faith, that faith, that conviction, that confidence is between you and God. Happy is he that condemnth not himself in that thing which he alloweth. In other words, a person who's free from doubting or a doubting conscience is truly happy. The one that has the conscience that's always doubting, he's the one that's not happy. But happy is the one who's not condemned in the thing that he does because he's always doubting whether it's right. And he that doubtth is damned if he eat, because he eateth not of faith. Truly, this scripture is speaking that you're damned if you do, and you're damned if you don't, if it's not by faith. He that eats not of faith condemns himself. He that does not eat and it's not faith between him and God condemns himself. Because it says, for whatsoever is not of faith is sin. Now this principle is we could say this as a statement on its own. Whatsoever is not of faith is sin. In this context he's saying that unbelief or doubt is what condemns our conscience. And it's in that powerful context as it relates to abstaining from something or and that uh this not not indulging in something or complying or indulging. Neither one of them are he said are wrong to eat. That's not wrong. To not eat that's not wrong. What would be wrong is to act in a way that condemns your conscience. And he uses this principle and and again maybe I'm just kind of pointing to something that merits a lot more discussion or consideration on our part. It really does relate to us as believers and how that we're to live our lives conscious of others and where they are in their walk with God. That is in abstaining from something nor complying with something being wrong. But that that unbelief in itself is anti-faith. Sin is against faith. Whatsoever is unbelief is sin. Whatsoever is anti-faith is sin. Where's the victory? Believing. Why do we go? Why do we get cold? We're not feeding our faith. Why do we find ourselves wrestling in certain situations? we're not trusting. It's okay to have questions. It's just when those questions become uh we use to cast suspicion on God. It's okay when we go through situations that we're not quite sure why and what the outcome is going to be. That those things are going to happen to us. We're even going to make mistakes. We're going to get cold. People will backslide. But ultimately, the sin is in not trusting God. The sin is allowing that to uh bury your faith and tell you that there's nothing to it and to allow an idol of your own imagination to worship that to lift up yourself. Unbelief is anti-faith. And I express this to you tonight. It's in its brevity, its simplicity with a number of scriptures in this thought that Satan is attack wants to attack faith and his works. He's got a number of different works that he's going to use in order to try to erode that faith. God only has one way to build up your faith. One the the that it's through the word of God. That's a multifaceted tool, but it's the word. You hear the word, you receive the word. The word uh empowers you. It strengthens you. It builds you up. Faith cometh by hearing, hearing by the word of God. That's what God wants to do to build your faith in this hour. To overcome everything, to be healed, to to to find answers to life's questions, to get leadership, to uh measure a situation and find out whether or not it's the right thing to do, to even be able to handle the family dynamics. It's all through faith in the word of God that we want to live by. So then Satan's entire agenda, his entire system is to try to attack that dynamic, to try to fight against that so that we can have our own ideas of what we think the word of God is or have our own ideas of what we think God is. To try to build up a Christ that we can worship, but yet have that in a way to try to quiet that condemnation we feel in our [Music] hearts. And if God will allow allow us to maybe on Sunday I I really do want to take some time to look at how Satan has tried to remake faith into something that it's not. And it really is a matter of taking God at his word. Amen. Let's stand like what are you playing? Are you in seat? I think that'll be a nice way to sing. He has forgiven me. It's it's a truth. I was thinking in terms of uh the question we asked on Sunday, what is sin? And and in one sense that you could ask God, what is sin? And he would say, what's sin? Because to him, it's gone. And that's what I want in my life. The believer's victory is found in in believing God. And really one thing I I believe very strongly that our what's one of the things that's connected to the change of our bodies is this continual unfolding of the revelation of justification that the only reason why there's death to this physical body is because of sin. And when we fully understand that you never did it in the first place that you're justified and there's this innocence you realize that even death has no right to you. A lot of power, a lot of deliverance, a lot of victory in that. if we could pray together. Our gracious heavenly father, tonight as we close this service and Lord, just even in the lateness of the hour, my own weariness and things, we may not lead worship for much longer, but Lord, we are thankful that we've had this opportunity to be in your presence. Lord, I I'm grateful for a congregation that listens to the word. They're very welcoming in their spirits. They give me They're very patient, Lord, with my delivery. patient with the way that I am very maybe deliberate and much breath place these scriptures in there. Lord, I I love how they're they're not just catering to the preacher to try to make them feel good with a bunch of shouting and amens. They're processing it. They're thinking about it. They want to catch it. And I believe it's because they did not come to church tonight so that they could get some good out of a Wednesday night and have something to fill their schedule. I believe those who are here tonight are concerned greatly about their personal lives that their families, their wayward loved ones, their future. Lord, they're they're concerned about the atmosphere in their home on a Thursday. That we're not here just to play church. We're not just keeping things together until we have our special meetings and we can hoot and holler and run around for a few days. Lord, they're serious about this. And Lord, I believe the simplicity of the message of the hour is faith and a Christ who's revealed himself again to us. He's being made known through the word of God. He's being made known through by revelation of scripture. And Lord, if there's a way that we could even summarize the message of the hour, I believe it was pointing to Christ. Lord, we can make a lot out of it. There's a lot of ways that we could describe that fingerpointing. There's a lot of ways that we can type it. There's a lot of ways we could emphasize it. But I truly believe in the end it was you getting our attention to take you at your word, to trust you. There's so many voices and so many definitions of Jesus Christ and so many false Christs in simplicity. We were told that you are revealing yourself through your word. That we are to take you at your word. That we can trust Jesus. That we should believe all things are possible. That we are justified by faith. We are sanctified by the truth. that the new birth is the Holy Ghost quickening a gene seed to life in our souls as a seal of our faith. Nothing we worked ourselves into, nothing we beat our chest and convinced you to do. And Lord, no wonder the devil tries to get in the mix of it and befuddle us and confuse us and cause us to misunderstand good teaching or cause it to be taught wrong. And Lord, if it seems like I'm trying to fight a million devils tonight a a and and stand against a billion mistruths, Lord, maybe in some ways I feel the weight of it. But I know where your elect stands. I know your word has victory over every single one of them. I know you're real, Lord. Despite mistakes and wonderings and sicknesses, and sometimes we find ourselves just racked with doubt and anxiety. Lord, we know that when we can see for a moment the light shining, we know there's a real God. We know there's truth. We know there's light. Though we may find ourselves in the shadow, it's only testifying that light is shining. And Lord, we believe in you. And not only do we believe in you, but we believe in your character. We believe in your love. We have a deliberate confidence in you, even if we don't understand your ways, but we trust in your character. We believe that you're a good God. We trust in you, Lord. Bless the faithful that are here tonight. May those who are present in our midst receive a special blessing. Not trying to short change you, Lord. Those who so desire to be here, trying to work every channel to make it work that they can be in the house of the Lord in the midweek and even be locally so they can have more fellowship. Lord, I pray you bless them. Give them the desire of their heart. And I say it without any gile, Lord. if it be that you would put them somewhere else. Give them the desire of their heart that they could be present. They could be laborers. They could be faithful to a body. Lord, make a way for them. That's their desire. Lord, I pray you make a way. Lord, we love you tonight. We feel your presence. We thank you for your goodness towards us. We ask all this in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
