################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-09 - Bro Reggie Plett PTSD Pt 2 Blessed Assurance - Reggie Plett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-04-09
Title:    Bro Reggie Plett: PTSD Pt 2: Blessed Assurance
Speaker: Reggie Plett
Church:   Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Short Clip
Duration: 1h 0m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=awNQa-fMAKA
========================================

Description:
Bro Reggie Plett 
PTSD Pt 2: Blessed Assurance
Wednesday Service: April 9, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Psalms 56:es 1-4. Be merciful unto me, oh God, for man would swallow me up. He fighting daily oppresseth me. Mine enemies would daily swallow me up. For they be many that fight against me, oh thou most high. What time I am afraid, I will trust in thee. In God I will praise his word. In God I have put my trust. I will not fear what flesh can do unto me. Amen. May God add his blessing to his word. You can be seated. I'd like to also read over in Psalms 61 verses 1-4. And just kind of take note of a few things here that David is saying. He says, "Hear my cry, oh God. Attend unto my prayer. From the end of the earth will I cry unto thee." You could also read that. From the end of the earth, I will cry unto thee. When my heart is overwhelmed, lead me to the rock that is higher than I. For thou hast been a shelter for me, and a strong tower from the enemy. I will abide in thy tabernacle forever. I will trust in the covert of thy wings. Say law. So David is saying, I will cry. I will abide. And I will trust. And I think we can experience all of those things. And I think we do experience that all the time. And I think some of us are saying, I'm in the I will cry portion of that. I know what it is to be in that stage where I'm just crying, crying, crying out to the Lord. And then that abiding, I will abide. And and in that abiding, we find trust to trust him. I didn't think I would ever do this. I'm tonight I'm preaching on PTSD part two. It's called blessed asurances as my subtitle. Last time I spoke on PTSD and I called it part one. What is wrong with me? And I was kind of I was really just joking as far as it being a part one. I never never ever thought that there would be another part to it. Um, even though brother Lucas gave me, I think four parts that I could could go with, but um, but PTSD stands for post-traumatic stress disorder. And I'll just kind of recap a little bit. and that post-traumatic stress disorder. The National Institute of Mental Health says that that that this disorder is from is is after a traumat traumatic experience and it can be it's it's a great fear that can be brought on by many many different things. Um but in some some sort of a a trauma that would happen in somebody's life and we see it a lot in soldiers um men that have coming back and have seen and experienced horrible things but there's so many people that have never never been a soldier and have experienced this disorder and last time I was only wanting really to what had struck me was how many times s throughout brother Brandham's sermons and and and and going throughout healing campaigns and and at the end of the service through a prayer line, you would hear the discerning going on. And brother Brandon would bring people through the prayer line and he would begin discerning and and and talking about the nervousness that people were experiencing. and he would say you you're nervous and or or you've got a heart problem or you've got a stomach problem, but really it stems from your nervousness. It's this nervousness that happens to you and and so many different instances like that happening and and I was I titled it PTSD and and and it that post-traumatic stress disorder. I said, "Let's not focus on the disorder, but instead that D be deliverance." that there is deliverance for this post traumatic stress that somebody might have, for any sort of a nervousness or or trauma that somebody might have in their life, God has got deliverance for that. And when you begin to listen to those to that discerning and and you begin to listen to those prayer lines, you're you're you you begin entering in and you you you hear about brother Brandham even when he said so many times when he went down into Mexico into old Mexico and and there was that little baby that was raised up from the dead. But before that baby was raised up from the dead, there was an older man who was I believe he was blind. And brother Brandham said he was putting his foot up next to his foot because he didn't even have good shoes. And brother Brandham said, "If my foot would have been the same size, I'd have given him my shoes." He reminded of me of my daddy. And brother said how that just the power of being able to enter in to somebody's hurt and and and and trauma that that that sympathizing or empathizing with somebody uh can can can bring healing. And I'm so grateful that we have this message on tape that we can when we listen to it and we begin to listen to those prayer lines and we begin to heal hear about these healings and you hear it on tape and you can hear people going off off the platform healed and brother Brandham calling it out and saying you know not even somebody on the platform but somebody out in the audience they've been healed and this one and and get up from the stretchers. Those of you that are on stretchers, get up from the stretchers. And those of you in wheelchairs, get up out of your wheelchairs. And you're hearing it and and and something in your heart begins to swell and you think, "Oh, God, if you can do it for them, you can do it for me." And so tonight, as we're we're talking about this PTSD, uh we we know there's that deliverance there, but I'm I'm I'm focusing on the S part. And instead of it being a a stress, I want to focus on the word security. And as we've read in these scriptures that David is crying out to God, God, be merciful to me. That when I'm in trouble, I'll call out to you. And Lord, you've always been my refuge. You've always been my help. You've been a strong tower for me. and that I'll like when I'm in trouble, God, I'm going to cry out to you and and and and and I want to abide in you. I want to dwell in your tabernacle forever. And in that abiding, I trust you, Lord. And it's it's that security that we have in God that that I don't right now I'm in a place of vulnerability. I'm in an uncertain place and I don't know what's going to happen. But in that in that time to know no matter what happens, one thing I'm secure in is God, you've got me. That I I that that there is a security that the believer has in Christ. that come what may, good, bad, or indifferent, that there is a security in knowing that God will not forsake you. He will not leave you, but he's got your best intentions in mind. I had the I don't know pleasure, honor, I don't know what you would call it, but recently I I met this a very famous man named Caesar Milan and um he's known as the dog whisperer and he's I I suppose he's he's a a big celebrity um to the world. He's he trains he trains dogs and I uh through my business of the the artificial grass we have a a canine grass and and we've installed some at his ranch where he lives and I guess he trains his dogs there. And so now Caesar Milan is a a spokesperson with Forever Lawn um promoting K9 grass and and so he I we had a conference and he was there and I and Caesar began to tell his story, began to tell his background and very humble beginnings. Uh Caesar um came AC I think it was from Sinaloa and he came across um he came to America looking for lassie and for rentin and he thought he loved dogs and he trained dogs even down in old Mexico and he just he was he's a dog person. He absolutely loves dogs and he worked with dogs and he trained dogs and and he made his way across the border and he was over in California and he was living under bridges and trying to train people's dogs and and he got famous because he would go to I suppose these were millionaires. I don't know. I suppose everybody in California seems to be millionaires. At least you have to be to live there, I think. But um he would go to these people's houses and say, "Hey, do you have a dog? I'd like to train your dog." And and one day, somebody noticed this this little Mexican man walking down the street with 14 dogs trailing behind him, no leashes on any of them. And all these dogs were walking with him. And they thought,"How is this guy able to walk pitbulls and German shepherds and Chihuahua and poodles all together without them tearing each other apart? They're just following him." So, this is where his claim to fame started to come. And now he's got a I think he's got a TV show and um and he's known as the dog whisperer. and they he says, "You know, people say I'm a I'm a I'm a dog trainer, but I'm not really in the business of training dogs. I'm really in the business of training people." And while he was speaking, he he began to play a video of him visiting a home and and the owner is this big big buff guy and his wife, his little frail wife, and then his daughter. And they've got this pitbull in a in a crate and Caesar comes in. Caesar's I think he's probably about this tall. He comes into the house and he's sitting, you know, probably here to the speaker box from the dog, you know, four or five feet from from this dog in the crate and he says to the owner, you know, let the dog out. And the man's like, I don't think that's a good idea. And Caesar says, why not? And he says, "Man, I'm" He says, "Are you, you know, you afraid for your dog?" And he says, "No, I'm afraid for you. I'm afraid what he's going to do to you." Caesar says, "No, you don't have to be afraid for me. Let let the dog out." So, you know, the dog comes out. And anyways, long story short, Caesar gets through this whole video of training after training after training. dog. Finally, the owners, the little girl and the little frail wife, they're able to command this dog and and and interact and have people over without any fear of this dog doing this. And people think, "Wow, this is just amazing." And Caesar says, "You know, there's four principles that I go by. Calm, confident, love, joy. Calm, confident, love, joy." And he says, you know, that the the atmosphere has got to be calm first. If you're excited, then the dog doesn't know what to do with that. And he's training people how to, you know, how to approach a dog. And and and the way that you're supposed to treat a dog, a dog, he says, you know, a dog is nose and then eyes and then ears. And this whole process, again, I I don't know all of this. Um, but he says, you know, you want to be calm first and then you want to be confident. You want the dog to know you're not afraid of the dog, but calm, confident, and then love. And then you can show love and all of this. And then joy comes at the end. After all of that, then then everybody's got this joy for the dog. And he's as he's talking about that I thought, yeah, that's right. That, you know, I don't know if is that that training is for the dog or if that's for the people. I think that's for the people to be calm and then to be confident and then there and then to show love and joy. I think Lord so many times in the when we read through the scriptures whenever somebody was in distress the first thing the Lord did was say fear not fear not is it is to let's calm things down. You know, the devil wants to stir things up. And if he can stir things up, then he can just create chaos. And then and then and then as much as you'd like to trust in the Lord, you're just struggling to to know what which way is up. So the Lord, he he can calm us if he can calm us first. If he can if we can be aware of his presence, And then and then you can be confident. And I think about these scriptures that we just read that David is admitting that man, when I'm in trouble, Lord, I'm going to cry out. I'm going to cry out to you. But as I abide in you, I'll trust you. And that's that gaining confidence in the Lord. It's that gaining confidence in he'll do what he says he's going to do. Do you believe me? I think so many times we're so used to this carnal world around us and and so maybe somebody letting us down or somebody hurting us. I've been hurt before. was brother Eleazer actually a couple weeks ago when he had ministered here he he gave a story and I really appreciated the story you gave he said he had had an uncle I believe it was an uncle brother Elzer that you said that he'd been hurt he'd been hurt in in church he'd been hurt by believers let's say or or or church people by by by so-called Christians he'd been hurt said he began to build a wall to protect himself from ever getting hurt again but all he did was wall himself off from other people. And I thought, man, that's not the idea. The idea isn't that, you know, when when something traumatic has happened that we just say, "I'll never let that happen again. I will never let that happen again. Instead of saying, "Lord, you allowed it. Now what what do you want? Where do I go from here? Whatever happens, I'm in your hands and I trust you and will I'm trusting you to get me through this." And I thought when when when Caesar was going through this training and he went through this calm, confident love, joy, I thought, man, that's just exactly like uh raising children. You know, it's like when when you're in when when you're when that's a brand new world to you. you you know you're holding your first child and and you realize you know yeah we wanted children but I have no idea what I'm doing like now it begins and I'm responsible for this little soul here and and and and you think you you know what I I I think I thought I wanted this but now I don't know what to do with it and they'll and and and so then it's like well calm down you're going going to get through this. And I I remember when when we were first parents, parents for the first time and and Melody was our first one and was born. They said right after the birth, uh they they take the baby and immediately they put it up on the mother and they say, "We want skin-to-skin, this skin-to-skin contact from the baby to the mother." And it's that it's that calming the baby knowing it's being familiar. That baby's already familiar with that mother. She's, you know, that child's been with that mother for nine months already growing. Knows the heart un has been listening to the heartbeat of the mother and so on and so forth. And that calming effect of that of that baby with that mother. And I thought, "Oh Lord, that is the truth that it's it's that when something traumatic happens or when something happens to us that shakes our world or shakes our faith and and and suddenly where one day we thought, you know, man, you know, you know, that stature of a perfect man, you know, there's the faith and I I got that and then the virtue and, you know, and you start, you know, working your way up and you go, you know, godliness and I've got that and then you go patience and then one day the Lord allows something to jerk the rug right out from under you and and you're like I don't even know if I have faith. I don't even know if I'm at that level anymore. That's when you that's when you're just like, Lord, just press me up against your chest. Just let me have that confidence, that security blanket to know that you love me, that you care for me, that you that you're still here even though my world just got shook apart. And I thought about this scripture in Isaiah 49:es 14 to 15. But Zion said, "The Lord hath forsaken me, and my Lord hath forgotten me." Can a woman forget her sucking child that she should not have comp compassion on the son of her womb? Yay, they may forget yet will I not forget thee. I think man it's true, you know, as as much as you know, you can't imag Well, we've seen it. I mean, you see it in the news sometimes. You you see these terrible things how a mother could abandon her child. But we have a promise right there. to the Lord saying despite what you know it could happen but it cannot happen with me. I was listening to several sermons. I was listening to uh I think as a family during our devotions, we were listening to the message oneness. And I love that that message. And and then brother Brandham years earlier, I think he preaches a a sermon called the oneness of unity. And I was listening to those sermons and then it got me interested and or got me thinking about even the message lean not to thine own understanding. And I would really encourage you to go listen to to these sermons. Oneness I think is a tremendous sermon. I remember listening to oneness of unity years ago and and I was thinking this will be really nice. This will be a real nice you know it's all about oneness of unity. That's it's so nice, you know, what a nice thing. And then brother Brandham's really what he's focusing around, you're like, "Wow, this is intense, you know, and really kind of uh forceful, you know, and and then when you realize that he's he's really exposing the enemy, he's really exposing the devil and showing how that that he's wanting oneness of unity." And brother Brandham in that message he he goes to this scripture in Genesis 11. He uses this scripture in verses 5 and 6a. And the Lord came down to see the city. He's talking about now the tower of Babel. And the Lord uh came down to see the city and the tower which the children of men builded. And the Lord said, "Behold, the people is one. And in the oneness of unity, brother Brandham says, I just took this and and I'll I'll unpack it a little bit. Brother Brandham says, "And you know, that's God's plan. God wants people to be one." We're like, "Amen. That's right." And it's strange to think, but the devil tries to put his plan into existence and make the people one under his plan. Now, God has a plan and the devil has a plan. And then the devil is trying to get all people under his plan while God is trying to get people to be one under his plan. So, you know, you listen to that and you're going, "Okay, well, I know what I don't want. I don't want to be under the devil's plan to be one under the devil. I want to be one under God's plan. Brother Brandham, he he he takes it back to the garden. And he says, "When God made Adam and Eve and he put him in that garden, he in that walled garden, that protected place, that secure place." And he would come down in the cool of the evening and he would walk with them and he would talk with them. He said there was there was unity with Adam and Eve and with God. And God loved it. He loved that. and and and brother Brandham is expressing that's what he wants us to get back to and we can think we have our own imaginations of what that looked like and what that was like and sometimes when we get a cool evening you know in Phoenix or something and you're walking in this the cool of the evening you're thinking oh yeah this is nice I can't wait when this is forever and I don't have to go to work and and leave this and deal with the stresses of life. Brother Brandham is relating this this unity with God and this family this family unit and this unity with God as a family unit and how that there's that under that plan under that unity with God the security that God gives us that that the idea that that before the fall even in in in nakedness there was no need for shame. They were so they were so secure in God. There was no fear of of of of judgment of of ridicule of harm. There was none of that. There were there was such security in God that you know as as as brother Brandham even expresses in future home how that that that you know the scriptures and revelations talk about how that one day that you know there will be a child who will who will sit upon the whole of of of the snake and and and and the l the l the lion and the lamb will lay down together without fear of being eaten. And we think, "Yes, yes, that's what we want." And that security, there's no fear. There's just you're you're so secure in the presence of God that there's that there that that that love, that perfect love casts out all fear. And we think, "Yes, Lord. Yes, that's what I want." And we get glimpses into that. and and we come in and and and and whether that be in in a church service or whether that be just in your devotions, in your prayer closet, in your in your vehicle, you know, riding and speaking to the Lord, you begin to feel this security in Christ. And you think, "This is what I want. This is what I need." and and and and you get to this place even to where God can begin to build up your faith to the place where you start thinking, I feel like in this moment I could ask anything I wanted and God would give it. And there's this security and we think, "Oh yeah, there's security in God." And we we we come up with this notion there's only security in God and there's no security in the world. There's no security. The devil offers no security. And we want to and and and we want to go and preach that. We want to go to to the stranger and we want to say, you know, well, I don't know what you've got security, but there's absolutely no security. Uh the the devil offers no security. There's no unity that the devil would offer. But that's not exactly true. And when brother Brandon begins ministering in this oneness and this oneness of unity, that's exactly what the what the devil wants to offer, but he just doesn't offer it in the same way God offers it. And so it's a perverted security. And brother begins expressing that if you think that this oneness is is is in your organization. If you think that you're going to find security in your organization, if you think you're going to find security in in in the amount of wealth you can accumulate that once I reach this much money, I'll be I've got I'm secure. You've got another thing coming. The world the the the world right now the our our government right now is shook up with economic security. You you are seeing people you know just scrambling. Some are going it's going to be great and some are like this is the end and is there going to be a recession? Definitely. Is there going to be a recession? No way. You're safe. And you're like, who do I listen to? It's enough to shake you up. We think, well, my security's not in my job. Well, let me tell you, when it comes to PTSD or depression or anxiety, when people are going to psychologists and psychiatrists for help to help ease that that nervousness and that anxiety. and they're they're looking for help and they're going to the psychologist and they're going to psychiatrist. One of the first things that the psychologists ask the people is do you have a job? Because if you don't have a job, there's a good reason you you're probably a little bit nervous about your finances. You know, you got money going out. Where is it coming in? Well, I don't have anywhere where it's going out coming in. So, money's only going out. Yeah. Well, we got to stop that. So, that's one of the first thing that's asked. Do you have a job? If you don't have a job, we should try to get you a job because you've at least got that security where that won't be on the back of your mind of I don't have anything coming in to support me. I don't have anything coming in to support me. I have nothing coming in to support me. I need something to support me. That's the point of security is having support. You need support. So they say, "Let's get you a job." Then how's your relationship with your family? Well, that could go a hundred different ways. But do you have any family near you? Do you have anybody that that that loves you, that cares for you in your troubles, somebody that you could go to? What's your social life like? Do you get out much? Do you have any friends? Do you have people over? Do you have any social events that you go to? Do you have a church? Do you go to church? Do you have do you go to meetings? The idea is to build support and in that support you've got security. You have something to go to. But brother Brandham gets right down to it when you listen to things like the messages like investments and he's saying, you know, you you you want to you want to invest in something that that's got a good return for you. and he's and he's he's he's trying to get them to the gospel, but these are businessmen that he's talking to, full gospel businessmen. But he always comes down to if you think that it's that your money is that money is going to be be the thing that's going to be your security, it's volatile. It comes and it goes. And so we don't want to look to money for our security. as Christians, as believers, that that that that when when things happen in our life that have nothing to do with money, when it's something traumatic that has happened, whether it be whether it be in your family, whether it be in your church, whether it would be a church you a church blowing up or or or or or whatever it would be, somebody hurting you as you know, as as we alluded to before, somebody hurting you and somebody, you know, somebody betraying you, somebody lying to you and you're going, you know, it just shakes your whole world apart. Money can't buy peace in those kinds of situations. And ultimately, brother Brandham gets to the place where it's if you put your trust in men, they will let you down. Your trust has got to be in the word. It's got to be in Christ. Years ago, I preached a message about homeland security. And I think brother Brandham does such a nice job in the Revelations, I call it the Revelation series. It's when he's preaching Revelations chapter 1, chapter 2, chapter 3, chapter 4. I think he only gets to chapter 5. When we get to Revelations chapter 4, he preaches like three or four services on Revelations chapter 4. But in in Revelations 4:es 6-8, I want to read it for you. It says, "And before the throne there was a sea of glass like under crystal, and in the midst of the throne and round about the throne were four beasts full of eyes before and behind. And the first beast was like a lion, and the second beast like a calf, and the third beast had a face as a man, and the fourth beast was like a flying eagle. And the four beasts had each of them six wings about him. And they were full of eyes within, and they rest not day and night, saying, "Holy, holy, holy, Lord God Almighty, which was and is and is to come." And when brother Brandham is preaching Revelation chapter 4, he says, "Now these same creatures that we see here are the same creatures that we see in Ezekiel." One, if you go read in Ezekiel, these are the same creatures. But he says, brother Brandham then takes us all the way back to Genesis and he says when Adam and Eve were had left the garden, the scripture says that that the Lord put cherubams at the east end of the garden with flaming swords to guard the way of the tree of life. Brother Brandham is points us that these are the same creatures that were at the beginning. And he takes us from Genesis and then he takes us over into Ezekiel and he takes us even into into uh uh uh Leviticus and and and things where where he's showing the when when God showed Moses the pattern of the tabernacle and and and all of the the elements that were to go within the tabernacle. And he said, "These creatures are those creatures that that were on the the mercy seat that was over the ark that that that that guarded the ark of the covenant. They they were on top of the mercy seat." And you're going, "Wow, wow." And your eyes are just opening up to this and you're going, "Wow." And here in Revelations, we see these four beasts round about the throne and they're guarding that throne. It's the same image as the ark of the covenant guarding the shikina glory over that ark and and the elements in in the ark. There was the, you know, there was the law. There was the the the the the bud, the budding rod of of of Aaron. There was the mana. And and and that was all in this ark. And these creatures were guarding that. And that shakina glory would come down on it when the mercy seat when the blood was sprinkled. And and and you're just you begin to you're you're you begin seeing this and and I see this as I'm reading it. And I think and brother Brandham is talking about how that they're guards and they're guarding that and he's he's talking about that tree of life in the in Genesis how that they were guarding the way of the tree of life and they with had those flaming swords to keep men out of it until Christ came and that sacrifice was made. And then he says now they're trying to drive us back to that. They're trying to drive us back to the way of the tree of life. and and he's and and he's alluding to that is that is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. They're trying to point you to that. That's what Peter was pointing to on the day of Pentecost is to point you to the baptism of the Holy Ghost to where the very life, the very tree of life, the way of the tree of life now dwells within you. Brother Brandham says this in Revelations 4 part 3. Now God has a mercy seat today to be guarded. You believe that? Where's the mercy seat found? In the heart of man. Where did it come in the heart of man? At the day of Pentecost when the Holy Ghost, which is God, come into the human heart. Is that right? He goes on. He says, "Did you think that God don't put a guard around his word? See if that ox, lion, man, eagle isn't still setting at those gates right here on earth right now. Here's the gospels, the four gospels. See, and you notice every way they went. They went straight forward. They don't contradict one another. They stay with one another. See, one goes with the shrewdness of a man. The other one goes with the swiftness of a eagle. The other one's a pastor. One's evangelist to fly like evangelist. See, the other one's a pastor. The other one's a sturdy uh the other one's shrewd. See, guarded on every side. God guarding his Holy Ghost gospel. Believe it, brother. All right. There's so much here. I didn't even know what to put in. I put these in because I thought we could unpack this for a long time and I'm and I don't want to do it. But brother says what uh what they were guarding. He says what what are these four guards? Where can we find them? He says right here the four gospels, Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. And what do they guard? The book of Acts. He says the acts of the Holy Spirit now inside of a person. And he and he and he and he says, "How do those gospels guard it?" And he begins taking us through the gospels of Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. and showing how that each one in each of the gospels it points that if you ever there's a need for healing you can read in each of those gospels and you can see that it is God's will and his desire that there is divine healing in the body of Christ you think oh praise God that if ever I need healing if ever I've got a sick body and I can't afford insurance if If ever I've got a sick body and and there's no doctor that can see me, if ever I've got a sick body and I'm too far or I'm too far gone that anybody would even see me, God has got a plan of divine healing for us to believe in. Talk about a security blanket. You say, "Well, I've got good insurance. That's good." But then you show up to the hospital and say, "Oh, you know what? We don't cover that here. We You're going to have to go to an" and you're going, "I thought you guys covered that." No, we switched over. So, just in case they can't see you, guess what? There's still a great physician you can go and see. He goes into salvation and and he begins pointing and and and and he talks about you want to know who God is. Is he one? Is he three? I can show you he's one. And he begins taking you through Matthew, through Mark, through Luke, through John to show that there is one true and living God and his name was Jesus Christ and and that was him. And he points to that so that there's no confusion in your life. There's no point of there there's no need for chaos and being shaken as far as I don't know if I know God. I don't know if I can know God. How am I supposed to know who he is? You know, is he real? I don't know. My my faith seems to be shaken right now. It's okay. God's got security for that. Just dig into your go just dig into the gospels. And I love that it's guarding the book of Acts. And brother Brandham tells this story how that some some man had said you know the book of acts is just the framework. Brother Brandham said the framework he said I believe it's the gospels that's the framework that sets up for the book of acts to show that this is this is what Jesus promised in living flesh. now. But when he it's so nice to see that that that that we that those guards are guarding the word of God that that that that the four gospels we can read the gospels and we can see God is absolutely defending and identifying his works that he is the same yesterday, today and forever. that it's not just in the days of the apostles that it is still alive and well today in his church. But for him to go further as we read here and to say something like one goes with the shrewdness of a man, the other one goes with the swiftness of a eagle, the other one's a pastor, one's a evangelist. You're going, "Wait a second. You you just absolutely switched gears there. Truess of man, swiftness of an eagle. Now you start bringing in offices within a church w within the within the operation of of the body of Christ. The other one's he says see the other one's a pastor. The other one's sturdy. Is a pastor not sturdy? Is that you know I don't know if he's getting to that. The other one's shrewd. See guarded on every side. God guarding his Holy Ghost gospel. Believe it brother. All right. I love that because when if if ever you've been burned, if you've ever feel like he, you know, that brother let me down. I really depended on him. You know, I really thought that that brother was solid, but I just don't know anymore. Well, believe it or not, wherever there's a counterfeit, there's got to be a real. And I think that relates so much to that story that brother Eleaser had told about, I'll never get hurt. I'll never let a man I'll never let a man do that to me again. But if you wall yourself off from that, then you'll never let a man do anything for you ever again. And God, his his plan was to use men. So you're cutting yourself off from the plan of God when you do it. It's like, but I know a bad one. Yeah, I'm sure we all know a bad one, but God's got real ones. God's got real men that have got the word of the Lord that can that that that that that that can preach what God desires for his sons and his daughters to receive something from him. Not from the man, but from God. There was a man and he was going over that that saying, "Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me." And then he went on further. He said, "And fool me three times. Shame on you again. You fooled me twice. How'd you do that?" He said, "Fool me four times. Shame on me again. How How did I How did I let you do that? And he You think, "How far is he going to take this?" He says, "Now, just hold on. I got 12 of these." And you're going, "Whoa." He didn't. But he took it all the way to seven. Fool me seven times. When it gets to seven times, he said, "Fool me seven times." There's uh there's no shame in anybody. You're a professional. I think that's, you know, so many times we take cliches like that. We say, "Oh yeah, fool me once." Shame on you. Or shame on me, but fool me twice. No, be shame on you the first time. Shame on shame on you the second time. And then and and we use that to cut people off. Say, "You fool me. You know, you let me down more than once. You're not my brother no more." I want you guys to know that you're never allowing God to operate through somebody again. So I'm so grateful when I read things like this or when I hear brother Brandham correlating these four creatures to ministers to men of God who have the word of the Lord who take the bread of life and they they they break it evenly and and rightfully and they and they can bring it to you and you think what a blessing what a blessing to hear that that was for me. So many times you leave a service, you go that was for me. There's a story that brother Brandham tells and I'm I'm closing with this. In fact, I'll ask the musicians to come. You'll know this story brother Brandon tells it. I I found it like 28 times. I found him telling this story about how he had a friend, I believe his name was brother Snyder, had come and visited him and he was he became an insurance salesman. And he asked Brother Brandon, "Brother Brandon, you know, I'm I'm a insurance salesman. I'd like to sell you some insurance." And brother Brandham says, "I've got I've got assurance, you know, and and and the man thought he said insurance. Brother Brandham said, "I didn't, you know, I didn't tell him any different, but I said assurance." And he said, "My wife looked at me kind of funny, like, you liar. We don't have insurance." He said, "But the man said, Billy, I didn't realize that you had that you had any insurance." He says, "What what what kind is it?" Brother Brandham says, "Eternal life." He says, "Man, I've never heard of that. You know who you know who who with who's this from?" And brother Brandham in stories he makes, you know, in different occasions makes up different ones. And you all know how that how the story goes. He he says, "Well, what what insurance is this, Billy?" And he said, "It's blessed assurance. Jesus is mine. Oh, what a foretaste of glory, divine, heir of salvation, purchase of God, born of his spirit, washed in his blood. And he says, "That's very fine, Billy, but that won't put you in the graveyard when you're gone." He says, "I realize that, but it'll get me out." And we hear that story and we hear it so many times and we think, "Oh, that was clever. Oh, I want to use that sometime. Can't wait till the next door too insurance guy comes to my house. I'm gonna use it. But brother Brandon also says, "Look, I got nothing against insurance." He says, "That's a fine thing to have." He says, "I don't I think he in some places says I don't have any myself. I He says, you know, I've seen I've seen it get abused and so forth, but [Music] Brother Brandon in Hebrews chapter 6 number three he finishes that story and right after he says and since I have the assurance by the sworn God of eternity that he will raise me up again in the likeness of his son in the last day I'll walk boldly and have a consolation and an anchor of the soul. that while I'm in this veil, there is some unseen something got me anchored against the rock of ages [Music] yonder. When the waters jump and blast, doesn't make any difference. If death, perils, or anything separates us not from the love of God, my anchor holds within the veil. [Music] Let the floods rise. Let her dash. Let infidels come. The bornag again believer has an anchor. I can't see through this veil yet. But I know my anchor holds yonder against the rock of ages who is a sworn promise that he will raise me up at the last day. [Music] If ever there's a time when you feel shaken, when when storms blast, when when waves come crashing, and they will, and they do, [Music] You got to have security. You got to have something to anchor to. You got to have something that'll hold you. When you can't hold on, you got to have something that'll hold you. And if you've ever experienced that anxiety, that chaos when when you've been hit with something and that comes across your life, across your home, across your family, whatever it is, and you think, I God, I all these years I thought I was a believer. All these years I thought and now I'm not even sure what I am. I don't know if I've got the goods anymore. God, I don't know if you got to have that anchor. You got to have him holding you. And if you've got that, that's blessed assurance. It's beyond any insurance. It's beyond any backup plan. God's not interested in any earthly backup plans you've got and any escape hatches you've got at the very bottom of your plans. He's not interested in that. He wants to get you pinned to a place to where he says, "I want you to have no more back, no more escape routes, no more back alleys. I need it to be me and you. I need to be your only plan. And I'll never abuse you. I'll never molest you. I'll I I'll never treat you wrong. I promise. And and and and that's when you when you read David and you hear him from his heart crying out that God, when I'm abiding in you, that's when I can trust you. that whatever decision that the God makes from there, whatever tomorrow holds, you say, "God, I don't know if I'll even make it to tomorrow, but I trust you with whatever comes. I want that for you. I want that for my kids. [Music] I want that for this church. No matter what happens, we trust him. We trust him in it. We we we all can just trust him. I want to pray with you if you'll stand with me. [Music] With our heads bowed and our eyes [Music] closed. Feel like sometimes the best place to talk about this is with a cup of coffee in a living room across from one another. But I [Music] pray church. I pray that this word and that this message, not my message, but the message of the hour, stirs up your heart, so that when you go home, when you say, "I got to finish up the rest of this week, even I just got to finish up the rest of this week." I pray that [Music] that the spirit of God can strike your heart to where you say, "God, what that preacher said that night, that's true. That's what I need. I got to have that or I need more of that." You cry out to God as David said. You cry out to God as we pray together. Heavenly Father, Lord, we thank you for your word. God, we thank you, Lord, for the security that you've put in place in your word, Lord. How that it carries us when we cannot carry on, Lord. You've worked in so many marvelous ways, Lord. And so many times we we may have in our own minds tried to create a security and and and and and think we know just how you're going to do it. And Lord, you come and you do it some other way. Lord, I pray Lord tonight for these people. Lord, for those that would be listening in on this service or Lord, those that are here tonight that God, as we would go home, that God, these things would be real in our life that when we begin to hear, Lord, whether it be your prophet, God, whether it be a pastor, whether it be an evangelist, God, they wouldn't contradict one another, but they'd all be pointing straight forward. they'd all be pointing to that security that we've got in your [Music] word. And I would ask heavenly father that Lord, if somebody's got a storm raging in their life right now, if they've got the waves crashing up against their boat right now, Lord, I pray that Lord, that anchor, God, they would know that there is an anchor. that God, they could tug on that anchor and they could know it's holding. It's holding. He'll hold. Lord, you're so real and I know it and I've experienced it that Lord, when chaos seems to come, Lord, and and and and shake our world that God, you're the constant. You're that north star. You're so immovable, Lord. You're you're you're so faithful in what you do. Lord, I just pray that Lord as we've all I pray experienced that that Lord we could unite together under your plan that God that that unity that we have in your spirit God would allow that security would allow our faith to rise up and our trust to be in you more and more and more. Grant us heavenly father. We ask it in Jesus Christ's name.
