################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-06 - The Complete Works - Complete.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-06
Title:   The Complete Works
Speaker: Complete
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=APTGYp0nTLg
========================================

Description:
The Complete Works
Sunday Service: April 6, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
And Revelations 22 17 to 21. And the spirit and the bride say come. Let him that heareth say come. Let him that is a thirst come. Whosoever will let him take the water of life freely. Take it freely. For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book. If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book. And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life. And out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book, he which testifith these things saith, surely I come quickly. Amen. Even so come, Lord Jesus. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen. God bless you. You can be seated. If you could uh just focus with me a little bit at the beginning here, I wanted to share uh two things. Number one, my title, the complete works. And in this uh using that phrase, the complete works, I could have titled it the complete works of God or uh the complete works of Christ, referring to what might be used in in art of an entire collection or as one that would be the collection of all the artists work. Uh, and the the body of work might be a phrase that's used actually in art. It's catalog reson. That's my French for the day. Huh? But catalog reson. And it would be the uh the it's a catalog of everything that was done. And I'm looking at this idea of something being complete and rendered whole. So the complete works. I want us to really think about something being finished. Now on Wednesday, we ministered on the subject of framed. And some people begin to think maybe with all the uh uh podcast on true crime that they binge, they thought maybe it was about being framed for something they didn't do. But it was how God was intentionally using the Jordan River as an entry point into the promised land but also a border. So that framing was very very important. And in Hebrewsap 11:3 he says through faith we understand that the worlds were framed by the word of God so that things which are seen were not made of things which do appear. Remember how in the beginning that God framed creation even with a commandment, a positive commandment and a negative commandment and he put them up behind the wall, an invisible wall, but a frame and a wall of the word of God and even planted a garden eastward in Eden where it's a very specific local with a condition. And so it's those walls that were compromised that caused mankind to sin. And here he says the worlds were framed by the word of God, made perfect. They were perfectly joined together. So when he framed the world by the word of God, it was to put it in order to fit or to frame for oneself. So there's a completion that's taken place. And I know that this wouldn't necessarily apply in a lot of different situations. And even they find that with modern art and a modern movement in art, the frame was kind of disregarded and it was considered to be uh inhibiting. But the act of framing is something that would typically or in many cases completes or finishes a work of art for display and me having kind of a uh a love for art or at least an interest in it and certainly don't claim to be an artist. I am not one but we have one in our midst. Uh and I may not be able to view it or appreciate it myself but I at least pretend to. And uh I have fallen down the rabbit hole of frames and uh and reading you're thinking what is a rabbit hole of frames but just the reading and studying and finding so many beautiful things about the act of framing and it is something that is uh an integral part of the piece of work and I believe that God has done the same thing that the whole work of art the phrase is the whole work of art the painting and the frame and we can't lose sight of God when he gives us something. He creates something. He does something. What is his framing? What is the context? God has a purpose when he does something. With everything that God is, every design, everything he says, everything he does, we have to try to take a step back and realize what is it that God's wanting me to focus on? What is it that God actually portraying in this? And as God wants to put Christ on display and even ourselves, the token is putting Christ on display, there needs to be a a framing of that. What does it mean in the time and age that we're living in? When I ministered on 21st century Christ, uh it was what how is God going to express his attributes in this hour? So there's context to that. Even when we were looking at the thought myself on uh the concept of photography, a closed composition is when something comfortably fits within that the borders of an image. And this is what God has done with the description of Palestine, Israel, Canaan, the promised land. the borders where God's framing say zeroing in on this. This is this is part of him finishing even the Exodus. It's part of him pointing to the fullness of redemption that in here is where I'm going to do this work. Now in Revelations 22:e 19 as we understand that God wrote the Bible. Brother Bam even talks about it is God's work of art. He is the artist. The Bible says here that if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life and out of the holy city and from the things which are written in this book. If anyone would take away and we know that it also says if any man would add to. So God's word is set forth. I believe this Bible set forth is a closed composition. It is a a complete work in itself in and of itself and it is not to be added to nor taken away. If you add to it, that's not the picture. If you take away from it, that's not the picture. If you try to adjust the frame to include something else, what's going to happen? That's not the original work. And so, this is something that we do with the word of God, even the prophecies of this book, and we say the complete works. We're looking at the whole picture. The that that whole picture finished, perfect, framed just right, not trying to move uh uh the paradigm, not trying to shift things around to include something else or to take something away. A lot of times, I guess there's a danger on both sides to add to the word of God, but then there's also the danger of uh taking away. Now, Numbers chapter 34:es 12 and 13. I I think this some of this is still review from Wednesday night. And um if you think that I'm actually overlapping so much because I don't have anything anymore anything more to say, that is certainly not the truth. But I could still learn to do better if I'm repeating myself too often. And the border shall go down to Jordan, and the things going out of it shall be at the sea. This shall be your land with the coast thereof roundabout. And Moses commanded the children of Israel, saying, "This is the land which ye shall inherit by lot, which the Lord commanded to give unto the nine tribes and to the halftime." I know that sounds odd because we think 12 tribes, but here it's just nine and a half. And he's saying, "This will be your land from the Jordan River, which we can see outlined here in red under the sea. And and this is going to be the land that God will give you. This is your inheritance." And so this Jordan River, as we've tried to highlight it here, this stretch of river, it is a geographical border, but it's more than just and and it's featured quite a bit in scripture in very literal events, but it's also holds a great symbolic type because the promised land is in this phrase on this side of Jordan. Now, there's a phrase where it says this side Jordan where they're wanting to point to wherever they are, wherever they're oriented. But on this side of Jordan, it's a place of safety. It's a place of rest. It's a place of God's presence that God outlined this this land here to be the Palestine, Canaan, the promised land. But this side is not the land that he's speaking to Israel here in the Exodus that they would inherit. In Numbers chapter 34, 35:34, he said, "Defile not therefore the land which ye shall inhabit wherein I dwell." So God's going to live within these borders. God is going to dwell in this place. For the Lord, for I the Lord dwell among the children of Israel. And he says, so he says, "This land don't defile. Don't make it unclean. Don't make it impure. Do not make the land unfit. Whether it be your attitude towards it or what you do in it, you should uh appreciate this land. You should honor this land. You should hollow this land as something that I've given you as an inheritance and a place of even my rest. For this is the place where I bring you that you would dwell with me. Leviticus chapter 18 24- 29 covers quite a bit of ground here and there's a lot that we could get into. But notice this. It says, "Defile not yourselves in any of these things." And there's a litany of things that he had listed that they were not to to to not do. For in all these nations are defiled. For in all these the nations are defiled, which I cast out before you, and the land is defiled. So what they did in the land defiled the land. Therefore, I do visit the iniquity thereof upon it, and the land itself vomitth out her inhabitants. Strong language. But God is saying, "It's because they're evil and their wickedness that I'm going to punish them." I believe God is a just God and he's not just punishing them willy-nilly, but their wickedness and their evil. God says, "I'm going to visit their sins upon them and they're going to be cast out of this land." It's not out of the earth or out of the world at this point, but out of that land. Ye shall therefore keep my statutes and my judgments, and shall not commit any of these abominations, neither any of your own nation, nor any stranger that soldth among you. So, if you're going to live in this land, got to keep his statutes. You can't live wickedly for all these abominations have the men of the land done which were before you and the land is defiled. So wickedness, sin, disobedience, disregarding of God and the and the perversions amongst humanity. He has said that this is the reason why the land vomitth out her inhabitants. So verse 28 that the land spew not you out also when you defile it as it spewed out the nations that were before you. This land is a holy land. And those that do commit wickedness or disobedience or perversion, they're thrust out of that land. For whatsoever shall commit any of these abominations, even the souls that commit them shall be cut off from among the their people. To be cut off, it means to fail or to be destroyed, to be taken away. So they would no longer be connected with God's covenant of promise to that land. That if you're in this land and you're obedient, I'll send you rain. If you're in this land and obedient, I'll keep your enemies from you. that if you'll stay here and not do wickedness, there's blessing. But if you do wickedness, you're cut off from God's covenant and you are actually destroyed from among the people, you're put out of, he's saying here, even the land. Just as the inhabitants were kicked out of uh Israel or kicked out of Canaan because of their sin that there's this a type of not dwelling in the land as being a result of unbelief. Deuteronomy 11:31. This being so of this land, for ye shall pass over Jordan to go in to possess the land which the Lord your God giveth you, and ye shall possess it and dwell therein. Possess means to seize and to occupy. It's this process of of being placed by God in their full inheritance that this is where I'm leading you. This is where I'm taking you. This is where everything has been moving and building to this point. And so enter thou in to the land, dwell in this land, possess it, dwell therein at the cross Jordan to do this. So if you were on this side of Jordan, you're in this place of rest, this place of safety, this place of where God dwells. But beyond Jordan, on the other side of Jordan, if we could say that, was the wilderness, which is full of sin and wickedness. It's where the casto from the land would go to dwell. If you can't be in here, you need to go on the other side. Now, you couldn't go into the sea, but you could be cast on the other side of Jordan, and that would be that wilderness that would open up that great expanse, which was not that place that God said he would dwell. The other side of Jordan represented for Israel a place of wondering. It even represents death. To be beyond Jordan is to be on the wrong side of life and death. It's what God told him in Deuteronomy. I set before you, life and death. Choose life. Choose the promised land. Choose Canaan. choose to cross that river that you can dwell in life and not death. But verse 14 of Numbers 34 tells us a little bit different story. Says, "For the tribe of the children of Reuben, according to the house of their fathers, and the tribe of the children of Gad according to the house of their fathers have received their inheritance, and the half and half the tribe of Manasseh have received their inheritance." The two tribes and the halftribe have received their inheritance on this side Jordan near Jericho eastward toward the sun rising. This was our thought I believe it was last Sunday on cosmetic Christians. They are the ones who do not enter into God's rest through unbelief. They don't enter into the promised land. They look the part until ultimately where they choose to settle. Even if they are with them in the journey, they cross over. They fight battles. ultimately where they want to be and where their eyes are and where their hearts are is to be what this size here says here on the other side this side of Jordan on the east side of Jordan toward the sun rising as the sun rises in the east that's where they choose to be what we were emphasizing even then is how that the uh the the cosmetic Christian forms a a barrier if you were traveling and all of a sudden you ran into all the you know the half tribe of Manasseh and you were there with Gad and Rome oh Brothers, sisters, this is awesome. This is great. This is where this is the promised land. This is where the word is. This is where God wants us to be. And there would be maybe a rally in there. But God says, I want you to go across the Jordan. They form a false border. It's a distraction or even an actual barrier to those who are wanting to enter as the Bible says cross Jordan and possess it. And these tribes of Reuben, Gad, and a half Manasseh chose to settle or take their inheritance outside the land that the message had been leading them to all along. When God gave the promise to Abraham, as we'll see here in a moment, he said, "For 400 years, they're going to soldier in an estrange land." And the prophecy was that you will go out of uh Canaan and you will be brought back into Canaan and 440 years. You would say roughly if you just added 400 plus the 40 years of wondering, you say this is what it's been all about all along. The Exodus with all its signs and wonders really didn't have any meaning without the entrance. And that's why they kept notice this is where the complaint always, did you bring us out here in the wilderness to die? It would be better if we were in Egypt. And that's exactly the truth. If all God was doing was bring them to the wilderness, then they would have been better off in Egypt. But what are they missing in that? The complete promise. God didn't bring them into the wilderness for them to die. He brought them out of Egypt and they had to go by way of the wilderness to get into the promise. So, they had to endure the wilderness. The wilderness then it kind of forms that area where if you get into the wilderness without the the uh the promise of the destination, then you're either going to try to cabbage down in the wilderness and well, we'll just make this work. Glory to God. or you want to go back to Egypt in Exodus chapter 8 verses 27 and 28 it's kind of one thing if you read if you're reading in the Exodus and how that Moses initially asked you know let us go worship a three days journey in the wilderness and that wasn't what they wanted all along God actually told them to do it because he would show the hardness of Pharaoh's heart and how Pharaoh wouldn't even relent on that he says and so we will go three days journey into the wilderness and sacrifice the Lord our God as he shall now command us. So it's kind of this this is what will you let us do it and this shows what's in the heart of Pharaoh and Pharaoh said I will let you go that you may sacrifice to the Lord your God in the wilderness I want you to catch even the heart of Satan only you shall not go very far away entreat for me worship in the wilderness was never God's perfect plan worship in the wilderness was never what God's objective it wasn't what he wanted them to ultimately do that was only a temporary thing even in the It was only to show the hardness of Pharaoh's heart. And this is the attitude that Pharaoh has. I don't mind if you worship God. Just make sure you do it right on the edge. Do it close enough to where there's no distinction. Don't go all the way into the promise. Just remain somewhere between Canaan and Egypt. This is the This is the proposition that Satan's going to give you is I want you to worship. I don't mind if you worship, but don't stay close enough to where I'm at. This is what they chose when they chose to settle on the east side of Jordan as they were outside the promise. We'll read a few places here in Deuteronomy chapter 2 through the remainder of the service and you'll see that this is something God repeats over and over again. and Deuteronomy 2:es 4 and 5. And command thou the people, saying, "Ye are to pass through the coast of your brethren, the children of Esau, which dwell in Seir." That's horror and shock. They shall be afraid of you. Take ye good heed unto yourselves, therefore, meddle not with them. What did Paul say? A good soldier doesn't entangle himself with the affairs of this world. For I will not give you of their land. No known, not so much as a foot breath, because I have given Mount Ser unto Esau for a possession. Esau is a type of the makebeliever, that firstborn of that union, though he was a twin. He's the first one. He's that type of our firstborn nature, that worldly nature that we have. And he said, I haven't given Canaan to Esau. I've given him this land that you're going to pass through. So he tells them very specifically, don't meddle with them. Don't try to settle down. Don't dwell here because I haven't given you the land of Esau for your inheritance. This this one, this firstborn, and it's very interesting if you study the histories of Reuben, Gad, and Manasseh, they're all firstborn of their mothers. That firstborn, ye must be born again. And only half the tribe of Manasseh fulfills God's desire that though you be of the firstborn. Though it's firstborn, you are to be born again, enter into that promise. You are to pass through and not settle because I haven't given you even so much as a foot breath. I said, I I don't even want you to get have this margin like an easement, some common ground that you can both share. He says, "No, I've given that to Esau for possession, but for you, I give you the promised land." Now, in Joshua 13:32, these are the countries which Moses did distribute to for inheritance in the plains of Moab on the other side of Jordan by Jericho eastward. This is the land that Reuben, Gad, and a half of Manasseh chose over what God destined for them. Think of this description now as they had received their inheritance on the east side of Jordan toward the sunrising. The Bible is very clear in these distinctions. Moses distributed for an inheritance even though God said, "This is what what I have given you." And in another place, it says the Lord did give them this by Moses, but what is it? It's his permissive will. He's allowing it. He's permitting it to distribute the inheritance. Notice these features in the plains of Moab on the other side of Jordan by Jericho eastward. In Jericho, it brings to us the image of a city that they were to conquer, first city conquered upon crossing Jordan. And what they would have done then to reverse course is to go past a reminder that God would vanquish all of their enemies within this land. Even in Joshua chapter 6 26, and Joshua adjured them at that time, saying, "Cursed be the man before the Lord that ra riseth up and buildeth this city Jericho. He shall lay the foundation thereof in his firstborn, and in his youngest son shall he set up the gates of it." Cursed be the one that builds this city. Jericho even represented that fullness of iniquity that it was God was just in judging it because their sins were so wicked and so great, something cursed. It's something forbidden. Don't build it back up. But notice how they settle like the nearest uh nearest city. The Bible says that they're they they're near Jericho eastward. They're on the other side of Jer Jordan by Jericho. keeps bringing this cursed symbol up before them. Genesis 15 12-6. I want you to catch what this destruction of Jericho would symbolize that God is taking wickedness and ridding the land of wickedness, completely separating out all unbelief, spewing out, vomiting out the inhabitants thereof. So in Genesis 15 12-6 is everybody doing good this morning? You're doing every You answer for everybody. I like that. Everybody's positive confession. You're doing good. You're doing good. You're We're all doing good. Uh oh, I'm starting to sound like one of those Bible churches. Uh those Bible churches. I I believe that God is with us. I'm feeling good today. And I know that you're listening. So, I'm not I'm not too much worried about how much feedback I get and responding. I know you're listening and very intent on this. I must have grabbed your attention um as I was told told that uh listening to me preach is likened to that struggle between the python and the alligator or something who were in these death throws. Anyways, I'll have to have my memory refreshed by brother Barry just exactly whatever kind of compliment that was, but I know it can be intense when you're listening. Now, notice this. This is very important scripture. Genesis 15 12-6. And when the sun was going down, a deep sleep fell upon Abram, and lo, a horror of great darkness fell upon him. This is a very significant moment in Abram's journey. And he said unto Abram, "Know of assurityity that thy seed shall be a stranger in a land that is not theirs, and shall serve them, and they shall afflict them 400 years." This is a prophecy to Abram that his seed would be slaves servants in bondage in Egypt. That's where it's fulfilled. So it's upon this prophecy that they built their uh expectation that God would take them out of this land of bondage. He said also that nation whom they shall serve will I judge and afterward they shall come out with great substance promise of an exodus. And thou shalt go to thy fathers in peace. Thou shalt be buried in a good old age. So now he realizes that it's not going to live this um this full time. But in the fourth generation they shall come hither again where to the land of promise inside these borders inside that promise that even very precisely in that western part of what God had promised Abraham he says when is this going to happen what's the point at which they're going to see this for the iniquity of the Amorites is not yet full in other words at the time when the wickedness is complete it's the fullness of sin unbelief has ripened in that land God is going to bring the children of Israel out of Egypt and they're going to enter into the land and God's going to judge that wickedness. I know there's a lot of types and patterns to even the time that we live in now where in Leodysia when it's as wicked as it's ever been, the darkest days there's ever been. It's a type of what happened in the days when Christ came when the the wickedness and evil in that day and it was a dark and evil day and God rose up light there in Palestine. Now we see it even in the Exodus the iniquity of the Amorites was full and that's the time that they would come to enter to the promised land. So it says they will I will distribute for an inheritance in uh an area that's by Jericho, a cursed city. That's the nearest uh symbol that God has destroyed wickedness in that land. And you want to live in a place that the wickedness still dwells. And it says in the plains of Moab. Moab was a land of idolatry, a land of ungodliness. It was a place that had been cursed by God, placed under a curse prophetically in Exodus. Numbers 24 17 and 18. Balam prophesying, I shall see him, but not now. I shall behold him, but not nigh. There shall come a star out of Jacob and a scepter shall rise out of Israel and shall smite the corners of Moab. He wasn't supposed to say this, but here Moab is is judged. He's being placed under curse and destroy all the children of Seth. And Edom shall be a possession. Say also shall be a possession for his enemies. And Israel shall do violently. As I was pondering this scripture last week and I was drawn to it because specifically this is where Moab is cursed. But then Balum even in his language here it says that there's going to be there'd be a time when Israel would possess even these greater borders because even these borders was in the original land that God promised to Abraham which was a much larger expanse but it wasn't the season. We are going to rule and reign the entire world. In the millennium, there's going to be a new heavens and new earth. But even in that new heavens and new earth, there's a b there's a boundary that certain ones can't cross, there's a there's a certain order. And so, even though we could take this as, oh, well, this land ultimately, it's all God's land. It's all God's creation. But no, God God has brought a division for a reason. Amen. And to disregard it, to mis apply the word, to take God's word out of context, out of framing, out of season, to misapply it is to change its meaning. But here, Moab is under a curse. Deuteronomy chapter 2:9, we've already read verses four and 5 where he says, "Don't meddle with the children of Esau, nor settle in their land because I give and say air to them as a possession, but you, I haven't even given you a foot breath in it." Verse 9. And the Lord said unto me, "Distress not the Moabites, neither contend with them in a battle in battle. We should take this to mind. Don't distress them. Don't vex them. Don't fight with them. For I will not give thee of their land for possession. Because I have given unto the children of Lot for a possession. He has given this land of the Moabites to the children of Lot." The children of Esau, the children of Lot. They have been given the land on the other side of Jordan or the wrong side of Jordan for a possession. So for Reuben and Gad and the halftribe of Manasseh to desire to settle in this land of the Moabites, it shows that what they wanted falls fall short of God's promise. They weren't trusting God's promise. They didn't see that God's promise in itself would would uh give them what they desired. Right? So they fell short of fully trusting as the Bible says that Joshua kept they had wholly followed the Lord. They didn't trust God's promise nor fully obey God's command. So they're choosing an inheritance. They're choosing a final resting place that is identified with Esau, with Lot, and most strikingly not Abraham. Right? Notice how he says, "I have given this land of the Moabites to Lot for a possession." All these that could claim this is our land. This is our homeland. Uh uh this my land is my land. This land is your land, you know, east of Jordan, you know, to this to that. And and they're all really really happy. And they all sing God bless Moab, right? Land that I love. This is the land that they have. But the land that God had given specifically to the seed of Abraham is not this land. Genesis chapter 19. I might have written 16 on this and I have 19 in my notes. So somebody fact checked me later uh on whether or not I think it's 19. It's verse 19 actually. But Genesis 19, not 16. And it says in verse 36, "Thus were both the daughters of Lot with child by their father." I want you to just look at Lot for a second. Genesis 19. So we know we're post destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah. This is the history. I'll tell you, this is the history of Moab. These are the countries that Moses distributed to Reuben, Gad, and half Manasseh in the plains of Moab. Who is Moab? What country is this? It's a land that God has given the children of Lot for possession. And the both the daughters of Lot were with child by their father. And the firstborn, there's your firstborn again, bear a son, and called his name Moab, the same as the father of Mo, the Moabites unto this day. So Moab and the land of the Moabites, has its origins in Lot. Moab is a son of Lot, Abraham's nephew. And there's a a meaning there's a certain meaning and symbolism attached to Reuben, Gadam, half Manasseh choosing the land of the Moabites as I show you here that Moab means seed of his father. So choosing Moab signifies something. It exposes this wrong desire. Now, we've taken some time in in series past to go through a number of places, just volumes of statements by brother Brandham where he identifies that Moab is associated with organized religion. Represents a denominational spirit, an organizational condition. Those man-made systems that keep the people back from going completely into God's promises. Those man-made systems that hold the people in bondage with this semblance of truth, but really holds them in bondage. So Moab, this land of Moab, you go studied out of the message, look at it scripturally, even in terms of what God called Ruth out of a a and what Orpa went back into was all that denominational thinking. And so the promised land was a type, a a type of the bride. The bride called into that. So Egypt represents the world, the wilderness, even the church. But the bride's to go all the way into go all the way into the promised land. So in type, Moab represents the natural church, the carnal church, carnal religion, political religion. Lot being the nephew of Abraham shows there's some kinship, some association there. They're not heathens, but they're really close to the truth. And Moab and Israel, as you see, even in the testimonies of Balum and the history of Balum and their worship, they may have understood one another's language, worshiped very similarly, had similar beliefs. Brother Bam said, "Israel and Moab were related. The Moabites knew the truth whether they lived up to it or not." Catch that. Moabites knew the truth whether they lived up to it or not. He says of the Moabites and does God change his mind? He says we find here that this carnal impersonation that Moab had, he saw this prophet among Israel that was able to bless, curse, lead and so forth. So he tries to match it by politics. That's what's taken place in churches today. They have tried to match it with some kind of system. So Moab is this this impersonation, this false twin. And it's the Bible is telling us that Reuben, Gad, and half of Manasseh were given an inheritance in the plains of Moab on the other side of Jordan by Jericho, eastward. They wanted to remain eastward of Jordan. This should tell us this is a falling away from the full word of God. Eastward we've seen in the scriptures type is a rel as a type of religion. It's a fabrication of God planting a garden eastward in Eden. It's an impersonation trying to set up a system that would look like what God set up in heaven. Try to set up a system, a carnal system of what God had ordained in the g in the garden. One of the phrases I was thinking of over and over again that's kind of inspired some of these prior services is it's a fictional faith. True. It's a fictional faith that they're trying to establish in Moab. It's a it's a mirage of belief. And this fictional faith is first seen in the acts of Cain in Genesis 4 where he builds what? An altar of unbelief. Not an altar of revelation, an altar of unbelief. And when Cain's worship is exposed as bloodless, given an opportunity to obey, he can't humble himself to the word of God. What does Cain do? He goes and he tries to build a system. Genesis 4:16. And Cain went out from the presence of the Lord and dwelt in the land of Nod on the east of Eden. Not is this. It's described. That word there means the land of wondering, commotion, exile, unrest, but it's east of Eden. Brother Brandham in the power of transformation says see how religious it was. It went around to the east side. So on the east of Eden shows it's a religious move. It's not a repudiation of God, not a rejection of God, not a rejection of the message, but it is something that's trying to stay very, very close, but it's all man-made, eastward. Notice that it says that the children of Israel, these nations, these two and a half tribes wanted to settle eastward. God was calling as the sun rises from the east to the west. God was wanting to bring it to a place of completion, a place of finality. They wanted to go back to something else because God had given the land of promise on that coast, that eastern border of the sea. They're wanting to move the margins a little bit. God said, "Not even a foot breath." So look at Genesis 13:es 10 to 11. This is where Abraham and Lot. And I know I'm just zeroing and focusing in very quickly on some of these stories because there's strife that had risen up between Abraham and Lot. And there's a hey well we can't we can't continue to be so close together. And so it's that strife that's going to bring that separation. And Lot is given the opportunity to choose. And Lot lifted up his eyes and beheld all the plain of Jordan that it was well watered everywhere before the Lord destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah. even as the garden of the Lord, like the land of Egypt, as thou comest unto Zor. Then Lot chose him all the plain of Jordan, and Lot journeyed east. Notice the separation that takes place, this religious shock, separating from the sea, and they separated themselves, the one from the other. Abram dwelt in the land of Canaan, the land of promise. And Lot dwelt in the cities of the plain and pitched his tent toward Sodom. Notice the nearness to this wickedness. But the men of Sodom were wicked and sinners before the Lord exceedingly. Can you see the image of the two and a half tribes? Now, when they began to look east, they beheld, as we'll see again here in a moment, I know I'm circling back to some of these things over and over again, they beheld the well-watered plains. where before the destruction and maybe the advent of the Dead Sea and the sea of salt that here they look and they see all these well-watered plains and grass and they choose this side east of Jordan. It's the same choice that Lot makes and he pitches his tent towards Sodom shows his inclination eastward shows his inclination towards wickedness. The Bible says the men of Sodom were wicked and sinners before the Lord exceedingly. And Lot by definition, the word lot means covering to envelop envelope. What was Lot doing? He was the wrong frame. He he he's covering something. His journey east is a religious has relig religious motives. It's a religious influence. Brother Brand, I mean, God hiding himself in simplicity. Says, "In the beginning, when man sinned, it showed the nature of man. He's always trying to hide from God and make himself a way that he can feel justified, a religion." That's been a religion. It means a covering. That's what Lot represents. Man-made belief, man-made theology, man-made movements, representing that lukewarm religion. Lot is the epitome of Leodysia. You have the unbelieving sodomites on one end, the elective Abraham on the other, and the makebelieving Lot right in the middle. The lukewrab doesn't mind getting as far away from it. And he's not going to go down and and Lot doesn't at this time doesn't seem like he's going to go into Sodom, but he's right there make believing. It's Le Oysia. This is what those two and a half tribes say in Numbers 32:5. Wherefore said they, if we found grace in thy sight, let this land be given unto thy servants for possession, and bring us not over Jordan. They make the same choice that Lot made. They fall short of the full word of God. And I believe I may uh I changed some things uh yesterday. Just realizing how lengthy this sermon might get and want to want to be sure that we have plenty of time for our fellowship this afternoon. Kind of implies that I'm capable of preaching to three, but that's not what I mean. But I don't want it to get too lengthy. Just maybe point to it. After they choose, these tribes choose to settle on the wrong side of Jordan, they're hardly ever mentioned again. Look them up. Try to find more history. There's a lot of nice uh strings and and different forms of things. People trying to explore the history, figure things out, make connections, figure out whether or not there's a lot of rich theology that argues that they made the right choice and that there was a reason in them doing this. But there's such a small mention of them. And two of the mentions are in one's in Deuteronomy. Actually, let me before I get there, let me just read from Deuteronomy chapter 18 and 19. This will tell us again how that they chose don't bring us over Jordan. The Bible says, "Thou art to pass over through air to the coast of Moab this day. And when thou comest nigh over against the children of Ammon, distress them not, nor meddle with them." I'm not re I'm not reading the same same verse that I read before. This is the third time in this chapter that he's saying, "These lands, these people, don't meddle with them. Don't fight with them. For I will not give thee the land of the children of Ammon for any possession, because I've given it unto the children of Lot for a possession. There's an inheritance for the children of Lot. There's an inheritance for the children of Abraham. There's an inheritance for Israel. There's an inheritance in Canaan. There's an inheritance in the promise, but there's this land. I have not given it to you. So, notice that these two and a half tribes are specifically saying, "We want a portion of Lot's inheritance, a covering." Moab means the seed of his father, the seed of a religious covering, the seed of man-made religion. And by doing this, they're cut out of the picture. Hardly have ever a mention of them again. They become insignificant. They become forgotten. One of the few mentions of them is in 2 Kings 10:es 32 and 33. And in those days, the Lord began to cut Israel short, began to cut them off. and has all smoked them in all the coast of Israel. Ahazio, and from Jordan eastward, all the land of Gilead, the Gadites, and the Reubenites, and the Manassites, from Orer, which was by the river Arnon, even Gilead and Bashon. God is specifically saying, I'm cutting them off. Going to cut off the land of Gilead from Jordan eastward. the Gadites, the Reubenites, the Manassites, these are going to be cut off in 1 Chronicles 5:es 25 and 26. These are one of the few mentions. There's some uh uh men of these tribes of Gad that were part of David's mighty warriors, but you'll find if anyone has a testimony, a real testimony in the Bible, they had to leave the Easter Jordan and make a name for themselves, right? be connected with the the the God in Canaan. We can see here that they were carried away and they were mixed through marriage with the heathen and they transgressed against the God of their fathers and went a whoring after the gods of the people of the land whom God destroyed before them. Think of what they were to do before. Do not defile the land. Leviticus says, "Do not defile the land." And God the God of Israel stirred up the spirit of Paul, king of Assyria. And the spirit uh the king of Assyria, I'm not going to list my way through that. Uh it sounds like a be a beer. Tilgath Pilzner. And he carried he carried them away, even the Reubenites and the Gadites and the half tribe of Manasseh and brought them under Halah and Habore and Harrah into the river Goan unto this day. These are the ones that are carried away. These are the ones that are destroyed. They're mixed among the heathen, the Assyrians, into these other nations. They weren't safe where they dwelled, become a mixed country. The the the history is that they would have been outside the promise. They would have intermarried. They their traditions and their beliefs would have been mingled with a lot of these other nations on the other side of Jordan. and to see what kind of nature they take on. We really want to expose uh kind of what's at the heart of this kind of unbelieving spirit. Next service hopefully we'll get into how that this attitude that they took was in the image and the spirit of those at Kadesh Barnea. So it's a spirit that's always wanting to stop short, right? It can experience certain things, have certain things, but it stops short. So if you go and read in in Mark chapter 5 or or Matthew 8 and also in the book of Luke, the story is told. But it says, "And they came over into the side of the sea into the land of the Gatherines, the land of Gad." It's on the the side of the sea that would have been east of the sea, east of Jordan. It's the land of the Gatherines, the place that the Gadites and the tribe of Gad had settled. And there Jesus finds one among the tombs and among the dead, one named Legion, who was possessed with many devils. That's right. And Jesus heals Legion in this land of Gad. And then verse 16 says, "The people round about they saw and they saw it and they run into the city and they run into the town and they run around and begin to tell." And it says they saw they that saw it told them how it befell him that was possessed with the devil and also concerning the swine. An interesting note that these Gadites who knew the truth but didn't live it, they're supposed to be Israelites, right? Why are they hurting swine, right? Why why would what what use would they have for it? They were entrepreneurial. They said, "Well, we're growing this for the other people who use it." I'm not doing the drugs. I'm just selling them. And so, there is this disobedience. They hear of the swine. They hear of the miracle. This man that they all knew that was possessed with the strength that was beyond human. He's cast out. And then Matthew 8:34 says, "And behold, the whole city came out to meet Jesus." Now follow this. They hear of their miracles, they go to meet him. And when they saw him, Matthew 8:34, this is important way. It's described. They come out to meet him. The testimonies, the miracles attract them. They come out to meet him. And when they saw him, they besought him that he would depart out of their coasts. They may be drawn to him. They may hear of something. You won't believe what just happened down in the tombs. You won't believe this happened. You remember this. You remember that. And there's this buzz. There's this thing. They come out to meet him. But then the the spirit of Cain, the spirit of Lot, the spirit of Esau, the spirit of the Moabites is resurrected in the tribes of Reuben, Gad, and half of Manasseh. And when they see Christ, they don't want him. and they ask Christ to depart from their borders. Catch that. Christ has actually come on the other side of the Jordan. Christ is on the other side of the sea. He's going out and he's manifest himself. He's declaring himself. He's revealing himself. But they don't want to have anything to do with it. And that's the spirit that that is associated with this attitude. It's always borderline, always just outside of the frame, always trying to move the focus. It's less to the core. Not all in, but not all out. They might want some of the works, but not the complete works. This is what Leodysa rejects when they kiss uh they kick Christ out of the church and give him a a Juditarian kiss. This is what that spirit of Pentecostalism that exists in that Leodysian age that doesn't want you to go further. That's what Pentecostal is. No uh nothing more, nothing less. Pentecostalism is either intellectualism or emotionalism that keeps you from going all the way into the full word. This is what they didn't want was Christ. Get out of our coast. Something had attracted them. They're drawn to it. But now in the final, they're saying, you know what? We don't want this. We're happy where we are, the way we are. Let's look at Deuteronomy 11:es 13-15 and then Numbers 32:es 1 and 5. Let's look at these together and go through this maybe side by side. And it shall come to pass, if you shall hearken diligently unto my commandments, Deuteronomy 11 13:14 and 15, if you'll hearken diligently unto my commandments, which I command you this day, to love the Lord your God, and to serve him with all your heart and with all your soul. That's those that hear. Not just having ears and not hearing, but hearing and obeying that I will give you the rain of your land in his due season. And the first rain and the latter rain, that thou mayest gather in thy corn and thy wine and thy oil. And I will send grass in thy fields for thy cattle that thou mayest eat and be full. They would have whatever they needed. corn, grapes, olives, grass for cattle. I was thinking about this. The things a land flowing with milk and honey. Could you imagine if you gave your children the choice? Would you want heavy whipping cream and honey? Would you want milk and honey or garlic and leaks? What are they going to choose? Well, help me out here. Milk and honey. Chase, what would you want? Okay. I'm kind of I like onions, but it's uni, right? Honey. They chose onions and leaks. That's what they wanted instead of milk and honey. Something's wrong somewhere, right? But this is what God promised. He said, "Promise them things." He said, "I will be there if you believe God's presence, provision, protection. We'll be with you. I will give you the first, the former rain, and the latter rain. You'll be able to grow your wheat. You'll be able to grow your corn. You'll be able to grow your grapes. You'll be able to grow your olives. And not only that, you'll have enough grass to feed your cattle wherein you'll have your milk and you'll have your you'll have your uh uh your meats. My what a promise. But at the very moment that this tribes of Reuben and Gad notice and then I want you to see it that's where it starts and it influences half the tribe of Manasseh. Verse one of Numbers 32. Now the children of Reuben and the children of Gad had a very great multitude of cattle. And when they saw the land of Jazer and the land of Gilead, that behold the place was a place for cattle. Just as Lot had looked at the very same plains and said, "These are well watered, lot of provision here. I'll take my flocks here." They're now acting in the very image of Lot. and they see this and instead of remind remember remembering what the messenger said instead of recognizing that there was going to be a whole new field opened up that they realized that there was going to be the revealing of Christ and this new land of the son of man opened up and that there they would have all these things rain former and latter corn wine oil you name it salvation divine healing signs wonders miracles all in that land they stop and they see something that will suit what they have. And they say in verse 5, wherefore said they, if we found grace in thy sight, let this land be given unto thy servants for possession, and bring us not over Jordan. Now, let me ask you this. Did they believe what God said? When God said, "I will give you rain for your land and grass for your cattle," did they just not believe him? Or was it they didn't want the consequences of it? Remember, the rain for their land and the grass for their cattle would mean they'd have to accept the full word of God. It would change things. Might not look as good and welcoming as the other side. The grass was greener on the other side in this case. It was already there. They didn't want to look at a barren field and trust that God would send his word and by the word bring forth fruit. That's the question I'm posing today. Did they just not believe God or in their heart of hearts did they not really want him? Did they not really love him and asked to settle outside the full word of God and the word only because they didn't want the consequences of taking God at his word fully trusting and obeying. And this has great significance to the time you're living in now. Very tremendous symmetry. Appropriate, applicable. I know for some of us you may think, well, it seems like I'm picking up a theme on some of the things that brother Aaron's teaching on these last uh year or so. And I would say that absolutely there are things that are going on h around around the message that are designed by Satan to distract us to take away from the message that God sent us that we have a message. It was complete. It was perfect. We're not looking for something else to happen uh uh to unfold uh uh uh to to point us to Christ or to do something. It it it's come. It's happened. It's finished. Now, there's a people that are to take that message and fully possess the land that's been given them. And there's a spirit that wants to drag us back to something else. Keep us on the wrong side of the promise, going back to the things that had been done before. Live in the glare of another age. And and if and if you haven't been touched by that, I thank God. I'm always very reluctant to bring things up that might expose us to things going on and if we have nothing to know about it a and it's never been mentioned before. I've had conversations with brothers uh that I admire that I I look up to and would want them to minister but because of the things they have a tendency to try to bring up. I say, "Hey, my people don't need to hear that." I said, "Well, I I don't know that that's something I do." Okay. Well, you do. But there's a a man of God is commissioned to block so things out of your so far away from your mind that when these things come up, try to split families, try to lead people astray, you say, "Wait a minute, wait a minute, that's not the word of God." In Revelations 22 17 to 21, I want to read this again because I want to just use this to bring it down to the day that we're living in now. And the spirit and the bride say, "Come." The bride are saying what the spirit said. Come. not stop short. The spir spirit said, "This is the land that I'll give you for an inheritance." And the bride says, "I want it." The bride is placed in that land. And so she says that the spirit says, "Come." This is the land of promise. Let him that heareth say come. And let him that are thirst come. And whosoever let him take the water of life freely. This is not just a tasting. This is drinking it in, eating it up. And then it says, for I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book. If any man shall add unto these, God will add unto him the plagues that are written in this book. If you shift the focus, you say, "Well, that's the land plus Pentecost plus whatever it is they call it these days, redefine what the the true revival is for the bride of Christ. If any man will add to these things, he's adding to himself the plagues. And if any man shall take away from the words of the book, we can't take away. Can't go into something where we start cutting uh dividing the atonement in half. If you take away from the words of this book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part of the book of life out of the holy city and from the things which are written in this book a lot of layers to that and what are we taught the words of that book are him different ways it's described and all that is all that is in there is the believer the book of redemption that marriage certificate your identification that's what this book is so if you take the promised land and you take Canaan and say this is where God said he was leading all of his people and then you just try to try to add to it a little bit right say well but it also included this you're adding too but then to try to take it away and narrow it down to just a sliver or to this you are taking to adding adding to or taking away from the words of the book we're living in a time Revelations 10:7 that the mystery of God is to be finished amen The opening of those seals is the mystery of God that's going to be complete. Brother B said he will now fulfill through his bride that work which he left for this specific time. There's this invitation at this time to take the book and eat it to possess it. Amen. God's hidden mystery. The complete works will be revealed will be manifested. He says Christ revealed in his own word. The complete body of Christ is revealed in the form of a bride. The full word born into manifestation. It's the complete works. That's the time that we're living in now. It's not itchy ear theology. It's not emotionalism, not intellectualism. It's the reality that God is framing a bride for a rapture. In that land was where that resurrection was going to be. Joseph said, "Don't bury my bones. Don't leave them in Egypt. I want to be there in that land of resurrection, that land of promise. I'm going to compl a complete work. Philippians 1:6, being confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Christ. Perform it. Well, I know when we say perform something there, there's if it's a performance, we might think theatrical, we might think art or or a play, a a piece of music. He's going to perform it. It almost has this ongoing sense. He's going to keep working, but it means to perfect it. It's going to finally come into completion. He which has begun a work in you will complete it. In the day of Christ, he's going to finish it. Hebrews 12:2 says that he is the author. I He's the author. He's the one that wrote it and finisher. He's the author of our faith. He's also the complete, the finisher of our faith. The God who wrote the Bible is the author, the creator of your faith, and he will be the one that will complete his work. You're part of this complete work. Psalms 138:8 says, "The Lord will perfect that which concernth me. Thy mercy, oh Lord, endureth forever. He will perfect you." Amen. He will do it. You know, it's fine right now if we just accept that in my flesh dwelleth no good thing. that I am I'm not good enough. My righteousness is filthy rags. My mind struggles. I make mistakes. My body gets sick. I'm weak in all these things. But he which hath begun a good work in me, he will finish it. He is the author and the finisher, the perfector of my faith. The Lord will perfect that which pertains to me. So therefore, I cry out, "Oh Lord, endure, forsake not the works of thine own hands." Amen. Forsake not the works of thine own hands. You are a work in progress. You are the works of his hands. For whatever reason, those two and a half tribes stop short of the promise. Whatever they r whatever their rationale was, whatever was working within each one of those leaders minds to say, "We're not more. We're not able to take it. I don't know. The ground doesn't look good. I'm afraid that our cattle are going to die out here. We're not really olive farmers. we're not really we this is a better place for us whatever the reason was. They settled outside the picture. And I want us to be so confident that God's going to finish this not for one moment will we let go of the promise. Brothers, if you could come to your instruments in the statement from the events made clear by prophecy, brother Brandham said, "It's the complete body of Jesus Christ and in Christ being the male, the groom, the bride is represented in him also and these two are one. At that day you'll know that I am in the father, the father and me and I and you and you and me." He says, "What a complete picture." And the true believers in this word who accept it that way believe it and with patience wait for its prophesied promises every one of them to be manifested in its age. That's what we need to do. Don't get nervous. Don't get worried. Don't fret instead of doubting what the prophet said. Instead of doubting God's promises and trying to be a revisionist and say, "Oh, well, maybe it means this and maybe it means that." Just because things get slow down or things aren't happening like we think they should, God is testing us. Take me at my word. Believe that all things are possible. True believers will accept it, believe it, and with patience wait for it to be manifested in its time and in its season. Amen. The complete works, which you are a part of. You're the completion of this mystery. If Christ is the mystery of God revealed, you have become the mystery of Christ. The mystery of God finished complete. God in the beginning who was invisible made himself fully manifested in son now fully manifested in you the bride to complete the picture. where we may be weak, where we may be anxious or nervous. 1 Thessalonians 3:10, Paul said of th them night and day, I'm praying exceedingly that we might see your face and might perfect that which is lacking in your faith. Lord, I believe. Help thou my unbelief. Lord, perfect what is lacking in my faith. when I ministered on uh unbelief the first service in these few services about uh what is sin and it's unbelief [Music] and it had a deep impact with some of the ones that I fellowshipped with it it really resonated even with me because I in my heart even for myself I want I want to take God at his word even in my moments of weakness or my past mistakes, I still want to believe God's word. That those have no power, those things have no power over me. That if it be chronic illness, by his stripes, I'm healed. If it be a frequent uh uh uh discouragements, he's my joy. And not ex except for a moment that any one of those things have to become a permanent uh uh uh bondage to me. that any one of those things have to become something for me to fear and instead of looking at it from the standpoint of well if you do this and I think this could become real for a lot of us if you do this that's an attribute of sin that's an attribute of unbelief and therefore convince ourselves that we're unbelievers convince ourselves that faith is more than enough and that I have I recognize that that thing is what I need to overcome and it's the evidence of unbelief But faith is the victory. Unbelief is not the victory. It's not going to have power. It's not greater than my faith. And so though I might see something that seems to be a stronghold, I give myself over to it. It's a weakness. That faith is the victory. And that I've got to have confidence that greater is he that is in me than he that is in that world. Greater is he that is in the promise. Greater is he that is in you than that the Moabites, than the Lot, than the Esau. Say, "Well, I got an Esau in me. I got a lot in me. I got a Moabiti in me. I've got these struggles. I got these weaknesses. God is greater. And that in Christ, you're more than a match for it. That this is what if that's what you need to overcome and you keep falling and you keep falling. You keep falling. That's the attributes of a misapplying faith. [Music] So you have faith and you need to perfect what is lacking in your faith and you need to believe that God in you has o already overcome it. Amen. It's dead. It's defeated. It's on the wrong side. It's been spewed out of the lamb. If you land, if you have been led into Christ, if you're in this promised land of the baptism of the Holy Ghost, then fight for every inch of ground. No Philistines are allowed in here. No Moabites, Ammonites, uh you name it. Not allowed in there. Find yourself fight with them. Wake yourself up. Say, "No, I'm not going to settle on the wrong side of Jordan where all the wickedness has been spewed out and now dwells. I want to get into Revelations 4. I want to come up a little bit higher. An entrance has been ministered unto us. I want to go all the way into the full word of God. And I want to believe that Christ has already overcome all these things. I believe for it and I'm going to hold on to faith. Amen. Fight for every inch of ground because that's what you are. You're a believer, not a makeeliever. and bring under subjection even as Paul says that there was given to me a messenger of Satan to buffet me but grace was sufficient. You might have a lot of thorns. We might have a lot of have a lot of necessary evils in our lives but don't ever don't ever let them make you think you're a makebeliever. Don't ever let them poke you to the point to where you'll settle on the wrong side of the promise. Have that kind of bulldog faith to take God at his word and believe whatever it is. If it's deliverance, if it's healing, whatever it is, believe for it cuz that's what's going to take for a rapture is to keep believing. God bless you. Let's stand today. I believe we'll be very soon going into our fellowship and our lunch. God is so good to us. Let's bow our heads in a word of prayer if we could. My prayer for myself is Lord perfect that which is lacking in my faith. Your word doesn't lack. Your faith doesn't lack. Perfect what's lacking in my attitude, my approach, my spirit. Lord, perfect anything that may be lacking. If that's your prayer, you could just pray together. If you have a need today, just lift your hand before the Lord. He sees your heart. He knows your need. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, today as we bow our heads and our hearts before you. We thank you for your kindness towards us. The graciousness with which you inhabit our lives. We don't feel bullied. We don't feel defeated. We don't feel that we're inconvenience in you. Lord, I was pondering it even this morning, Lord. how the Bible says you go everywhere or brother Brandham taught that you go everywhere you're invited even if you're not welcome and Lord have we invited you but not made you welcome and Lord if we made you unwelcome you just you sit there like a [Music] wallflower but Lord I'm so thankful for the ones who come to your feet and and they pour out their tears and they anoint your feet and they begin to worship you and their lives are so fragrant that it reminds us of what's valuable and what's true and Lord is set instead of sitting a far off as a Pharisee or a scribe or a priest and criticizing I want to join that one at your feet today. I want to choose that good part which will not be taken away from me. And I want to sit at your feet. I want to drink of the waters of life freely. I want to rest in your presence. I want to trust you for all things. Lord, if there be in in us a wicked heart of unbelief, Lord, that shadow in our minds, that ghost of our past that would cause us to look at the promise and say, "You're not able to do it and not believe you." Or would cause us to look at the promise and think the cost is too great. To fear the consequences to maybe want the blessings without the true presence. Forgive us, Lord. Forgive us, Lord. We love you today. We're so thankful for your presence. Be with us now as we fellowship, as we're together. And these moments that we have may seem to be a lot of activity here at the beginning of the year, but as the heat wears on, we'll subside in some of these afternoon gatherings. So, may we enjoy it while we have the opportunity, Lord. We love you. We ask all this in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
