################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-30 - Unwrapped - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-11-30
Title:   Unwrapped
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-jhJzSKu_c
========================================

Description:
Unwrapped
Sunday Service: November 30, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Luke 2:ES 1-12. And it came to pass in those days that there went out a decree from Caesar Augustus that all the world should be taxed. And this taxing was first made when Sirenius was governor of Syria. And all went to be taxed, everyone into his own city. And Joseph also went up from Galilee out of the city of Nazareth into Judea under the city of David, which is called Bethlehem, because he was of the house and lineage of David, to be taxed with Mary, his espoused wife, being great with child. I want the homeschoolers to diagram that sentence before next Sunday. And so it was that while they were there, the days were accomplished that she should be delivered. And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger, because there was no room for them in the end. And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flock by night. And lo, the angel Lord came upon them, and the glory of the Lord shone round about them, and they were sore afraid. And the angel said unto them, "Fear not, for behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people. For unto you is born, unto you is born. this day in the city of David, a Savior, which is Christ the Lord. And this shall be a sign unto you. Ye shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger. Amen. You may be seated. I'm just going to give you my title very quickly. And some of you are probably already wondering, did Brother Aaron just skip uh the the next few weeks and he's already preaching his Christmas sermon? And not that, but we're going to lean into it a little bit. Everybody else has already uh been listening to Christmas music for two weeks and uh and all the decorations have been up since Labor Day, but um so we might as well uh address the elephant in the room. It's Christmas season, but we do want to begin to look at this as sometimes we do seasonally, the birth of Christ. Uh the saying is Jesus was born on Christmas day. That'd be like saying you were born on your birthday. Uh that the day that Christ was born is the day that he was born. though they it may not have been December 25th and there's a lot of evidence to suggest that it wasn't we still uh recognize that there was a day that Christ was born. So we are kind of looking at some of those things and my title I'll come to it here in a moment where we introduce this more uh deliberately is unwrapped. So if you want to get that down uh before we continue uh the the title is unwrapped. This is kind of a foundational sermon for the last uh few sermons that we'll be preaching this year before the year ends. And I'm looking at as we have all year long through this subject of art. I've been looking at what Christ looks like. Uh how does he what does he look like today? And it was what was inspired to me originally is thinking about how there was a time when the artist is who we relied upon to know what a period looked like, what something felt like or what was happening. You needed a writer to write a story. You needed a painter to paint a picture. Uh now we can just record it as it's happening and as it is and you can interpret things as you see it for yourself. But if you were going to know uh what a king looked like, his portrait was painted for others to see him. If you wanted to know what the city would look like, someone would paint that or maybe they would describe it through words. So, we have been thinking about what does Christ look like today? What is this that representation? And so, as we have a few more services before this year is over, several more services, I want to begin to look at the portrait of Jesus Christ, even thinking what do we see? What does he look like? What do what are we looked at to understand who he is and and how he appears? In Psalms 27:4, this is one of the original scriptures we begin to use at the beginning of the year. One thing have I desired of the Lord, that will I seek after. I believe for two years now as we spoke on the house of the Lord, this was very prominent. That will I seek after that I may dwell in the house of the Lord all the days of my life to behold the beauty of the Lord and to inquire in his temple. Very uh it sounds like David knows what he's looking for that he has some idea of what he wants. This one thing have I desired and desire in this one thing. I'm going to seek after this thing that I desire and it's to dwell in the house of the Lord. Not just momentarily but all the days of his life. Then they say to behold the beauty of the Lord. He wants to see he wants to gaze upon he wants to take in God's beauty and to inquire to seek to to uh to investigate to examine in his temple. So the question could be or this is the question I want to pose as I was thinking about it this past week is what is David referring to when he says that I want to behold the beauty of the Lord. What was he thinking? How how could that beauty be seen? What was it that David was expecting uh to do or to see when he did it? How would he seek uh and how would he see beauty? In verse 8, Psalms 27:8, I think I actually had of a typo here. May maybe I don't. It's just in my notes. Good. I got it right here. But in my notes, I typed 26, but it's 27:8. What? When thou saidest, God said, "Seek ye my face." My heart said, I want you to recognize how this is something in his heart first. Something God's word spoken, then in his heart, his heart said, "Thy face, Lord, will I seek." So, it had to be something first in his heart. The word is spoken and then something in his heart responds, "Lord, I will seek your face." So having first been instigated in his heart, then he can have this expectation of seeing his face and then when he sees his face, it'll answer to what was in his heart. So to seek, it's more than just a a passing glance, but he wants to I want to behold your face. I will seek your face. Now, this is um an interesting proclamation by David to say, I want to behold the beauty of the Lord. And that God would say, seek my face. And then David says,"Well then your face will I seek." Because in Exodus 33 18-23, Moses says,"Lord, show me your glory." He wanted to see, remember the radiance of one's countenance, the light of one's countenance to the face and what it represents and to behold his face and how it declares presence and character. So he says, "Show me your glory." He said, "I want to see who you are." And he said, 'I will make all my goodness, God said, pass before thee, and I will proclaim the name of the Lord before thee, and will be gracious to whom I will be gracious, and show mercy on whom I will show mercy. And he said, "Thou cannot see my face, for there shall no man see me and live." Now, I want you to think about this in light of what David wanted to do. David is saying, "I want to see your face. I want to behold your beauty." And then God says, "Seek my face." And God is telling him, "Seek my face." And David says, "Well, then your face I'll seek." But to Moses, he said, "No man could see it and live." &gt;&gt; So if you say, "I want to see the face of the Lord." You say, "Man, do you have a death wish?" Because it would mean death to do so. &gt;&gt; And the Lord said, "Behold, there is a place by me, and thou shalt stand upon the rock, and will cover thee with my hand while I pass by, and I'll take away my hand, and thou shalt see my back parts, but my face shall not be seen." I I mentioned this just to think just to get you to think more deeply about what David is asking for when he says,"I want to see your face. I want to behold your beauty." And so the Lord says, "Seek my face." And my heart says it happens in the heart. Your face then will I seek. I will seek your face. And there's a time when God is saying if you you can't see my face. To see my face is certain death. But yet David is wanting to seek God's face. So what did it mean when he said, 'I want to seek your face.' I know for us, you say, 'Well, let me let me see your face. Then we we expect to see someone's face and and physical features and and for it to be pronounced in a certain way that we know, I'm looking at their face. I'm not looking at the back of their head. I'm not looking at their foot. I'm looking at their face. So what did it mean to David? He says, I want to behold your beauty. Did he expect to find a physical person behind the veil and there he'd be standing and he could look at his face and he could touch him and he feel them? What was David expecting to see? How was this going to happen? Then we've been reading quite a bit this uh these last couple months in 2 Corinthians chapter 3 18. [clears throat] But we all with open face beholding as in a mirror as in a glass the glory of the Lord. So we're going to see Christ. We're going to see his face. the glory of the Lord. This is what David wanted to behold. The beauty of the Lord. This is what he was to seek after. This is what Moses asked to see. This is what God said, "No man could see me fully and live. But now he says, we see in a glass the glory of the Lord." And by that image, we're changed into the same image from glory to glory, even as by the spirit of the Lord. So gazing upon, beholding, seeking and seeing and not just glancing at it, but really taking it in this unobstructed view of his face will bring out the same image in us. If we're only seeing him in partial light, we can only express in partial light. If we are only seeing him in partial character, we're only going to develop impartial character. But as he becomes unobstructed, as he can shine in his fullness, the more that that can impact us and change us. I I want to make reference to this and so I will since I want to I will I have always enjoyed kind of those introd and so I would like to deal with this for a moment and so I will and because I would like to I'm stuck in a loop but today in the time that we're living in now our our attention and appreciation is stretched so thin imagine how many times a day you have to say you like something or follow something or thumbs up something or write back to a really really really long heartfelt compliment K, right? You have to respond so you just say K in lowercase and uh and so there's we're just stretched so thin and there seems to be not that um we have an attention deficit. I was looking into it and studying it. There's some Has anybody heard uh about the study that said the average human attention span is 8 seconds? Has anybody heard that? We immediately think about the rodeo. Well, it's they've misconstrued the studies and you could probably thank Microsoft for that. But it's not that our attention spans have decreased, but really what it is is that we have so many distractions &gt;&gt; that we have the ability uh to focus. We have it's more than 8 seconds. But what it is is that there's other things we can move on to. &gt;&gt; There's other things begging our attention and and there's other things that are trying to get in the way. And so there's an infinite number of distractions. That's why I advocate for if you're going to read your Bible, do it on this. If there's a popup notification when you're reading this, it's called Revelation and it comes from God, right? Like you don't have to worry about, oh my goodness, Drake just dropped a new album, right? And shame on you for getting that notification. But there is a certain uh representation. there's a certain distraction and certain things that press in on our attention a a and and try to grab us and so we have the capacity to give focus to things but there's attention and even our appreciation is being stretched so so thin &gt;&gt; don't know if anybody of you took her class when you were at Harvard but the professor Jennifer Roberts she's teaches art history at Harvard and uh brother Anthony you're thinking man how many Harvard grads are in this church. Um, have you met all the doctors here yet? Uh, she has a requirement in her art history class for her students to choose one work of art. It could be a sculpture, could be a painting, but it has to be a work of art and spend three hours looking at it. And she calls it and it the concept is called immersive attention where you slow down and you wait. The New York Times kind of piggybacking off of that a couple years ago came up with spend 10 minutes looking at this and I signed up for the notifications like what a great idea and now for the last two years I've been notified of dozens of pieces of art that you're to spend 10 minutes looking at and you could probably add it all up and I haven't spent 10 minutes looking at all those pieces of art. &gt;&gt; But it's to slow down. The Bible says be still and know like you just don't know. &gt;&gt; But you have to be still first. &gt;&gt; Be still. calm yourself, slow down and know that I am the Lord. And so this cont context to immersive attention is that you slow down and wait. And this professor made the comment that I thought was extremely enlightening. Every external pressure, social and technological, is pushing students in the other direction toward immediacy, rapidity, and spontaneity. &gt;&gt; And this is what our young people are facing and our youth, our children. This is what the next generation is being immersed in. is not attention, but rather immediiacy, things being very, very quick, the spontaneity of things. And it's an external pressure socially and through technology that's pushing us away from slowing down and waiting, &gt;&gt; being still, and knowing to the immediiacy of something. And what this connects to and where the danger is, because remember, I'm not uh I'm not giving the cliff notes for an art history class. I'm speaking about spiritual things. And when David said, "Your face will I seek, &gt;&gt; I'm going to seek after." God said seek my face. He didn't say see my face. He said seek my face. And there is and that there must be uh some gazing upon beholding. We all beholding in a glass are changed. That there is this common misconception that vision is immediate. That when we see something it's just this it feels very simple. It feels direct. It feels instant. But there's uh be something being available instantly by sight doesn't mean it's instantly available to your consciousness. &gt;&gt; Because we see something that's so instant and our eyes and the way that the optics work, it's just fascinating. I think if you just studied the eye or even the ear and to think that that just evolved uh that takes more faith to believe that uh than it does to believe that a higher power supernatural god designed it and it was the architect of it. But there is this misconception that well because I see things instantly I know things instantly. But that's not true. In any work of art there are details and orders and relationships that take time to perceive. So we could say just because you looked at something doesn't mean you've seen it. &gt;&gt; Just because you've looked at something doesn't mean you've seen it. &gt;&gt; Access is not synonymous with learning. Just because you have access to something, anybody ever heard of the Kodak effect? And how many of you can have all your a bunch of phone numbers memorized? Well, the Kodak effect is that if you take a picture of something, you're least likely to retain it in your memory because your brain tells you there's a photo of it &gt;&gt; and you know that it's been cataloged. It's been archived. And so, we have 1.2 Brazilian screenshots in our phones of things that we want to remember. And and then we how many and some of them are duplicates because we keep saying, "I want to remember that. I need to remember that." And so the Kodak effect is that YOU'RE NOT GOING TO ACTUALLY retain it because it's recorded somewhere else. And so having access to something doesn't mean you understand it. &gt;&gt; Having having these things available doesn't mean learning. And so I I really want to challenge you to give sincere uh attention to this principle of seeing seeing Christ. So today my title is unwrapped. If you if you wrap something, it's enveloped. And I want you to even take in this image as we've used it here. And to wrap something is to surround it or to cover it as we see here presented in this picture. It's this fine cloth that's used as a cover. And I'm using an image of what would be a a a type of Japanese textile art where ferroshokei ferah feriki I'm not Japanese ferosiki it's this art of wrapping gifts in reusable cloths and so in doing so there are certain things that are represented even in the cloth and it holds symbolic meaning it means that you've cared for this you've shown respect I've always felt very very bad for my wife when it comes to Christmas time because she is just an expert, a professional in wrapping gifts. Everything's neat and clean and beautiful and there's ribbons and there's name cards and then all her gifts look as if you know I wrapped them, right? Just folded over and duct taped and put in a grocery sack. Uh and so there's but when you take time to wrap a gift that that means something to itself and in this Japanese art it's actually considered part of the gift because it represents it's symbolic. The wrapping becomes symbolic &gt;&gt; because it is part of the gift. So in Luke 2 6 and 7 it says and so it was that while they were there the days were accomplished that she should be delivered. Mary having received conceived by the Holy Ghost the Messiah Jesus the son of God that was to come into the world. It says she brought forth her firstborn son. Think about the the portrait that's being painted. We we we are not seeing it ourselves. So we have to allow the writers to kind of paint this picture through the use of their words. And she brought forth she gave birth to Jesus her firstborn son and wrapped him in swaddling clothes and laid him in a manger because there was no room for them in the end in her firstborn son Jesus Christ. We know according to scripture we could even use John 3:16 that God gave his only begotten son. This is God's gift according to prophecy, according to scripture. And as this image of the birth of Christ is painted, we see these different elements. She brings him forth. She wraps him in swaddling clothes and lays him in a manger. In Psalms 127:3, it says, "Lo, children are inheritage of the Lord, and the fruit of the womb is his reward. Heritage is an inheritance or a portion, a share. Reward is even a a wage paid or something given. Children are a gift from God. It's even why I when the woman Eve said, "I have gotten a child from the Lord." It's not that the child was born of God, but rather all life comes from God. And so she wrapped, notice this picture, this portrait of the birth of Christ. She wrapped in swaddling clothes Jesus and laid him in a manger. These are important details to the observer. We're not just being told Jesus was born on this day. We're being told details. Why would God even want these details shared? Because just as the wrapping should give some indication of the care and the respect and the thoughtfulness a and in this in in certain cultures, the wrapping is actually part of the gift that is reusable that signifies something here. Christ is wrapped &gt;&gt; in swaddling clothes. Ezekiel chapter 16:es 1:5 again the word of the Lord came unto me saying son of man cause Jerusalem to know her abominations and say thus sayith the Lord God unto Jerusalem thy birth and thy nativity is of the land of Canaan and thy father was an Amorite and thy mother an Hittite. And as for thy nativity in the day thou was born thy neaval was not cut. So think about how uh descriptive this birth is. Neither was thou washed in water to supplee. Thou was not salted at all, nor swaddled at all. It continues to describe this abandonment, this rejection at birth. None I apped thee to do any of these unto thee to have compassion upon thee, but thou was cast out into an open field to the loathing of thy person in the day that thou was bore. That's quite a shocking statement in giving this representation the word of the Lord saying this is the abominations of Jerusalem. You have been cast aside by your father and mother. You've been disregarded. You have not been cared for. And it references these simple acts that would have been taken place that were traditional that all babies would have received at the time of their birth. Their uh and biblical cord would have been cut. Thy naval was not cut. you were washed or so you had been washed with water and then actually salted. These are all things that would be done to a newborn and then swaddled as even the the scripture refers to as she brought forth her son and swaddled him, took these strips and and wrapped him and snuggled him close. This is something you would do when you gave care. There's a lot of history and tradition. Uh, and brother Brandham makes reference to it quite a bit that and so he said it was written somewhere and he read somewhere that she just had to use what was available that perhaps it was a rag that had been used as a buffer between a a yolk on an oxen and the oxen itself. So there's a lot of imagery and a lot of things you could think, but we could say for certain that as a mother, she would have wanted to wash him, salt him, and swaddle him and give care to him, to pity him, to have compassion, to nurture him. And as Christ is born, this is something that's just been I I've been kind of tracking this down and trying to see this as much as I possibly can. The the glory of God in Jesus Christ is found in his similarities to humanity rather than his differences. This is what's becoming more and more profound to me. You say, "Oh, well, he was conceived of a virgin h and he brought forth." But then you say, "Well, that's none of us have come that way, but he's still come. He's born just like all of us were born." &gt;&gt; And so here in this instant of his birth, it's not much more different than any others. And it's these similarities that reveal the mysteries of Christ. So as we have opportunity maybe through the next few services, I'd like for us to view Christ from different angles to do so with more depth. See this picture of Christ and even his birth. Because the Bible says in 1 John 3:2, "Beloved, now are we the sons of God." And it does not yet appear what we shall be, but we know that when he shall appear, we shall be like him, for we shall see him as he is. To me, this fits perfectly with we all with open face, beholding as in a glass the glory of the Lord, are changed into the same image. That as he makes himself known, as he reveals himself, we can become what he's revealed. That's that's how that you receive salvation is he reveals himself to you as a savior. When he reveals himself to you as a savior, you become saved. When he reveals himself to you as a healer, you become healed. And so we shall be like him when we see him as he is. &gt;&gt; And it's not just this sight being available to sight, but it being available to our consciousness to be still and know &gt;&gt; where we give some sort of immersive attention. We we consider it. We look at it. We find it. We find where he is. And I'm saying being satisfied that oh Christ is revealed in his word or oh Christ's presence is felt in church or these things are true about Christ that there's a way that we would look into it to discover him and to know him so that we can be changed to be like him. So just as this time as Mary has given birth to the Messiah, she takes him and she wraps him. The Bible in Luke and this account in Luke says she wraps him in swaddling clothes and lays him in a manger. Then in verse 8 it says, ' And there were in the same country shepherds abiding in the field keeping watch over their flock by night. There's a lot of uh rich symbolism here. And lo, the angel of the Lord came upon them, and the glory of the Lord shone round about them, and they were sore afraid. And the angel said unto them, "Fear not, for behold, I bring you good tidings of great joy, which shall be to all people. For unto you is born this day in the city of David a savior which is Christ the Lord. The hopes of a thousand generations was spoken in this one sentence. All the hopes of Abraham, all the promise in Isaac, all the aspirations of the priesthood, all the representations and forms AND SYMBOLS OF THE SACRIFICE and the temple. This is what identified Israel. And in one sentence, the angel saying, "It's finished. It's it's here. Everything you've longed for, everything that makes you who you are that you've why you wanted to be in Palestine, why you CLAIM THIS AS YOUR PROMISED LAND, WHY YOU CLAIM TO BE DIFFERENT PEOPLE BECAUSE UNTO YOU WILL BE BORN A savior and here he is born and you should think about all these incredible promises that are going to be that are mentioned of him. So it says, "And this shall be a sign unto you." Because if you put yourself in the shoes of these shepherds who would have been uh at least understanding and knowledgeable of these great promises of the Messiah said, "This shall be a sign unto you." I think this is the angels now recalibrating their expectations because we're going to see the Messiah. And there may have been certain expectations according to their tradition, what they're going to see. So it says, "This is how you're going to know it's him." And listen to what's so remarkable. You shall find the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes lying in a manger. Wait, what? A a a hollowedout uh dwelling for animals, maybe out of a cave. I I I'm going to find him lying in a manger. I'm going to find him wrapped in swaddling clothes. In other words, he wouldn't have looked much different. Maybe the location seems odd, but given the time period and the influx of people, maybe it would be expected that not everyone would have lodging. As people begin to travel more, there's more and more ins that were open and different ways that people were welcomed in to stay at other people's homes. A and so that might have been understandable that at this time of increased travel that some not everybody would have a place to stay. So he SAYS, "YOU'LL FIND THEM WRAPPED IN SWADDLING CLOTHES LINE in a manger." And he says this is going to be a sign to you. It's a contrast. I believe that the angels say this. It's going to and say this because there's going to be contrast between the expectation that they would have had according to prophecy and the reality according to the fulfillment or the fulfillment of the reality of it that all these things and THESE PROMISES OF A MESSIAH COMING. BUT NOW THAT HE'S COME what did they expect in Micah 5:2? But thou Bethlehem Epherta, thou though thou be little among the thousands of Judah, yet out of thee shall come forth unto me that is to be ruler in Israel. Here's the promise of the Messiah. Here it's happening in the city of David in Bethlehem Epherta. Here comes the ruler OF ISRAEL WHOSE GOING FORTH HAVE BEEN FROM OF OLD FROM EVERLASTING. You're going to find a ruler who is go whose ways have been old FOR OLD H ALWAYS BEEN AND will always be AN ETERNAL EVERLASTING ruler and you will find the babe. Notice just how much it's going to be a sign to you. This is what you're expecting, but this is what you'll find. So many scriptures we can use in Isaiah chapter 9 verse 6. For unto you a child is born. almost mirroring exactly what the angel said that I bring you good tidings for unto you is born this day Christ for unto us a child is born unto us a son is given this is the gift of Jesus Christ this is the wrapped gift of God YOU'RE GOING TO FIND A BABE ONE day and the government shall be upon his shoulder you're looking for a mantle you're looking for a royal robe you're looking for a scepter of righteousness you're looking FOR POWER IN HIS NAME SHALL BE CALLED WONDERFUL. Some translations render run wonderful counselor. I like to think that this is a nod to lawyers counselor. WONDERFUL COUNSELOR. THE MIGHTY GOD, THE EVERLASTING FATHER, THE PRINCE of peace. Think of this royalty that is being given being attributed. The picture that's PAINTED IN ISAIAH 9, THE PICTURE PAINTED IN MICAH 5. BUT NOW WHEN IT'S BEING FULFILLED, THE WRITER BEGINS TO PAINT THIS PICTURE OF MIND AND HE IS WRAPPED in swaddling clothes lying in a manger. This will be a sign unto you. You will find the Messiah laying as a child, a baby, a newborn, wrapped and swaddled as any other newborn maybe common newborn would be lying in a manger. And suddenly, it says in verse 13, "Suddenly, there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host praising God, saying,"Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, goodwill toward men. And it came to pass as the angels are gone away from them into heaven. The shepherds said one to another, "Let us go even, let us now go even unto Bethlehem." Now, um, just bear with pray for me. I, um, hurt my back this past week or triggered. I'm 50 years old, so every day is just like walking on thin ice. You never know when you're going to sneeze and not be able to straighten yourself back up. And you're thinking, man, at 50? Yeah, 50. Goodness gracious. So, I'm having uh pain and spasms right now. So, if all of a sudden I twist into a pretzel, it's not by way of miracle, it's by way of sciatic pain. I think they was originally someone trying to spell psychotic pain the psychotica and they misspelled it and it became sciatica. It says let us go even now go even unto Bethlehem and see this thing which has come to pass which the Lord hath made known unto us. So God has a way of making something known unto you. because it has been presented to you audibly or visually because there's something that you can begin to conceive IN YOUR MIND. NOW, LET ME GO SEE. The psalmist says, "LET US TASTE and see." There's something a more immersive experience that he wants you to have. AND THEY CAME WITH HASTE AND found Mary and Joseph and the babe lying in a manger just exactly as the angel said. They found the Savior, Christ the Lord, wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger. And when they had seen it, so now they've seen it with their own eyes. Some may HEAR THE ANGELS PROCLAIM, "THERE IS A SAVIOR BORN IN BETHLEHEM AND HE'S WRAPPED IN SWADDLING CLOTHES AND HE'S THE MESSIAH." AND THEN THEY IMMEDIATELY TAKE THE ANGEL'S WORDS FOR IT AND THEY RUN OUT AND they tell everyone what's happened. But these shepherds had this instinct TO SAY, "LET US GO AND SEE. DID THEY NOT HAVE EVERY reason to believe that the report was true? Because immediately when they're told that the babe is born, this is the Messiah, HE'S WRAPPED IN SWADDLING CLOTHES, AND he's lying in a manger, and then all the heaven is filled with these hosts singing glory to God in the highest. THE SUPERNATURAL WEIGHT OF THAT, they could have immediately uh posted on X. They could have immediately begin to uh send reals out on Instagram or I don't know if IT'S FAKE. I DON'T know who does the reals and who does what. I know Snapchat does snaps. Do you do Instas on Instagram? Do you do grams on Insta or milliliters? I There's all these different things. I I'm just saying that somehow someway they're publishing these things without having seen it. But they go to see it. &gt;&gt; And when they had seen it, this is verse 17. When they had seen it, they made known abroad the same which was told them concerning this child because they now there's been something that they seen. If I could go ahead and get ahead of myself a little bit, that there was truth in the proclamation that to that presented to them this truth in this image. But now the image had been unwrapped, &gt;&gt; it was no longer just words. It was no longer description. But now when they went and they had seen it, now they saw the swaddling clothes. They saw the manger. They saw Mary and Joseph. They saw the scene. They're able to they're able to take in much more than just the truth of what the angels had said. They went and told everyone told the saying abroad and all that they had heard it wonder and all they that heard it wondered at those things which were told them by the shepherds. But Mary kept all these things and pondered them in her heart. And the shepherds returned glorifying and praising God for all the things that they had heard and seen as it was told unto them. Think how wonderful that is is that the angel of the Lord tells them what is and they are picking up what he's laying down. So they go see what he said. Can we not put ourselves in the same boat that there's a lot of things maybe that could be said even if you just take it as a an angel of the Lord who would preach the gospel and the gospel's preached like that's nothing but the truth. But do you realize as the truth is preached and it's available to you in your ears and in your mind that you want to see that for yourself? &gt;&gt; That there's an opening up and an unfolding of the word of God to you where you can now be immersed in that. &gt;&gt; For they had seen what they WERE TOLD. THEY SAW MICAH 5:2. They saw Isaiah 9:6. They saw him as he was. not prophecy, not even history, but in a present reality. &gt;&gt; Now, I I I could say this today, we're not going to see him wrapped in swaddling clothes line in the manger. But to them, the present reality of the Messiah was just that the pictures painted by the prophets could have easily been misunderstood. Surely, it was, as you could see, that he came unto his own, and his own received not. despite all the many prophecies that he's fulfilling, many of them were not known until it had been fulfilled. Could be said that for shepherds to find their Messiah in a manger wrapped in swaddling clothes could have uh as one one writer put it, scandalized them. That I've believed I've believed in the Messiah. This is what I believe. And then someone grabs them and says, "Hey, come here. I want to show you something. You believe in a Messiah?" and they say, "This is your Messiah right here." And they say, "That's that fulfills Micah 5. That fulfills Isaiah 9:6. This is the fulfillment of it." Oh, what is this anyways? What is it we've been promised perhaps even to the point to where they said, "Well, this is the way it looks like. I don't want it." Would have lost their faith and confidence in it. God sends this great vindication and the angels warned them ahead of time what to expect, what to look for and how to know him because it would have been very difficult otherwise for them just to kind of be moving the herds through Bethlehem that day. And someone nearby saying, "Man, did I think the Messiah was just born in that carved out cave over there with the oxen and the sheep and the goats and all that. That woman over there just gave birth to the Messiah." Said, "Yeah, buddy. I don't know what you've been drinking." But they were told ahead of time. And it was in this humility and this simplicity that he came in. And the angels are telling him ahead of time, don't look for something so great. Don't don't expect a certain veneer or certain uh sheen to be put on this. See it for what it is. Think about this over the next few weeks and during this time of year just how that when Christ was on earth, he distinguished himself more so by his humanity and his humiliation than he did even by his miracles. He distinguished himself by being relatable yet being the son of God. And so in Isaiah 53:es 1:3, this is maybe a different side as we read about one who is a ruler in Israel who's going forth from old and from everlasting and the government is upon his shoulder. His name's wonderful counselor, mighty God, everlasting father, prince of peace. You would expect to see somebody well represented, something who when you see it like, oh my goodness, what a heartthrob. It says, "Who hath believed our report and to whom is the arm of the Lord revealed? WHO HAS FAITH, WHO BELIEVES, and how to whom has God's power been revealed and made known. FOR HE SHALL GROW UP BEFORE HIM as a tender plant. This is the Messiah, and as a root out of a dry ground. He hath no form, nor comeliness. And when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him. There's no appearance. There's no spectacle. The thing that is seen is not like thumbs up. There's no immediate heart. Love that. Retweet &gt;&gt; when you see it. It's It's mute. Not interested in this post. Block. Leave on red. There's no beauty that we should desire him. He is despised and rejected of men. A man of sorrows acquainted with grief. Now, now I'm seeing a different picture of this ruler of Israel. I I I'm seeing now even in his beginnings wrapped in swaddling clothes lying in a manger. Well, you would you would maybe you would see a babe wrapped in swaddling clothes. So, it speaks TO JUST THIS COMMONALITY of him if it was in fact these uh rags that were used uh in the care of animals AND THAT WOULD DEBASE him even the more so. BUT THE FACT THAT HE'S BORN WITHOUT A HOME, WITHOUT A WITHOUT A PLACE OF CARE, LYING IN a manger, maybe laying in a trough or something, a crib used for animals, perhaps a place for hay. Here he is being described, despised, and rejected a man of sorrows, acquainted grief, and we hid, as it were, our faces from him. You notice now how it says, "Seek my face." And then the the reality is people don't want to see it. They actually hide their face from it. This is this is where you begin to think of being blocked, right? And you can't see what someone posts. This is what we do. We want to block it. We we we don't want to see it. We don't want to know. I want to I I I removed myself from the Christ group chat. This is not something I want to see. We hide our faces, as it were, from him. He was despised and we esteemed him not. The prophecy foretold that Christ would be rejected. Rejected as not having any attraction, not something you would want to gaze upon. But it's actually, and I think we've all had that a feeling before where you see something and you turn away. I can't remember it, trypophobia or something like that. I've tried to trigger it before with some of my slides. It's where you see all those little dots and everything. Anybody have that? Anybody? I know. Yeah, I can see somebody can relate to. I know my family's got it. And I never I had never felt it before, knew what it was. But one time I bought uh my wife some flowers and uh and presented them to her and all of a SUDDEN SHE WAS LIKE AND I'M LIKE, "WHAT? WHAT? WHAT?" SHE WAS THE BACK OF THAT LEAF. It creeped me out. And when I looked at it, it creeped me out. Me I just was overwhelmed with this overwhelming fear like it's aliens, right? And it just looks so weird. You didn't expect it to see it on the back of a leaf. AND YOU'RE LIKE, I CAN'T look at it. And so we kind of have this trope in our house where we'll grab we'll grab something, say, "Elizabeth, Elizabeth, mom, mom, mom, look at this. Look at this." And she go, and that's what IT IS IN CHRIST. THERE'S SOMETHING REPULSIVE ABOUT HIM. We turn away. So it's not maybe maybe there's a lot there's a lot in the way that he's wrapped. Maybe there's ways that he presents himself. Maybe there's things that are seen where we might not want to look into it because we're afraid of what we'll see. &gt;&gt; So, you're going to have to overcome that and say, "I'm going to risk it all and I'm going to look at it. I'm going to look into Christ. I I I've heard the controversy. I heard the rumors. I've heard the what may be truths, may be lies. I've heard all the ways that it's tried to be made controversial and repulsive and ugly. But I'm going to risk it. I'm going to look at it because I want to see it for myself." &gt;&gt; Someone may say, "Don't look at it. It's ugly. Or are we talking about Christ? Are we talking about the Bible? We talking about truth? Maybe it's worth looking into yourself. &gt;&gt; Matthew chapter 16 15 to17. Jesus has said, "Who who do men say that I am?" Well, some say you're this, some say you're that, and have all these different idea ideas. And Jesus says, "Well, who do you say that I am?" And it's Simon Peter that answers in verse 16, "Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God." This is what Peter had seen. This is what Peter is experiencing. This is what he believes. He's following. And it's important to note that Peter is not just basing this on physical observation through his through his own metric. Thou art the Christ, the son of the living God. He's not just repeating maybe what he heard the demons say when they were cast out of his mom. He's not just repeating what Jesus said, but he says, "Blessed art thou, Simon Barjonah, for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee. You have not simply gained this understanding through sight alone, but it has been made available to your understanding, your consciousness by the father which is in heaven." &gt;&gt; He had been revealed by the father. It was not the natural eye that saw the attraction, but it was the heart that was responding to the witness of the father. &gt;&gt; God revealed it to his heart. The Lord when you said Lord seek my Lord said seek MY FACE MY HEART said your face will I seek when Peter said thou art the Christ THE SON OF THE LIVING GOD IT'S NOT BECAUSE HIS EYES said it or his mind said it BECAUSE HIS HEART RESPONDED TO THE WITNESS OF THE FATHER &gt;&gt; WHEN THE SHEPHERD SAID THIS IS TO TO YOU who's been born THIS DAY THE MESSIAH LYING IN A MANGER IT'S NOT JUST BECAUSE THE ANGEL HAD SAID IT BUT THE EYES COULD RESPOND IT'S NOT BECAUSE THE EYES SAW IT BUT THE HEART COULD RESPOND RESPOND TO WHAT THE ANGELS had said and they could see the perfect picture. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; I've been wrestling this out. Just not sure how to completely unpack this, but I'll just make reference in Galatians. Paul makes a statement. I don't have it today and I kind of pushed it off till maybe Sunday where it pleased God to reveal Christ in me. He says so was in the revelation is in you first. So there's got to be something in you in order to see and express or appreciate. If I can say this, you can't appreciate beauty unless there's some sort of internal sense of beauty. Some people are possessed with and and the word possessed may be can used any way you want. Possessed with the unique ability to see tones and hues in paint colors that the average person cannot see. Like that's a beautiful cream. Not too green. Oh, okay. This is another This is a beautiful cream. Not too yellow. You're like, "What? Okay. All right. This is a perfect cream. It's called perfect cream. No green, no yellow." Yeah, but there's a little bit of blue. Okay. All right. And but they because it's there &gt;&gt; and they have some sort of internal ability. For all the the colorblind brothers out there, you you say, "Hey, all I see is brown and green in the inverse." But there's a way that there's these things are because it's in you. It's in you then you can see it. &gt;&gt; How is it we know what kindness is? &gt;&gt; Because we have some internal sense of what kindness is. &gt;&gt; And so this internal revelation that Peter had unveiled his eyes to see the beauty in the reality of Jesus the present reality of Jesus Christ. So here something internal is opened up for him to see what everyone else sees but he sees it differently. &gt;&gt; So well who do men say that I am? Some saw all these other things, a false prophet, be elabub, ELIJAH. BUT SOMEHOW PETER'S able to look at the same picture, SAY, "THOU ART THE CHRIST, the son of the living God." And Jesus saying, "You didn't figure that out on your own, but there was some greater depth given to you because something unlocks in your heart and now you can see what other people can't see." &gt;&gt; John 14 6 to9. I think we've read some of these here recently. I I think I'm losing track of time here. And um I don't know if I'm going to have time to finish this. So let's uh John chapter 14 6-9 Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life. No man cometh unto the father but by me. If you had known me, you should have known my father. So now Christ is unveiling something. He's here. Christ is standing there and you say he is the way, the truth, the life. So say when you see him, do you know the way? Do you know the truth? Do you know the life? You've seen it. Visually, you've heard it audibly, but have you been able to actually see it? &gt;&gt; Just because something has been visually appreciated, have you been able to internalize it and truly appreciate what it is? So often we could use this. How many times you said, "Did you uh that did you repeat what I said or did you see that?" And you say, "Yeah, I saw it." And it's like, "You saw that?" And that's all that you don't have any particular response to that. "Yeah, I saw it. What was it? What was this? It was that and the other." It's like, and that's normal to you. Like that picture was normal. Like, yeah. It's like, look at it again. Like, I'm looking at it say, "Do you see this?" And you see that? You're like, "Oh, okay. Everything changes now." &gt;&gt; Like, "Oh, this is not what I thought it was." He said, 'If you'd known me, you'd know my father, and from henceforth you know him and have seen him. You see, this is what he's saying. Here I am. You've seen him, but do you know him? He says, 'But you have known him and seen him because I've revealed him. SO PHILIP SAYS, LORD, SHOW US THE FATHER AND it sufficeth us. He's getting it, but he's not getting it because then Jesus says, "Have I been so long time with you, and yet hast thou not known me, Philillip? He hath he that hath seen me hath seen the father? And how sayest thou then show us the father? If you've seen me, you've seen the father. Again, think of this capacity to see and to know. Be still and know. And not just merely the the effects of the visual acuity, but there's actually more that takes place where it's now consciousness begins to absorb it and take it in that I'm not just uh seeing something. I'm not just looking at it. I've looked at it. It's been looked at. But now I'm seeing it. Looking at Christ, you can do with the natural eye. And I say this to us as believers now today that if there's a present reality of Christ, we can look at it with the natural eye. We can see with the natural eye, but then the heart is still bound. The heart is still wrapped. The consciousness, the understanding is still held back. Who do men say that I am? They were saying what they saw with the natural eye and their interpretation what the what the way they interpret it was filtered. So their hearts were wrapped. Jesus continues in verse 15, "If you love me, keep my commandments and I will pray to the father and he shall give you another comforter that he may abide with you forever. Even the spirit of truth whom the world cannot receive because it seeth him not neither knoweth him." But ye know him, for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you. Now notice this. The world doesn't see him, but you will see him. This isn't looking at him. This is seeing him. I know I'm just using maybe semantics, but to make the point that some can look at something and not see it. What are you looking at? I'm looking at Perfectly Cream by Benjamin Moore. And what and okay, I see that. What do you see? Perfectly cream. But somebody else is saying you've looked at it, but someone else is looking at and they look at it in the light and they say, "I'm seeing perfectly cream with some hints of green. There's more there's more light. There's more thought given to it. There's comparison. There's contrast. But you shall see him for he dwelleth with you and shall be in you." Now there's the key. I will not leave you comfortless. I will come to you yet a little while and the world seeth me no more, but ye shall see me. The world may look upon him, but they won't see him. &gt;&gt; There there's are manifestations of his presence. There's truth being fulfilled. The world will look on it, but it will not see him. But you shall see him. Because I live, ye shall live also. And at that day you shall know that I am in my father, and ye in me, and I in you. &gt;&gt; There's that centering principle. He that hath my commandments, and keepeth him, he it is that loveth me, and he that loveth me shall be loved of my father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him. The manifestation is the scene. We can look on him, but when you see him, he's manifested himself to you. Judas saith unto him, "Not a scary Lord, how is it that thou will manifest thyself unto us and not unto the world?" He's asking the real questions. How is it that you're going to be seen of us and the world can't see you? What What kind of glasses are you giving us? What kind of filter are you giving us to where now we could somehow see you infrared and we could see you when nobody else can see you? It's a good question, isn't it? &gt;&gt; How is it you're going to make yourself known, but you're going to do it in a way where nobody else can see you, but we can. Jesus said, "It's given unto you to know the mysteries of the kingdom." &gt;&gt; So, he knew there was going to be some dynamic in some way. If a man love me, he will keep my words, and my father will love him. And we will come unto him and make our abode with him. I in you, and you and me. He that loveth me not keepeth not my sayings. And the words which you hear is not mine, but the fathers which is which sent me. These things have I spoken unto you, being yet present with you. But the comforter, which is the Holy Ghost, whom the Father will send in my name, he shall teach you all things. It's the inside teacher, the inside revealer, &gt;&gt; and bring all things to remembrance whatsoever I've said unto you. So you have the word spoken, the word written, but now the internal witness of the Holy Ghost that can give you the correct interpretation. Because think of this, we when it comes to the picture of Christ, you are not the creator of it or the critic of it. &gt;&gt; But you will be an interpreter of it. &gt;&gt; You will be one that gazes upon it and looks at it and processes what it means. What does it mean to you? What is it you see? And so you'll have an inside comforter. If beauty can be appreciated because there's some internal sense of beauty, then there's this internal unveiling of Christ that allows him in his present reality to be seen and he will teach you all things. This is what Jesus is saying in chapter 14. Notice what he says in chapter 5:es 37 to 40. And the father himself which hath sent me hath borne witness of me. Ye have neither heard his voice at any time nor seen his shape. Once again, the Lord says, "Seek my face." And David said, "My heart said unto me, your face will I seek." And that's my desires. I want to behold your beauty. I want to see your glory. I want to look into your face. But then he told Moses, "You can't look into it and live." And now he's saying, "You've never heard his voice at any time, nor seen his shape." But he said, "When you've seen me, you've seen his the father. &gt;&gt; When you've heard me speak, you've heard his voice. And you have not his word abiding in you. for whom he hath sent him you believe not. You realize if I could put it this way those are two different groups of people. Those that are looking right at him and he says you haven't even seen him. Those hearing him says you hadn't even heard him. But then others when he says you both have seen him and know him. So then and he says you don't have the word abiding in you. And and I want you even think in terms of election. If you're ordained to truth, you can't outrun it. &gt;&gt; God God ain't gonna pick you to lose you. &gt;&gt; If you're ordained to truth, you're going to have to come to it. Now, you can choose a really hard route &gt;&gt; if you want, but God's not going to give up on you. He's not going to stop. &gt;&gt; He's going to chase you down. He might let you go a route that's really, really hard, but he's looking at you and he's watching. He goes, "That's a that's a tough detour, but I'll use that. Oh, that's gonna that's going to be some hurting, but I'll use that and he'll get you eventually. &gt;&gt; So, he says, "Search the scriptures, for in them you think you have eternal life, &gt;&gt; and they are they which testify of me." &gt;&gt; That's the they them I believe in. &gt;&gt; Search the scriptures, for in them you think you have eternal life, and they are they which testify of me. &gt;&gt; That's the original pure they them. them they and you will not come to me that you might have life. So where did he want them to look? Where were they going to look? He told them to search the scriptures. &gt;&gt; It's beautiful to us because we don't have the privilege of Jesus of Nazareth sitting in their midst today. We do not have the benefit of the physical Messiah appearing amongst us and and now at least being challenged in a in a much more tangible sense to look at someone performing miracles and multiplying bread and multiplying fish and raising the dead and walking on water. And in our minds, we're thinking, "Oh, well, I I'm challenged with all these things and all these sensory inputs and I and I'm seeing all these things and I've got to interpret it." But really, we can look into the word and Jesus Christ is revealed through the portrait that's painted in the Bible. &gt;&gt; So he tells us we can search the scriptures. In Luke 4 16 to 21, it says, "He came to Nazareth where he had been brought up. And as his custom was, he went into the synag synagogue on the Sabbath day and stood up for to read. And there was delivered unto him the book of the prophet Isaiah. And when he had opened the book, HE FOUND THE PLACE WHERE IT WAS WRITTEN. IF I COULD SAY THIS, HE FOUND THE PLACE WHERE IT WAS WRITTEN OF HIM. &gt;&gt; The book is delivered to him. It's wrapped. IT'S ROLLED UP. &gt;&gt; HERE'S THE SCROLL SEALED UP. ROLLED UP. WRAPPED UP. AND WHAT DOES HE DO? HE OPENS THE BOOK. &gt;&gt; AND HE FINDS IN THE book where it's written of him. AND HE SEES HIMSELF IN THE SCRIPTURE. HE SAYS, "THE spirit of the Lord is upon me because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor. Heath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives and the recovering of the sight to the blind, to sit at liberty them that are bruised, to preach the acceptable year of the Lord. And he wraps it back up. WHY? BECAUSE THAT part had just is being unwrapped before them. &gt;&gt; He closes it up because the next parts pertains to another coming. And he gave it again to the minister and sat down. And all the eyes of them that in synagogue were fastened on him. And he began to say unto them, "This day is this scripture fulfilled in your ears. unto you this day is born in the CITY OF DAVID A SAVIOR CHRIST THE LORD AND YOU WILL FIND HIM. This will be a sign to you. There he will be lying in a manger wrapped in swaddling clothes. &gt;&gt; But now we see this Messiah sitting and standing in the synagogue opening a book where it was written of him. Search the scriptures for they testify. They paint the picture. They give you the prophecy. Says this day this scripture is manifested before your eyes. This was their opportunity now to look at the picture. They're not the creators of the portrait, nor are they the critics of it. They must look at it and see if they can what do they see? What's revealed unto them? The sermon pride, brother Brandham said, the scriptures all tied together. I I want to read this because I think this is important for us to recognize this mechanism of what's in our heart. this spiritual eyesight, importance of the new birth, the Holy Spirit quickening this teacher on the inside. He says scripture is all tied together. How the Bible means so much more than it speaks if we can only have the Holy Spirit to interpret it for us. We only read it as we look down upon it. This is such beautiful poetry. We only read it as we look down upon it. You can look at the word. But he says, "But oh how the Holy Spirit says,"Child of mine, you are looking into my face." Now, when you look into this Bible, this is what I want you to know. &gt;&gt; We can read it, but have you read it? Oops. Don't go there. Reddit can be a very dangerous place, but you've you've you've you've looked at it, but do you see it? And may the Holy Spirit take the word of God today and deliver it to every heart just as we have need. and may we fellowship around the word. Now, he says, "Inspire us." This Bible has been wrapped with so many different denominational wraps, &gt;&gt; right? It's been interpreted and commented on and distorted and twisted. It's being more and more turned into even by devout believers in the scripture, it's being turned into an analogy of how to live. We don't have to take it as being actually happening. The the walls of Jericho didn't actually fall down. It's analogous of the difficulties that we face whenever we enter into the place that we're called to be by whatever divine power is leading you. We all have Jerichos, right? There's no literal walls. The the walking around just speaks of perseverance and endurance and and it's done to kind of just GIVE THIS IMAGE. CHRIST IS JUST AN ANALOGY. It's the hero arc THAT YOU FIND IN ALL other religions of sincere people and it's being watered down. But this Bible is Jesus Christ. It contains and it holds if I just look at it. If I just look at it, I'm not going to see it. But the Holy Spirit can reveal to me Jesus Christ in this book. &gt;&gt; But it's been so bound what it needed to become as a new book. In 2 Corinthians chapter 3 15-16, but even unto this day when Moses is read, the veil is upon their heart. When Moses is read, in other words, when the Bible is read, there's a veil on their heart. They're reading. It doesn't mean they don't know how to read. &gt;&gt; Doesn't mean they don't look. Didn't mean they didn't see Christ, but there was a veil on their heart so they couldn't see. Nevertheless, when it shall turn to the Lord, the veil shall be taken away. When you see him as he is, that means something's been removed. &gt;&gt; Something's been unveiled. When our hearts are wrapped, when our hearts are veiled, it keeps us from seeing what we're looking on. Jesus was wrapped in swaddling clothes lying in the manger. And the very things that wrapped it, the angel said, "It's a sign." That the sign, the wrapping itself was symbolic. The wrapping itself was to mean something to them. It was to signify something. Did anybody know what time I started? Anybody brave enough to tell me? Was it 10:30? I don't know. I I I mean, you're not playing that game. I mean, you could say, "Well, brother Aaron, you've been preaching for an hour and a half." And and we just stop right there. But in the sermon, we have seen his star and have come to worship him. And brother Bram's preaching this on December 16th in 1963. He says, "Today we have a great big present. When we have a great big present, we wrap it up." And he says, "Take $3 to wrap it up." Well, don't we adjust that for Biden's inflation. He says, "But then we put all kinds of tinsel on it." And many times you think it's a great present. So you you you buy something and now what you've bought. Now, I think this speaks to um the the the childlike expectations that we have, right? If you give your kids one gift, you can open one gift. One gift on Christmas Eve. And what do they want to open up? The biggest one, right? And it's a, you know, a Dallas Cowboys trash can or something like that. Like, can I open another one? But this is a 32gallon trash can. I know it's the biggest one, but I don't want this. There's something about the wrapping the paper big and we're going to put all kinds of tinsel. We're going to jazz it up. He says, "You think it's a great present." And he tells a story how he saw these two sisters standing in a store. They were related to one another and the store talking to each other and he said, "What are you going to get daddy?" The one sister said, "I'm going to get him a deck of cards and a carton of cigarettes." And the other one said, "I got him a fifth of whiskey." which I have read that a fifth of whiskey can significantly decreases the awareness of a heart attack. It's true. Don't you think? Wouldn't it? Yeah. I got him a fifth of whiskey and I'm going to wrap it up. And brothers, listen to say, "Well, what kind of gifts are these? WHAT DOES THIS REFLECT ABOUT DAD?" That guy was a character. &gt;&gt; Cigarettes, a deck OF CARDS, AND A FIFTH OF WHISKEY. THAT'S THE UNCLE you want to come over for Thanksgiving. This it it spoke something about the one who's RECEIVING THE GIFTS AND WHAT HIS DAUGHTERS THOUGHT ABOUT HIM. &gt;&gt; It'd be like a you know, your kids's buying you a coffee maker and you're Mormon. But he says the TINSEL ON THE OUTSIDE DOESN'T DECLARE WHAT'S on the inside. Dress it up all pretty. Isn't this beautiful? Isn't this pretty? But inside's a fifth of whiskey. Death. But God has got a Christmas present for you. He wrapped it in a manger. The outside wasn't very much, but oh, the inside is eternal life. I kind of summarize this statement by saying the wrapping can be deceiving. Because the way the world wants to dress up its gift, we might humanly say, "I want it." Based upon the wrapping, when what you really want isn't wrapped in things that are instinctively we reach for the glitter, the glow, the the the glamour. And he makes this statement. Will you not let this phenomena of the Holy Spirit strike your life tonight and lead you to the eternal light? Wow. Will you not let this phenomena of the Holy Spirit? There is no such thing of us having some sort of group creed that we all can just recite and we're all in. individually. You must have the phenomena of the Holy Spirit strike your life &gt;&gt; where you said unto me, seek your face and my heart said flesh and blood hath not revealed this unto you but my father which is in heaven and it gives you the inside teacher so that you yourself can look into the word and say Lord show me &gt;&gt; who you are. &gt;&gt; We could be challenged to say well I wonder if this is true. So what we're going to do we're going to ask AI We're going to ask. We're going to search the forms. We're going to go. We're going to try to compile these things and tell me whether or not it's true. Do you believe there's a Holy Spirit? &gt;&gt; Do you believe you have the Holy Spirit so you yourself can look into the word of God and say, "Lord, I want to see you as you are, and you can stand upon the Lord leading you to eternal light." &gt;&gt; What I'm preaching is Christ unwrapped. He was wrapped and swallowed in clothes on the days of his birth. And if we were to find the Messiah today, we wouldn't find him in a manger. That day that we read about it in in Luke 4, he was in the synagogue opening the book. And so, symbolically, he's going to present himself to you as a babe wrapped in a manger. And that he he must be unwrapped before you to see that in there behind this humble wrapping is Christ eternal life. that he is in his word and you search the scriptures but it has to be unbounded. It has to be unveiled. Has to be opened up to us. Christ when he was born of course he came forth naked but he was immediately washed maybe even salted wrapped in swaddling clothes and nurtured. He was cared for. But one day that Messiah was hanging on a cross. Musicians, if you'd come in John chapter 19, it says that they took his garments. I know the depictions often show him with the loin cloth so that he's not entirely naked. And though the debate on this is quite rich where some say, well, to the Jews, uh, it would be shameful to be naked and so Christ would have never been stripped naked. But then you find in the Bible that in the most extreme punishments of the man, he was to be stripped naked when he was stoned. And so then you find in other places where they say, "Well, the the the Jews were the ones that were calling for this, not the Romans. The Romans stripped him naked, but the Jews were wanting to do this." And listen, he was stripped naked. What was taking place there in John [music] 19? It says, "They took his garments and parted them." Let us rend it that the scripture might be fulfilled. and they parted my raignment among them and for my vesture did they cast lots. [music] is quoting Psalm 22. He says, "I they tell all my bones. They stare upon me with all my bones. I'm naked. I'm laid bare." What was happening? The Messiah that was wrapped was now being stripped, laid bare. And it's even at that moment, the veil to the temple is being torn. All symbolizing this unveiling he's lifted up before them. There he hangs between two malifactors. They part my garments among them. They stripped me, laid me bare and naked. And what was he? He was a sign. Just as he was a sign, laid in a manger, wrapped in swaddling clothes, now unwrapped, hanging on the cross. And I believe that we have to see Christ in his word. Look at the picture that's painted of a savior born on Christmas day. Look at the picture of the savior standing in the synagogue opening up the scroll. Look at the picture of him hanging upon the cross. Can you see Christ revealed in his word? When brother Brandham wrote the church age book, he says, "I'll give you a sign." God said, "Not the sign of a white collared priesthood. Not the sign of wealth AND POWER. THERE'S NOTHING IN THIS SIGN THAT YOU'LL want or think suitable, but it is an everlasting sign. It is the greatest sign of all. Let me hear about this ruler. Let me hear about this wonderful counselor. Let me think hear about this mighty God. Paint the picture for me, [music] prophet. Paint the picture for me. Micah, Isaiah, paint, paint the picture for me. Let me see him as he is. Jehovah standing in the courtyard, bruised and bleeding with thorns on his brow and [music] spit on his face, mocked and said it not. Jehovah despised and rejected, hanging naked upon the cross, while the hypocrites jered and dared him to come down off the cross. Jehovah dying, Jehovah praying and nothing happening. Then Jehovah died. That is the sign for all [music] men now. There isn't another like it. It is the great one. What was he unwrapped, unveiled before [music] our eyes to see him? Here he is. Will you receive him? I don't know if I want a Messiah THAT'S DYING ON A CROSS. I don't know if I want HIM WITH ALL HIS CONTROVERSIES and all his all this ugliness. Well, what are you looking with? Should we not as Christians, should we not as believers, should we not as people who claim to have Christ on his eyes, should we not look at him and desire to see what he is and say, "Lord, open up my eyes. Lord, I want to see. I want to see for what you are. What is the picture of Christ? How can he become beautiful to us?" And I think what he needs is just as he hung on that cross that day and was unwrapped, our hearts need to be unwrapped. Unwrapped to be raptured. Unveiled to see his face. Christ could be standing amongst us revealing himself, but as long as there's a veil on my heart, [music] I can look at him and never see him. I know we got a lot of ideas in our minds sometimes of what we think the way things are, but could you even risk it to say, "I'm if it's true, Lord, I'm willing. If this Bible's true, if if if you died, whatever the truth is, if you're willing to say, I want to look at it and I want to [music] risk it being true." We should do that. If we want to see Christ unwrapped, if you need something from the Lord today, I encourage you to look in his face because he [music] says, "Seek my face." Does your heart say, "Your face I will seek." Could we stand to pray? Let's do so together. your gracious heavenly father today Lord through the length of this sermon tried to present the thought that you've really impressed upon me [music] over the last couple months maybe even this whole year of how these portraits of Christ that the gospels paint and how they can be dissimilar how each one of us have different experiences [music] and different viewoints voids. But what do we see? David said he wanted to behold the beauty of the Lord. You said, you said, "Seek my face." But then you said that if I I could if I saw your face, I wouldn't live. You said it to Moses. So then what is it we look at? Truly, Lord, right now, if we knew that you spoke to us and said somewhere in the forest of Eastern [music] Europe, the Messiah is standing there, that you were there, and you said, "Go see us." That [music] if we knew that was you speaking to us, we'd go. But according to prophecy, according to scripture, Paul said that we would behold you. And it's [music] this unveiling, this revealing of Jesus Christ to us in us. That's the promise to a gentile, to the Jews. You would come, a messenger would be sent before your face. There'd be a physical Messiah. That's what you promised to the Jews. And yes, Lord, you've promised that you will meet us in the air, that we would return with [music] you. you would step foot on earth again in the millennium and we would rule and reign with you for a thousand years. Yes, [music] there is going to be a physical glory. But in the meantime, you promised to reveal yourself in [music] your word. I don't see you hanging on a cross with my physical eye, but [music] could you, Lord, today unveil my heart to see that the price was paid on Calvary for all my sins. Lord, may you open my eyes to see that you rose up on Easter [music] morning for my justification and you ascended into glory for my full redemption. Lord, I pray that we are our [music] eyes could see you as the narrative unfolds in our lives. We know that we have to meet you at these different junctures in these different places where you make yourself known. Not historically, but in the present [music] reality. We need to see you, Lord. Unveil our eyes to see you as you are. Lord, I find that when I'm at my worst, it's because I'm wrapped up in the wrong things. You've been hidden from me. I can't I I I I look, but I don't see. I hear, but I'm not really listen. I'm listening, but I'm not really hearing. Lord, can I [music] see what you see? Can I hear what you hear? Help us today, I pray as we commit all to you, our visitors, family here, each one, we want you to be unwrapped, unveiled before us. Rent the veil of the temple to expose how godless our traditions are. But may we see you in plain view, high and lifted up with that spiritual eye in our hearts. We love you. We commit ourselves to you in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen.
