################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - Bro. Reggie Plett Prepared - Reggie Plett.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-08
Title:    Bro. Reggie Plett: Prepared
Speaker: Reggie Plett
Church:   Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 18m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkoSE7GvEMs
========================================

Description:
Bro. Reggie Plett: Prepared
Sunday Service: June 8, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I just want to read verse five though I would encourage you to read the entire chapter. Um I have a Scofield study Bible and I think Dr. Scoffield does a really nice job um with his study Bible here. He shows how that Psalms chapter 22 chap chapter 23 and 24 he says are are like a trilogy. And he just kind of highlights how that chapter 22 um is the good shepherd giving his life for his sheep. And then chapter 23 is this same shepherd that is brought to life again from the from the dead, tenderly cares for the sheep. And in chapter 24, he appears as king in glory to own and reward the sheep. So when you read these chapters together, it's just a beautiful picture. You get to see the whole picture of of our great shepherd. We're just going to read in Psalms chapter 23 and verse 5. It says, "Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies. Thou anointest my head with oil. My cup runth over." Amen. Let's bow our heads for a word of prayer. our precious heavenly father. Lord, it's so good to come into this place that's Lord been dedicated and consecrated for your service, Lord. Lord, we come here expecting, Lord, to see and to hear from you, Lord. As we gather here, we come with many needs on our hearts, Lord. And we've all come realizing that we're human and Lord, we fail. so many times. And Lord, we need you to be our guide. And Lord, as we open up these this book called the Bible, Lord, we realize that these are your eternal thoughts that are being expressed to us. And we just ask, Lord, that you would quicken it now, make it alive to us. that Lord it would uh inspire us Lord to leave this place better than what we came and Lord we are just asking that this word would not only inspire us but God it would change us would make us better Lord it would make us uh better in our homes in our lives and Lord uh to all mankind Lord we would be as our pastor said lately a billboard for Christ. Lord, we pray for our pastor. We ask God that you would be with him and his family that God may the people that he's around and that he's ministering, God, may they receive from the gift that you've given our pastor, Lord, we ask that you would bring him and his family back to us safely. And God, may we as a body here, may we uh be our hearts knit together, Lord, in Christ, that God, we could catch a great catch of fish, Lord, for you, Lord. We want to be of service for you. And we just commit the service and every portion of it, every member here, we commit ourselves to you, Lord, asking and inviting you to be our guest of honor to speak to us. For we ask it in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. And God bless you. You can have your seats. My title today is prepared. And I want to just kind of overview Psalm 23 here so that we're all comfortable and on the same page. And I pray that you are comfortable today. That today we look at this service as uh each of us as children of God and guests at a feast. and we're just going to pull up to the table and we're going to take the this bread of life and we're all going to enjoy ourselves from the good things that God has given us. Amen. As we look in Psalms chapter 23, David starts with the Lord is my shepherd. I shall not want. So David's taking a perspective of he himself being a sheep. That the Lord is my shepherd. I am a sheep and he is my shepherd. And he he he he continues on with what the Lord does for him as a sheep. He maketh me to lie in green pastures. He brings me beside still waters. In other words, the Lord knows how to um make the circumstances around me uh a benefit to me in my life. And he says he restores my soul. He leads me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake. All for his glory. That in everything that happens to us in our walk in life that God may receive the glory in all of it. And I think every Christian says, "Amen." Lord, that's truly my heart is I want you I want the world to know Jesus Christ is our Lord and our Savior. And he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. And he's still changing lives for the better. Amen. He says that though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will not fear. That even in the times of life that are scary, that are uncertain, that shake us up, that feel like, is this the end? Or what what have I gotten myself into? We don't have to fear. The Lord being our shepherd, we're trusting in him and his ability. Now, he gets to this fifth verse and he says, "Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies." And I think that's an interesting scripture for a sheep that the Lord is preparing a table in the presence of his enemies. That David is recognizing that while we're on this journey, that while we're in these pastures, that there are enemies around. That there is an enemy that would like to take and hurt the sheep. David's well aware of that. And we are as as believers are well aware that in this life the enemy and the enemy is don't we don't want to put faces to that that Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know the guy. We don't want to put faces to that. But we realize that there is an unseen force that works against the purpose of God. The leading the leadership of God. and he would love nothing more than to tarnish your testimony as a Christian. And so he's saying that he that the Lord is preparing a table in the presence of his enemies and that while in the presence of his enemies and and and and while this table is prepared, the Lord is anointing his head with oil. Now, the imagery here takes me to you you're in a you're in a room. You've been invited to a feast. You've been invited to a party. You've been invited to a very important party where the Lord he he's the Lord of all and everybody recognizes who he is. And he owns this party. He owns this place that he's inviting us all to. And when you come to this party, you recognize that everybody else at this party is your enemy and that you've been invited to this party and you start getting a little bit antsy knowing who's at this party with you, who's been invited. And in the midst of recognizing that everybody else around you is not here there the eyes that are gazed upon you are not eyes of aw, it's so nice they're here. It's what is he doing here? What is she doing here? And while you're at this feast and while you're at this party and you're just honored to be invited to this L the Lord's party, the Lord in front of the presence of your enemies is anointing your head with oil. In other words, saying you're the reason for this party, Jesus. That the Lord is recognizing you especially in the presence of your enemies. It's your head that's being anointed and you're being recognized as the guest of honor at this party. Now you say, "Wow, what a privilege. What an honor." But at the same time recognizing that the eyes that are upon you are not so thrilled with with what's going on. But the Lord nonetheless is anointing your head and has prepared a table and a feast before you in the presence of your enemies that it was the Lord that prepared this feast for you. And in all of that, you don't feel threatened because the Lord has your best intention in mind. Amen. Amen. That he's saying, "You're my guest of honor. I've got you. I've got you covered. I have you. You are under my protection." That this party, you in other words, you belong to me and nobody's going to nobody's going to hurt you while in my presence. Amen. I think we'll get into that, a little more of that as we go on. But keep that in mind as we're talking about being prepared. And what is prepared? In Exodus chap 23:es 20- 23, the first part of 23, the scripture says, "Behold, I send an angel before thee to keep thee in the way, and to bring thee into the place which I have prepared. Beware of him, and obey his voice. Provoke him not, for he will not pardon your transgressions, for my name is in him." But if thou shalt indeed obey his voice, and do all that I speak, then I will be an enemy unto thine enemies, and an adversary unto thine adversaries, for mine angel shall go before thee. Now, I think that's a little bit of a highlight to exactly what we were just saying is that the Lord is telling Moses, he's speaking to Moses. And this is his instruction to to go and to deliver the children of Israel. But the Lord is saying, "I'm gonna send an angel before you, Moses." That that that I'm not sending you alone, but I'm sending an angel to go before you. Now, this isn't just an angel. And we'll we'll get into that a little bit later, but he says, "My name is in this angel. The angel that I'm sending, my name is in him." And he says, "Obey his voice. Don't provoke him." So, that perks your ears a little bit. And he But he says that if you will obey his voice and obey him, I'll become an enemy to your enemies. In other words, I'm that great shepherd. I I will protect you. You won't you don't have to worry about that. You if you can find obedience to the word of God. God's got the rest covered. It's like it's like telling a child like just if you'll just obey me. It's like you you know you tell your children if you'll just listen to me. And it's like is that so hard? And we're all like, "Hallelujah." kind of. So, Brother Brandon preaches so many so many services with this scripture. He opens with this scripture and he he's got so many different titles. But in the in the message, my angel shall go before thee in 1953, brother Brandham explains explaining these scriptures says and that pillar of fire or the angel was the angel of the covenant. I believe all ministers would agree with that that that was the angel of the covenant. Okay, so that angel that he sent before him was the angel of the covenant. Okay, what does that mean? If it was the angel of the covenant, then it was the Lord Jesus. It was God, the Holy Spirit. So, we're understanding that this angel that God sent before Moses, Brother Brandham's saying that was the Lord Jesus, but it wasn't the Lord Jesus because the Lord Jesus hadn't come yet. So, Brother Brandham's trying to qualify and say it was the Holy Spirit. It was the spirit of God. So, we're all recognizing that, oh, okay, Brother Brandham's tying, you know, like there's not a trinity. It's all the same God. So, he's tying that together for all for for everybody. It says, "For Moses, uh, for Moses chose to suffer the reproach of Christ and counted it greater riches than the treasures of Egypt." Now, he backs up. I'm I'm backing up. I'm going to a couple paragraphs before what I just read. Same message. Brother Brandham says, "God in all ages has had someone to deal with here on earth." So God has not just uh dealt uh spoken out of clouds or uh out of lightning bolts, but God's always used men. Man's always been his instrument. So brother Brandham is going into that God in all ages has had someone to deal with here on earth. Ever since he's had an earth he started has never was a time but what he had someone that he could his hands on to send them. And during this time that we're speaking of here, I just read on was he had sent Moses to deliver the children of Israel. He says, "Now it was not Moses that was sent. Moses was just the instrument." Okay. So then who was sent? It was God. God was sending himself. That's the angel he was saying. That's that's what he was saying. I'm going to send an angel before you, Moses. and and and and and and that's me. I'm the one that's gonna go before you. I am that angel. I'm the one that's going to go before you and prepare a way for you, Moses. But he's going to use Moses as an instrument. That's the man he's going to use for the deliverance of his children. But Moses was saying, "Look, it's not me doing this, right? that that it it's God. He's pointing to God. He's pointing to God. And God's messengers that if they're a real true messenger, that's what they do. Now, in my heart, I have believed that God has always been the same all through the ages. In every age, he's been just as he was at the beginning. He was manifested in the fatherhood. He was manifested in the sunship. He's manifested now in the dispensation of the Holy Spirit. Amen. We believe that. So God is saying, "I've prepared an angel to go before you, Moses." And he's also saying that he's preparing Moses. So he's not only prepared a way, but he's also prepared the man and he's prepared a place for them to go to. And and that's what he told Moses. I've prepared a place for you to go to. But as we see God preparing his men, his messengers, God, we we we we when we read our Bible, when we see the men of God that God has used down through all time, we see God preparing certain men certain ways and in different ways, all kinds of different ways. I this is where we love looking back in history and seeing God using men with different temperaments enable to for a movement to to to inspire God's children to call them and catch their attention. Amen. So in Malachi 4:es 5 and 6, and I know we can all quote this, but we'll have it up here for those who have yet to quote it. So he says, "Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet." So God is saying, "I'm preparing Elijah the prophet to be sent to you before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children and the heart of the children to their fathers lest I come and smite the earth with the curse. And in the church age book in the Leodysian church age, brother Brandham says, "Now this messenger of Malachi 4 and Revelations 10:7 is going to do two things. One, according to Malachi 4, he will turn the hearts of the children to the fathers. Two, he will reveal the mysteries of the seven thunders in Revelations 10, which are the revelations contained in the seven seals. It will be these divinely revealed mystery truths that literally turn the hearts of the children to the Pentecostal fathers. Exactly. So, so we see God preparing Malachi 4 for this last day. He's got to prepare this messenger for a purpose to turn the hearts of the believers. So he's got to prepare him and to be able to turn the hearts of the children. If you can get the people to believe you, nothing will stand before your prayer, not even cancer. But you've got to get the people to believe you. Amen. in first kings chapter 17 in verse 9. I'm only reading verse 9. Again, if you read the whole chapter, it would really benefit you in this story. Says, "Arise, get to Zerapath, which belongth to Zidon, and dwell there. Behold, I have commanded a widow woman there to sustain thee." This is the story of Elijah. being called to this widow woman. Now, he's been out in the wilderness. God's had ravens to feed him, but now God says, "Enough of that. No more ravens to feed thee. You need to get up. I've prepared a widow woman to sustain you." It's during the time of the drought. Elijah gets up. He goes to this widow woman's home. She's gathering two sticks. She's gathering sticks together. It says the scripture declares two sticks. Brother Brandham shows us that was the cross that she was preparing to die. It was self-sacrifice. She said, "I've when when Elijah gets to her, he says, uh uh uh what are you doing?" She says, "Well, I'm gathering sticks so that I can make a meal. I've just got a little bit of of oil and a little bit of meal and me and my son, we're going to eat this last meal and then we're going to die. Elijah says, "Okay, go and do it, but make me some meal first." She's like, "I don't have a lot left." He says, "Yeah, but nonetheless, do go and do this. Go and do it." Brother says she recognized he was different. There was something about him that he was a man of God. Amen. She recognized that. And he says, "And if you do this, the oil won't run out. Neither will the meal run dry until the time that God sends rain on the earth." The message be certain of God. I don't know how many of you remember when Voice of God put out the CDs. That was the first one they put out and I put it on every night and I had the first 15 minutes memorized. It was like, hallelujah. I could I could repeat it over because it was the only one I had. It was the only CD I had. You know, I'd just given my heart to the Lord and it was the only one I had. It was just that one over and over and over. Brother Brandham said, 'How that this little woman must have been of the caliber of Elijah because usually your action shows what you are. And again, she had been chosen to entertain God's prophet. Remember, she was a gentile, not a Jew. He says, "And the land was burning up." And no doubt that this little woman being of that caliber, being of the believer type, for we see that God would not have called to her if she hadn't have been a worthy one to entertain God's prophet. For he wouldn't, for he would have never sent his prophet to a house that was unworthy. Now, that is quite a statement. And I my heart just swells because I think, okay, here we go. Let's put these pieces together. She's not a Jew. She's a Gentile. God sends his prophet to her. Brother Brandham says she must have been of the same caliber. Now, for the men, the gun-loving men that are in this room here, we know that the same caliber. So, you have different calibers of of guns and bullets. And the caliber is the size of the bullet. It's it's it's how big the bullet is. It's and and how big the hole is in in the barrel of the gun. And you don't have an uh you don't shoot a 50 caliber bullet through a 9 mm meter gun. It won't fit. It won't fire. And so if there's a 50 caliber gun, it shoots a 50 caliber bullet. And brother Brandham is saying that if you believe that Elijah was a 50 caliber prophet. Now I don't know what caliber of prophet you say Elijah was. Maybe you say I he was that he was a 40 caliber. Or if you say no he was a you know he's a major prophet. Elijah was a major prophet in the Bible. If he was a 50 caliber prophet he's saying this widow woman was a 50 caliber believer. I mean, it just makes you feel good. He would have never sent his prophet to a home that was unworthy. Just consider your home. And consider I I realize I I think we all do this that God, why me? Why me? Why? Why do I get to hear this? Why Why did I get to hear this message? Why am I so You must be a 50 caliber believer. And you don't even know. You don't even you don't even realize what caliber you are until you start looking at the caliber of the prophet and you start thinking well hey all right God's prepared all that. Now let's keep reading because again this is the next the next uh paragraph and I should have read that says it was not his choosing. In other words wasn't Elijah's choosing it was God's choosing. Amen. It wasn't her bidding. It wasn't the widow woman's bidding. It was God bidding him. It wasn't your choosing. It wasn't It wasn't your And it wasn't Brother Brandham's choosing either that it that it would be him that was sent to this day. But it just so happens that you were chosen to live in this day. and that you were chosen to live in a time that God would send a man that that that that whose purpose was to turn the hearts of the people, those that could believe, those that could hear the message, that they could hear the good things that God has sent in this last day, that divine healing is not just for the apostles, that divine healing, that God is still a healer. That if you need healing, you don't have to rely upon science alone. God is still a healer. God is still able. And that God has sent men in this day to show that God's not dead. God's still moving. That when the doctor can't do when the doctors can do all that they can with the marvelous technologies that science has given us, but even when that doesn't do the job, there's somebody higher you can go to that your faith can touch. Amen. And you say, "God, I need that." There was something in your heart that says, "God, I have to have more than what science can offer. I have to have more than what theologians have to offer. I have to have more than what the seminaries are producing. I have to have more than a feel-good church experience every week that just gets us together for social events. I have to have more than that. God sent a message that would turn your hearts back to the Pentecostal fathers that you could have the same experience that Peter had, that Paul had, that James and John had. That when you read these scriptures and you think, "I wish I could have known those men. I wonder what their lives were like," they would say, "Men just like yours." That's right. We believe just like you. You believe just like us. We're the same. And the messenger that was prepared for this day came and and men around him and brother Brandham never even took all that kind of credit. Now we're able to identify the that that God sends one in an age. We're able to do that. But but brother Brandham said, "Look at what God has sent. Look at the gifts that God has sent." And all of it was to point to the truth. So we see God preparing us these these men down through time. It was a Moses. We see a David. We see the Elijah. We see Elisha. We see John. we see John the Baptist and and and there was a group that caught it and and they were like this is different this man's different and ultimately we know that that keystone that everything was pointing to Jesus Christ everything all the promises from Genesis through was all pointing to that promised seed Jesus Christ and in Hebrews chapter 10 verse Five, we believe Paul is the one who wrote this. Says, "Wherefore, when he cometh into the world, he saith, sacrifice an offering, thou wouldest not, but a body hast thou prepared me." That God was preparing a body for himself. that that the spirit of God, the one that pillar of fire that led the children of Israel, that that that spirit that that that spoke to Elijah, that that that would appear supernaturally from time to time in the Old Testament and the and and even the people like the people of Jericho and And they they they they recognized it. They said, "Man, whoever this God is leading these people, he's God for sure. That's the one true God." And they recognized that. But now God's prepared a body, an actual physical tangible body that walked amongst us. And that's what John said. In the beginning was the word. The word was with God. The word was God. And in verse 14, and the word became flesh and dwelt among us, and now he's prepared a body, that that that great spirit, the creator of all heavens and earth, is now dwelling in a body. And no wonder people missed it because you're thinking if God's gonna be in a body, you know, I mean, I think that's that's this is where you get like, you know, Greek mythology, you know, thinking like, yeah, it'll be like Zeus, you know, like some some jacked bodybuilder or something. But it wasn't. It was so frail and so humble that that everybody overlooked it. And we recognize that body that God prepared. But but this isn't just speaking about that body. This is speaking about a many membered body. that this body that God has prepared is that body that that on the day of Pentecost there was 120 that he broke apart and they were all filled with that same spirit of God that was in Jesus but now it's in many members and then they come out of that upper room and it begins spreading ing 3,000 and then 5,000 then and and and and and Peter's like, "This promise is to everybody that would believe." Now, we know that that God says that, you know, I would not that any would perish, but that all should come to repentance. But we know not all will come to repentance. We know that not all will. But for those that do, the promise is that you those that do believe, those that that that do recognize and repent and and repenting is is recognizing I'm going the wrong direction in life. I'm going the wrong way. And and and and it's a military word. Repent means about face. Turn exactly opposite of where you're going. And and so that's what repenting is. is recognizing in life I'm going the wrong way. I'm following my own ideas, my own thoughts, or or or or I'm being manipulated by by whoever else around me to direct my course. And I know that there's something else that's bigger than me that I would like for him to order my steps. And it's this surrender and saying, "God, I'm sorry. Amen. I'm a sorry human being. That's really when you say I'm sorry, you are saying I am sorry, right? Like we just casually say I'm sorry. It's like you know what you just said, right? You're you are sorry. That's what repentance is. says is God I am sorry which means I can't do this on my own and and and and he says that's good now be baptized with the spirit be immersed in it not just sprinkled once uh once a week with that spirit in the service like oo I'm so glad I go to church cuz woo I get a good sprinkling of the spirit every week it's like no you need an immersion in that spirit so that it it's not a once a weak thing. It carries you over and over and over. That's the body he's prepared is a body of people who've been immersed in the spirit who who who are not leading themselves anymore. They've become like David. They've become sheep who say, "I'm not leading this thing. It's God leading me. God's preparing my way. It's not me preparing my way anymore. It's God preparing my God preparing my steps. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham says in the end time evangelism, the end time message the end time message that that that message that is to be that is is is in Revelations chapter 3 that that is to that Leodysian age to that last age. The end time message is to get the bride or that body that God has prepared to get the bride called the bride ready and prepared for the rapture. That's what we're getting prepared for. You say, you know, God's been preparing me. God's preparing me for what? Is there a quiz or like what's he preparing you for? For the rapture. Amen. That's one of the great I feel like the probably the greatest uh uh uh if you want to call it a mystery to that that whole rapture message is that it's not everybody that says Lord Lord is going to enter the kingdom. But those that do the will of my father, that's what Jesus said. Not all that saith the Lord, Lord will will come into that kingdom, but those that do the will of my father. Not that that that that not everybody that says I'm a Christian is part of that bride. And so that's what the the great one of the great mysteries is that that rapture is reserved for a specific people called the bride. This body and he's preparing this message is to prepare us for the rapture. What can it do according to Malachi 4 is bring them back to the faith that was once delivered to the saints. Bring them back to the faith of the fathers. The Pentecostal part in the restoration time. I will restore sayeth the Lord. That's real event end time evangelism. Do you believe that God prepares men to get his people ready? And we all I believe every believer is all looking for a preparation for a place we're going. There's a destination. Jesus says in St. John chapter 14:es 2 and 3, "In my father's house are many mansions. If it were not so, I would have told you. I go to prepare a place for you. And if I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again and receive you unto myself, that where I am, there ye may be also. Praise God. And all believers from Pentecost on, that's we we're all waiting for that for him to come back. so that we can all go and and when we hear uh brother Brandham who said, "I was so worried. I'm so I was so worried about what happens when you die. I thought that you know I couldn't get shake brother Neville's hand again. We would just be two two clouds passing each other." And and the angel says, "Would you like to see beyond the curtain of time?" He said, "It would help me so much." And he goes over there and he comes back and he tells us it's a real place. whatever you do, don't miss that. He says they're perfectly in you. They're youthful and and and and the men and the women, they're they're they just got beautiful white teeth and and and the the sisters have long hair and the men are so so vibrant. And all of us are going, "Praise God, I can't wait. Amen. And he says, "Man, I mean, the feeling over there, I mean, supreme and and and and all of those words, they don't even touch it." It's like it's real. It's a real place. And Jesus saying, he's saying, "Yeah, I'm going to prepare that place. And if I'm going to prepare a place, do you believe I'll come back to get you to take you to that place?" Amen. And the believers say, "Yeah, I do." Hallelujah. Amen. In Revelations 21 and verse two says, "And I, John, saw the holy city, New Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven prepared as a bride adorned for her husband." John says, "I can confirm that when Jesus made that promise, he's telling the truth." Amen. He really was going to prepare a place and he's done it. There is a place that is prepared for you. And then we all get together for lunches. We go all go to each other's homes and we all start talking about what is it going to be like? What's heaven to you? And some say, "Oh, I just want there to be a beach." Some say, "I just want a mountain. I just want mountains around me. I want a cabin isolated in the middle of nowhere. That would be heaven for me." And some say, "I just need the desert. I need that dry." And we and we all start doing this. We all start doing this. What will What is it going to be like? Brother Brandham said, "There's going to be a choir of angels over there." And he says, "And then there'll be a stream. This the the the the the river of life will be flowing through it." And he said, "And you'll hear somebody in the distance singing, Amazing Grace, how sweet the sound that saved a wretch like me." He said, "That'll be me. Go look for me. You'll find me there." And we all start talking about heaven, heaven, heaven. The place that God has prepared for you. What will it be like? And in the message, the future home of the heavenly bridegroom and the earthly bride, brother Brandham says, "Oh, what will it look like?" Did you ever think now, bride, what what it will look like? It is prepared and designed by the divine architect. What will that city look like? Now, we're going to talk about it for a few minutes. The divine architect has prepared it, designed it, and look, he has designed it with tender hands for his beloved bride. what's it going to look like? And we're all like, "Yeah, what?" And he says, "Could you imagine a man marrying a wife that's able? How he builds and puts every little thing just exactly to her touch, just what she would like." Amen. Now the divine architect has designed the new city where he will live with his bride just to her touch. So it's going to be just touchscreen iPads and phones everywhere. I remember when the iPhone came out and I thought, "Oh, that look at there just to her touch." You know, it's ridiculous. What a ripoff. He's prepared it for you. He's prepared this table in the presence of your enemies and anointed your head with oil. It's for you. just for you. Now what gave me the inspiration to this servant to this sermon servant service sermon was I was reading the book of Jonah and there's only four chapters this short book um and you know you start thinking about the things that God has prepared for you and and the good things that God has in in preparation for you and and and we and we get all bubbly and we you know we just really enjoy that. But there's something else that we have to look at and that's called reality. And uh you know, my father-in-law always says uh you know, before we start talking about the buy and buy, we're still living in the nasty now and now. And as I was reading in the book of Jonah, once again, our good friend, brother Dr. Scoffield has highlighted some things that are really nice, and I want to share them with you. And I want to read Jonah chapter 1 verse 17 and then jump over to chapter 4 and read verses 6 through8. And I've got it here for for us all to read together. I want you uh Dr. Scoffield notice notes four things that prepared in the book of Jonah. And I want to show those four things that God prepared. So verse 17, now the Lord had prepared a great fish to swallow up Jonah. And Jonah was in the belly of the fish three days and three nights. So the first thing we see is this great fish that God has prepared to swallow Jonah. The next we go to verse six 6-8. And the Lord God prepared a gourd and made it to come up over Jonah that it might be a shadow over his head to deliver him from his grief. So Jonah was exceeding glad of the gourd. But God prepared a worm when the morning rose the next day and it smoked the gourd that it withered. And it came to pass when the sun did arise that God prepared a vehement east wind. And the sun beat upon the head of Jonah that he fainted and wished in himself to die and said, "It is better for me to die than to live." So we know the story of Jonah and we realize that God had had desired there was the city of Nineveh and this was a gentile city. these were gentile people and Jonah being a an an Israelite a Hebrew uh wanted nothing to do with those heathens, filthy Gentiles. And but God says, "I need you to go and to preach to them." Because that's remember God uses men. Those are the vessels that God uses. He could have used something else, but God chose men to use. He and and he prepared men to help prepare the people. So he's prepared Jonah and he says, "I need you to go to Nineveh and I need you to preach to the people of Nineveh repentance to turn away from this way of life that they're going and to turn to the one true and living God." Jonah says, "I don't want to do it." So he says, "I'm taking a different boat going a different way." God says, "No problem. I prepared a fish." God prepared a fish knowing Jonah and his mistakes and his own his his his smart how smart he was his intellect. God was a little bit smarter. Prepared a fish. And God prepared this fish. And while in the belly of this fish, God Jonah remembers a promise that if anybody would turn toward the temple of God and would cry out and would repent and ask anything of God, God would give it to them. So Jonah positions himself in the belly of the whale, knowing the word of God and knowing the promises of God are sure. They're true. And he holds on to that because that's what you do when you're in a dis desperate situation. It's unfortunate that it takes desperation for a lot of times for us to get to that point, but it works. That's right. And so then Jonah comes up and he heads his way over to Nineveh and he preaches to the people of Nineveh. And they and and then the instrument that God used was so good. Hallelujah. That the people said, "We repent. His words are true. We believe him." And they repent and they give their hearts to God and God is pleased. And Noah goes up on a hill or Jonah, I keep saying Noah. Jonah goes up on a hill and he's weary after the the job that God gave him. He's weary. So God prepares a gourd to give Jonah reprieve. Jonah is so grateful for the blessings of God. So grateful for the cool shade. When you go and you read or listen to the restoration of the bride tree, brother Brandham says the leaves of the tree are for you to cool down, to have fellowship under. And he even says that it's the Pentecostal blessings of clapping your hands and the music and the shouting and the joy. That's what the shade is for. It's for fellowship. And and Jonah's so thankful for it. But God prepares a worm to eat up the shade. And then he prepares an east wind to vehematly blow and the sun to beat down on Jonah. And Jonah's so mad. I wish I was dead. I wish somebody would just I'd be better off dead. Would I'd be better off. And God says, "Jonah, did you prepare the gourd? Did you grow the gourd?" "No, Jonah, did did you grow did you create the worm to eat that?" "No, I didn't do that." He says, "Look, Jonah, those people are my people. I desired I was I desired that they would receive repentance and the word of the Lord. I desired that and you're upset about it and you didn't have nothing to do with this and we see these things that God prepares that it's God's preparing We say, "Wow, that's really neat, those four things." But the whole story of Jonah is God preparing Jonah. and God preparing a people. It's God doing the preparing. And so we say, "Oh, praise God for him preparing a fish." That when we're going the wrong way, God's got a a way for us to go around. Really? When you're in the belly of the fish, are you like, "Oh, thank God for this." No. But then you'll get a little shade and it's it's all oh God is so good. He just he blesses us and I tell you we're blessed above everybody. The the just we're just so blessed above every and then the winds beat and you're out there and believe me when I tell you this as a landscaper. You're out there and your job is to dig a ditch and the wind is blowing and you're throwing the dirt and the wind is blowing it right back in your eyeballs and you're like the wind. I hate the wind. Hallelujah. Brother Brandham said, "You know, God sends wind to shake the trees to loosen the roots so the roots will go deeper." And then you're like, "Where's my foot?" Like, we love it that God is preparing a place for us. We love that. Hallelujah. We love it that God has prepared men to speak through to help us. Hallelujah. We love that. We love the ultimate picture of what we will be. We love that. We love that God has prepared that and that he's ordained that that uh uh you know, he's prepared our footsteps and he's ordered them and we love that. We love that. But when we're in it, we have to recognize God prepared this. That even the trials, God prepared those. And Look, most of the time I'm sitting right back there. Okay? So if I know a lot of times it's this idea for like yeah yeah yeah get up there and say those words and and and you know and point the fingers but I promise you I feel like you feel like this so easy to talk about but I know what's coming tomorrow and it's like oh God please make this alive and applicable. So, I'm closing with this. And when I say closing, you know, so I don't have to, you're like, "Oo, good. Two minutes." So, please don't get mad at me. I don't know if you've seen this or not. Brother Brandham, Brother Brandham, Brother Eddie Biscll, uh there's a video or a couple videos on YouTube from a different churches where brother Eddie is uh talking about the brown bear, the vision of the brown bear. Has how many how many know what I'm talking about? Okay. So, so I would say at least half. I would say half. Okay. So, Brother Brandham, you know, he has this vision. I say you know, maybe you don't know. Brother Brandon has a vision of a a silver tip grizzly that he's going to kill. 9- foot silver tip grizzly that he's going to kill and a 42inch caribou that he's going to kill. And he does it. Boom. He goes up to Canada and brother Eddie Biscll uh is with him and and some other brothers and and in the vision, Brother Brandham says, you know, I see my hand on it. I can see my hand. I can see the the span and the I can see I see 42 in with for this caribou and I see the silver tip grizzly. All of this happening at the same time and these brothers are up hunting with brother Brandon. They're like, "Well, he he kills the I think he kills the caribou first." And they're like, "Okay, well, Brother Brandham, you said you said there was going to be this bear like with it." But I'm looking around. I could see everywhere. I'm up on this vista. There ain't no bear around here. He's like, "Hey, do you believe that when it's thus sayeth the Lord, it will be th I believe. I believe I believe, brother, I believe. I believe." Sure enough, boom, here comes this bear. Boom. Here's there's bear. He goes, "But you know there was this in in the vision I saw this this somebody with a green checkered shirt on in there and they're like that. Well, none of us have that." And brother Eddie Biscoll looks down and he's got this green checkered shirt that he didn't know. His wife had packed it for him just in case. And he didn't even realize he put it on, but he was like, "Yeah, none of us have a green checkered shirt." And he looks down. He's got this green checker shirt because we men don't even care what we look like. Our wives dress us. They pick out the outfits we wear. And that's what brother Eddie did was he put on this shirt that his wife gave him. Good thing. And there it is. Boom. Fulfilled. Okay. But then he says later, I saw another vision of a bear almost twice that size of that silver tip that I'm going to kill. And he says in May of 1962, he says, I saw this bear. It will happen. It'll happen. It's going to happen. Like it will it will be. It will be. And and and so then uh we you you're going and you're you know it's like 1999 or whatever. I'm just making up a date like I'm going to the den room and I'm looking for this brown huge grizzly and I'm not seeing it and you know where's that brown I remember he talked about a brown bear you know and I'm thinking like I I remember brother talking about another bear some other bear. Where's that bear? Nothing. And and I you know it comes and it goes and you you realize oh yeah there was a bear. What happened to that? Well, then these critics come along and they create this website to disprove everything brother Bram said so that you don't believe he's a prophet and you're going to have I've got proof and you're going to believe it and it's going to blow you out of the water and you'll never follow this message again. And there that's one of the things. Well, where's that brown bear? Never happened. There was no brown bear. So, brother Eddie Biscll says, "Okay, I was there and I'm going to tell you what happened." So he takes us to this the this message and and we'll read it but um it's in countdown in 1962. This is after the hunt brother Brandon but I won't read that yet. But I want to tell you what in the video this is what brother Eddie So you have to believe brother Eddie now and I do he said he's on that hunt and he said they're that brother Eddie, brother Billy Paul and Blaine Southwick are the young guys and then there's brother Bud Southwick and brother Brandham and they're the older guys and brother Bud had angina so he struggled to do a lot of uh hikes and stuff because of his condition. So he they get to this place and brother Bud says, "Blaine, you and you take Eddie and Billy Paul and you guys go up this way and me and brother Brandham are going to go up this way." So those of you that have seen this, just bear with me because there was people that haven't seen this. Okay. So he So they go up and and the boys go up. They said they go up this ridge and they're hiding behind these little willow bushes and they said across this ridge they said uh brother Eddie says this bear comes down and he goes I talked with brother Blaine who who guides and hunts gri or hunts bears all the time. He said he'd never seen a bear like that and that big it being just a brown bear. Not like a Kodiak but a brown bear. And he said it had this gold like wheat gold ripe wheat gold band that came down from the back of his hump down and in front of him. He said, "I've never seen a bear like this." And his bears turning over rocks to look for berries and roots to eat. And he said, "And they're across and and the boys Blaine and and brother Billy Paul are telling brother Eddie, shoot it. Shoot the bear." He's like, "No, I'm not going to shoot. Brother Brandon hasn't even shot. Hasn't even got a shot off. I'm not going to shoot it." And they keep telling like shoot it. You know, you can imagine young guys, that's just what we did. Shoot the thing, man. He's like, "No, I'm not going to shoot it. I want Brother Brandon to shoot it." He said, "And the bear is like sniffing and said all of a sudden it wins him and it looks right at him like it, you know, they don't see good, but they're smells really good and it wins them and it like dialed on where they're at." And then it turns around and like just goes up and over this mountain and it's gone. They go back to the camp and they're telling brother Brandon, "We saw this bear. It's massive." Blah blah blah. They're telling them all about it. And he said that night it starts raining and he said, "And then it rained nonstop on and off but but never clear like it rained steady and then heavy and steady and heavy for four days. like no sunlight, just rain four days, just soggy. And and then brother Bud Southwick comes to Brother Eddie at one point and Brother Eddie's like 27, 28 years old, so he's a young guy, but Brother Bud goes, "Brother Brandon wants to go home." And brother Eddie like goes to Brother Brandon, he's like, "What? You kidding me? Like you haven't even shot a shot yet. Like you can't go home. home or just But he's like, "I can come back next year, you know, cuz then I can come back and hunt next year." He's like, he starts doing the math. He's like, "Yeah, I get it." Like they've all got cabin fever because they've been stuck in this wall tent, you know, for four days with each other. And that gets rough and and he's like, "Yeah, brother Brandon, by the time it's over, he'd be gone from his family two weeks. So, it makes sense. He wants to go home." So they're packing up, getting ready to go, and brother Brandham goes, "Uh, Brother Bud, how much longer we got?" And he's like, "Oh, you got all kinds of time. It's going to take us hours to get packed up on the horses and get out of here. You got all kinds of time." So, Brother Brandham's like, "Where'd you guys say you saw that bear?" And brother Eddie's like, "Oh, you just go up this way and we're up on that first bench." And so, Brother Brandham takes off, takes his rifle, goes through the willows, and he's off. said he comes back and he said, "Brother Eddie's sitting on the horse and he said, "Brother Brandon came up and stood by him and he said, "Brother Ed, I'm the Jonah in this group." He said, "There's only two times I know I've disobeyed a vision. The one was when I went with those ministers in Africa when I shouldn't have and he got real sick. got that amieba, got really sick and almost died. And he said, "And this is only the second time I know of that I've disobeyed a vision." He said, "I'm the Jonah in this group." He said, "But," and he said, he pointed up and he said, "It's going to be okay. Uh, it's it's all it's all good or it's all going to be okay." And he said, "And we'll and to show you, we'll ride out of here dry." Brother Eddie was like, "You, that was the most unbelievable thing you could hear after it had been raining for four days straight." Now, we in Arizona are like, "What? We don't get it." But four days, nonstop. So, Brother Eddie said it was soggy, soggy, soaked, soggy, wet. Again, I don't know what that even means. I'm a sunshine baby, but I get it. four days of rain. That's like death to Arizonans. And so he's like, he was like, I couldn't believe he said that, but you know, he's like, you hear when you were with brother Brandham stuff, supernatural stuff happens all the time. He goes, but I wasn't thinking of visions or anything like that. That that wasn't they didn't know he didn't know about all that. He didn't know all about the the vision of the bear and stuff. He knew about visions and all that. So he said that he sit on the horse and he said within a little bit of time a warm puff of air comes around and then he's like, "Oh, that felt good." Then a little while later it was just a little bit of air current, a little bit warmer, warmer. He said and the next thing he knows there's this big beam of sunlight coming through the clouds. He said he looks up and there's a big hole in the sky, blue sky, first blue sky he'd seen in four days. And he said after a while it just opened up. And he goes, "By the time we left," he goes, "By the time the horses took their first step out, there was nothing but blue sky and I was I rode out of there in a short sleeve, we were dry." And he said, "If it w if I wouldn't have ridden out of there dry, I wouldn't be standing here today." In other words, he be a false prophet. Like that, why would I believe him? He's a liar. But he wasn't. He told the truth. So I want to read you now in countdown in September 1962. This is right after the hunt. Brother Brandham, these are the words he says right after that hunt says so I in these 30 going on 32 years of ministry I've tried to stay true to the word. I don't know of one thing I've ever had to alter on because I just read it out of the Bible. Said just what the Bible said and let it go like that. And so I haven't had to take back or rearrange because I just said it the way that the Bible says it. And I find out if God has spoken anything, then we must go with that word in order to make it be fulfilled. When we see that, as I told you last night of a vision just recently, see that it I had to be there and warning to be there and telling me six months before to be on that spot and stand there and saying go down there three times with them. Brother be brother Eddie says I was the them, you know, me, Billy Paul and Blaine. and I just walked on with the other men and the vision passed right through exactly God's part and I was left standing. So, we want to remember, you've got to stay on the word. Just stay right with the word and where the word leads, you go right with the word and it'll bring you out. All right. I'm sure. And I think about that and it causes me to realize that God could even allow a vision and show exactly how the vision's going to happen and God will do his part of that. uh you still are able or I say you still certainly in this case we see brother Brandham was able to by not following through with his part miss the outcome God bring bring the bear you know the bear existed and bring the bear but he wasn't there to fulfill his part by not following through and when I hear that I know you're thinking exactly like I'm thinking right now is that oh God, you've given us your word. You've gi you you you you you've laid out instructions for us and a and a road mapap and and and God, we know you're faithful. We know that. But Lord, teach me to be faithful. so that I can fulfill my part. Whatever that is. It's not like we have, you know, the instructions written out here like, you know, this is your next step when you wake up tomorrow. It's by faith that we're operating. But but but faith is trust knowing because God has proved himself over and over and over again. So then it's it's as David as a sheep saying, "Though that he sets this table in the presence, I won't fear. Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I won't fear for I know he's with me. I know he's with me. And if Lord, if I'm so stupid and I'm so insensitive to the leadership of your spirit, God, would you be merciful enough to prepare a way like Jonah, prepare a fish or or whatever the circumstances are? And I realize that when we pray that, when we're asking God that, then when we're when we come through the trial, when we come through the thing that is set before us, and we realize here we were like Jonah, kicking the dirt and cursing the wind and the and the worm that eats the gourd, and then realizing, oh man, that was God the whole time. That was God in all of that. And I thought it was just bad luck. Or, you know, a lot of times we give the devil credit where we shouldn't. That was the devil. The devil did that. The devil made them do that. And it's like, ah, sometimes, you know, I think it's just you, you know, like don't don't give the credit credit to the devil. like you know the devil's like thanks for the credit but uh man that one's all you on that one buddy but thanks I just I'm like Lord please please God you you've you've been you've been more than gracious to us you've been more than good to us it's by by by by allowing ing a a prophet of that caliber to come across and enter our homes, that voice to come into our homes and and and and and allow us to read the books or whatever it is. It's like, God, you please, I don't want to let you down as a believer. I I I want to be a faithful son. I want I know you feel the same way. It's like, God, I believe you've got good things prepared, but whatever whatever trials you have prepared, I want to be an overcomer. Let's stand together. The musicians would come. I want to pray with you. And I pray, this is my prayer every time that I'm afforded an opportunity to come and to speak before you. This is my prayer is that we can take these things, not the things that I said, but the things that we see in the word of God and and and we can take them to lunch with us. And we can chew on it while we're chewing our burgers. We can chew on these thoughts in in our hearts. And when we get home and it and when we see when something presents itself, when a trial presents itself, when a when a struggle presents itself, when a when something comes within our home, amongst our family, that God will quicken these these things to our to our minds, to our hearts, that we will be able to say those weren't just words. There's something real in that and that maybe God would give somebody a mama and daddy child in the home will give them wisdom like Solomon or will give them discernment to know hey God is in this God is in this and he'll take us through this or he'll take us around it or he'll take us over it or under it. But God is in this. Let's not fly off the handle. Let's not let's not try to figure this out even on our own. Let's go to God and let's see if we can't find what God's desire is so that we don't miss it. We don't blow it and and go, "Well, God did his part, but I really ruined that." That's my prayer. That's my prayer every time is that this becomes real in our lives, in our workplaces, in our homes, at lunch with each other, that we could encourage each other, not with words, but with the moving of the spirit of God. Let's pray together, will you? Heavenly Father, Lord, we're so thankful, God, for your word. God, we're so thankful for this message. And God, we're so thankful, God, for the men that you've sent in our lives and the men and women, Lord. God, I know that Lord, the testimony of my own mother has helped shape my life. I'm so thankful for that. Lord, we [Music] we don't want to just focus on on the flashy things and the good things and just all the good times, but God, reality hits us. And Lord, there's there's real trials and there's a real enemy who would desire to sift us. God, when that happens, when those trials come, trials that you have seen fit through your wisdom to come into our lives. Lord, our prayer, my prayer, Lord, for these my brothers and my sisters, my friends here is that God, you would help us, Lord, to be sensitive to your the moving of your spirit, that we could be quiet, to listen, to know when you're speaking to us, to know how to handle something. And God, when we don't hear anything, God, when we don't feel any certain move, I pray God that Lord, you would just allow us, Lord, that faith that we have, that trust we have in you would allow us to take the next step. And Lord, we want to do it prayerfully and cautiously because we want it to be in your perfect will. Not in a permissive and not in our own will, but God, we want it to be in your perfect will. So God, I'm asking that you would direct us. God, I believe that that is your full intent, that you've given us the tools to do it, the ability to do it. I just pray Lord that you would help us as believers that we would mature that we wouldn't just remain the same and we wouldn't just rely upon the things we have but that God you would actually have preeminence to change our lives to be able to as we get older maybe we get stubborn maybe we get set in our ways but God I feel like it's such a a a dishonoring uh uh proverb to say that that an old dog can't learn new tricks, God. If I'm an old dog, Lord, help me, God, to be teachable. Lord, you could change me that my children could say, "Wow, God has really changed dad. God has really made him different. He's sure helped him out." [Music] Lord, that's my desire is that until that day that you call us home, that Lord, we would be moldable. We would be in your hands and that we you would be so pleased to shape us into what you want us to be. Oh God, grant it. Grant it, Lord. We ask in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Amen. Sing this song with me. The goodness of God.
