################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-18 - The Prophet and The Poets - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-18
Title:   The Prophet and The Poets
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SKcBI3ZoWcg
========================================

Description:
The Prophet and The Poets
Wednesday Service: June 18, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Acts chapter 17 verse 28 he says for in him we live and move and have our being as certain also of your own poets have said for we are also his offspring. It's a really short verse. So let's just read it again. For in him we live and move and have our being as certain also of your own poets have said for we are also his offspring. You can be seated. My title is the prophet and the poets. It's going to be a very uh specific uh combining together of those two phrases, the poets and the prophet. And so my title being the prophet and the poets. Going to look at Acts chapter 17. In a lot of ways, there's going to be some historical emphasis and just digging into some of the details and the facts here as Paul addressed the men in Athens and really wanting to cover the context of just a small part of Paul's ministry, but yet a very important one. And as we go through some history and some facts about Athens and even some of the things that Paul is saying here, it's not solely academic because there's a lot to learn from it. Scripture was given to us for our learning, for our benefit. And even understanding the context and what is meant is beneficial to us. And as we look at, I hope that you can do something to see the the social and political climate that Paul is facing in that day uh is applicable to the day that we live in now. what we see then at the outset of the gospel going to the Gentiles, we see now in the time that we're living in, there's a lot of parallels. And so what we're looking at here and even in this picture that we have here presented as an artistic rendering from the 1700s of Paul standing there in Mars Hill, uh, preaching the gospel and sharing these things with the men and visitors there in Athens. And as the gospel is going to these other nations or as the Bible would call them Gentiles, God is using a prophet and the prophet is using poets. And it's something very special to see here and learn. And I think it's exciting just to kind of understand better even what Paul was using because for us we want God to use us today. Uh we want to know understand better how we can be a witness. And so here we can see even more details on the art of witnessing and then even ourselves being a work of God. So, if you just look at verse 16 in the same chapter, I'm not uh feeling rushed or anything, but I just have a very short thought to share and I trust it' be a blessing to you. We are still on Europe time and so I'm liable to fall asleep at 4:00 in the morning, my body's time. Uh but you just pray for all of us. If you see my family sleeping, it's not because they've just checked out on my ministry. It's because they're tired. Acts 17:16, it speaks in the prior verse how that Paul, excuse me, Silas and Timothy uh are going to be coming uh to Athens as well. But it says, "Now why Paul waited for them at Athens, his spirit was stirred in him when he saw the city wholly given to idolatry." So just imagine what he's experiencing and what he is seeing. He says, "Therefore disputed he in the synagogue with the Jews and with the devout persons and in the market daily with them that met with him." So there's a lot here that's being presented just a couple sentences and kind of outlining the scene as Paul arrives in Athens and it says that he sees the idolatry. He's kind of moved in his spirit, moved with compassion. And then it says that he disputed, but the word there means he held conversations. he spoke or even he preached with them the Jews, the devout persons and those in the market that met with him and this time that Paul is arriving on the scene uh in that first century kind of look at Athens historically during Greece's golden age. Athen was the home to many great philosophers. Socrates, Pericles, Plato were some of the ones that you would recognize at their names. It was a center of philosophy and science and literature, art. uh there was a great ancient university that was founded there. It was an intellectual meeting place and so it was a thriving city. It's known as the birthplace of western civilization. And in the first century maybe it was living a lot on its past glory and its former glory in prior centuries. And this place here where Paul is the Acropolis, that high city, it held many fifth century buildings. And so he's amongst these at Mars Hill there. He's amongst just a lot of beautiful architecture and even the testimony to just how great great the uh Greek Empire was in the city of Athens. And as Paul is standing there, Athens is so full of idolatry that he's provoked. He he got he has to preach the gospel. He's not going to wait for Silas and Timothy to show up. He begins to speak and share the gospel. And in verse 18 it says, 'Then certain philosophers of the Epicurans and of the Stoics encountered him, and some said, "What will this babbler say? Others, some, he seemth to be a setter forth of strange gods because he preached unto them Jesus and the resurrection." So each one of these responses that are being provided here speaks to how those in Athens were receiving the things that Paul was sharing with them. The Epicurans and the Stoics as they are hearing what he's saying, they call him a babbler or they say he's setting forth strange gods, which is kind of interesting considering just all the deities uh that they believed in. But to them, it was a new god. It was a something different that they had seen before because now he's preaching one Jesus who's raised from the dead, which would have challenged a lot of notions that they had in their philosophies. Bear with me as we look at this. The Epicurans, they followed the ancient Greek philosopher Epicurius. Uh he himself as a philosopher is kind of come trying to come up with a practical guide for happiness. And you don't need to write the name down because he doesn't really provide it. But his philosophy emphasized the pursuit of happiness through attaining pleasure and avoiding pain. And we all said that sounds reasonable. You know, avoid pain and obtain pleasure. That was kind of his philosophy. So he advocated for moderation. uh but then also this intellectual contemplation and he focused they focused on the natural world and the things around them and the human experience that we have in it maximize pleasure reduce pain. They believed in materialism the things that could be seen the things that could be felt and because they were so focused on how can we get as much pleasure out of the world and keep ourselves from as much pain as possible they were really skeptical of anything that they deemed to be superstitious and they didn't believe in divine revelation. These are just the Epicurans how they lived and they kind of felt that well our life is going to end one day. So basically there's nothing better than to just enjoy ourselves. There was no higher purpose to life. They didn't think that there was something in the end that they would face on the other side of death. So any belief that presented the supernatural or that was based upon or that spoke of life after death, the epician just said this is just this is just the fear of man coming up with something to plate our minds because of his apprehension of our condition and what's going to be when we die. And so they were skeptical of any religion that spoke of something after death. The Epicurans together with the Stoics and the Skeptics formed a significant part of the Hellenistic philosophy that predominated Greek Greece. Now the Stoics, it's spelled with the K here. Kind of like this spelling, but you might find it to be spelled differently. The word stoic comes from just even the portico or the porch from where they spoke and delivered these things. Now, you're thinking, "Wow, I I did I I didn't take philosophy in college just for this very reason that I'm experiencing right now." But this is in the Bible. These are some things that we can gather and understand who was Paul talking to who is he addressing and what's interesting for myself is I gave myself some time saying who are the epicurans today who are the stoics today how does it look today when we face a similar situation and the stoics they believe that the universe operated according to reason and that god a god or this divine power was in nature itself and you might have heard of some of the great minds in stoicism cynica marcus Aurelius uh were the some of the proponents of stoicism. In a lot of ways, the stoics were the opposite of the Epicurans. So now you have two opposing factions that are gathering together to listen to Paul. And their ethics in a lot of way protested that moral indifference of the Epicurans. And it was they taught harmony with nature. They taught that there was a universal good. And their fundamental maxim or teaching was there was you should have this indifference to pleasure and pain and all external good or evil. Uh but you but you to uh to live a moral life. A lot of ways people say that Christianity is based on some of the same thoughts of the stoics but really theirs was in the basis of pride. But both the Epicurans and Stoics, so regardless of what human philosophy you held, they respond to the gospel with skepticism. They call him a babbler or ridicule. But yet the newness of it kind of intrigues him a little bit. So in verse 19, they the Epicurans and the Stoics and those that encountered him took him and brought him unto Aropagus. So now they're going to Mars Hill. They're wanting to go to this place where he can share more of what he believes. And they can examine this, saying, "May we know what this new doctrine whereof thou speakest? For thou bringest certain strange things to our ears, we would know therefore what these things mean." And then there's context given in verse 21 kind of uh what they're thinking and what's in their heart. For all the Athenians and the strangers which were there spent their time in nothing else but either to tell or to hear some new thing. This was the original Twitter. These this was the original forums and the doom scrolling. They just showed up because they wanted to hear something new, a new take, something different. And so really what we see here is this Athenian character. What was new was already at the present becoming stale. And so they wanted they crave something more new. Speaks to the day and age we're living in now where the very moment that you get something brand new. It's already as soon as you have it and and peeled off the sticker, it's already become old and the clock is ticking when you're going to feel like ah I really want to replace this with something else. And so the Atheians were even though there was new things coming, they're already getting old to them. And they wanted, they craved. What is it this Paul is saying? This this babbler saying because maybe this is something else we could sink our teeth into and learn from. But now in verse 22, it says, "Then Paul stood in the midst of Mars Hill and said, "Ye men of Athens, I perceive that in all things you are too superstitious. For as I passed by and beheld your devotions." Now, if we could just pause for a moment, what Paul says here is he's he's not wanting to offend them. I mean, he's just kind of been brought to this great court or this gathering area to speak to these people and these learned men and these wise men and these philosophers, strangers from all over the world and people coming to this area. He's not wanting just to come right out and punch them in the face. But he commends their dedications when it says you are too superstitious. He's saying you're greatly addicted to religious practices. You're much given to uh religious worship. There's a dedication and a ferveny there. So, it's not that he's saying, "Hey, I think you guys are a little bit overblown here." But he's commending them for being seekers for their worship. He says, "For as I passed by and beheld your devotions, and these would be different uh works of art that were consecrated to their religions or their beliefs. And he beholds one among many that references the unknown or hidden God." It says, "For I beheld this inscription. I I found on an altar with this inscription to the unknown God, whom therefore ye ignorantly worship, him I declare unto you." Now this would have been an attention getter I think because amongst all their their works of art and their erections of of figures and pillars and devotions and altars uh they had different gods and different beings and deities and things that they would revere and they would be images of long-held beliefs and philosophies. But there's one that's to this hidden god or this unknown god and maybe one uh that to the the stoics was hidden in nature or this one that you couldn't really deeply know personally and yet they worshiped at this and he's saying this one that you do not know that you worship not knowing him I'm going to make him known to you. So he's actually pointing to something that they had amongst themselves that they worshiped. And so he recognizes this work of art of theirs, this uh devotion, and he's wanting to bring the gospel to those who've been influenced by the philosophies of the ancient world. There's going to be a way that they think. There's a way that they process information. He's already heard them calling him a babbler and an offer of strange gods. And so Paul is very much aware of who his audience is. It's in the context of the city of Athens. It's audience of Athenians and strangers. And so this place where he's speaking and those that are around him give us are helpful or important to what he says. I'm just failing to remember now just exactly in Acts. It might have been a chapter 16 or maybe 18 where uh we use the phrase that when in Rome do as the Romans and how that Paul was very careful about Timothy being circumcised but Titus not being circumcised based upon the audience and the one to whom they're trying to influence and gain and win to the Lord. And so this city of Athens could boast that it produced some of the greatest artists, the greatest writers and the greatest thinkers and philosophies that the world had ever known. called Athens the cradle of democracy. It was a a center of learning. It was a leader of the civilized world. And now Paul is saying there's things that you don't know that you have just accepted as being unable to be known. And I want to make that thing known to you. And he begins in verse 24 by saying God that made the world and all things therein, seeing that he is Lord of heaven and earth dwelleth not in temples made with hands. There's a he's obviously speaking to something that would be contrary to an idea that they held before. We could erect an image or an altar and we could say that this embodies a deity or a thought or God is in all nature or God is in this institution. He's saying this Lord, this God of heaven and earth and remember that phrase, this Lord of heaven and earth because he's not speaking to Jews. Right. He He's not preaching to those who believe that God was in heaven and that the tabernacle that they worshiped in was made after a pattern of what was in heaven. He's speaking to those who did not know the one true God and actually referred to an unknown God that could not be known. And he says he is Lord, this God, this unknown God who dwells in heaven. He created all the heavens and the earth and he is in heaven and earth, but he dwells not in temples made with hands. Neither is worship with men's hands as though he needed anything seeing he giveth to all life and breath and all things. Uh let each one of these elements kind of hold in your mind as he's saying he's lord of heaven and earth. He dwells not in temples made with hands. He's neither worshiped with men's hands as though he needed anything. And then he says see if he giveth to all life, breath, and all things. Going to find that this is something that they would have said. Okay. Yeah, I I see what you're saying there. I believe that. He says, "And he made of one blood all nations for men to dwell on all the face of the earth and had determined the times before appointed in the bounds of their habitation." In a lot of ways, what what Paul is doing is he's affirming some things and then contradicting others. And this is a by the way he puts this forth how that God has set and determined the times before appointed. It's a rejection of the the chance of the Epicurans that just get as much as you can out of life and avoid as much pain as possible and the fate of the Stoics who held to things maybe being more predetermined. So in both ways he's kind of or he's or the fate of Stoics rather that they just kind of they they followed something uh unseen. So he kind of rejecting both of their ideologies and it possibly could have been offensive to the Athenians who thought did not think that all mankind was the same. they were very much uh looked down upon the barbarians and the uneducated. So Paul is not just kind of uh turning upside down everything they believe, but nor is he just patting them on the back and saying everything you think is believe is well. But look at 1 Corinthians chapter 9 22 and 23. We're making such great time tonight. I love it. This is wonderful. And even if it would just be a half hour, there's enough here for us to chew on, to think about, to ponder, to consider. In 1 Corinthians chapter 9, I just made some people hopeful that it could indeed be a half hour. 1 Corinthians chapter 9:es 22 and 23. Kind of like how brother Reggie said in closing. And I had the benefit of being able to see just how much longer he preached. And I'm thinking, okay, all right. I like this. We're getting some we're having some precedent for a 30-minute close. In 1 Corinthians chapter 9 22 and 23 he says the weak became to the weak became I as weak. Remember to the Jew a Jew to those with the law as with the law and those without the laws without the law. He says to the weak became I weak that I might gain the weak. I have made all things to all men that I might by all means save some. He knew he couldn't save them all. But he would become to all men something to them so that he could save them. And this I do for the gospel's sake. Not his own. Not for popularity. Not for acceptance. not acceptance or his ego, but I do this for the gospel sake that I might be a partaker thereof with you. As you look into these scriptures and find what Paul is saying and preaching here to the Athenians, you find that he was earnestly trying to adapt the gospel to his audience. He was doing the best he could to find look in their heart and find something common and something that he could use to provoke so that he could by all means gain some. Right. So in verse 27, he says that they should seek the Lord. As we go back to Acts chapter 17, he says, "This God who made the world and all things therein, he's made of one blood all nations to dwell that they should seek the Lord." This is what all humanity should do. He's not making a distinction among the Greeks or the or the Jews or the barbarians. He's saying we're all men of the same blood. and that all of us, not just the learned, not just the citizens of Greece or or the citizens of Rome, uh they should all seek the Lord if happily they might feel after him and find him though he be not far from every one of us. This is a great contradiction to them as they have already set in stone and kind of given God his ultimate description, the unknown God. He is not one that we can feel after and find. He's not one that is nearest. He's he's beyond. But he says, "For in him we live and move and have our being." How many have heard this preached on even by myself preached on how in him we live and move and have our being that our existence is in God and our animation in life is in God. Our identity is in God. But he's speaking to them and to them they're picking up what he's laying down. He says, "For in him we live and move and have our being is certain also of your own poets." So here's the prophet and now here's your poets. your own poets have said, for you're also his offspring. Paul's not talking to the Jews whose poets would have been David or the poets would have been a prophet or a writer of an of a the Old Testament. He's speaking to the Greeks. Your own poets, your own Grecian poets have said, "For you're also his offspring." To reach this audience of unbelievers, Paul quotes their popular culture. He's quoting from even their own belief system and their own writings. He quotes famous Grecian poets and he's showing that he's familiar with their culture. So he's showing that oh this isn't just somebody coming here to tell us what to do but he shows he's familiar with their writings, their beliefs and their culture. And he uses at this time in this first century he's using popular lingo and ideas of the Stoics and the Epicurans that would have been relevant in the first century Athens. And even by doing this he's using some say well why would he quote a Greek poet to try to support what he's saying? Bless God. He should just give the proverbs. Just read Isaiah the prophet. Tell him what Elijah is going to do when he comes back. But he uses he enhances his argument by using the authority that even the Athenians would respect. He said you you believe this yourself and you understand this yourself. And this is the phrase for we are also his offspring. This is what he says. For also of your own poets plural have they have have said for we are also his offspring. Word for word. It's the first half of the fifth line of an astronomical poem. It is a phrase from a famous poem called phenomena phenomena by artistus of Solai and that's is uh I don't know how old this printing is but that's in the Greek. He was a Greek poet of Salissia. You might remember that that's a place that was familiar to Paul. It's a native place of Paul. He wrote this about 277 years before Christ. Historically after the Iliad and the Odyssey, Phenomena was one of the most widely read poems in the ancient world. It's translated in Latin by Oid and Cicero. It was one of the few Greek poems translated into Arabic. Arabic. It was something that would have been known to the the Greeks. Maybe not to a Jew, but maybe those who learned there. Uh maybe not something understood by Christians uh in Jerusalem, but this is something that Paul knew that they knew. Something Paul may have learned as a child having been from Cissia and him being learned himself. says here is that he quotes from their own poet. He quotes from this famous poem and what it says here that is recorded here in the Greek and all you Greek I can tell you people who know Greek you're already way ahead of me here but this is the full poem and then it comes to that that word for word the first half of the fifth line is for we are also his offspring but as I read this notice just how closely he's already tracking it in his sermon on Mars Hill let us begin from Job let every mortal raise his grateful voice to the tune to tune Job's endless praise. Job here is Zeus or Jupiter. Job fills the heaven, the earth, the sea, the air. Notice how closely this is to what he has said previously. We feel his spirit moving here and everywhere for we are also his offspring. He quotes it word for word. He's tracking even in in this that we seen he give all life and breath and all things. And so he's weaving in and out. Let us begin from Job. Let us begin from Zeus. Let us begin from Jupiter. Let every mortal raise Zeus's grateful voice to the tune to tune Zeus's endless praise. Zeus fills the heaven, the earth, the sea, the air. We feel his spirit moving here and everywhere. For we are also his offspring. These words are also found in a hymn written by Cleanths entitled him to Jupiter. Cleanths was a stoic philosopher. He was a genuinely religious man. He was someone that is very devoted. This hymn that he wrote is considered one of the most noble pieces of natural religion or pagan religion in the whole world of pagan antiquity. It is viewed as a a great uh hymn or poem but to a pagan deity because to a stoic now think about this just how incredible this is. He says to the unknown god and Paul preaches this sermon. It's just such an incredible just a few words that we see here in these few sentences. But to a stoic like Cleanths, God was unknown, right? He was this unknown living power that was imminent in nature and he could not be personal, could not be discovered, could not be handled, could not be felt, could not be sought after and known. But yet he's saying that we might feel after him and find him because he's not far from every one of us. And he's actually pointing out some inherent contradiction to say, well, you believe that you're his offspring, but you can't know him as a father. You can't seek him or find him. He's in everything and everywhere. And so here in this hymn to Jupiter here you could see it's written in the Greek but this is how it's written. This is the phrase is here in this and where it resolves on a similar phrase of we are also his offspring. Most glorious of immortals mighty God invoked by many a name. Oh sovereign king of universal nature piloting this world in harmony with law. Very astute observations. Remember the Jews knew God because he manifested himself to them, spoke to them. They heard his voice and said, "Don't talk to us anymore. Let your prophet speak to us." But to the Greeks, they didn't know him. To the Gentiles, they didn't know him. But yet, there is some knowledge of God as some divine. There there's some kind of inspiration. He's a universal. He's everywhere. They invoke him by many different names, but he pilots this world in harmony with law. Glenthy's uh hymn to Jupiter covers these like 40some different constellations. It's a very it's much larger than just the portion we're reading here. It says, "All hail thee. It is meat that mortals should invoke. For we thine offspring are soul of all created things that live and move on earth receive from thee the image of the one. In him we live and move and have our being." the soul of all created things that live and move on earth receive from thee the image of you of the one for we thine offspring are they worshiped a god they didn't know they used phrases of most glorious immortal mighty God sovereign king the creator from which all life springs let us begin from Job let every mortal raise his grateful voice to tune Job's endless praise Jehovah fills the heaven, the earth, and sea. We could very well say, "Let us begin from Jehovah." Let every mortal raise his grateful voice to tune Jehovah's endless praise. Jehovah fills the heaven, the earth, the sea, the air. We feel his spirit moving here and everywhere. For we are also his offspring. You'll find that a lot of the philosophers spoke of God, spoken of a deity and a divine, but they didn't know him in the way that a Jew would know him. They certainly didn't know him in a way that a Christian could know him before there was even a Christ. Right? So, we can see they're wrestling with something as Plato said, "God is in no wise and in no manner unrighteous, but utterly and perfectly righteous." And there's nothing so like him as that one of us who in turn becomes most nearly perfect in righteousness. It is herein that the true cleverness of a man is found and also his worthlessness and cowardness. For the knowledge of this is wisdom or true virtue, and ignorance of it is folly or manifest wickedness. He's saying a whole lot that we might think could be written in the New Testament. Something that could have been written in our Old Testament. God is not unrighteous, but he's utterly perfect. And there's nothing like him. And if there's any true cleverness, it's found in this in this understanding. For knowledge of this is wisdom and true virtue. The fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom. But to ignore the ignorance of this is the folly or manifest wickedness. This is Plato. But what is he speaking of? form a form of good. He's not speaking of the one true God through knowledge or revelation, but he's thinking in terms of his philosophy trying to deduce things of man and what would be and give meaning. He says these forms of good that he saw these different forms. Here was this form of good, this abstract transcendent entity entity that he felt served for the foundation of all morality and truth. And he would call him Zeus, Jupiter, Jove or God. But he's not the God that the Hebrews knew. Even though it's the same God, he didn't know him like the Jews knew. Paul said it this way in Ephesians chapter 4 vers 17, 18, and 19. I think we've read these even recently, so we could just kind of bounce right over. He says, "This I say therefore, and testify in the Lord, that you henceforth walk not as other Gentiles walk in the vanity of their mind." Right? Not necessarily shallow, ignorant, barbaric creatures, but in the vanity of their philosophies, and the way that they're trying to explain everything and understand everything that just got them further and further at God, from God, having the understanding darkened, being alienated from the life of God through the ignorance that is in them because of the blindness of their heart, who being past feeling have given themselves over into lasciviousness, to work all uncleanness with greediness. avoid all pain and get as much pleasure as you can. The Epicurans, the Stoics, whatever branch of philosophy that you chose to accept without a revelation of God, it was all, it was worthless. It was ignorance. In Romans 1:es 20 to 23, for the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and godhead, so that they are without excuse. Plato is without excuse. He wrote so pointedly about it. He could see certain things. But yet there's something that they failed to seek, something they failed to desire. They build up this wall where he cannot be known. He says, "Because that when they knew God, they glorified him not as God, neither were thankful, but became vain in their imaginations. The foolish heart was dark and professing themselves to be wise, they became fools, and changed the glory of the uncorruptible God into an image made like to corruptible men and to birds and to for-footed beasts and creeping things." In some ways, he has just summarized all Greek mythology, the religions of man and all their ways of trying to explain creation and tell stories of with the the the heroic arc and these different journeys and ways that they tried to just summarize how we all got here and where we're going and these great moralities and truths. It says they could have known God, but they became vain, became fools. And here the Epicurans and the Stoics could use a language of a God who is a no why and no no wise and in no manner unrighteous. One whom every mortal should raise their grateful voice to. The one that fills the heaven, the earth, the sea, whose spirit moves here and everywhere. The one who is the most glorious of immortals. The invoked by many a name, the sovereign king of nature, palading the world in the harmony in harmony with law. They can see not only that he was a creator, but he was a sustainer. For we are also, they say, his offspring. For we thine offspring are the soul of all created things that live and move on earth. Quite a quite an understanding on some level tapping into some great truth. But then Paul says, "Your own poets have said that we are also his offspring." So verse 29, Acts chapter 17 29, he says, "For as much then as we are the offspring of God," he's using their language. Maybe if it was in today's terms, it might have not been that they not like us, it'd be like we're like him. Use a language they could understand. We ought to not think that the Godhead is like unto gold or silver or stone graven by art in man's devices. He's in the center of arts. The the man's devices is in the center of man's devices and intellect and knowledge and wisdom. He's not like gold or silver or stone graven by art and man's devices. These are the things that they would have thought God has represented in and dwelt in. In the times of this ignorance, this is really escalates. The time of this ignorance, God winked at. There was a time when God would have forgiven you and just looked right past it when you ought to have known him. He became vain in your imaginations. There's a time when your own ignorance about this unknown god that you worshiped, he would have winked at. But now commandeth all men everywhere to repent. Amen. Because he hath appointed a day in which that he will judge the world in righteousness by that man whom he hath ordained. Amen. Because they believed in righteousness. They believed that there was some maybe attaining too righteous. There's nothing so like him as that one of us who in turn becomes most nearly perfect in righteousness. Plato speaking of this almost alluding to the stature of a perfect man and one that be could become perfectly righteous holding no one righteousness. And now he says that there the times of your ignorance of God are over. And you now have to repent for not knowing him because there's going to come a day when he's going to judge the world by that one whom he has ordained this righteous man. He never names the name. You'll find that there on Mars Hill. He never invokes the name of Jesus. Never invokes the name of Christ as much as we could see here as he may have done earlier in the markets. But now he says he's appointed a day in which he'll judge the world by it righteous by that man whom he hath ordained. Who is this man? Who is this righteous one? Wherefore he's given assurance unto all men and that he raised him from the dead. Now here's your strange God. You know, it's really good for us to think about this because we're we're raised in Christian homes, raised most of us in message believing homes and there's a lot of things that we believe and are very familiar to us and we just kind of accept them as true and real. But really, if you think about it from maybe a heathen standpoint, like come on, seriously, run that by me one more time. Tell me again what this however it is you came up with this story of this one who died and rose again and and now you're going to be baptized in water and your spirit's going to return. You're going to do this and you're going to do that. But he's saying it with such authority. He's raised him from the dead. And when they heard of the resurrection of the dead, some mocked. They laughed at him, scorned him. And others said, "We will hear thee again on this matter." In other words, it's more their itching ears and says, "So Paul departed from among them." He leaves Mars Hill. You just look at the sermon. The sermon is very short, but it was so rich. It was maybe in some ways akin to the Gettysburg Address. He's not blustering for hours upon hours, but he comes and he just delivers something very short but very memorable. Something that spoke to the moment, to the need. Athens is the birthplace of modern civilization. To me, represents the seed of Satan's Eden. Today, it's an unknown Christ. Think of the parallel. To them they had a language that described a deity and a god. But now it's an unknown Christ. Despite the hymns, the praise, the lip service to Christ, he's become an unknown Christ. And though we stand amongst different cathedrals and devotions and altars, they worship a God they don't really know. They know him in language. They know him in phrases. They know him in forms. But yet, do they truly know him as they ought to know him? Paul castigated them for their ignorance. Brother Brandham, the indictment says, 'Now what do they do? They don't know it. They didn't know it. Today, men walk ignorantly. I know I read this statement quite a bit. He says, but today men walk ignorantly. They don't know that's the truth. They think it's some kind of ism, right? That we could have branches of philosophy. We could have schools of philosophy and thought, well, my take on it is this and my take isn't on that. in religion and Christianity has become nothing more than another Athens with different schools of phil philosophy, Epicurans and Stoics and skeptics. He says they don't dig down deep enough to get in the spirit of revelation. They don't pray enough. They don't call upon God enough. They just take it. Oh, well, I believe they just lightly take it. Oh, I believe there's a God. Sure. Plato believed in a God. Socrates believed in a God. Aristotle believed in a god. The Epicurans, the Aratus, Cleanths, Pericles, Marcus Aurelius, Plutus Maximus, they all believed. They all believed in God. He says the devil believes the same thing. The devil believes it's more than some people claim to believe it. The devil believes it and trembles. People just believe it and go on. But the devil trembles knowing his judgment's coming. And people believe it and don't pay attention to the judgment coming. This is exactly what Paul is saying. He said, "Listen, you can debate this all you want to, but time's up. There's no more debating. There's no more pouring through this trying to figure out, well, which philosophy explains life better." He says, "You got to come and repent." Guilty of crucifying him. I indict this generation, finding them guilty by the same word that found them guilty at the beginning. Jesus said, "Who can condemn me?" He was the word made flesh. And today, the same word is made flesh. there upon that hill that day, Paul the prophet was preaching Christ. And it says that they begin to laugh at him, mock him, and he leaves. And in verse 34, as he's leaving, and it might seem to be that his sermon or what he had to share was without effect, but as he's leaving, it says, "Certain men clave unto him and believed. Among the witch was Deionius, the Aeropagite, Pagite, and a woman named Dearis, and others with them. This one Dionys was a judge in the court there at Aropagus. He was one that would sit and judge. He was a learned man. He was a devout man. And the prophet used the poets to catch the attention of those that were ordained eternal life. It may have seemed as if it was rejected. And on a whole, we could say yes, it was rejected and everything he was doing, it wasn't to save them all, but he labored to save the sum. And he quotes from this these different poems. He uses a sermon that weaves in and out of the one the the phenomena, the one that would weave through the hymn of Jupiter. And he's saying, "There's a little bit here you have. There's a little bit here you have. But let me tie it together to show you what you're missing." Paul used the arts to portray a gospel in a real relatable and relevant way to save some. Even if it was just those two, it was worth it. Paul, as I've studied this and looked at this, he delivered a master class to the Athenians that day. A and it wasn't again, it wasn't over on and on. You're just reading chapter 20, chapter 30, chapter 40, and he's just going on and on and on. I My sermon tonight is much longer than what his was. But he does something in a way to present to them things that they revered, things that they believed in, ideology that they had. And he says, "Look, your own prophets have written these poems. They've sang these songs. They've given these hymns. This is what they believed." And do you not realize that the hope of everything they're speaking of here, you can know? He showed them and identified where the leaven was, where the heir was. And I want us to kind of take a cue from that. I'm just there there's a lot that could be said even about that phrase. We were also his offspring. Isn't there a great truth in that that we come from God? You go and find in the end of brother Brandon's ministry over and over again, your life, your life was from him. There's this germ. There's this beginning. And he's eliciting this very thing that we come from God in the identified masterpiece of God. He says, "Brethren, God had a masterpiece then to present the world to the world." Jesus Christ, he was that identified masterpiece of God. Now we see Paul preaching a masterpiece and given a master class on Christ, preaching this masterpiece that was rejected and crucified, but then rose on the third day. And brother Bam says now he wants a masterpiece today. And he says, 'Are you willing? Are you ready, my Christian friend? Why? Because God wants to present a masterpiece to the world today. There has to be some presentation today of Christ. He says, "Are you really sure that your life is so reflecting Christ? No matter what the world says, they say you lost your mind. You gone crazy. You went and joined that bunch of holy rollers. Don't pay no attention to that. If you're not really truly saved and in the body and the word of God in you and reflect itself and the life of Christ reflecting out of you, brother, sister, don't you take that chance. I don't care what you are, what kind of experiences you have. Let that word reflect through you each day because God in this last days has taken a bride for his son Jesus Christ. I believe that your life in some ways should be a master class to those that can relate to you, right? that we could be praying and asking God, "How is it that I can so not so much preach a sermon like Paul did and his education and his knowledge and his connection to the Greeks and even his reading himself of these?" He's quoting the poets. Why? Because he knew him. He didn't have chat GPT to write a sermon for him. What poets, what philosophers could I quote in a a homaly here? What could I give in a haik coup in such a way to where I can get this across in a way that uses their sayings and their belief systems but yet presents Jesus Christ. He knew it. He was familiar with it. But I said, "God will always bear witness. Your life will bear witness." He says, "I don't know what your testimony is." This is in the Hebrew series. He says, "I don't know what your testimony is, but your life speaks so loud your voice can't be heard." He says, "But your living, your everyday life will testify what you are." What we do here is wonderful. Church services are awesome. I love them. I'm glad you show up for them. Something that I'm called to, my family's called to. So maybe in our lives, this has a lot more preeminence and a lot more weight on us. And we come to church and uh and maybe we interpret things and view things very differently as a family and as a pastor. And then so there's a lot of emphasis that we could put on this and maybe ourselves who show up on a Wednesday night, we're like, man, this is where it at. This is where the real Christians are. But you know what matters is the everyday life because that's what testifies what you are. Anybody can show dedication to a two-hour time slot twice a week. And some people do it on a two-hour time slot every morning of the week. They're dedicated to their altars. They're dedicated to the devotions, their belief systems. He says, "Your living, your everyday life will testify what you are. Your life will bear witness." I was reading a lot in the sermon, leadership this week, and just some of the themes that Brother Bam's pulling from and how that as you even begin your life, something's leading you. I've been thinking about how we influence others and the testimony that we give. And every one of us is called to express God. Paul was called to go to Rome. He was called to stand in these places, even here in Athens on Mars Hill, and to preach a sermon that we could never preach. To say it in ways that Peter could never say it. To say it in ways that those other Jewish disciples could have never been able to phrase it that way. They would have been perceived as an outsider and somebody who's just pretending, opposer, pretender. the sermon leadership. He says, I just I'm this is my last this is my last uh last thing I'm going to read just so you can believe me. The rest will just be on pure inspiration. I'm I'm closing with this unless somebody wants to put this together. Jack, if I need to, I might need those notes back because if I I may be making a huge mistake here. He says in the sermon, "Leadership, I know that's stern, a cutting message, brother. Listen to this. But I didn't come here and choose a message to the people to just try to make them sing, shout, and holler." I've been in heathen meetings where they've done the same thing. I'm interested in your life. Do you realize just what for a lot of people in Leodysia, for a lot of stoics and Epicurans and and skeptics, if they showed up at our church services or special meetings and like what kind of party is this? You know what? What are they vaping? What are they smoking? What are they ingesting? How did I miss the acid tablets when I got in here? These people are acting crazy. But he says, I didn't come here to preach a message to try to make them sing, shout, and holler. I've been in heathens where they did the same thing. I'm interested in your life. This is what we ought to be interested in. I'm a servant of God that's got an answer to God someday. And the ministry that God Lord has given me has vindicated itself thousands of times before you. I believe this is in some way. This is the prophet too. In the same way that Paul stood there before the Gentiles at the initiation of the church. Here's a prophet at the end of this gentile uh dispensation. Remember Jesus said, "Follow me. Follow me. Get rid of what you got and follow me." So what Paul was asking those Epicurans and Stoics and skeptics, those strangers in Athenia and the Athenians themselves, follow me. And that's the only way to have eternal life. That's the only remedy he gave this man was the only remedy he gives the businessman. It's the only remedy that he gives anybody. His choice, he makes his decision. It's perfect every time. Musicians, come to your instruments if you would. He says, "And we must follow him. It's the only way to have eternal life. So the leadership of God is follow the vindicated word of the hour by the Holy Ghost. This is him taking interest in your life, not in your singing, shouting and hollering. You can take an interest in that. But the word, the leadership of God is the leadership of God is follow the vindicated. The word vindicated word of the hour by the Holy Ghost. There's a lot we can learn about how Paul used the poets to get their attention. Say, "Lord, use me. Use me." This is part of just the inspiration even that I have to even look into a subject of art, bring certain things out because we want this gospel to reach the lost, those that are hungry, those that are thirsting. And it may not be on a whole the masses saying, "Oh, that's awesome. That's wonderful." They may very well mock and deride and call it babbling. Paul comes later to the Corinthians says, "Man, to the Greeks, foolishness." having this experience himself. This gospel to the Greeks is foolishness. But there was a demaris there that day. There was a judge there that day and they said even that judge that one was uh made an elder and a bishop in the church there in Athens. It's a great rich history in the history of the church and there were others that heard and believed. It's not going to be just one great big upswell revival where in thousands come, but there's enough to be gleaned in our own families, in our own homes, in our own lives, the fruits of the spirit to be made manifest. Lord, help us to be impacted by the gospel and may the gospel use us for God's glory. If we could stand to our feet. Thank you for your attention tonight. [Music] I accidentally tore up Sunday's notes. So, I have to start all No, those are God help us. Such a wonderful atmosphere here. I think our church has such a has been woven together in a very precious way. God's doing great things amongst us. Don't be discouraged. God is moving. If you don't feel it in your own life, believe for it. There are certain markers we look for and whether I'm looking for this to believe God's moving and I want to feel this to believe God's moving. Just look to his word. Follow the vindicated word of the hour by the Holy Spirit. Call upon God for revelation. Dig down deep. Get in the spirit of the revelation of the word of God. And don't be so distracted by some sort of historical uh microcosm or some emblem of what the message is supposed to represent and be. Know Christ personally. Know him. Let him lead you. Let him guide you. Be confident that there is a known God that can make himself known to others and to you. And so, let's not use the metrics of the world to determine whether or not God's moving. There's a lot of pains. There's a lot of pressing. There's a lot of things that come in upon us, whether it be financial or emotional, and a lot of different things. And we use these certain markers of bank account, economics, and and we get so caught up in that that were no different than the philosophers of days gone by. What made Paul different is his Jewish philosophy had been upturned by a revelation of Jesus Christ. And I believe that we can know him in a personal way. Let's pray. Gracious heavenly father, Lord, I pray for these people tonight that stand before me that are so desirous of you that they faithfully Lord, I'm looking out upon a congregation that Wednesday after Wednesday after Wednesday they're here. You can pretty much count on it. The doors are open. They'll be here. And Lord, I do not believe they come to a Mars Hill to have their ears tickled or to hear about strange gods. But Lord, they come because they want to know you more. They need something to meet them in the journey that they're in to sustain them. a message, Lord, that'll be preached, that'll wash away their fears, that'll heal heal their sick parts, that'll open up the path before them so they can know what to do on a Thursday morning. Lord, I want to say that I'm interested in their life. That as a church, we're interested in their life. We're not just trying to come up with a form where we can say amen. We can hoop and holler, sing, shout, or just observe church order perfectly. But we've we gather because we're interested in others lives. And Lord, I pray that your your love would just be poured out upon them. That tonight as each one would leave, they would just feel a little bit lighter in their spirits, knowing that you are alive and well, that we are your children. And that in you, we have our full reality, that you are real to us. And having become real to us, Lord, give us a language where we can relate to others and we can become relatable to others so that we could bring a relevant gospel to them who sit on their own Mars Hill worshiping an unknown god, citing poems and hymns of of songwriters and playwrights and philosophers in modern times, but yet don't know you. And may we be able to proclaim a gospel of a Christ who's alive and well and a time of judgment that is coming. We're at the time of ignorance. It's over. The time has come. The delay is over. Now, now we must seek your face. Now we must follow on to know the Lord. May we become ourselves your own poetry, your own hymn, your own mystery made flesh. Lord, what an interesting place to sit. The disciples walked with Christ, handled him, saw him, were there in that upper room when the Holy Spirit was poured out. But now these Greeks are going to be told about that. They're not going to witness a crucifixion and a subsequent pouring out of your spirit, but they're going to be told that it happened. And with these babblers, so-called, the foolishness so-called, and the mockery and the laughter, there was those that heard it and believed, clung to Paul, recognizing life eternal. Lord, if there's any here who don't know you in that way, may they seek your face. May you not be an unknown god to them. May they not hide behind philosophy and isms, but may they seek your face. And Lord, I want to be a light. I want to be a voice, not to preach a sermon, but to live a life that'll bear witness of this great gospel. We commit the people to you now tonight. Asking that you bless those that'll be traveling soon. The coffee family going to a family camp in Idaho. Others in their family vacations. Some in deep struggles, Lord. Great darkness. There's powers that are trying to divide families and cause divorce and sickness and disease. Oh God, we withstand it. We know you're able. You're more powerful than any force that is upon this earth. Lord, we claim your blood. We apply the token. We stand together with those even those who might have disbelieved or blasphemed. Lord, we say, "Oh Lord, just once more. Don't judge it yet. Be graceful, Lord. Be come to their aid, their defense. Fight their battle, Lord. Be merciful, I pray. Lord, we just speak this under inspiration without any knowledge of forethought. Lord, believing that you're mindful. May you have grace upon us. I pray. We ask this in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
