################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-23 - Bro. Chris Cavanaugh Tethered - Chris Cavanaugh.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-23
Title:   Bro. Chris Cavanaugh: Tethered
Speaker: Chris Cavanaugh
Church:  Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BeiPy77D28A
========================================

Description:
Bro. Chris Cavanaugh: Tethered
Wednesday Service: July 23, 2025
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
just thankful for the the Lord that he's always mindful. He always knows everything that we have need of. Even sometimes if we don't know what we have need of, he knows. Uh and he's more than able to take care of all our needs at any time. And so we just appreciate that. We are so thankful for the Lord that he does these things for us that he keeps us uh even in strong trials, even in bitter times, even through the things that we don't even know that we're doing. Um sometimes you you get down the road in your life and you realize that maybe the things that you thought were going well or things that were, you know, everything was handled and everything was good and then you come to a point you realize, well, I guess it wasn't. Like I I guess I maybe got off the track here or got off the track there, but the Lord always knows and he can always bring us back to center &gt;&gt; because I think the middle of the road is where we want to be. That's where we try and live our life. And if you're a driver, of course, you don't want to be right down the center of the road where the split is, but you know what I'm saying? You want to be center of your lane &gt;&gt; because it gives you opportunity to to to veer where whichever way you need to to correct or to if you know something approaches we can handle that certain thing especially when it's a sudden thing. It allows you that opportunity to correct whatever we need to. So the closer they are to the middle the better off that we are. Um if you want to take your Bibles at second Timothy we're going to read scripture that we read the last time that we were with you. a preaching. I mean, I was here in the service, but not up here in the pulpit. So, and we're going to have two readings actually out of second Timothy. Lord willing, this time I got it right on the on the PowerPoint. Uh I'm not gifted at PowerPoint. Uh but I try. So, um I was never a PowerPoint preacher until I came here. Uh and then was introduced to it and uh doing my best. So uh if you can forgive my failures on that point uh and for last time being so uh how do I want to say a lot of anxiety because I had a lot going on at one time and then also preaching and preaching if you've never done it and I I don't know if there's any other preachers here this evening. Guess there maybe some but if you've never done it some people think like public speaking is an easy thing. I can tell you that when I was a kid, um I actually avoided public speaking at all costs. Was a very good speller and uh my English teacher was very frustrated with me because I would always wait until there was only a few candidates left and then I would misspell a word because they weren't going to get me up in front of an audience to spell anything. There was no way I was going to do it. That I when I did plays, there were speaking parts in the play. I never took one of them. And in fact, I was so nervous uh not having a speaking part that one time I pushed somebody right off the stage because I was trying to get off the stage myself quickly. So I still have that, you know, that's a part of me, but by the grace of God, he took that away to the point where now I can speak and I've spoken before probably hundreds, maybe thousand um before in other countries. Um so I'm grateful for that. And just, you know, for the young people, you might have things that right now seem like a struggle, but it doesn't mean that you're always going to stay in that place. And even for us old people, &gt;&gt; we might feel like we have struggles, but it doesn't mean that you're going to stay in that place because God is mindful of the struggle that you're going through. And he knows. Now, that's not our sermon tonight, but still, I feel led to say God is mindful. &gt;&gt; So, if you're going through a battle this evening, it's okay. God's mindful. But we're going to actually go in the sermon this evening a different direction. So 2 Timothy 1:es 13 to 14. And it says, "Hold fast the form of sound words which thou has heard of me in faith and love which is in Christ Jesus that good things which was committed that good thing which was committed unto thee keep by the Holy Ghost which dwelleth in us." and then uh to the second chapter, same book uh also in Timothy. And then we're going to read verses 14 and 15. And it says this says, "Of these things, put them in remembrance, charging them before the Lord, that they strive not about words to no profit, but to the subverting of the hearers. Study to show thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not be ashamed, rightly dividing the word of truth." So, let's just bow our heads for a word of prayer. Heavenly Father, we're thankful for this opportunity, Lord, to gather in your name, Father, to come and worship you, Lord. And we would that every time that we worship you, Father, it's from the depths of our heart, Father, realizing what great grace that we live under and that we've been made a part of, Lord. And we just appreciate everything that you've done for us, Father. We thank you for the songs that have been sung, for the folks that have gathered this evening, for the ones that are traveling. We pray that you'd bless them, Lord. May their time away from Arizona be a real refreshing time for them. Just bless our pastor. Pray that you'd keep him in all that he's doing, Lord. And Father, for the furtherance of this service, we just ask right now that you would take control of anything that's done, Lord, that we just commit it to you. Ask the Holy Ghost to come rule and reign in us this evening, Father. And we commit this now into your hands. We ask in Jesus name. God bless you. You can be seated. I never know if you should say take your seats because I if I say that I'm not sure where you're going to take them to. So we try not to actually go down that uh particular road. So um this evening I'm going to go through a number of things before I actually probably get into the depth of what I'm trying to convey. So excuse me. But we want to um speak tonight on the subject of tethered. And uh as you've seen before, I talk about astronauts and it's because we're in the astronaut age. Brother Brandham declared that we understand that we're in an astronaut age and there are special things about astronauts that nobody else does. And uh you know astronauts have the ability to get out of this atmosphere during the time of COVID. Guess what? They didn't have to worry about it because they were out of this atmosphere. They were somewhere else. And so while we got to spend our days suffering through the, you know, snotty noses and everything else, they didn't have to deal with that. An astronaut actually when they're out in space, they're not actually subject to gravity, at least not like we are, because they can get out and float all around. They've got some freedom going on. And so that's why we're talking about tethered this evening is that astronaut gets some freedom. And when he gets freedom, he's got to be tethered to that ship. So now the ship can be tethered to the the Earth by communication, but typically the astronaut is tethered actually by what you see there, that little red belt that he's wearing to keep him, make sure he stays with the ship. And now on Earth, we can uh if we have like a Tesla, we can go really fast, right? At least from the start to whatever's legal uh fairly quickly. Astronauts, they say, travel about 17,500 miles per hour if they're on the space station. You try and do that here and you would be undressed quickly because when you're in this atmosphere, it changes things. But there, you're completely covered, you're completely dressed, you're completely protected, and you're connected to something. And so, and with brother Brandham declaring that, he he, you know, through his ministry, there was always something that um brought out nature. And he would talk about, you know, rabbits and what they would do and we would he would talk about the trees and the law of the seed and how you could bring all these things and he would talk about nature. And then when he got actually toward the end of his ministry and the astronaut age had kicked off, he brought in how natural things that were occurring with man would actually show you that there's things going on with believers at the same time. And and you know the story where he used the, you know, the horse and the car and and so on. So we're not going to go back through that. But anyway, so just so that we understand for the young people and I don't I don't know if they still have tether ball. They had it a lot when I was a kid. But to be tethered to something, it means that there's something that connects something movable to something fixed for security or to limit movement. So the old tether ball, you had the lovely line that held the tether ball on there. And I can tell you if you ever hit the tether ball off, uh it would be painful if it hit you. Uh because you didn't want it. In fact, it was painful sometimes if it was tethered. But if it wasn't tethered and that thing came off of there and whacked somebody, it was a pretty good pretty good whack. And back in the day when I played tether ball, they used to have a little knob on the top of the thing. And you never wanted to hit that knob because if you hit now, they they hide it in the ball, which is really awesome. But in those days, they didn't hide it in the ball. So, and a tether ball looks kind of like a soccer ball, but you don't really want to play soccer with it because if you hit that thing that's buried or, you know, standing out on the thing, it's it's not great. So, you want it to stay tethered to the pole because it's staying tethered to something. It can move. It can do things, right? But it needs to stay tethered to the pole in order for the game to be played, in order for that to take place. So, uh, I just want to do just a little bit of review because we talked before, um, about water and I wanted to make sure that we conveyed to the saints and I I think every most everybody was here the last time. I'm not sure if some were missing or not, but water lives in three states and most of us are used to it in our house. We have got a solid, um, we've got a a liquid and we've got vapor or gas and we kind of take it for granted because we're used to it. It's always there. it kind of, you know, it it's just there, right? And water can do great things. We've got a, you know, we've got one of the seven wonders of the world sitting in our state up north that got a fire going, too. But we still got the Grand Canyon, right? And we've got all kinds of beautiful things in Arizona that you can go to related to water, oddly enough, in a desert. We still got it. Um, but within water, and again, we're reviewing what we went through before. Within water, there's something locked inside of it. And there's three parts to it. And those three parts um become if you separate them out, it's hydrogen and oxygen. And what most people don't realize is like firefighters, we put out fires with water. But the odd thing is you're putting out a fire with water. But inside of that thing that you're putting out, that water is putting out a fire is the potential for a great fire. It's always there. It's always present. But you have to have a power to separate it somehow. And man's come up with a way to do that. God always had a way to separate it. So he, you know, he didn't have to worry about it. But man has come up with a way to do that. And so this, it's really hard to tell what that is, but of course firefighter, so I'm using a firefighter thing, but this is what they call a nasal canula. So it's one of these lovely pieces of apparatus that you see here. And the first picture, they've lit this lovely tube. And the thing is is that it only stays lit for not long. So that at that's that's catching it just before it goes out because you put fire to it and once you take the fire away, it doesn't continue to burn. It's just the material that it is. It likes to go out. So it needs some kind of heat source, something to keep it going. The next picture is when they put oxygen through this same tube. So I can tell you and I'm sure Josh could tell you the same thing. I I've told multiple people and unfortunately some of them are no longer with us. You can't smoke and have one of these on your face that has oxygen because you you you are getting something that's going to make fire burn much more rapidly. Now, the oxygen is not burning, but it makes this stuff burn great. If it's got any flammability to it at all, oxygen will will do an amazing thing to it. And that's what you see with that next picture. Now, it's not always like that, but I wanted to show you just the difference. Same same tube. Only difference is they're putting some oxygen through here. So some air like the air we breathe only more concentrated. So there's more of it in a smaller space. And then the last picture is just of of a hydrogen bomb. So oxygen, hydrogen, you've got a lot of power locked into that. And I want you to understand there's a lot of power locked into the word too. &gt;&gt; A lot of power. And just like in the natural, we can use that power for great things, but if you're not careful, if you don't use it properly, you can actually cause problems. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And you can cause severe problems. Now, the power that's in hydrogen and oxygen, just like what's in the word, when that word is rightly divided and used appropriately, you can put Satan to run. You can you like the brothers back in the in the uh east like to say booevil. Now you don't hear it too much here, but you can say booevil because you've got the ability to put him on the run. &gt;&gt; That's actually what it'll do. And so um sorry for a long I guess that was a long review. I was going to do a short one. Um, but anyways, the there's so much power locked in and sometimes we take it for granted because we've got a Bible, we read the Bible, we see things and and we understand partly that there's power, but sometimes you can take for granted just what's locked in there and what dividing that word properly will do for you. So, um, we understand this from the the word that the Bible and this is a quote from Christ is revealed in his own word. The Bible is the complete revelation of Jesus Christ and it was wrote by prophets. I think we know that um God who in Sunday times spake to the fathers by the prophets in this last day speaks to us through his son Jesus Christ which was the prophets all of them put together. Jesus was Malachi. Jesus was Jeremiah, Isaiah, Elijah. All that they were in him and all that you are and all I am is in him words witnesses of the word. So that's us saints. And he goes on to say, "So it is not a book of systems, a code of moral ethics. Neither is it a history book or a book of theology. It is not. But it's a revelation of Jesus Christ, God himself revealed from word to flesh." So we understand that the the revelation of Jesus Christ isn't just that we can read a book and understand that baptism should be in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ or we can read a book and understand that you know the gifts of the spirit are available to us or we can read a book and understand that you know that the Catholic Church is you know mother harlot. That's not it. What the word is is to actually tether you. Actually, this is what you're tethered to is that word by the Holy Ghost. And that tether holds you to that word. And then the word has the opportunity to take it from just a revelation of here and to change the heart. And it makes it to where we can actually become something greater than than we've ever been. &gt;&gt; Because locked in you, each one of us, is a greater power than you can even realize. If you've got the Holy Ghost tethered to the word, &gt;&gt; there's something that can unlock great things. &gt;&gt; And we're going to get into this just a little bit more as we go along, but we understand that God did all these things for a purpose. And so now, Brother Brandham talked about how God actually wrote the the what we call the Bible today. Wrote his word first in the heavens. And so, we had the zodiac and he's written that word in the zodiac. And then after that, he had it in the pyramids. And then eventually he got it to where it was in in in the word form or on paper form where people could pass it on. Now initially they passed things on just you know God told me this. I'm going to tell you this right? But eventually they got to where they could write it down. So that we understand that scrolls are a little bit different than the Bible that you have today. But that's the way that the word was written. And then eventually we get to where the Bible is is what we're seeing. So we have those different steps of what God has done. So now we have our Bible, we have the scripture and brother Brandham says this in the latest churches says in the dark ages the word was almost entirely lost to the people but God sent Luther with the word. The Lutheran spoke for God at that time but the organized and again the pure word was lost for organization tends toward dogma and creeds and not simple word. They could no longer speak for God. Then God sent Wesley and he was the voice with the word of his in his day. Sorry. And the people who took his revelation from God became the living epistles read and known of all men for their generation. When the Methodists failed, God raised up others. And so it has gone on through the years until in this last days there is again another people in the land who under their messenger will be the final voice to the final age. Excuse me, my voice is a little bit dry this evening. It's Arizona. So, in fact, if you have water, feel free to take a drink. Um, so we understand that there's a lot of things that have come through history and and I I want to tell you, as you know, I try and do Wednesday nights so that at least the young people get something, the kids get something out of it as well. And so, the next few slides, if it's too silly for you or too too I'm sorry, adults, the vintage youth, if it's too too basic for you, it's okay. you'll survive because I can tell you that the kids sit through a lot of things that's way up here and they survive. So we as adults can sometimes have things simple. It's okay. So remember it's for the children. Okay? So it's for the children but what happened through the ages is that the word has a problem and it's not the problem of the word but it's the problem is is that people get involved in it and you know um my daughter had a a has a shirt I think maybe still but she has a shirt that says um I'm a I was a people person until people ruined it and that's kind of how it goes right because you know there were men of that quote unquote were men of God and then they ruined the the title men of God because they started to take dogma and creeds. In other words, they had these ideas of their own, not from the word, but they're like, "Oh, this must mean this, so I'm going to change it a little bit." And eventually, they took control of it. So, what it did was it took the Bible or the scrolls or whatever it was at the time, and it made it just like the book was black to people. In other words, like you would see it like this. like I I could look at the book, but there's nothing that I'm going to get from it because my eyes are are covered. In fact, it would be just like you put a blindfold on somebody. So, the word's still there. The word's still golden. It's still got power. It's still got what it needs, but there's not a way to tap into it because so much has been mixed up and messed up and colored and and they've just darkened it so badly. In fact, and for the adults, you'll know this that under under dogmas and creeds, millions of people have been killed &gt;&gt; just because somebody had an idea of this was the word. And I'm telling you what the word is. In fact, I so I was raised Roman Catholic. And one of the things in the Catholic church that they didn't really teach was read your Bible. You would never hear that. I I didn't even know hardly there was a Bible because we had a thing called a monthly mislet. And the monthly mistlet would teach you whatever you needed to know. There were three readings. There's going to be two from uh there'll be I think it was two from uh two letters that Paul had written and something from one of the first four books every week. Didn't matter. Without fail, it was going to be that way. And then the priest would pick something out of those things. Can you imagine giving that to somebody in the message? Now, &gt;&gt; hey, brother Aaron, I'm going to give you three books. Your sermon has to come from this. And in fact, all I'm going to give you is three readings. So it'll be a few scriptures. That's all you get. That's how they did it. So you can imagine it's just like a blindfold that even the even the men of the men that are preaching it are blindfolded &gt;&gt; because they don't they can't even see beyond what that three thing is. So uh along comes a revelation. man named Martin Luther gets a revelation because God opens up the Bible to him and this verse comes out to him. The just shall live by faith. Now, in the Catholic church, guess what? They do penance all the time. And penance, just in case you don't know, is you've done something wrong and you're going to pay for it. &gt;&gt; So, uh, and it doesn't matter if you did anything wrong, you're going to pay for it anyways. And I'm sure sometimes the kids, you probably feel like, you know, dad is being too hard on you because I'm paying for something. I didn't do it. you know, did it or brother did it. Somebody else did it. I didn't do it. But in the Catholic church, you paid all the time. You were always penitent. Um, and in fact, they want to pray people out of purgatory, which is a place that you go because you were bad. Uh, pretty much you don't go straight to heaven. Everybody goes to purgatory and and you you pray for the dead people to get them out instead of making your way with the Lord while you're alive. you know, you got the the convenience of waiting until you're dead. And then, you know, the people that are coming behind me are going to get me out of this place, so everything's going to be good. That's kind of how it worked. &gt;&gt; So, anyway, he gets this revelation, the just shall live by faith. And I know this is really basic, but we're coming to something. And then another revelation comes along, right? And it's not just the just shall live by faith now, but faith without works is dead. John Wesley has this revelation that, you know, I I've got faith, but there has to be something that goes with it. And then as time went on there was a uh in in Iusa street which is some of us will be familiar with there was a move of the Pentecostals. Uh they weren't Pentecostal at that time they became known as Pentecostals but it was actually a former slave. He was oneeyed. He lost his eye left eye I think it was to smallpox. So a oneeyed man named Seymour actually is reading his Bible and realizes hey Holy Ghost that there's gifts of the spirit. this is something that's available to me. So God opens that up. And then as we move on through the scripture, then we've come to a time where we've had a prophet, right? And because of that prophet, and I I don't think I need to spend too much time on that, but because of that, now we have an open word. And in that open word, you can see the different ones. And by the way, artwork is credited to my son Seth because I can't do anything. So um he's helped me out with this because I want to make it simple for people to understand. One of the things that I've I've seen or have been witnessed to in the message is we use a lot of terms and a lot of times people are sitting in the audience they don't know what you're saying. &gt;&gt; You can talk about four horse riders or seven seals or you know what takes anything from revelation pretty much and you can talk about it and people are like I don't know what it is. You could ask somebody what's the message of the hour right they you it just sometimes goes over everybody's head. So I don't want it to be that way. What we want to do is make sure that even if it's basic, even if it's simple, that you catch these concepts because it's very important for it to go from here to here. &gt;&gt; So, right now, we are living in the time of the open word. And I I don't know if you can read all these things, but uh it it you know, we used to be prayer lines, right? And I'm I can tell you I'm a proponent of prayer lines. A lot of people are delivered. A lot of people are healed. A lot of things happen in a prayer line. So, I'm not saying anything about it. But the reality is you're living in the day of if you say to this mountain, &gt;&gt; it's just it's not just that call for the elders of the church. It's actually you can be at home all alone and if you've got a problem, you can say to this mountain, be moved. You can say to this sickness, "Go away." You can say, "Boo devil anytime that you need to because that's opened up. Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever." We understand that the Holy Ghost is living in us. And I I'm not going to Well, I guess I could read all those things. All things are possible to those that believe. And these this is not a complete list. But now the whole Bible has opened up. Mysteries have opened up. Right? We understand why the Catholic Church is is that you know what they are and and not the people. &gt;&gt; I I I think it's really important to understand there are wonderful people in the Catholic Church. &gt;&gt; But there's a spirit that governs the the hierarchy of that church. And that spirit always tends away from the word. They always will because that's what's written in the Bible for them to do. You realize that's a prophecy, right? Just like you're a prophecy this evening. Every one of you, you're actually prophecy because you're written in the word. &gt;&gt; And we have to come to the point where we see that and understand that. &gt;&gt; I'm sorry, I'm taking more time to on this part of it than I actually wanted to. So, uh, we're just getting to our message now. So, uh, in Romans 11:29, it says, "For the gifts and callings of God are without repentance." And then in Matthew 5:45, and I'm sorry, I'm going to speed up just a little bit to get through here. It says that uh, "That ye may be the children of your father, which is in heaven, for he maketh his son to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth rain on the just and the unjust." So, we understand that there's a couple principles in the scripture that uh, Brother Brandham taught quite well on. and he spent several sermons going over when he was uh uh Mishawaka, I think. Is that does that sound right? Hope I pronounced that right. But he's he's at a camp and it's a group of Pentecostals and he's his first time kind of coming into the Pentecostal group and there's two men and one is um you know speaking in tongues and the other is interpreting. &gt;&gt; And so this when he realizes because he's got a gift, &gt;&gt; remember gifts and callings are without repentance. He had that gift when he was young. He wasn't always doing the right thing. I mean, he tried to shoot some kids. &gt;&gt; Kids, it's not the right thing to try and shoot other kids. I mean, it's just not. &gt;&gt; But he tried. But he was still a prophet at at that time. So, what you are is always there. It's always present. You just may not realize it. Just like water holds within it other powers. You don't see it because it hasn't been brought out yet. Something hasn't come. There hasn't been a power maybe to show you, but at some point in your life, it'll come out. Amen. &gt;&gt; It it has to because they're without repentance. So that what that means is that I can be a bad person and still discern your thoughts. &gt;&gt; I could be a bad person and still make things move in the room. And we're going to talk about that in just a second. I could be a bad person and still maybe even do good things, but still yet being never converted, never changed, not even desiring to change. Right? &gt;&gt; You know, I should interject this because it was a thought and it just came into my mind now, but if you realize what great grace that we're under, &gt;&gt; and I'm not just saying, so in in the room tonight, there's maybe what 50 60 of us, but in the city of Phoenix, there's four plus million. You know, Phoenix and its other cities are around there. In the this country, there's over 300 million. And then in the world, there's 8 billion. And out of all those people, out of all the ages, you end up in this age. And out of all that, all those people that are out there, we have been shown a message and have been able to realize that it's for us. &gt;&gt; Have been able to realize that the Holy Ghost is for us. &gt;&gt; Have been able to realize that all the promises of God are for us, that healing is for you. That deliverance is for you. That if you've got anxiety, you don't have to have it. There's peace is for you. If you've got depression, joy is for you. All these things are there. They're available. They're for you. What great grace that we have. And part of the reason I'm saying this is because if it seems like I'm trying to point a finger or say something, listen, I'm least in the kingdom. I know that. And I don't say it because of humility. I say it because I understand the grace of God. I'm sorry. That got me here. Yeah. &gt;&gt; And if you understand the grace of God that gets you someplace. I'm sorry. I didn't expect to break up about that. But it's a great grace, saints. &gt;&gt; It's a great grace. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; But so, Brother Brandham is uh again, he's he's I'm going to get into this in just a second, like I said, but um we're going to see that there's a a pattern. And by the way, when when the scripture talks about the flow of things, that flow uh uh is actually a pattern. There's a pattern to something. So we can see in water and what it does and how it locks in something. There's a pattern there for us to observe for ourselves &gt;&gt; because there's a pattern to to understand it. So in the message um the countdown preached in 64. Yeah. 64 says the natural astronaut has something to control him. And we've already talked about this a little bit. When the astronaut is in the air, he has something backwards here back down here on the Earth that controls him. It's called radar. That radar moves him around, shows where he's at, tells what he's doing, and that radar controls him from a radar tower here on Earth. That's the natural astronaut. So, the spiritual astronaut has a control tower or has a control tower, too. And and it's not down here like man is, it's up there. And it's the Holy Ghost that's in him that's controlling him. a tower of the baptism of the Holy Ghost. So you see why the Holy Ghost is so important &gt;&gt; because we can come and we can learn all kinds of biblical principles and we can learn how to be good people. But brother Brandham said that's not it. &gt;&gt; That's not what it is. You you can learn how to dress appropriately and have your hair long or short whether you're male or female or you know have the right length of a skirt. You can learn all those things. Those are wonderful things, but you have to have the Holy Ghost because it's the only thing just like that tether that we showed earlier. The only thing that ties you the ball to the that strong tower is the Holy Ghost. There's no other way around it. You have to we have to find a way for the church always to move into that place. And it's available all the time, &gt;&gt; always available, always out there. So, it's under control. It keeps them in control by the word. So the Holy Ghost is that tether and it tethers you to the word and it's what reveals you to the word. So when Martin Luther came up with that revelation holy ghost when John Wesley came up with the revelation Holy Ghost when when brother Seymour came up with the re revelation Holy Ghost when brother Brandham came Holy Ghost &gt;&gt; you see now they had gifts they had all those things but those are without repentance but it was the Holy Ghost that's manufacturing or not manufacturing manifesting all those things &gt;&gt; not in a bunch of fanaticism some whooped up nonsense but that thus saith the Lord and it happens it's always under control. He's got a control tower and that's the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; So, we understand that we're connected then, right? We're in that place and um sorry, I didn't finish. And the word um in his program and he he lays right into that program and the power of the Holy Ghost endows him to move out and it brings the achievement that God wants to be achieved for his people that it might fulfill what he's promised. So, we're connected to a promise. In fact, we're connected to many promises. And that connection is always there. But see, there's an interesting thing that's that's happened um in in this day and age is we've gotten so much freedom that because we're in the astronaut age and so many things have come to us, so much revelation has happened that people start to get really grand ideas. And uh I said the last time I'm not going to repeat the word, but basically somebody's calling themselves God and saying, "Hey, you need to reference me as this person." Um that's a pretty grand idea. Now, Brother Brandham does talk about messiahes, right? But we understand you're still tethered to the word. &gt;&gt; Jesus Christ paid the price. &gt;&gt; We didn't. &gt;&gt; Christ did that. &gt;&gt; The the revelation that we get without you take the Holy Ghost away and I'm sorry, you're not going to have it. You're tied to something. &gt;&gt; But when you get out in space, this is what happens. I can float free. &gt;&gt; Not only can I float free, I can go really fast. Like I can really accomplish things here. And you have gifts. And I can tell you that there's a lot of people that start to follow gifts. If you have somebody that has a gift of discernment or a gift of healing or a gift of wisdom, you know, they they like, man, it just blows your mind how this person could tell me something or, you know, this person doesn't matter who they pray for. It's like the person gets healed. Uh, you know, they can be a dynamic speaker. They don't even have to necessarily have any of those gifts, but if they're a really charismatic speaker, that's all it takes. And people start to follow &gt;&gt; that &gt;&gt; instead of being tethered to the word &gt;&gt; and they they they get to the point of not understanding what that is. So let me relate a little story to you here just quick. When when I was a young person and again I'm at least in the kingdom so please don't and I I don't normally say anything about dreams because there's no prophet to interpret my dreams. So um but in this particular case I was a young Christian. I was in a a a church and uh had just come to the Lord and I love church like we would have church services they'd be three and a half hours saints it was like 20 minutes a a 30 minute service in the Catholic church was like three hours so this was like amazing because we would come in people were like ready to worship the the preaching was dynamic then people were ready to worship even more there was a lot of stuff going on and it was it was exciting and church should be that way because this is your you're here with Jesus Christ the risen king &gt;&gt; and anyway in this particular dream that I had and I I I didn't do anything with it at the time but there were my brother and I are in the back of the church um we were going to the same church at the time and you could see rain falling in the church it was amazing now granted I I didn't know anything about the Bible I had no idea but it was this amber rain and it was everywhere and we're just in the back worshiping. Now, I don't know if he could see it, but I could see it. Never seen it in my natural self, but in my dream it was awesome. I can tell you that. But there were two sisters worshiping up front, both lovely sisters. Um, and just worshiping. And then a voice said to me, "One of those is a witch." And I can tell you, I woke right up because it startled me so hard. I didn't know what it meant. I didn't understand it. I didn't know anything about gifts and callings. I didn't know anything about the rain falling on the just and the unjust. All I knew was there are two people and one of them was a quiet person. Um, very kind. Both of them were kind. I shouldn't say that. She was very kind, but just very quiet. She didn't she didn't necessarily have a great power in the church. Didn't have a lot of gifts. But the other one was very gifted. She could sing like an angel. uh spoke in tongues, interpreted all all kinds of things. So, this wasn't a message church, by the way, because we we never see that anymore in message churches hardly, but uh you know, God's gifts are good, saints. &gt;&gt; So, and and they're still good today. &gt;&gt; So, you know, I I know some things get in the back room, but the reality is those gifts are still existent today. They're still for us. So anyways, over the course of time, the sister and I didn't know who who was which because to me they were lovely sisters. I mean, I I didn't have a discernment to know what was what. But it was some years later, one of the sisters um basically kind of led a division in the church and even split family from family. Um, and I want to say this, just because somebody has a spirit of a witch now doesn't mean down the road that they'll have it because there's always deliverance and there's always grace until the last breath is taken. There's always that. But, you know, and I was like, "Wow, this is amazing." Um, that, you know, that that happened. Um, and but again, I don't say that that sister stayed a witch. I just say that at that time she had that spirit already on her. I didn't know it, but the Holy Ghost knew it. So, he was teaching me something. And I I just, you know, it to me that really spoke to me. Boy, am I running out of time. Um, it really spoke to me that that, you know, that you could see that. And so, you start looking as a person, you know, you're always looking like, "Wow, I wonder if that gift is real. I wonder if that, you know, I want not not that the gift is real. The gifts are real. Sorry. If the person operating the gift is real, right?" So, that's the thing. And so you can see like in the message today, you have so much grace, you have so much power, you have so much word, you have so much uh you know, authority in the word, you have all these great things. And you know, sometimes people just get to a point where they they start to to get well, for lack of a better term, lifted up in themselves. I think brother Pat, he preached that sermon, humility, a great sermon. If you haven't heard it, I I would recommend listening to it because they don't realize that Christ stayed humble and he was Jesus Christ, the savior of the world. And yet they there was nothing like they said there was nothing that you would notice him like he wasn't standing out. Now sometimes he had to correct things along the way, but for the most part, you know, he was a guy sleeping out in the in the wild. uh he didn't have a place to lay his head. There was nothing that was going to be outstanding about him, but the word that was coming from him was. &gt;&gt; And but he yet he still had humility. And and you can look at the life of brother Brandham pretty much start to finish and you can see his humility. And when he when he when he got a little lifted up in things, he tells you about it because the Lord corrected him. Said, "Hey, you can't do this." You know, he had a gift, right? Had a gift of healing. But when he got a little bit lifted up, guess what happened to the gift of healing? wasn't operating, &gt;&gt; right? He still had the gift. It hadn't gone anywhere, &gt;&gt; but the Lord was showing him that you can't just do whatever you want to do because you got to be tethered, right? &gt;&gt; There's always something holding you back. So, um, just briefly, we'll go through this. And faith is the substance. This is in 19 uh 47, so long long time ago. Um it says um brother Brandham is dealing with a a young sister who ha has a basically an appendix that is inflamed and it's so bad that it's about to burst and she lives out on a country road. Um and that country road is uh pretty rough. Uh and he said about 8 miles of country road and she needs to get to a hospital that's 40 miles away in order to have a surgery and there's no way she's going to make it. So they call him, he's really tired. He has to drive. So he gets there and uh the sister is of a certain denomination and he initially doesn't name the denomination. Eventually it kind of slips out but he wasn't intending to but he's telling the sister listen you um you don't have the faith that you think you have because when he comes in she's like I know my church teaches something different but I have faith. I I believe in healing because Georgie Carter got healed and I believe it. And when he when that happens he's like sister you don't have the faith that you think you have. And so he does something very amazing to me. But anyways, u let's just read here. It says, "And when they passed by at noon, uh the tree was oh, sorry, I'm in the wrong place there. Uh she said there's no such thing. Let me where we at? Yeah, there we go. She said there's no such thing can be showed in the Bible, anything like that." So, what he's talking about at this time is that um she has Oh, brother, go back to another one because I actually want to read this one first. It's um tile 24. Yeah, that one. Now, I want you to notice this and I want you to be real careful now and take up every word so you can divide it of a little something that God permitted there. And I'll and I'll see if you've got faith. So, he's doing something and what happens is um I'll just kind of cut the story shorter is that the sister has hanging in this room a bracelet and brother Brandon was talking to her and and he's telling her, "You don't have faith." And she says, "I do have faith." And so they go through this. Um, and when he's telling her this thing, um, he has everybody turn around in the room and just has her focusing on him and he, the bracelet is hanging there in the air and he basically says, you know, do you believe that you, you know, the bracelet can be moved? And she's like, it's 15 ft away. You know, that can't do it. There's no way the bracelet can be moved. Brother Brandham says, I want you to move it, you know, back and forth and around in circles. And then he demonstrates to her that it's possible. So, and right away she's like, "Hey, that's spiritualism. What you're doing is spiritualism." And brother Ram's like, "I thought you would say that." Like, "I thought you'd say it's the devil doing it because" And then she asked him, "Well, did the Lord or the devil do it?" And he said, "No, I I did it because it's just the law of faith. If you have faith to do something, he said, "Magicians do things." Look at Janice and and and Jambers when they withtood Moses. Moses was under a commission. They're just guys that believed that they could create stuff and they're out there creating it. Not even part of of the plan of God at all, aside from being the negative side of it, but yet they're doing it. So he's teaching her a law of faith that this can be done. And so this bracelet moves around and then he So what I want to get to in this particular story isn't so much the bracelet moving around, but just what he tells her because he explains something to her. He said there's So she's like said there's no such thing can be showed in the Bible anything like that. And I I said I thought that's what you would say. And I said sure that's in the Bible. And she said well I never I don't believe it. All right. I said you don't believe it. And she said no you showed me where that's at in the Bible. And he said one day Jesus passed by a tree. He wanted to find some fruit on it. There was no fruit on it. He put a curse on it and the tree began to wilt. And when they passed by at noon, the tree was wilting down. Peter remarked and said, "How quick the tree was wilted." And he said, "If you would say in your heart for this tree to be plucked up and cast into the sea and wouldn't doubt, it would obey you." And and then he asked her, did he say that? So now the girl eventually does understand and grasps that concept of faith and her appendix doesn't burst. It's actually the an immediate healing comes to her. But brother Brandham sets up this thing. This is in 47. This is the first sermon, as far as I know, that's recorded. &gt;&gt; Um, it's the first sermon and he's telling you right then, listen, if you have faith, you can do these things. But what he's always doing is taking it back to the word. And he did that throughout his lifetime. It always went back to the scripture. So I I the last time I preached I didn't tie two things together too well but a person that says that they're God and then that you know that you can't tie that to the scripture. Now, he didn't say he was Jesus Christ, but he's in effect saying that, right, by saying that thing. But you can't tie that to the word because even the the prophet of Malachi 4 couldn't be that person because he was born from a mom and a dad of human cre, you know, human nature, &gt;&gt; right? There was no immaculate conception, nothing like that that it was just that. So, brother Brandham and so he goes through his whole life, I'll try and cut this a little bit shorter. He goes through his whole life teaching these things that when um so the storm is spoken out of existence. So he takes you back to the word and shows you Jesus speaks to the storm, right? He goes through different things to tell you it's always going to go back to the word. So if there is a spiritual happening, I don't care what it is, if something happens spiritually, whether it's somebody preaching something, saying something, doing something, even St. Martin. They had a guy that wanted to put a robe on and they brought him before, well, they're going to bring him before St. Martin, but he was telling everybody he wanted some accolades. He wanted to be important. He wanted to show like, hey, I'm a great person. Um, and so they said, well, you know, the the other ministers are like, this doesn't make sense. Like, this doesn't sound like the word. And Martin was the the prophet, if you will, for that time. And he, you know, there's like, okay, we're going to bring you to to Martin. And once they touched him, that robe the robe actually appeared because the guy had enough faith to make the robe appear. But it wasn't it wasn't correct because you wouldn't have that white robe already. There would be no purpose in it. You get a white robe later. And in fact, that was when you know when when you know Jesus allegedly Jesus came and he had a crown on and he's like, "Hey, get out of here because the the word says that we'll crown you." &gt;&gt; That that's not you. I know it's not you, Jesus, because this isn't right with the word. So, everything is always going back to the scripture. And I I want to make this clear, too. We have a revealed word, which we call the message of the hour, &gt;&gt; right? And we have a Bible. And you can't separate the two. Now, I know years ago they had this thing and maybe they still are doing it. If you're you're if you you get stuck out on a deserted island, which would you choose, the Bible or the message? So, just a very simple thing here. If you know that a deserted island could be in your future, stay away from water, right? If it's me, I'm just not going to the water. Like, I'm not taking a plane. I'm not taking a boat. I'm not getting off land because I don't want to be stuck on a deserted island. But if I know what's in my future, I'm probably taking both because why not? But it it's just people want to come up with silly things to talk about. It's it's just a silly thing. You don't separate one from the other. But what happens is people will get into the message and they'll get an idea and I'm I'm going to give you I know I've run out of time. I'm sorry to hold you so long. But um one of the things that they'll do is they'll they'll come up with some idea and they'll say brother Brandham taught this. And what they don't want you to do is to take it back to the word. And then there's another camp that says oh look at I can prove to you by the word that everything brother Brandham said was wrong because you know he missed this particular thing or that particular thing. Now, I didn't do the count, but a brother that I trust was involved in the count, and he said there are over 8,300 or about 8,300 prophecies that were absolutely accurate. Now, I haven't heard 8,300 of them, but I've heard probably hundreds, maybe more than that, maybe thousands, I don't know, but at least hundreds, but even if it was, I don't know, 5,000, 2,000, I mean, if you know, he said, "Hey, your name is, you know, Mrs. Uh, Smith, you're from Tuscaloosa, Alabama. You were today um standing in your kitchen and I'm just throwing I'm just making this up right now. It's not that Brother Brandham said this, but you were standing in your kitchen and you were you were praying that tonight that you would come here and be healed of this goer that you have and it would be dead on &gt;&gt; name what she was wearing, where she was, everything that she was doing. And then, you know, people will take and and show, well, look at if he missed one thing, then he's false all the way around. And it's like, come on. Like, seriously. But that's their argument. &gt;&gt; And and they'll try and use the Bible and say, "Well, I'm, you know, the Bible's my absolute and therefore I can just prove this by the Bible." The Bible is our absolute, but it's also framed by the message because without it, how would I know how would I know as a Catholic what the Catholic Church was? I could I could read I tell you one of the things I read chapter 13 in in the USA being in there I'm still like wow that's amazing like I I I would have never without the message I'd have never known anything like that and that's the whole thing so I'm going to give you one more example um oh and actually yeah I'll give you one more example and then I'm going to go on to to what brother Random says on something else so when I was traveling overseas there was a person and this is how people get ideas Right? They they claim this is from the message. So they claimed that brother Brandon was teaching and and so we understand that when we're converted, we have a new birth, right? And that your your soul has that conversion, so to speak, right? Because that seed's always there, but you have a conversion. The Holy Ghost comes in in that. So now you have an old man that's died and the new man has been born again. So they claimed to take from the message that the because um the wife would not follow the husband because he got a revelation that you know this message was true because the wife wouldn't follow the husband. She was dead because she was spiritually dead, &gt;&gt; right? And so he took the spiritual death. So it gets better. He took the spiritual death and said, "Okay, this this person's dead, so I'm going to remarry." So he remarried another person. But the amazing thing is is that he came up with the idea that since the old person is dead and then you know this new soul is living I can have this new wife but when I I feel manly and kind of uh driven a certain way and kids hopefully this goes over your head but when I feel a certain way I can live with the old wife in the manner of husband and wife because uh it's it's just my nature it's that you know that this covering that's around my soul that hasn't been converted so therefore I can live this way. So now these are kind of ridiculous, right? Like it's two ridiculous ideas. But the reality is is there's a lot of people that come to a point in their life where they are following somebody that because they're gifted, they'll allow them to do crazy things, right? And listen, I I'm not trying to beat down a preacher or anything like that, but what I am saying for us is that if you're following something that can't tie between message and what the prophet spoke and the Bible, you might want to consider that's probably not the thing to follow. &gt;&gt; Doesn't matter how gifted the person is. Doesn't matter what kind of ability they have, how much charisma they have, how much it seems like the spirit's with them, how many healings take place, all those things don't matter because it always has to come back. If there's a spiritual thing going on, no matter what it is, it has to come back to a scriptural reason for it, it will always come back. So, Brother Brandham is talking about, and we're almost done. Brother Brandham is talking about um when when squirrels were created or things were created and that the Lord Jesus Christ and his ministry on earth actually didn't create something from nothing, right? Water was turned to wine, right? Bread and fish were multiplied, but he didn't actually create something from nothing. And so people are doubting, okay, you've you know, you claim that you created squirrels, right? And so, Brother Brandham explains this um in questions and answers. He said, 'Now, when it comes to creation of things, it's true. Jesus never right straight out created anything and brought it into existence. He took a substance first. He took water, made wine. He took bread and made some uh more bread. He took fish and made more fish. But he promised that greater things than this would be done. So, you see now it's in a more evil day than it was when he was here. and it's still him but using your tabernacle. &gt;&gt; So again, he's taking what is happening in his life and taking it back to the word and proving scripturally that this is why this is happening so that people wouldn't be confused about it. But again, what he frames this is it's still him. &gt;&gt; In other words, Jesus Christ, &gt;&gt; it's the the Holy Ghost. It's still him. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Doing that thing, but in your tabernacle. &gt;&gt; Amen. So that's where people get confused is because they realize like we're we're in the open word saints. Everything is available to you. If you say to this mountain that is available to you. &gt;&gt; If you have a problem in your life, if you got anxiety or depression or what, if you say go, it has to follow if we've got the faith to believe it. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Because that's where we're living. &gt;&gt; We we are living in a time where we're in an astronaut age where we can go 17,500 miles an hour. It's going to beat a Tesla every day because it's a it's a fast speed. In fact, it's going to beat anything on land. Um, and I think Teslas are cool, by the way. So, I'm not picking on Tesla. Um, I' I've only ridden him in a few times, and it's amazing how it pushes you back in the seat when you take off. It's I like it. Uh, it's a lot of fun. &gt;&gt; But that you understand that you're living in an age where all things are possible. So, we're I want to get to a close here and and the last time that I preached, I I brought out a car that they have created. Um, now it's a prototype and it's a hydrogenbased car. In other words, it runs on hydrogen and oxygen. And that's the car. It's just a prototype. But the thing about this is is it's that according to the people that are building this, it's going to go a,000 miles on a fillup. Now, I don't know about you, but I love a car that could go a thousand miles and not get stuck in the cold or because there's a power outage or whatever as long as I've got hydrogen in there and there's oxygen available, which it's all around us. Um, and the thing about that car is thousand miles. But all these things, saints, were always in the earth. Everything we're sitting on now was in the earth. Everything that man's discovered was already here before. So, what they've built now has always been here. And and this is kind of the there's two things I want to bring to you. One of them is this is that I thought, you know, back when I was young and and really for a long time that when the Lord showed me that it was about me like watching out for things and it is, but it's actually a two-fold meaning because, you know, the Bible has a lot of things that have two things, you know, contained in it or multiple things contained in the same scripture. &gt;&gt; So, gifts and callings being without repentance, that includes me, &gt;&gt; right? the rain falling on the just and the unjust. That still includes me &gt;&gt; because I can look around because we're always looking out, right? We're always looking at what's going on. What's that? You know, what's this person doing? A lot of people are always involved in what people are doing. I'm not really that way. I don't ask questions most of the time. Whatever you're doing, you're doing right. But some people, they just can't help it. Like they want to know where did you go? What did you do? Who did you see? It's like, okay, if you want to know, it's okay. I've got enough things to worry about than to worry about who's doing what. But the thing about that that that word is is that it's us first. And I didn't realize that for a long time. I'm like, okay, I'm looking like, you know, is this sister? Is this brother? Is there, you know, because this, you know, I I was young. I didn't know. I didn't understand. But the reality is is that it comes to us first and then it goes out. But so the people that are following these things, if they had considered themselves first and looked at themselves, they would have realized, I can't go with this because it doesn't follow the word. So I'm now not following the word. It doesn't matter what that brother's doing because what he does, that's up to him. He's going to have to to answer for it if he does. If there's no repentance, you answer for those things, right? But still, it has to start with us. And then the other thing that I wanted to make sure that I mentioned is that you have in all of us have this potential and you can stand with me if you would just like we started off with the water and understanding that once you that's divided correctly within the water has always been hydrogen and oxygen within that has always been the ability to you know blow something up if you wanted to blow something up or make something burn better if you wanted to do that those kind of things or just have a power source to operate a car. Always been present. It's just we're just discovering it now. And the thing about the Holy Ghost is it's always been present. But you are in the pattern of God &gt;&gt; because you are a part of his word. The spirit and the bride say come. Right. The and it says if you say, it's not saying if if William Brandham says, it's saying if you say, it doesn't matter your age. It doesn't matter your gender. It doesn't matter where you're living, you know, it none of those things matter. It's because you're in the pattern already of the living God. &gt;&gt; And the Holy Ghost is a tether that will keep you tied to that word. &gt;&gt; And because that you're in that pattern now, the potential that you have maybe hasn't been unlocked yet. Maybe you're not there where you can say, "Yeah, I said and and this happened." not to move a bracelet, but to to free yourself from depression, to free yourself from anxiety. Maybe you're not there yet, but that lies within you &gt;&gt; because you're made in the pattern of God. &gt;&gt; Those things lie within you. And it's not to get so big-headed that we want people to say, "Hey, you're you're, you know, you know, God come in the flesh," kind of thing. not to worship, but it's it's to us to be tied to Jesus Christ so much that when he moves in the church, we move with him. &gt;&gt; When when when the spirit of worship rolls in, we worship because that's what we are created to do. &gt;&gt; Don't ever be afraid of worship, saints. &gt;&gt; That's God loves it when you do that. If the Holy Ghost moves in and moves you to do something, go with it. &gt;&gt; As long as it's according to the word, right? as long as I I believe it will be because the Holy Ghost does things right. It knows how to do things right. We're the ones that kind of get it convoluted in our minds. But you today, you're made in the pattern. So you're that flow that flow of of the word. If the word is rightly divided, if you divide things, just like brother Brandon was telling that young sister, you know, look at if if you can divide the word correctly, you're in that flow. You're in that pattern and you're tethered to the rock of ages. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And that's the best place you can be is tethered to him. &gt;&gt; Tethered by the Holy Ghost. You've got a sure foundation. You've got a a sure tower to hang on to to keep you from going too far outside. You know, it's not to keep us bound because Satan does that, right? He tethers you. &gt;&gt; He'll tie you up anytime that he can. &gt;&gt; That's why that's why our whole age right now is anxiety. People are so tied up in fear, they're so afraid, but the grace of God covers that. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; They're so anxious, but the grace of God covers that. Satan will tie you up, but that's not the kind of tethering we're talking about. Those are the kind of things that you say, "Satan, get behind me." You say, "Booevil to it and get that devil out, &gt;&gt; right? And move on with Christ." All right, brother Michael, why don't you [Music]
