################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-18 - The Christian Mindset Pt. 1 - .txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-18
Title:    The Christian Mindset Pt. 1
Speaker:  
Church:   Arizona Believers Church
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 1h 17m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ora7Kmx2BCk
========================================

Description:
The Christian Mindset Pt. 1
Sunday Service: January 18, 2026
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Philippians chapter 3:7 concerning zeal or excuse me verse 7 but what things were gained to me those I counted loss for Christ yay doubtless and I count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Christ Jesus my Lord for whom I have suffered the loss of all things and do count them but dung that I may win Christ and be found in him not having my own righteousness which is of the law but that which is through the faith of Christ the righteousness which is of God by faith that I may know him and the power of his resurrection and the fellowship of his sufferings, being made conformable unto his death, if by any means I might attain unto the resurrection of the dead, not as though I had already attained, either were already perfect, but I follow after, if that I may apprehend that for which also I am apprehended of Christ Jesus. Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended, but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth under those things which are before. I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. I love how the one thing has so many parts to it. He's forgetting things behind him, reaching forth to those things which are before and pressing toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. Let us therefore, as many as be perfect, be thus minded. And if in anything ye be otherwise minded, God shall reveal even this unto you. Nevertheless, where until we have already attained, let us walk by the same rule, let us mind the same thing. Amen. You can be seated. I'm taking a title of the Christian mindset and what we see here in Philippians chapter 3. We'll come to it here in just a few moments. uh we do see Paul's mindset and he's kind of gives a lot of context to it and describes in a very very beautiful way and he says uh that's he kind of brings it down to this thought let us be this of the same mind let us mind the same thing and be thus minded so he would say this is what's in my mind this is my mindset and I want to explore the subject of the Christian mindset uh this morning we've been using the subject of community to start this year off uh it's not just a a buzzword but it is a reality in the scripture how there was a body of Christ there was a responsibility to one another in that body of Christ but any community would be a unified body of individuals they find something to rally around some feeling of fellowship that you have with other people because you share something in common and the Bible says in the early church they had all things common and we know we could take from that well that means we have to achieve some sort of outward equality where everyone owns the same things or we share ownership of common goods. But we realize that that was uh something greater that they shared was a common faith. And so I want to look at some of these things again and the foundation that cover a lot of scripture today because I believe that the more that we look into the word of God, the more that it becomes alive to us. In Titus 1:4, it says, "To Titus, my own son, after the common faith." This is a a faith which was common to God's elect as he refers to it in that very chapter. Grace, mercy, and peace from God the father and the Lord Jesus Christ our savior. So he's his son. There's this relationship after the common faith. This word common could be translated to ordinary or even unclean is one way that it's actually translated in the New Testament. And it's just to imply something um ordinary. But this commonality there's referring to something shared uh uh something that is unique to the believers. Jude 3 refers to common salvation. Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, what was he referring to? The faith of God's elect, a common salvation. If you're in the body of Christ, uh and you and there's another member of the body of Christ, you have the same salvation. There's there's no salvation outside of Jesus Christ. There's only one name under heaven whereby we can be saved. That's in the name of Jesus Christ. So there's not uh oh, you were saved through this and you were saved through Islam and you were saved through Buddhism. There's there's no way to c God except through Christ. So it's a common faith, a common salvation. And he said it was needful to write unto them to exhort that they should earnestly contend for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints. That faith is the gospel uh the word as it was preached by the apostles. even those eyewitnesses of Jesus Christ. They were preaching Jesus Christ and there was those that came in and started trying to mix in certain things. So he said there's this common salvation, a common faith that was once delivered and that tries to get watered down and defiled, but there was something common that they all shared. In 1 Corinthians chapter 3 11, you might be able to just go back through your notes and check off. Yep, use that already. Use that already. And I don't mind repeating myself. I'll just do that from here on out. But it says, "For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ." So there can be no other foundation. If you have a foundation and it's not Jesus Christ, Paul would say, "Be careful you who think you stand because you lest you fall." So you could have the wrong kind of foundation. Oh, this feels like it's going to work. But there is no other foundation that can be laid other than Jesus Christ. He is the only foundation. Therefore, if you're built upon this foundation, it's a common foundation that we all share. So, there's a common faith. There's a common salvation. There's a common foundation or beginning. Ephesians chapter 2 19 and 20. I believe this ties in with the faith that was once delivered unto the saints. Now, therefore, ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with the saints. Fellow citizenship. This is relationship. This is togetherness. This is some common origin or uh privilege that you share uh uh because you have Christ and of the household of God. There's a family of God and are built upon all of us are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets. Jesus Christ himself being the chief cornerstone. So the foundation of the apostles and prophets. This is what we're all built upon. This is a common foundation. Jesus Christ being the chief cornerstone. So we know Christ is the foundation. This is the foundation that we all share together as Christians. This is a common beginning, a common starting point. You say, "Well, I I was raised this way and I was raised that way. I was an atheist. I didn't believe." Well, that's just your life story. But when you become a Christian, we all have a common starting point, common faith, common salvation, a common foundation. Amos 3:3. I know you can all maybe just quote this by memory. Can two walk together except they be agreed? It's a rhetorical question. He's making the point that you cannot walk together except you be agreed. And I tried to use this example uh uh here recently and when I did kind of got lost in the translation, but I I asked the question, how many have walked the gr uh walked around the Grand Canyon? And you could just raise your hand and who who's walked around somewhere around the Grand Canyon? Well, then if you've walked the Grand Canyon it and and you've all done it, could we say that you walked it together? And when I made the point, they thought, "Oh, we've walked it together even though we weren't together." So, I completely I'm a I I am a absolute false prophet to a lot of people right now because I they got lost in the translation. But the point is, unless we meet Yes. &gt;&gt; Like if you were there uh yesterday and I was there Friday, we wouldn't be telling people we walked the Grand Canyon together. &gt;&gt; That's why sometimes I tell people say, "Oh, do you know brother so and so?" I said, "Yes, we went to different schools together." Wait, what? You have to to to walk together, you have to meet. &gt;&gt; It would be the same time. It would be the same place. And so, can two walk together unless they be agreed? That word in the Hebrew actually means meeting place. that you have some common meeting point. How could we walk? How could we travel together unless we had an appointed place that we met and an appointed time and said we're we've met here and this is where we're going. And so to walk together, there has to be a a common beginning point and I would say destination. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Have you ever had that awkward moment where you're walking with somebody after you've had lunch together and you keep walking and walking and you both end up somewhere and it's like are you parked here? was like, "No, I thought you were parked here." And you both just end up, you know, in Aenddale and you were in Anthem. I was like, "Well, I was thought you were parked over here. I was just walking where you were parked." But you have to have a if you have different parking spots and at one point you're like, "Well, this is getting awkward. I'm going to go to my car. You go to your car." And the destination determines the point at which you separate. &gt;&gt; There's a lot there to think about. &gt;&gt; So, can you walk together unless you have some sort of agreement uh some and even harmony and pace and destination? 1 John chapter 1 verse one speaks of how if we walk in the light or first John speaks of how that if we walk in the light we have uh fellowship with one another. Walk in the light as he is in the light. We have fellowship with one another. And the blood of Jesus Christ cleanses us from all unrighteousness. So we have to walk in the light in order to be together. That fellowship there in the in the Greek is that participation community. We have fellowship one with another. So you meet and you walk. You're in the light. You're heading the same direction. You're being guided by the same light. &gt;&gt; So, there's something that we all share in common. A common foundation, common salvation, a common faith. Speaks of even a common beginning, common possession. The faith that you have is the same faith that all of all of God's elect. Though we may have different measures of gifts and callings, we have a common faith. Though our own faith can be increased, and we can say, "Lord, I believe, help thou my unbelief." There's still a common salvation, a common faith, the faith of God's elect. The faith of the son of God. &gt;&gt; We all live by that. Now, Hebrews chapter 11 verse one says this about faith. Now, faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. Faith is a actual substance and evidence. It's very powerful. What we call the sixth sense. Faith is the substance of things hoped for. And this hope here is not the enemy of faith, but rather the product of faith that the what you hope for you're you're under expectation to receive because of faith. Faith is the substance of things looked for, hoped for, the evidence of things that you do not yet possess &gt;&gt; or you do not see, but you believe that you do or that you will. &gt;&gt; And I I only want to take from this that faith is forwardlooking. &gt;&gt; That when you have faith, it has an objective. faith final resting place is on the word of God. Uh we have it's not by sight but it's by faith that we walk by. So if we walk by faith it means we we have a destiny that we're believing in by faith. We have a goal that we're wanting to achieve by faith. So faith has an objective. It has an aim. It has a target. So faith isn't just looking back. &gt;&gt; Faith has a a a forwardlooking uh objective. it's goal oriented. Uh so that if there's a common faith and there's a common salvation, then there's a common goal, &gt;&gt; there's a common destiny, there's a common objective. One thing if I want to put if I could put it this way, and I don't want to get too caught up in this, even though I think it's a fascinating subject and it has a lot of uh truth rooted in scripture, but there's a difference. There's a there's a a concept called growth mindset. And it's an attitude of what you're becoming and what your potential is. And I'm not just it's not just what I am. It's very static. And this is who I am and this is what I am. But there's this idea that there's this potential here that I'm going to achieve. That's what faith is like. &gt;&gt; This is where I I begin to uh zero in on this idea of a mindset. A mindset is the habit or the habits of the mind. It's this established set of attitudes that someone holds. It's not just one attitude, but it's a like a group, a set of attitudes, perspectives, a set of beliefs that affect how you view yourself, how you view the world. So there there is a Christian mindset. &gt;&gt; We may have different taste, we may have different opinions, may have different experiences, but there is a Christian mindset. There there's a way that we think. There's an objective that we have. And the scriptures are constantly teaching us to labor to have. And this is going to be my very simple uh thought today is to labor to have the same mindset, &gt;&gt; not the same set of minds. And not that we would all have, you know, this hive mind. If we were all thinking the same thing, we can never surprise somebody on their birthday. Mine's April 16th. And we'd know what's coming up, what's going to happen, and and there'd never be any surprises. So, it's obviously not that we know everyone's thoughts or that we all have the same goals, but there is a Christian mindset that we would all have in common &gt;&gt; where we have a common goal. we have a common vision that there's this outlook that we have even on life something positive something that we we see something terrible or horrible we can look at it and say wow God has a way of being able to use even that &gt;&gt; to to to glorify his own name to do good for us. So there's a mindset that we have as Christians. Philippians chapter 3 as we read in our text verses 7-16 I believe we're seeing the mindset of Paul in Philippians chapter 3 and that what we're looking at in this is an attitude a a set of beliefs that he has that gives him a particular outlook so it begins by him saying that everything that I had before I was a Pharisee of the Pharisees circumcised on the eighth day the stock of Israel the tribe of Benjamin uh Hebrew of Hebrews touching the law. He says uh uh a Pharisee uh the righteousnesses of the law blameless. He had quite the resume. And he says all those things which would have been everything to a Jew, a Pharisee, the stock of Israel, the tribe of Benjamin. He says, "I count it as loss that I may gain that I may gain everything Christ." &gt;&gt; So that he s he count all things lost for the knowledge of Jesus Christ. Suffer the loss of all things. He counts it as done that he may be found in him. not the righteousness which is of the law, but which is through the faith of Jesus Christ. Verse 10, that I may know him and the power of his resurrection and the fellowship of his sufferings, being made conformable unto his death. And so there's these this desire, these aspirations to know him, to to have this righteousness swell up through him. And he says, if by any means I might obtain into the resurrection of the dead. And then he stops here and says, I don't want you to think that I'm saying all this as if I've already done it. Not as though I've already obtained either already perfect, but I follow after. &gt;&gt; Could say all these different things that he that in his past and the way he regarded his past and the way that he saw himself now, it gives him this particular mindset, this determination. I follow after if that I may apprehend that for which also I am apprehended of Christ. Brethren, I count myself to have not to have apprehended, but this one thing I do. Notice all these aspects to this one thing. forgetting those things which are behind and reaching forth into those things which are before I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. So we cannot fulfill verse 14. This one thing he does he pressed towards the mark. &gt;&gt; He follows after this. This is what he pressed towards. But you cannot do that unless you forget those things which are behind and you reach forth to those things which are before. &gt;&gt; So pressing toward the mark isn't something that we're going to say, "Oh, it's right here. I'm just going to grab it." Christ did not think that being equal with God was something just easily grasped. He had to learn by obedience. uh he he was made perfect by the things which he suffered. So he says, "I follow after and I forget those things which are behind. I reach forth to those things which are before and I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus." So it wasn't just a mark or a destination, but he realized that it was a reward or a prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. He's really qualified it and narrowed it down for us. Let us therefore as many as would be perfect be thus minded. So we say well that's just that Paul he's just expressing what prophets uh do. He's just this is what preachers have to worry about. That's what pastors that's the mindset of a pastor. No this is the mindset of a Christian. &gt;&gt; This is the mindset that we all should have. Be thus minded. What minded? That you would follow after. That you would forget those things which are behind. Reach forth to those things which are before. press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. Be have the same mindset. And if anything you be otherwise minded, God shall reveal even this unto you. So if you don't have that, then God needs to reveal this to you. You need to have this mindset. &gt;&gt; So he says, nevertheless, where whereto we have already attained, let us walk by the same rule. Let us mind the same thing. He says, let us mind the same thing. It's to direct one's mind to something to seek. Seek the same thing. So mind the same thing as seek after it. Strive for it to to to to seek the interest of this likemindedness to to seek this advantage of reaching forth for the mark of the prize of the high call of God in Christ Jesus. We should have this same mind. He said it in chapter 2:es 1 and two. If there be any therefore any consolation in Christ, if any comfort of love, if any fellowship of the spirit, if any bowels of mercies, fulfill ye my joy. So there's a lot that he's saying if there's going to be any consolation, comfort, fellowship, any mercy, any feeling that you be like-minded. So like-mindedness, this like-mindedness is very important for all these things. And he says, "Having the same love, being of one accord, of one mind, have the same mindset. Ha, have the same the same goal." It doesn't mean we have to all have the same goal. And so, well, we need to figure this out. We need to figure out whether or not we're a tennis church or a pickle ball church or a golf church or a bass fishing church. &gt;&gt; Saints, we have to all we have to have the same hobbies, the same the same goals. Well, that, you know, that's that's not what's being meant here because there's this outward optics, politics, pressure, you know, personality type things that we could all kind of get very clickish around and we could be a a really good pickle ball community. We could win pickle ball championships within the private the church circuit a and we could go to camps and just really kill it. We could even come up with a traveling pickle ball court and go to camps and conventions and say, "Bring it." And there's a because we all have this common aspiration, this common goal, but you know, WE MAY NOT ALL WANT there may we may really really like pickles, but we may not like pickle ball. They're pickling everything these days. I've had pickled eggs, pickled beets, and now there's pickled balls. But he says that we should be of the same mind. It's a it's a particular mindset towards something that we have in common. &gt;&gt; I like the way Philippians chapter 4:es 1:2. This is just how this theme comes up in consecutive chapters in his letter to the church of Philippi. Therefore, my brethren, dearly beloved, and longed for my joy and crown. So stand fast in the Lord, my dearly beloved, I beseech Udius and beseech sent that they may be of the same mind and of the may be of the same mind in the Lord. Look, it shows that there's this mindset where it's not personality. &gt;&gt; It's not pretense. It's not some kind of forced uh uh, you know, conforming, but we have we have a similar mindset, a same mindset, like-mindedness, be thus minded. Could even put it this way that if we're to be like-minded, it's we're reaching for the prize of the high calling, this mark. We're we're reaching for this goal, the goal of an age. Matthew chapter 16 21-23 it uses this word like-minded or the same mind but uses it in a different context but and I think it helps us to understand what Paul is referring to says from that time forth Jesus began Jesus to show unto his disciples how that he should must go that how that he must go unto Jerusalem and suffer many things of the elders and chief priests and scribes and be killed and be raised again the third days. He's he's not being subtle. And that's why it's so remarkable that when the his own disciples on the road to saying he was crucified and it's the third day and now he's missing and we don't know what to think. It's like, well, didn't he tell you this is what this is what would happen? But he was being very overt about it. Now, this is Jesus saying, "This is what has to happen. I must go to Jerusalem. I must suffer trial. I'm going to be killed." And then Peter in verse 22 took him and began to rebuke him saying, "Be it far from thee, Lord. This shall not be unto thee." Such a boldness of Peter there, but boldly wrong. But he turned and said unto Peter. Now Jesus, this is his response. Get thee behind me, Satan. Thou art an offense unto me. Peter is like, whoa, that escalated quickly. you know, kind of say, "Hey, I don't think you need to die here. Let's, you know, tone down the rhetoric." And next thing you know, he's being called Satan. And he says, "For thou savorest not the things that be of God, but those that be of men." &gt;&gt; That word there, savorverst is this like-mindedness, the same mind. It's this what you relish or you desire, this object of desire. It's what you set your mind upon. So thou savorest not the things of God. You mind these things that are carnal. &gt;&gt; You mind things that are natural. You You have this instinct to think, "Well, maybe the Messiah, he shouldn't suffer, and none of us would like to suffer, and we would want to avoid death, and we would like to be able to draw the sword to defend you, and we'd like to be able to uh uh to kill our oppressors." And he says, "You don't mind the things of God." So if we to have the same mind in the Lord, it means we desire, we relish, we we set it's an object, a similar object of desire and it's something that is in God's heart or God's mind. I believe that as Christians, our objective is to fulfill God's objective. That God has a purpose. That's the purpose that we're aiming for. In the sermon, Christ is the mystery of God revealed, brother Brandham says the entire Bible is an expression of one goal that God had. What a great perspective. When you read the Old Testament, we we look if you read it and you kind of if you're to start in chapter 1 and you begin to read through it, then you'd find that there's a very broad the whole world, all the God creates the heavens and the earth and then it zeros in on Adam and the woman and the garden and very quickly things happen and transpired to Genesis 11 to where now everyone's dispersed all over the world and you have this picture of different languages, different people being scattered all over this and then it zeros in on one man in Genesis 12. one man, Abram, who becomes Abraham. And the rest of the Bible, the Old Testament specifically revolves around that man and his seed. &gt;&gt; And the New Testament is that the the that church that comes from the seed, which is Christ, &gt;&gt; and so there's the Bible, WE CAN VIEW IT as one goal that God had, &gt;&gt; one purpose he wanted to achieve in the entire Bible. I I'm reading a particular uh Bible to read the Bible in in one year and and there's little recaps that it has and I was pleasantly surprised after a lengthy diversion on the Trinity. It's like, well, let's uh add my own notes here. But there was um uh a statement that God wasn't surprised by what happened in the garden. This was it wasn't God didn't revert to plan B. This was always plan A. I'm I I was pleasantly surprised because there's a lot of theology that just believes that God was all of a sudden just STRUCK BY SURPRISE LIKE, "WAIT A MINUTE. WAIT A MINUTE. WHAT'S THIS news coming? What's this scroll on the bottom of my feed here saying that the woman did what? And Adam did it, TOO. WHAT DO WE DO? I GOT TO GO FIND THEM." NO. SATAN WORKED OUT in the garden what was necessary to fulfill God's plan &gt;&gt; because the Bible speaks of the one purpose he wanted to achieve in the entire Bible. So, brother Ram says, "And all the acts of the believers in the Bible have been in type, expressing what God's great goal is." He says, "And now in the last days, he's revealed it and shows it." So, there's something in God's mind, in God's heart, something that Christianity got away from, and it became denominational, becomes organizational. BUT THE BIBLE REVEALS THE HEART OF GOD, reveals this one goal and this purpose that God has. And so, we got TO BE BROUGHT BACK to that God's mindset. &gt;&gt; Amen. And I believe that that does put us in the mind and maybe we'll touch on it on Wednesday night that there is there is to be a rapture. &gt;&gt; There's going to be a change that we should not be living just so that for the grave, but we should be living for a goal of a meeting in the air to be changed in a moment. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; So the Bible expresses one goal. I think that's where uh I don't know if this is actually I've heard it before my life for sever many many years but I think the phrase is squad goals like you and your homies you know you have a goal something you want to accomplish and I was that was kind of a working title for this was like squad goals and we've this is what we want to do right this is what we want to accomplish and as Christians we've got goals we've got ideas and as ideas we mean one big idea the rapture manifest Christ. Express the word. There's things that we have we want to do. Goals. So goal was at the heart of what I'm thinking about. But we have faith has a goal. It has an objective. First Corinthians chapter 1 verse 10. I beseech you brethren by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ that you all speak the same thing that there be no divisions among you. So there's unity, there's togetherness. He says that you be perfectly joined together. We cannot do this humanistically. This is not even a a human nature joining together. &gt;&gt; This is a spiritual joining &gt;&gt; perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment. &gt;&gt; I would actually argue that it comes from a place of insecurity and intolerance that would try to force some sort of external harmony &gt;&gt; and to where we want to change your personality and your preferences to fit ours. &gt;&gt; Uh because we don't like we we need to all be the same. Oh, I think being perfectly joined together is when we could be such just a hodgepodge, like just the weirdest squad ever, right? But yet we have a common goal. We somehow get fit together like they're different, they're different, they're different, but they all get along. &gt;&gt; And it's not that we all get along because we're all related to each other, &gt;&gt; though. That might be the better miracle when people who are related get along so well. But that could just be tradition or just, you know, the the threat of losing the inheritance, you know, because dad is really really rich and I want to just tow the line so I can get the inheritance at the end of the day. But there's a likemindedness to be perfectly joined together. He says in the same mind and in the same judgment. The word judgment there is agreement. Even speaks of opinion, purpose, your resolve. We have many many different opinions, different attitudes, preferences, even uh cultural aspirations or things that we value, personal hobbies, financial habits. There may be a lot of things that distinguish us. But yet in all that we can be perfectly joined together without erasing those distinctions if we have this mind and judgment that Paul is talking about. He mentions it in 2 Corinthians chapter 13 11. Finally, brethren, fair farewell. Be perfect. Be of good comfort. Be of one mind. Live in peace. And the God of love and peace shall be with you. Be of one mind. &gt;&gt; We really do need to give thought as to what this one mind is, what it looks like, what what it would uh what it would relate to. I'll just kind of foreshadow the obvious answer. We have the mind of Christ &gt;&gt; that there there is a mindset and an attitude. And though that mindset and attitude may work itself out in your life differently in terms of uh ministries and administrations and callings and destinations naturally and works that you do and and and gifts that you might express, there still is this common goal that we have. And the leadership of the Holy Spirit will never vary from his word. Amen. &gt;&gt; The Holy Spirit cannot deny his own word. &gt;&gt; That's why when when uh the Bible says that there's many now that deny that Christ has come in the flesh and and it could be so bold to say and that's Antichrist because Christ cannot deny his own word. The spirit cannot deny the word. So there's a mind here. Be of one mind. Romans 12:16 be of the same mind one toward another. Mind not high things, but condescend to men of low estate. Be not wise in your own conceits. I find it remarkable just how often the Bible speaks on these things, especially in the New Testament. And we believe in a common salvation and a common faith. We believe Jesus Christ, the only foundation. But in the working out of these things, it's constantly telling us to be humble, to be meek, to mind not high things, but condescend to men of low estate. Look upon the needs of others. This mindset, this attitude, be not wise in your own conceits. Don't think of yourself more than you ought to. Believe these things are there because there's a true nature of the word that's born inside of you. But then there's this other part of you that came by natural birth that has to be shaped by this new &gt;&gt; word, this new life. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So the same mind in a lot of ways is the renewing of these minds. &gt;&gt; The human mind, the human attitude. Romans chapter 15 5-7. Now the God of patience and consolation grant you to be likeminded one toward another. He said it in chapter 12. The same mind one toward another. Now to be likeminded one toward another according to Christ Jesus. That would be the same mind in the Lord. that you may with one mind and one mouth glorify God, even the father of our Lord Jesus Christ. Wherefore receive ye one another, as Christ also received us under the glory of God. We're receptive to one another. We we we are welcoming. We are like-minded one toward another. Of one mind and one mouth, we glorify God. If we could suspend for a moment what that looks like and just accept that there is a reality of a one mind and one mouth. Well then how how is it that I receive one and what is this going to look like? Sometimes we try to get into the application before we accept the principle &gt;&gt; and we make it very very difficult for it to ever become alive in our lives because we're like well he wants me to do this but what does that look like and how is that going to happen? Listen, if God says to do something, then you could say, "Lord, I believe that. I believe your word. Be it unto me according to thy word." Mary did not say, "Well, um, in this instance, very different than anything I've ever been told. So, how long's the term going to be?" &gt;&gt; You know, and and blue eyes or brown eyes and boy or girl. It's going, well, already kind of told you. There's there MIGHT BE SOME THINGS ALL THESE QUESTIONS. UH, should I go natural? Should I use the Bradley birth method? You know, should could it be a HOME BIRTH? THERE WAS NO OTHER QUESTIONS. IT was just be it unto me according to thy word. &gt;&gt; And sometimes they're trying to figure out, well, what does this look like? What does this look like? Well, can we look into the word of God and say that I'm being challenged to have a same mind one toward another to be of one mind and one mouth glorify God. Say, be unto me according to thy word. &gt;&gt; Whatever keeps me from fulfilling this, Lord, shape me by the word of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Colossians 3:es 1:4. If ye then be risen with Christ, here's a mindset. Seek those things which are above. Relish, desire, pursue where Christ siteth on the right hand of God. Set your affection on things above, not on things on earth. For you're dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God. When Christ, who is our life, shall appear, then shall you also appear with him in glory. Seek things which are above. Set your affection and desires and feelings on things above. Seek ye first the kingdom of God. This is a mindset. This mindset does not make us so I would say lowercase spiritual that we become religious and in all things we try to attain to some sort of piety and self-discipline to where well I I I I I seek things which are above. So, I don't eat anything anymore. I think there's people out there said that all they've ever done for 30 years is drink water and and I'm sure that they're, you know, related to the liver king or whatever he is who says all he ever does is eat liver and obviously inject steroids. Seek those things which are above. Set your affections to the things above means there's a mindset that in doing so we can fulfill our natural responsibilities. We don't have to become weird uh uh uh cultist ideas. Set seek those things which are above. Set your affections on things above. This is a mindset. Romans chapter 8:es 5 to9. For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh. This is where Paul talks about the mind of one who is single thinks about the things of God how that he may please the Lord. But one who is married thinks about the spouse how they may please their spouse. So he's saying that there is a fleshly mindset that only minds and desires and savors the things of the flesh. But they that are after the spirit, born again by the spirit of God, they mind the things of the spirit. For to be carnally minded is death, but to be spiritually minded. That's a purpose. That's resolve is life and peace. We must have this kind of mindset because the carnal mind is enmity against God. For it is not subject to the law of God, neither indeed can be. For then they that are in the flesh cannot please God. But ye are not in the flesh, but in the spirit, if so be that the spirit of God dwells in you. Now, if any man have not the spirit of Christ, he is none of his. So, if you have not been born again, then you don't have the spirit and you're subject only to the carnal mind. And whatever whims can shape the carnal mind, even if they be uh truths and and uh principles and ideals that are scriptural, it's only when you're born again, can you actually set your mind on things above, &gt;&gt; set these affections on things above to where now the spirit is going to be directed towards the word. THE MY HEART IS GOING TO BE DIRECTED TOWARDS GOD'S PROMISES. Faith final resting place is on the word of God. So I'm looking at the word of God. I I I'm forwardlooking. &gt;&gt; Amen. spiritually minded. But if you're only in the flesh, the Bible speaks of a double-minded man. That's one who's got religion in his head, but not in his heart. &gt;&gt; Got Christ in his mind, but the spirit's not in his soul. Then there's going to be he's only in the flesh. He says if the spirit of God dwells in you then you are in you have the spirit to avail yourself to this influence this likemindedness this Christian mindset it's the word first it's a it's the word of God has the preeminence and the sermon the feast of the trumpets and this kind of helps me transition um to some of the things that we've been looking at and this idea of all things common. There's a religious way to try to achieve uh this being joined together. Let us join together. Let us come together. We're we're all Christians or we all think we believe life is good or we believe that God created the heavens and the earth and there's they try to find some sort of basis to come together and it could be thought it could be some uh shred of theology. And so there's a a definite togetherness that would be shallow that would be false. But then there's something real that the word of God brings. So he says the ecumenical move with the world council of churches. He's talking about that this this bringing together. He says what does that stand for? You have to surrender all of your evangel evangelical teachings and things. So he quotes Amos 3:3. How can two walk together unless they be agreed? And he says they cannot. Jesus said they cannot. How can a church how can the Methodist and Baptist walk together? What would what would it require for them to walk together? He says, "How can the church of Christ walk with Presbyterians? How can the Catholic walk with the Protestant?" Well, Protestant kind of says it all. &gt;&gt; I'm protestant against what? Catholics. Reminds me when my brother was testifying to somebody one time in Prescuit and he was telling all about Jesus and the guy said, "I'm alcoholic." AND HE SAID, "THAT'S WHY YOU NEED CHRIST. THAT'S WHY YOU NEED JESUS." And it really caught the guy by surprise. He's like, "What do you mean?" My brother was leaving and he realized the guy didn't say alcoholic. He said, "Catholic." And uh and it ever remains the truth. That's why you need Jesus. He says, "HOW CAN THE CATHOLIC WALK WITH the Protestant?" And how can the Protestant walk with the Pentecostal? He said, "HOW CAN HE HOW CAN THEY walk together?" He says, "But the bride can walk with the word." &gt;&gt; How is it that a Catholic can walk with the Protestant when they walk in the word? &gt;&gt; That's that's how it happens &gt;&gt; is when that you shed some sort of man-made label or identity or some means by which man has tried to create togetherness &gt;&gt; and protect the truth and advance the gospel. you if you you you want to blush, just read the history of the church &gt;&gt; and the exploration of foreign lands and how economics was the true driving factor. And they used the pretense of religion and Christianity, describing any other creed as savages &gt;&gt; and ignorant and lower class and halfhuman BEINGS AS A WAY OF JUSTIFYING THEIR ECONOMIC PURSUITS to to conquer foreign lands and using Christianity. as the pretense for it. &gt;&gt; That's why you have organization and religion and denominationalism. That's how Christ slowly was kicked out of the church. But when you come back to the word, then you can walk together. &gt;&gt; He says it must be in agreement. Not the ecclesiastical system, but the word. &gt;&gt; Amen. This is why ecclesiastical systems eventually begin to you have to have schools and you have to have hierarchy and you have to have headquarters &gt;&gt; because you got to keep the system in place in order to keep the thing moving. &gt;&gt; Wow. Isn't it wonderful when you could just trust God? &gt;&gt; I don't know why I'm thinking about it's like what what does the word independent mean? &gt;&gt; Right? If you're all tied to the same organization and structure and system and you can't vary outside of that, &gt;&gt; that's why I like the, you know, some say interdenominational and and what happens is there's names that become non-denominational becomes actually a denomination in itself. &gt;&gt; When you organize around being non-denominational, &gt;&gt; it must be an agreement, not the ecclesiastical system. There is a an ecclesiastical system that can be made. He says, "But the word." You have to agree with the word to walk with the word. No man-made system can put you on a track to walk with the word. &gt;&gt; There's no uh refined theology that we can adopt. So, if we could just figure out seven, seven's a good number, seven doctrines to put on our website. Our mission statement contains 777 letters in seven statements of what our seven doctrines are. And that's gonna that's gonna that if people COULD JUST GET THAT AND BOW DOWN TO THAT AND WE GOT IT FIGURED OUT. I'M GETTING EXCITED JUST THINKING ABOUT IT. CHAT GPT help me do it. But if there's no there's no system we could come up with. You've got to meet God yourself. &gt;&gt; You got to meet him face to face. There's a way that you uh uh we can as ministers, as God- called men, TAKE THE BIBLE, TAKE THE WORD OF GOD, AND preach it in such a convincing way that people say, "Well, how can you disagree with that?" But that's NOT EVEN IT. YOU'VE GOT TO MEET Jesus Christ yourself. &gt;&gt; Face to FACE MEETING WITH GOD, then as the word of God comes inside of you, WE CAN SAY YOU HAVE THE MIND OF CHRIST NOW. And that needs to be fed by the word of God. Word coming, it builds faith. Faith gets visionary. It starts looking forward. AND THAT'S HOW YOU CAN WALK IN agreement is when you have a COMMON FAITH, A COMMON SALVATION, AND A COMMON teacher on the inside. &gt;&gt; So the Christian mindset achieves the right kind of community because it has a common beginning, a common feature, common unification, and this common goal. But a forced unity or some sort of ecclesiastical system or human community can achieve a a unified experience, but they do it through outward force, &gt;&gt; some sort of external pressure or influence. It could be political pressure, social pressure, it could be financial incentives. There's a lot of ways that we achieve a unified experience, but it's not done inwardly. community at this I I don't know if I've said it this way but I've jot I've written it down and just in my handwriting my notes as I as I jot these things down that community does not work ex work externally it starts from the inside &gt;&gt; and so I wanted to give a shout out to communism or maybe I'm calling it out not a shout out shout out's kind of like you know comrades in the gospel but uh uh call out communism a little bit Marx was considered the founder father of communism. He believed that science was the means by which you could fulfill the goal of communism. Now think of this in terms of what science has become. It's become the religion. &gt;&gt; And you say well it it's science and immediately if you if you take it between science and not science people start thinking in terms of you know donkeys and elephants and democrats and republicans. No, they're all scientists. because it it it's the the pursuit of the wrong kind of knowledge. &gt;&gt; But Karl Marx, the the father of communism, believed that science could achieve the goal of communism. This community and Marxist communism denied denied explicitly denied the possibility of it an absolute moral code or any kind of divine authority. &gt;&gt; Communism has to begin with the belief that there is no God. &gt;&gt; Yes. Right? &gt;&gt; AND SO THERE WAS FIVE SCIENTIFIC, THINK ABOUT THIS, FIVE SCIENTIFIC laws of communism. This is a scientific law. Number one, God does not exist. Number two, everything is material. Human nature is the product of economic environment in which you're raised, in which you're brought up. So there a special environment creates a special class. That's the fourth one. So if we are the product of our economic environment and that produces different people then you have to have the same economic environment for all classes &gt;&gt; to create common people. That's why you do away with the um well think about how communism was trying to achieve utopia &gt;&gt; by creating one environmental class and in order to economic class and in order to have one economic class you had to have a ruling class right &gt;&gt; that's why utopia means literally no place &gt;&gt; doesn't exist because man cannot achieve this &gt;&gt; so they they immediately viol violate their own science by trying to enforce it externally. But there is no God. Everything is material. Human nature is the product of your economic environment. Different economic environments will produce different classes of people. And the working class, say it with me, amen. The working class, the proletariat must win. I don't know the Russian national anthem, but I you can just hear it now. You know, brother Putin General, I don't know who the premier is of China right now, but this is the attitude of communism. And if you look at that, I mean, I know saying God doesn't exist and everything's material. If we if we took it and just kind of massaged it a little bit, but you can deny Christ as the Bible says, in works, they deny him. though they profess them and though they there's a way that we become scientific because we're not truly subject to God. We're only looking to the material things. &gt;&gt; We recognize the power of environment. Therefore, we try to create one. &gt;&gt; And then the environment we've created is the one that's right and must win. So there's a way that it begins to manifest itself over and over and over again in religions and churches and Christian denominations that are spotted with humanism. &gt;&gt; They're spotted with communism. &gt;&gt; Yes. &gt;&gt; And one of the tenants of uh communism is the abolishment of the right of private property. That means especially in means of production and and distribution. So you create no private property. everything's a war of the state because they're trying to create one common class. Now, that's not what the Bible's teaching. The Bible says they had all things common and they they sold what they had and they and they distributed to those uh uh uh that were needy. This was this was not communism. Communism creates by political force a social system that's based upon collective ownership or all things common. And you realize that we can make the same mistake in terms of being Christian to look for well political force. I just want to I legalism and force and and intimidation make ME MAKE ME WHAT I OUGHT TO BE. I RESPOND WELL TO FEAR. NO, IT CANNOT BE BY FEAR. &gt;&gt; IT CANNOT BE BY FEAR OF BEING REJECTED. THERE THERE HAS TO BE FAITH THAT SWELLS UP ON THE INSIDE OF THE INDIVIDUAL. WE CANNOT CREATE BY POLITICAL FORCE OR ANY OTHER FORCE A SYSTEM that creates common things. That's right. &gt;&gt; In the church age book, brother Brandham writes it this way in the Leodysian church age. The Catholics and Protestants are even now striving for and actually gaining ground in this union with the avowed intent that all others will follow. This is still this World Council of Churches, this ecumenical movement where we all just kind of say, "Well, I know that we became what we were because we left you and protested you and and all these denominations, you know, fighting and waring and distinguishing themselves and preaching against them each other for centuries are now trying to come together to form on a some kind of common ground or common basis. and you recognize the folly of it because then once you do that it's a lot harder to split hairs over other moralities like well I guess maybe you know if if you want to identify as trans indigenous that's fine uh you know you can be a part of this and you can be a part of that and all these different ways that people can you start to lose your authority when the word is doesn't have preeminence so it says this very attitude was seen in the United Nations when the world leaders refused to recognize any one individual concept of spiritual worship, but recommended putting aside all those separate concepts with the hopes that all religions would become leveled into one. For all desire the same goals, all have the same purposes, and all are basically right. &gt;&gt; That's exactly the attitude &gt;&gt; because there is no What is it we say? Well, I believe this and you believe that and well, they kind of contradict one another, but we say we're both right. What does that mean? There is no absolute moral authority. &gt;&gt; There is no divine authority. THERE IS NO ABSOLUTE TRUTH. &gt;&gt; We can all just exist together by saying you're God to yourself. You have your truth to yourself. We all have the same goals. But the goal of communism is vastly different from the goal of Christianity. &gt;&gt; Notice the name Leodysa, people's rights, justice of the peoples. Was there ever an age like the 20th century church age that has all nations rising up and demanding equality? socially and financially. &gt;&gt; This is the age of the communists where all men are supposedly equal, though it's only so in theory. &gt;&gt; We see it happening now as democracy claims to be the answer, but it's not &gt;&gt; because man administers it imperfectly. &gt;&gt; It's the age of communism and communist where we're all equal but yet unable to achieve it. without are not even attempting to achieve it any other way but through political pressure, intimidation, violence. There there there seems to be no uh calming down of all the political rhetoric and agitation that exist. That's right. &gt;&gt; I know we we tend to swing and it's like, well, you know, this is this happens and that happens. But I think we can no longer view the world in the same way that we viewed it for hundreds of years. &gt;&gt; There it's it's on a path to total chaos, &gt;&gt; total destruction. It's blacked out spiritually. And you would do better to to stop peeking into it &gt;&gt; because it informs us. &gt;&gt; It gets in your mind. Man, I can't believe that's happening. I can't believe this is happening. You'd be best to get up be of a different mind because they're all vying for your mind. &gt;&gt; Jude 3, four, and five. Beloved, when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, well, I'm going to I want to pause for a moment. I I could stop here. Uh, and maybe take the rest of the week off because I already have half a sermon. &gt;&gt; Um, this will this will fit I think this will fit in. This will tie this tie this up good because we're we're looking at how there's a a forced ecclesiastical system. I'm only using communism as an example of a man-made system that tries to achieve common class. We have the faith of God's elect. We have Christians and we say there's no Jew or Greek. There's no uh uh slave bond or free. And we have it's like they're all the same in Christ. &gt;&gt; So, okay. Well, this that has this particular veneer or finish or feel to it. So, then how do we accomplish this through these other means and these other ways? We think, oh, we can achieve it this way. No, it can only be done through Christ. &gt;&gt; It can only be done through Christ. So, I'm only using communism as an example of denominational, political, man-made systems that try to achieve certain things. Jude verse three, behold, I when I gave all diligence to write unto you of the common salvation, it was needful for me to write unto you and exhort you that you should earnestly contend for the faith which was once delivered unto the saints. For there are certain men crept in unawares. So, they have crept in. They've gotten in it. They they're they're external or they're outward but now now they've come in with a different kind of mindset who were before of old ordained to this condemnation ungodly men. I want you to recognize that he's not say he's not pointing his finger at something on the outside but he said this is within the gospel now around the Christian church turning the grace of our God into lasciviousness. So they're taking the grace which comes by the gospel and trying to redefine it and denying the only Lord God and our Lord Jesus Christ. So it is communism. I will therefore put you in remembrance though you once knew this how that the Lord having saved the people out of the land of Egypt afterward destroyed them that believed not. Jude is a very short letter. You could read the whole thing to get the full context. But he's saying they fell short of the promise because they didn't believe. They left the land of Egypt. They started out in this move. two million strong community that hated their bondage and they fall short. They were destroyed because they believed not. What did they not believe? Did they not believe they left Egypt? Well, surely they believed that. Did they not believe that mana came from heaven? They ate it every day. Wherein was they? What is it they did not believe? They lost sight of the promise. Not just to leave Egypt, but to enter the promised land. They didn't believe the promise as it pertained TO THE GOAL OR THEY weren't convinced OF IT. THEY DOUBTED IT. THEY DIDN'T WANT it enough. They didn't relish it. &gt;&gt; They didn't have a mindset. Someone said, "Well, you know, Moses said that we could possess the promised land." They said, "Yeah, I know, but is this really worth it? Is it going to be any better there than what we had in Egypt?" So, it didn't have to be an outright denial. IT WAS JUST THIS RATIONALIZATION that takes place &gt;&gt; where they reason themselves out of it. They're not convinced OR THEY DON'T VALUE IT. THEY DON'T RELISH IT. THEY DON'T SAVOR IT ENOUGH. YEAH. WELL, here we are. We're on our journey. Yeah. Promised land. Woo. Let's do this whenever. Sure. No urgency, no relishing, no savoring, no thinking, man. Whatever it takes, Lord, I want to get there. &gt;&gt; I I I That's the goal. That's the promise, Lord. But I don't want to fall short of one promise. Hebrews 4:es 1 and 2. This is applicable to even those that left Egypt as it has application in Christ being preached, the gospel being preached. He says, "Let us therefore fear lest a promise be left us of entering into his rest. The promised land represents this rest. Any of you should seem to come short of it." I love how that what we could preach salvation that's so certain and so secure that we should never doubt it. But then the Bible at the same time never wants us to become complacent with it &gt;&gt; and reminds us that the mind is a nasty thing and could convince you that you're right when in reality it's darkness. So we get these checkup points to find out whether or not it's in our hearts. &gt;&gt; Don't fall short of it. For unto us was the gospel preached as well as unto them. But the word preached did not profit them. We can think in the even in the Exodus in times past not being mixed with faith in them that heard it. &gt;&gt; The word never benefited them because it was it lacked the foundational faith that produces common salvation and a common mindset. &gt;&gt; So it's a it's it's a gut check time. I guess you know before you go to camp or church, you have fit checked. You want to make sure you look right and that's the squad goals is to make sure everyone's dressed the right way. But here, this is a this is a gut check. This is a fit check. This is a this is a community check here. Hey, wait a minute. What do you want to what are you trying to accomplish? &gt;&gt; I know that one thing we talk about in our family and that there's a maybe a constant uh challenge in these things is what what's our vision within our family? And it may seem like well how precise does it need to be? Does it need to be 777 uh characters or would 7,777 be better or 7 million 777? There's a a a vision and a mindset that maybe we can't quite articulate other than we know that we want what God wants. &gt;&gt; That our heart is for the things of God. &gt;&gt; That we can be we can be more intentional about the things that we we value. But they did not mix it with faith. And then they heard it and not mixing faith with it, it didn't keep it alive. It didn't become visionary. It didn't become goaly oriented. And this is said of those that left the land of Egypt and afterwards destroyed them all. I want to read from 1 Corinthians 10. But notice how in the sermon modern events made clear by prophecy. Brother Bram said, "And remember the sin that Israel did by Balam saying they were all the same." came and I just wish I had more time maybe to get into some of these things. That sin was never forgiven Israel. &gt;&gt; That sin is repeated often and further analyzed and uh made clear throughout the Bible to realize Balum caused them to sin. And how did he do it? All the way into the New Testament. This heir of Balum, he says the sin was never forgiven Israel. He says, "Let me give you a striking figure. Out of two million that left Egypt, two of them went into the promised land. Every one of them ate the same thing. They all danced in the spirit. They all had everything in common. But when it come to the separation time, the word did the separating. &gt;&gt; And so is it today? The word done the separating. &gt;&gt; How can two walk together except they be agreed? &gt;&gt; Can two walk together except they be agreed? If you're not walking in the light to the promise, there's a point at which you continue in light &gt;&gt; and the the separation takes place. &gt;&gt; We we can get in our minds that well, what we really need to do is we just need to try to figure out who's not who doesn't belong and just ask them to leave, right? You don't ever you don't need to do that. You probably asked the right ones to go. Just stay in the word of God. &gt;&gt; Stay in the word of God. Follow the leadership of the Holy Spirit in your life. Do you take these things to heart, have the same mind, and those who don't mix the faith with the word. THOSE THAT CAN START OUT, HE SAYS, THEY CAN ALL BE DOING ALL THE SAME THINGS, BUT NOT HAVING FAITH IN THE PROMISE, THEY FALL SHORT of it. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So, what we could do is we could create an arbitrary stopping point and then as SOON AS EVERYBODY KEEPS GOING ON, WE'RE LIKE, "AH, LOOK AT THOSE FOOLS SEPARATING." NO, you're the ONE THAT PUT A PERIOD on it. &gt;&gt; You're the one that denominated. &gt;&gt; You're the ONE THAT STOPPED GOING FURTHER. IT IT STOPPED PRAYING FOR REVELATION AND STOP THE WORD STOPPED OPENING up to you. &gt;&gt; So, you have to stay in the word of God. And all these external things, they all ate the same thing. They danced in the spirit. They had everything in common. It's not those things that should uh give us confidence at night. That's not what we rest in. You've got to rest in the rest which is the Holy Ghost. &gt;&gt; You have to enter into your own Sabbath. &gt;&gt; Cease from your own works. &gt;&gt; Can only do that by the new birth experience. &gt;&gt; Notice how he writes in 1 Corinthians chapter 10. Uh I'll read to verse uh 17. Moreover, brethren, I would not that you should be ignorant. how that all our fathers were under the cloud and all passed through the sea and were all baptized unto Moses in the cloud and in the sea and did all eat the same this is where it really gets interesting spiritual meat and did all drink the same spiritual drink for they drank of that spiritual rock that followed them and that rock was Christ &gt;&gt; they're all having a communal experience they're eating the same thing they're hearing the same thing. They're traveling the same path. But then something happens. The Bible speaks of faith being overthrown. Verse 5. But with many of them, God was not well pleased. For they were overthrown in the wilderness. What was it? The how does Judah describe it? They were destroyed because they believed not. They were overthrown. They died in the wilderness. Jesus said, "Your fathers ate men in the wilderness and every one of them are dead." &gt;&gt; They didn't enter into the promise. So he says, "Now these things were examples to the intent we should not lust after evil things as they also lusted. Set your affection on things above." He's talking about mindset. He's talking about desire, what we relish, what we want to accomplish, our goals. These things were an example for the purpose that we would be very circumspect about the things we pursue. That we would not go lusting. We would not leave following after the wrong things. Neither be idolattors as were some of them. And then he goes to these, it's almost like this alliteration. Do not be idolatrous as some of them were. As it's written, the people sat down to eat and drink and rose up to play. Neither let us commit fornication as some of them committed and fell in one day three and 20,000. Notice how he's going down each one of these instances. Neither let us tempt Christ as some of them also tempted and were destroyed of serpents. Neither murmur ye as al as some of them also murmured and were destroyed of the destroyer. He hits on all these different ways in which they were either idolatrators or they were fornicators or they were tempted or they were murmuring. These ways that they were stumbled and didn't go forward in the Exodus says now all of these things happened to them for examples. I love how that we can look into the word of God, look into the Old Testament and learn from it. All these things happened unto them for examples, and they are written for our admonition, upon whom the ends of the world are come. Wherefore let him that thinkketh he standeth take heed, lest he fall. What are you standing on? What are you anchored in? What kind of what's the what's the common? Is it all because we all do this, we all do that, we all or is there something in your heart, a mindset? And I I just love how this transition there hath no temptation taken you but such as common to man. So we have a common faith, common salvation, common beginnings, common Christ, all these. But then there's also common temptation. But God is faithful who will not suffer you to be tempted above that you're able, but will with the temptation also make a way to escape that you may be able to bear it. So at the moment of temptation don't despair because the logic says that with the temptation there's a way to escape it. &gt;&gt; So he's not saying that we escape temptation but when we are tempted we can escape the temptation. &gt;&gt; We can FIND A WAY TO BEAR IT TO NOT GIVE IN TO AS HE says flee idolatry. So we could flee idolatry. We could flee fornication. And we could flee the temptation and the murmuring. They're written for our ammon admonition SO THAT WE DON'T OUR FAITH IS NOT OVERTHROWN. It's not deterred. &gt;&gt; That we don't think we stand because we have common experiences outwardly. I speak as to wise men. Judge ye what I say. The cup of blessing which we bless is it not the communion of the blood of Christ? The bread which we break is it not the communion of the body of Christ? For we be many are one bread in one body. For we are all partakers of that one bread. In order for this to have the unifying effect, it needs to be Christ, &gt;&gt; the common faith, the common salvation. As the musicians come to their instruments wanted to there's a couple statements from and you could find this thought in the sermons perseverant perseverance I want to close on this just in this idea of the mindset this attitude a good. He says, "A good born again faith in God, a real genuine Holy Ghost faith, nothing's going to turn it down. It can't do it. It is persistent." That's a a mindset. It's a determination, Lord willing. And I I I uh I've been studying for this youth uh uh a youth camp coming up. And so we'll have to put out put on a filter so that nobody peaks in on this immediately. If you're if you're tuning in from Canada, you you don't have access to this. That's the AI filters we have put in. All we got to do is just snap a certain way and it engages. So Canadian filter activated. We the if you don't have a mindset, then you're sub Paul talked about toss to and fro. There's that unity. You're not you're just subject to the weather. And so there's a difference between climate and weather. And what I kind of the premise, the way the Lord's dealt with my heart for the young people is there's been climate change spiritually. And and there can be meetings and revival and times in life. Those are just weather events. A and if you're trying to determine your the age or the the climate or the environment you live in based upon a weather event, you would have thought at about 10:30 this morning that we were in Alaska cuz I was so freezing cold. I was going to tell you guys if it looks like I'm sweating, I'm just finally thawing out. And you'd think at any given moment, oh my goodness. And that's what some people do. It's like, oh, we got 400 feet of snow. So much for global warming, right? and they're looking at a weather event or it's 120 in Phoenix like, "Oh yeah, did I go, you know, did I go over warming now?" It's like, well, it still isn't the all-time high from 1942. Hey, there's just a way that we're just looking at weather events. But as a believer, we're not going by the weather. And and so our mindset, our our spiritual environment, if communism thinks it can do it by economic environment, then we by spiritual environment are becoming Christlike. And therefore, we have a persistent attitude and mindset. He says it's persistent. It's going to the goal that God has promised to it. There's nothing going to turn it down. It's going anyhow. No matter what the WEATHER'S LIKE, NO MATTER WHAT THE NA NATURAL LEODYSIAN CLIMATE'S LIKE, I I've entered into a different kind of mindset and I'm persevering to that. A real genuine Holy Ghost faith cannot be deterred. The sermon perseverance, he says to achieve anything, you've got to set a goal. This is something that's so true to human nature. I say if you want to do something, write it down. Write it down. Commit yourself to it. To achieve anything, you've got to set a goal and say this, I believe. And tie yourself to it and keep drawing, moving up closer to it, knowing that it's there. Knowing that there's something there that you're coming to it. That's really to achieve anything. Set a goal. He tells a story about the boy who's flying a kite and he said holding a string in his hand and the kite had been way out there in the heavenlies and the man came by and said, "What are you holding?" And the boy said, "I'm holding my kite." And the guy said, "I don't see nothing but a string." The boy said, 'There's a kite on the end of it. The man looked up and he goes,"I don't see a kite." And the boy says, 'Well, neither do I.' He said, 'Well, then how do you know you got a kite? Maybe just some friendly banter, maybe a dad joke, especially if the kite was camouflaged. Said, "How do you KNOW YOU GOT A KITE?" He said, "I can feel it tugging at the end." Said, "That's the way faith is. Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen. &gt;&gt; As long as you can set your faith on it, whatever your faith leads you to believe. He says, what as long as you can set your faith on it, then anchor to it. &gt;&gt; You're coming to it. No matter if you can't see it or not, you know it's there anyhow. You're tugging at it and it's pulling on you. &gt;&gt; How do you feel the pull of something? &gt;&gt; SOMETHING BEYOND YOURSELF, A COMMON GOAL. AND ANY MAN THAT'S EVER DONE ANYTHING WORTHWHILE HAS SET A GOAL AND THEN P been persistent and persevering to make that that's the Christian mindset to set a scriptural goal, A WORD STANDARD TO TO HAVE A MINDSET IN YOUR HEART. ARE WE TRYING TO ALL DRESS THE SAME AND ACHIEVE THE SAME NATURAL GOALS AND AND LET ME CHECK YOUR New Year's resolutions and make sure they're all sanctified? NO. THERE'S GOT TO BE THE MIND OF CHRIST ON the inside OF YOU THAT YOU SET YOUR MIND TO THE PROMISE OF THE AGE. The mark of the age. The promise is in the word of God. WHATEVER YOUR GIFTS AND CALLINGS may be, SET YOUR FAITH on it. And no matter what HAPPENS, I'M COMING TO IT. I'M PERSEVERANT. NOTHING'S GOING TO turn me away. I hope that you can look at your life's journey and realize this is exactly what's happening in your life. The reason why you're here today is because your heart, even if you didn't know it and were conscious of it, YOUR HEART WAS NEVER GOING TO LET go of faith. NEVER LET GO OF THE PROMISE. I'M STILL HERE TODAY DESPITE EVERYTHING THAT'S TRANSPIRED. IS BECAUSE I'M TIED TO SOMETHING BEYOND MYSELF, BEYOND THE THE POLITICS, BEYOND THE CHURCH, BEYOND THE PERSONALITIES. I'M TIED TO CHRIST. &gt;&gt; AND MY JOURNEY in life HAS BROUGHT ME TO THIS POINT TODAY. AND I'M NOT GIVING UP. &gt;&gt; I've set my faith on it. I mean, even if I can't see it, even if everything seems lost, I count everything a loss that I may gain one thing, and that's Christ. &gt;&gt; Set your mind to it. Have this Christian mindset. I'm determined to hold out to the end. I feel this pull of the hour and I'm steadfast. I'm determined. I'm going to make it. Let's stand this morning. God, help us to be perseverant. Let's bow our heads in prayer. Lord Jesus, just help us. If you need prayer today, just open your hearts up to him. Our gracious heavenly father, Lord, these words we share in together today as we read scripture together, as it's preached uh by one voice to a group of people that listen together. It's a communal experience. We've sang songs, we unified around uh worship, and then we all listen and hearing the same thing. There's a there's a way that our spirits begin to become aligned. And we can look at this in the sense that, oh, this is what Arizona believers church was hearing today. And this is what our pastor was preaching. Lord, I hope that in this moment everyone here can get away from the the external group dynamics of it and think very personally that you have a desire towards every individual heart here today. And our journeys and paths are different and even where you will call us is going to be different. But if we have a Christian mindset that we can be in harmony with one another, perfectly joined together. Not because we all go to the same church and not because we all accept the same interpretation of different doctrines, but because there's a driving force and a driving factor inside of our hearts. And it's a word that's been made alive by revelation. that having received the revelation of Jesus Christ personally to us, we can say amen to the word when it's preached. That where things may vary in our understanding and our differences, we're still striving to keep the unity of the spirit and the bond of peace. That as the word is preached in love, we're coming into the unity of the faith and the measure of the fullness of Christ. May it be more individual and personal today than it's ever been. That this is not a group experience. That's what the transition, Lord, through the cross and into grace declares. It's not by national identity as Israelites of the natural circumcision, but it's the individuals who of a circumcised heart have met you individually. Lord, more than ever before, we need births. We need genuine relationships established between you and men and women and young people. That that would feed hearts and sustain experiences. That that would be which unites us together. Lord, that's what would keep even a local body together. That's why it would grow. That's why young people would come to know you in a personal way and their testimonies would flourish and blossom before our eyes is because they're meeting you face to face. Not because we've been able to provide for every social need and every natural uh desire through system, but that our bond transcends the cloud by day and the fire by night. Transcends the mana. transcends the water. It's something spiritual. Bless us, Lord. Let us take these things personal. What's this mindset you want me to have? And the more that I submit myself to that mindset, the more I believe that I'll feel for my brothers and sisters, the more that I'll become more obedient to the commandments that you've given us, better able I'll be to respond to the needs that come up in my own life and in my family. Bless the visitors that are amongst us today, Lord. in some ways maybe peeking into a very personal service for our church. But Father, I believe it will help us to be better citizens together because we are saints of a greater greater initiative and a greater calling than to start a church in a locality. And Lord, we serve the visitors here today. We Lord, we serve them as a church. So I thank you, Lord, that they could be here today with us. May they leave refreshed and and encouraged. We love you. We thank you so much for being here with us today. Lord, draw closer to us even in the worship as we open up our hearts further to you. In the name of Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Hey man.
