################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-18 - Bro. Isaac Hatfield It is Recognizing Time - Isaac Hatfield.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-18
Title:    Bro. Isaac Hatfield: It is Recognizing Time
Speaker:  Isaac Hatfield
Church:   Arizona Believers Church
Type:     Youth Service
Duration: 1h 10m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3A-y3eCirHo
========================================

Description:
Bro. Isaac Hatfield
It is Recognizing Time
Sunday Evening Youth Service: January 18, 2026
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Amen. We'll read just a couple places and then we'll let you be seated. Matthew 16, just something that's been on my heart here in the 13th verse says, "When Jesus came into the coast of Cesaria Philippi, he asked his disciples saying, whom do men say that I, the son of man, am?" And they said, "Some say that thou art John the Baptist, some Elias, and others Jeremiah or one of the prophets?" And he saith unto them, "But whom say ye that I am?" And Simon Peter answered and said, "Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God." And Jesus answered and said unto him, "Blessed art thou, Simon Barjonah, for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my father which is in heaven. And I say also unto thee that thou art Peter, and upon this rock I'll build my church, and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. And I will give unto thee the keys of the kingdom of heaven, and whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven. whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven. Then charged he his disciples that they should tell no man that he was Jesus the Christ. And one more place in 1 John 4. 1 John 4. We'll just read the first four verses. When you have it, say amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; 1 John 4 says, "Beloved, believe not every spirit, but try the spirits whether they are of God, because many false prophets are gone out into the world. Hereby know ye the spirit of God. Every spirit that confessth that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is of God. And every spirit that confesseth not that Jesus Christ is come in the flesh is not of God. And this is that spirit of Antichrist. Where have you have heard that it should come? And even now already it is in the world. And now we want to look at this. Ye are of God, little children, and have overcome them because greater is he that's in you than he that is in the world. And could we bow our heads for a word of prayer? If you have a need on your heart, why don't you just make it known unto the Lord tonight? I believe he sees the very depths of your heart. Heavenly Father, we want to come before you this evening, Lord. We want to recognize you in our midst, Father. That you are the same yesterday, today, and forever, Lord. That you are a mighty big God, Lord, that knows the hearts of these young people. Father, I Lord, I could stab in the dark and try to guess at what they're going through, Lord. But Father, how fruitless that would be, Father, when your word is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart, Father, when you know exactly what they're going through. You know the very thoughts that keep them up at night, Lord. You know the burdens that they carry, Father. And we ask, Lord, that you would come into our midst tonight. Take control of this service. Take control of our vessel, Father. I pray you just keep us in line with your word. That we would only speak what you would have us to say, Father. and may you just be glorified in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. I also want to say welcome my wife and little boy with me, Spencer. So if you hear a little baby or little he's not he's two now. So if you hear a little toddler screaming, it's probably him. Amen. So we want to speak tonight if that's okay for a few moments on it is recognizing time. or if uh if a little sub thought that might help is the power of recognition because that's what we want to do as we come into the service tonight is we're working for one purpose as brother Brandon would tell us in the message the presence of God on recognize he said we're working for one purpose and that is to recognize the presence of Jesus Christ because if he is present then everything is settled and and I know the Bible says that wherever two or three are gathered in his name there I'll be in the midst of them and so I believe that he is here tonight by his word. We can identify that he is in our midst. Amen. Because we've come, we've gathered in his name. Amen. There's a lot of things that you could be doing tonight besides coming to church. Amen. [snorts] But you've come and I believe that you've come because Amen. you want more of God. You've come to receive something from the Lord. I I don't believe that you're just here to fill a pew, but I believe that that each one of us wants to come higher in our walk with the Lord. Each one of us wants to grow in the Lord. And so we want to recognize his presence and say, "Lord, if you are here, everything is settled. Lord, I want to get something from you tonight." Amen. And I believe that there's power in recognition. And there's three things that we want to recognize. And I believe that all three are taking place in this service tonight. And we want to recognize God. We want to recognize our enemy, the devil. And we want to recognize ourselves because that's what it would say in 1 John 4. We find all three categories. It said, "Ye are of God, little children, and have overcome them." Amen. That's the devil. Because greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. Amen. Your enemy. And so, we want to recognize, Amen, tonight. Amen. The things that are taking place. And recognize would be to identify someone or something maybe from a previous encounter or to acknowledge something's existence validity or legality or to perceive clearly or to realize. So we find that recognizing has no impact on identity. Recognizing is not making something become something. It's not it's not changing what something is. Recognizing is purely [snorts] seeing what something already is. It's just ex just your eyes are becoming open to what something already is as you recognize it. Is that right? So as you're driving down the road and you see maybe you see a light down the street and you're wondering what is that? And and you're confused because you don't know what it is. And as you get closer, you start to see you say maybe it's a car or maybe it's a a train or you you don't know what it is. And as you get closer, you see what it is and maybe it's a a man walking down the road with a flashlight or something and you say, "Wow, now I know what it is." And and I'm no longer confused. Because when you recognize, confusion leaves. That's why it's so important that we recognize because Satan would like to keep you in confusion. Because if you don't recognize who you are, Amen. Then it gives room for confusion to come in. And the minute that Satan can try to make you think that you're not a son or daughter of God, then immediately confusion comes in. And you say, "Why am I going through this? If I had the Holy Ghost, why would I be battling this? If I was a son or daughter, why would I be dealing with these temptations and these things?" But but we know that temptation isn't sin. Is that right? Temptation is not sin. And so you may be tempted and you may be tried and you can still be a son or daughter of God. But if Satan would try to make you think that you're not, then you'll be confused. Every time you have a battle, every time you have a hard day, you'll be confused about why you're going through this. But if you know who you are, then the confusion leaves and you know that it's just a test. It's just a trial that you're going through. Amen. So, we must recognize and we must recognize the God that's in our midst because you know the disciples one day were out rowing on a boat and there was a spirit walking to them along the water and when they didn't recognize who it was they said it's a spirit and they were very afraid but when they recognized that it was Jesus and he said it is I be not afraid then the confusion left and faith came into their heart to know that that was the one moving in their midst. Amen. And sometimes when the spirit of God is moving through the church, it can be a fearful thing. Amen. Maybe especially to a little child. But when you recognize that, that's nothing to be scared of. That's Jesus. And he's come to calm the storms. He's come to minister to the needs of your heart and it takes the fear away. It takes the confusion away. Because the reason that there's confusion, Brother Brandon would say, is that it's not that Jesus isn't here, but it's that the churches and the people are trying to keep him outside of [snorts] the door. And so they're left in darkness, in confusion. And so if you're in confusion tonight, we just want to say, "Lord, I'm here to open every door tonight. Lord, I'm here to let you in and take the confusion away because I don't want to be confused any longer." Amen. Because there's confusion because it's a dark and dismal day. And it's in the darkness when you have trouble seeing what things are. It's in the darkness. If you're awake at night and you see a coat hanging on the chair, that coat could be a hundred different things in the middle of the night. Is that right? And all of a sudden you're you're afraid and you're scared. But when the light comes on, amen, it takes the fear away and it takes the confusion away. Amen. And it lets you know, amen, who you are, amen, and what you're dealing with. Amen. Because brother Brandham said that it would be a day when people would be hungering and thirsting. there would be a famine in the land for the hearing of the word of God. And and I just want to say for a moment how blessed you are, young people, to have this message preached to you every week. Amen. Service after service to have 1,200 tapes that you can turn on and hear the truth because the world doesn't have that. And that's why they're in confusion. Amen. You are not in the confusion that the majority of the world is because of the message that we have been given in this day that has rolled the clouds away and brought clarity to who we are, why we're here, what's taking place in this hour. Amen. Because of the message of the hour, we are a blessed people tonight. Amen. But brother Brandon would say that you got to have something to base faith on. And you can't base faith upon confusion. You see why how important it is that we must get the confusion out of our minds because you can't base faith on confusion. And I'm sure that you can identify with that because as a young person growing up, I can identify with that. That when confusion is there about who you are or if you are a son of God, if God even hears your prayers, then you no longer have access to that faith. But when that confusion can lead, then faith can have a place to stand on. And you say, "No, I am a son of God." And the Bible says that I can enter boldly into the throne room of God and ask and receive the petitions that I ask for because I'm a son of God. Amen, brother Will. We can pray a prayer and know that I'm not praying to some man. I'm not praying to some stranger. I'm praying to my father. And my father is not a is not a father that if you would ask for a fish that he would give you a stone or if you would ask for bread that he would give you a stone. But we serve a father who knows the desires of your heart. And if you're hungry for the Holy Ghost, if you're hungry for joy, if you're hungry for peace, he's not going to say, "No, no, I'm going to give you heartaches and trouble instead." He wants to give you the desires of your heart. And if he does give you heartaches and trouble, it's for your good. Amen. And it's for your glory because he's a loving father. Amen. And there's no father like the heavenly father. Amen. Because he knows what you're going through. He knows the battles you face when you go to school. He knows the temptations because he condescended and took on flesh and was tempted in every manner like as we are. That's why this song can say that he's the sympathizing Jesus because he can be touched by the feelings of your infirmities because of the things he went through. Amen. I Amen. I'll be careful here because this is just fresh. But he actually faced temptation maybe that young boy's face and young girls face. He had to face those things as a man in the flesh. And you think nobody knows what I'm going through. The pastor don't know what I'm going through. But Jesus knows what you're going through because he took on flesh and he went through exact same thing. And he overcame it. And he didn't overcome it by some great supernatural calling lightning over out of heaven. that he overcame it by the word to show that the weakest Christian Amen. You say, "I'm the weakest Christian, brother Isaac." Well, praise God. He did it to show that the weakest Christian can overcome the devil. Amen. By the word of God, that you can stand toe-to-toe with the devil and overcome them by it is written. I I think it was Brother Wayne that said, you know, sometimes it may be a great big devil. You may not be able to see eye to eye with that devil, but you can stand toe-to-toe with every devil because no matter how small you think you are, you are on the same grounds and you can defeat him on the grounds of thus sayeth the Lord, it is written, I am a son of God. Amen. Healing is mine, joy is mine. Amen. But Satan will attack your identity because he doesn't want you to recognize who you are. That's why brother Brandon would say, you know, maybe brother Aaron says, if you if you desire to be saved, raise your hand. Amen. And when you raise your hand, Amen. According to that promise, there is something supernatural taking place. If you actually meant that from your heart and you are accepting God as your savior, something is taking place in that moment that is very supernatural. If you really mean that from your heart, but that's where Satan will come in and say, "Oh, there was nothing to that. There was nothing to raising your hand. There was nothing to coming to that altar. There was nothing to going through that prayer line. You went to that youth camp and and you had a real experience, but there was nothing to that. Amen. But that's a lie from the devil to try to get you to think, Amen, that the experiences that you're having are not real experiences. Amen. But the word of God is nothing but the truth. Amen. And if you're responding to the word of God from an honest heart, God is there to meet you. And the things that you are experiencing are true experiences. And that's where you drive down a steak and say, "Satan, no. I know who you are. You're a liar. You're a thief. You've come to steal, kill, and destroy. So why would I believe your voice when the heavenly father said that I am saved? Amen. That if I repent and be baptized, I shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Amen. That amen. That I've already passed from death onto life because I believed on the Lord Jesus Christ and received, Amen, the confirmation of his spirit in my life. Amen. He's a lying devil trying to get you, Amen, to to think that you're that you're not having a real encounter. Amen. But that's all he is is a liar and the father of lies. Amen. But Satan don't want you to recognize because when Peter recognized who Christ was and who he was, the Lord would speak back. Amen. That upon this rock I'll build my church. And that wasn't upon Peter. And that wasn't upon any man. But that was upon the rock of revelation. Is that right? And he said, "Upon the rock of revelation, I'll build my church, and the gates of hell will not prevail against that rock of revelation." That's why Satan don't want you to recognize who you are. Because if you ever recognize who you are and who Christ is, then brother, Satan is in trouble. Amen. The youngest one in this building could get a revelation of who he is and it'll run, Amen, the devil right out the door because he cannot overcome that rock of revelation. [snorts] Amen. You could be talked into it and talked out of it. But brother, if revelation ever strikes your heart, the gates of hell cannot prevail against that revelation. [snorts] Satan hates revelation. Brother Bram said he hates the two books and that's Genesis and Revelations because it reveals his ways. He said we find his origin. We find his awful ways and we find his destruction. And the devil cannot change the word and the devil cannot prove it wrong. So what he wants to do is destroy your confidence in the word. He wants to destroy your faith in this word because he can't make the word less powerful, but he can attack your faith in the power of the word. And that's what he's after tonight. But brother Brandon said, "When the church disbelieves Satan and believes the spirit's revelation of the word, the gates of hell cannot prevail against her." Oh my. Satan hates revelation. Brother Brandham said, "Because it upsets his plans." You see, Satan would have a plan for you sisters, and he would have a plan for you brothers to take you out into the world and to do all kinds of things to you. But, amen, Satan's plans are upset when God's revelation comes into your heart. Amen. I'm sure there's a lot of you that are here tonight that Satan had plans for you. Amen. [snorts] But there's something anchored inside your heart that has upset the plans of the devil. Amen. because you've received more than just a good sermon from brother Aaron. But the revelation that's come off those tapes that he's been studying has found its way into the depths of your heart. And it's more than just mama said so. It's more than just daddy said so. It's more than just grandma or grandpa said so. But when revelation finds its way into your heart, then it's a personal experience where you can drive down a steak and say, "Satan, you can no longer kick me around like a football. Amen. I have been established in the revelation and you cannot overcome me. Amen. Like the you all know the quote I'm sure as young people that Amen. when when she when when she recognizes who she is and the true church and these things that she will be an invincible army when she can discern amen those two spirits working within the church. You will become an invincible army because Satan hates revelation. Because brother Bram said he hates to be exposed. He hates to be exposed. And brother Brandham said you can be in a meeting and watch as that discernment would take place. He said you look at the face of someone when the enemy is about to be exposed. He said their countenance would change because the word is exposing the enemy. And I believe that it's time that we can expose the devil tonight. Amen. Because it's time amen that the word begins to expose. Amen. It's through the preaching of the word. Amen. That it begins to expose. Amen. As you're listening to those tapes, Amen. There's not that's not just Amen. filling time. Amen. As you're listening, it's exposing spirits. It's exposing the fear in your life as a liar. It's exposing the pressures that you're going through. Amen. A as the enemy and not as your identity. Amen. But it's exposing the enemy. Amen. It's exposing his voice in your mind. Someone asked brother Brandon, "Brother Brandon, please explain explain how a person knows if he is thinking his own thoughts or if the devil is placing thoughts in his mind to make him think wrong. Especially if you do not if you do not want to thank them." Amen. Are we all angels in here or does that speak to anybody? Amen. Have you ever been there? Is it just me and Brother Steve? Amen. But he says, "If it's contrary to the word, it's the devil's thinking. And if it's with the word, it's God's thinking. If it's the wrong thoughts, it's the devil. If it's good thoughts of the word and God, it's God's thinking. And then they asked how to overcome that. And he said, "Take the vice versa from it." If the devil makes you think, if you know you're a Christian and he tries to make you think you're not one, take the vice versa and say, "I am a Christian." [laughter] As long as your experience matches God's word, say, "I'm a Christian." Anything else the same way. Amen. The word begins to expose the devil in your mind. and you say, "I had a bad thought, Brother Isaac." Well, if it's contrary to the word, it wasn't your thought. It was the devil's thought because your mind is a battleground. And he'll try to put all kinds of thoughts in your mind. Amen. But if it's contrary to the word, you just take the opposite and say, "No, I'm a Christian. No, I'm saved. No, I'm born again. No, I'm going in a rapture." And you just start taking the opposite and you start exposing the devil for who he is. He's a liar. [laughter] Amen. Because you might be worried that the devil's going to expose you tonight. You say, "One of these days, Brother Isaac, I'm going to be exposed for who I really am. I'm going to be exposed for a failure. I'm going to be exposed. I'm never going to make it. I'm going to be exposed as just a as just a lukewarm religious Christian and Satan's going to expose me because because I I surely I'm just a hypocrite. Surely I'm just a Judas. Uh surely I'm just this and that." But but as a word goes forth, it begins to expose the enemy. I mean, as the enemy is exposed, it exposes you for who you really are. [laughter] You see, brother Brandon was in a meeting one time. I'm sure you all know it. And there was two I mean, FBI agents, they said, that were going to come and expose brother Brandham for a liar and a all kinds of false prophets and things. And those two FBI agents came into the meeting. And brother Brandham was waiting on him said, "Go ahead and expose me. If I can be exposed, then bring the word and expose me. I want to be exposed. Amen. But as those as he waited, they wouldn't come. And then he began to say, "It's not two FBI agents. It's two backsliden preachers." Amen. And a And you see how the enemy was threatening to expose and threatening to expose. Amen. But the the spirit of the Lord came on the scene and instead of exposing brother Brandham as false, it exposed those two preachers as an under a bad spirit. And it exposed Brother Brandham as a true prophet of God. Amen. And that's what Satan's trying to threaten you. I'm going to expose you. I'm going to expose you. I'm going to expose you as false. I'm going to expose you as a Judas. And Amen. But as a word comes forth that says, "No, that is a lying spirit." And it's just in your mind trying to attack you. And the word begins to expose you as a son and daughter of God. Amen. That's hungering and thirsting after a living God. Amen. Satan is trying to expose you, but his plan is going to backfire because the more he pushes you and the more he presses you, he begins to press you into a closer walk with God, he begins to press you into the revelation of who you really are and then it'll backfire on him because then he won't be able to bother you anymore because you'll know where you stand. The word of God is a discerner and exposes Satan. Because Jacob, the Bible says, you might have thought Jacob was a shyer. Jacob was a deceiver, but the word of God exposed him and said, "Jacob have I loved and Esau have I hated." You say, "I'm a doubter, brother Isaac." But the word could expose that Thomas might have had times in his life where he doubted, but he went to that upper room and his name was on the Lamb's book of life and he was a son of God. Amen. That's why we preach the word. That's why we study the word. That's why we amen pray not just for Amen just for empty reading but we say Lord we pray for brother Bram said how important revelation is. We should pray for it more than anything. Is that right? Because when that revelation comes [laughter] it exposes the enemy and the new birth is a revelation of Jesus Christ personally to you. Amen. We need revelation in our lives. This message has called come to call us out of darkness and confusion. And [snorts] this is where we get our title. It is recognizing time. But brother Brandham preached a message recognizing your day and its message. Now, now, now just stay with me because these things [snorts] aren't so deep as we might think they are times. But he preached this message recognizing your day and its message. And he's talking about how Hosea prophesied that that and I'll just read it for you in Hosea 6:2. says, "After two days will he'll he revive us and in the third day he will raise us up and we shall live in his sight." Now, Brother Brandham picks that up and he's preaching about it'll be after three days that Israel will be gathered to recognize their Messiah. Now, now, Brother Brandham's preaching this 2,700 [clears throat] years after Hosea had prophesied that. And he's saying this is the third day and this is why Israel is gathering. They're gathering because they're going to recognize their Messiah one of these days very soon. And brother Bonham begins to bring it out and say, "Now, why are all these nations waking up?" And he's saying, "Why is science waking up?" He said, "Before they used to think that you could only go at the speed of 30 m an hour. Now you can travel like 17,000 m an hour." And they went from the horse and buggy to the car to the airplane to the astronaut. And he's saying, "Why are all these things taking place?" He's saying [snorts] it couldn't happen till now. He's saying this is the time of recognition. That's why everybody's beginning to recognize. But I want you to catch something out of that that that that the season is coming one of these days where Israel will recognize their Messiah. That'll be after we're gone to glory. And so that's their season. So if their season is coming, Brother Elliot, then this must be our season. This must be our time to recognize. This must be our time to awaken. Brother Brandon would preach and preach and preach and he say there's also an awakening of the bride. Amen. The message that Brother Brandon preached has awoken a bride. That's why I can declare unto you tonight. It is recognizing time. I'm not just saying that as a loose term. I'm saying that by the message of the hour. This is our season. This is our time to recognize who we are. This is our time to recognize that we are not just living in a day gone by. We are living in the season where all things are possible. We are living in the season where the word has become open. The seven se Amen mean friends. It's not it's not a scary seven seals. Sir Paul, I'm sure you're you're I believe you're a very well taught church. Those aren't scary things. Amen. That's for you young people. That's for Amen. From the oldest to the youngest, that's for you. Amen. That's for all of us. Amen. It's God has poured out himself into this age. Amen. that the young people could have an experience with the living God that amen prophets years hundreds and thousands of years ago longed to have the type of experience that we are having in this day. Amen. It is recognizing time recognizing a season that all things are possible to us in this hour. Amen. That's why we don't want to fall under the fault of looking back to some Amen to just our parents. Amen. Okay. They they used to have such wonderful meetings. They used to have such wonderful camps. And maybe they did, but we're in another day. &gt;&gt; Amen. And when Jesus was on the scene, the Pharisees would look back to Moses day and say, "Oh, amen. Moses said this and Moses said that." And Jesus would say, "If you would have believed Moses, you would believe me. You would have recognized me." Amen. But the church is always looking back. back. And brother Brand said how you can't look through a rearview mirror or you're going to wreck up. That's why Satan's tactic would try to keep you looking back, always looking back to the mistake you made yesterday. Always looking back to last week. Looking back to the last youth camp, saying we had wonderful time at youth camp. Amen. But he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. And we're thankful for the times behind us, and we're looking forward to the times ahead of us if God should terry. But he's saying right now, amen, now we are sons of God. Now I am ever present in the service tonight on a Sunday night in the middle of January. The same God, Amen, that met your parents and your grandparents is here tonight saying, "If you'll just recognize it, I'm here tonight and I can meet you the same way as I met them." Amen. It's revival time. Amen. The bride is in revival because the word has come into our age. Amen. It's not Amen. I know the church sometimes goes through highs and lows and amen. That's just part of the way of life. Amen. But you can be in revival. Amen. Even on a Sunday night, amen. Amen. It may not seem like a significant service, but if you're hungry for God, he is here to meet the hungers of your heart and say, "Let him that is hungry come. Let him that thirst come and drink from this well." Amen. He is an inexhaustible fountain that is open tonight for the hungry heart. It said, "If you hunger and thirst after righteousness, you shall be filled." You say, "Uh, but I make too many mistakes, brother Isaac. I failed too many times." Brother Brandham had an interview with a sister named Sister Bruce one time who was doubting whether or not she had a real experience because she made so many mistakes. And brother Brandham said, "But sister, that's why Jesus Christ had to die. that even in your mistakes, Amen, there's a blood that you can put your mistakes under and you don't have to look back any longer to the mistake you made last week. Say, "Brother Isaac, I I looked at something I shouldn't have looked at. I did something I shouldn't have done." Amen. There's a blood tonight. Amen. That you can put your mistakes under and say, "Lord Jesus, I'm going to put it behind me. I'm going to stop looking back. Lord, I need a touch from you tonight. I need a new experience tonight. Lord, I need a fresh baptism tonight. Lord, I I've got to get to that Holy Spirit tonight or I'm going to perish. Lord, I need you. Amen. We're not looking back, but we're moving forward in the promises of God. And maybe maybe maybe even in your heart. Amen. Sometimes uh Amen. If that's okay, we'll we'll just say sometimes you can come to the place where you feel like you need to be rebaptized. Now, according to the scripture, if you've been baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, then scripturally, I don't believe that you need to be baptized, rebaptized if you've already been baptized. But brother Brandon would say, if anything's in your way, then you should deal with it that you could move forward. Amen. And we wouldn't have to do it maybe scripturally, but brother Brandon would say the pools are open. If it's laying in your way, then we need to get it out of the way that we can move forward in the promises of God. Amen. If there's something we need to make right with our neighbor, something we need to make right with our brother, we just quickly make it right. That way, we can move forward in the promises of God because we're not here to look behind us. We're here to move forward. Amen. We want to we want to see the young people progress. Amen. And you're going to make mistakes. You're going to fall down. Amen. But that's why we need grace. That's why we pre preach second chances and third chances and fifth chances because we're human and we all need the blood or we're helpless. Amen. But that's when you just get back up and keep moving. This is your season to be blessed, young people. This is your season. If you're hungry for a move of God, I'm here to tell you that God still moves. I mean, it was in a youth service just like this on a Sunday night about five years ago in January. I don't know if I thought about that, but it's probably almost uh almost the exact same day, maybe just a week off or something. A brother was preaching and this was over the course of about two or three weeks now. Uh a brother was preaching a youth service and I believe a couple young people received the Holy Ghost in that youth service. And me and another minister, I was just I wasn't really preaching much at that time. I was just about to start. We stayed till about 5 in the morning praying. Amen. I was desperate. I was seeking after something from the Lord. I was so hungry. And over the course of about two or three weeks, I think it was like eight young people received the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Amen. God just began to pour out a blessing upon our assembly. Amen. As we begin to hunger and I was so desperate, Amen. But God, amen, just be to lead and guide and he be to bring me out of that out of that out of that condition and begin to lead me into higher places with him. But God will meet a desperate [laughter] heart. God will meet a hungry heart even tonight. Amen. Amen. We're not living there. Amen. That was a wonderful experience. But he's the same God tonight. Amen. If you're hungry, he's the same God tonight. The Bible says that when I was a child, I spake as a child and I understood as a child. I thought as a child, but when I became a man, I put away childish things. But now we see through a glass darkly. But then face to face. Now I know in part, but then shall I know even as also I am known. I'm sure there's a a lot of ways you can take that, but but I'll take it with my son. When he was born, we named him Spencer Warren Hatfield. And his name has always been Spencer Warren Hatfield, brother Will. He's that's just his name. That's on his birth certificate. And when when and when he was young, he might not have known who he was. There was a period in his life where maybe he couldn't tell us who he was. If we told him he was something else, then he could believe that. But as he begin to get older, as he begin to understand, as he begin to speak, then he would begin to know that his name was Spencer Warren Hatfield. And I mean, if he's not too shy, he'll tell it to you tonight. What's your name? Spencer Warren Hatfield. And we could say, "Are you a dinosaur?" He said, "No." "Are you a chicken?" "No." "I mean, are are you a cow?" "No, I'm Spencer Warren Hatfield." I mean, because when he was a baby, he he couldn't understand that. But as he beed to grow, as he be to sit under the tutorship of his mother and father, amen, now when the enemy could try to come in and say, "This is what you are." He said, "No, that's not what I am. I'm Spencer Warren Hatfield." And as you begin to sit under this message, young people, as you begin to feed on the word of God, and when you begin to recognize who you are, and when you recognize who you are, then you recognize who you aren't. You say, "I am not defeated. I mean, I am not a devil. I am not a foolish virgin. I am not a hypocrite. I am, amen, a son and daughter of God. I am the bride of Jesus Christ. Because we are coming, amen, into the age of identification and recognition where the message, amen, is telling us who we are. It's telling you, Amen, who you are as a young people saying, you are not a defeated people. You are an invincible army. If you can just recognize who you are. And I I'm a witness tonight that the message still speaks, young people. I mean, when you turn on a tape, there is so much power in listening to these messages that it is not a history voice. I mean, I I can tell you back in probably about 2020, about the same time, I was going through a real hard time and just fighting through that, trying to break through that that sound barrier, trying to break into that elbow room as a son of God. And I was battling with fear and pressure. And I just begin to put on a tape. And brother Brandham gets to preaching away. And he begins to preach in a way. And then he says, and I I'll read it for you. He says, he says,"Now remember by faith, drive down the post right now, right here where you're sitting this day, Sunday the 10th, or I believe it is the 13th, this 13th day of January." I thought, "There's no way in this world, Brother Steve." I looked at my phone. It's the 13th of January. And I began my my interest is perked now. And he says, "In this little church of God, at this certain seat, I'm praying the prayer of faith with the minister, with the evangelist, with the congregation, one praying for the other. This is the day of my healing right now. I'm settling it right here, Lord. I'm your eagle. I'm in the refuge zone." Amen. That was I believe that was for me right there. I have a right to any redemptive blessing that he purchased for me. Here I am right now. Amen. And that drove down a stake in my life from a message that was preached maybe 60 or 70 years ago. Amen. There was another time where I was battling. I had had an experience. I had received the Holy Ghost. But Satan was trying to tell me I didn't have it. And I would pray, "Lord, honestly, if I don't have it, would you give it to me? And if I do have it, would you help me to know that I have it?" And I just got to listening. And I got to listening to a message one Wednesday afternoon. And brother Brandon begins to tell a story about a man who had got a track out of a trash can. And he began to read it. Where will you go when you're saved? And as he began to read it, it began to stir his heart. And he began to walk away from there. And from then on, he was so hungry. He said, "I went to Billy Graham's meeting and they told me, you know, if you speak in tongues, you got it." And he said, "I spoke in tongues." And I just don't have it, Brother Brandham. He said, "I went to this meeting and they said, 'If you do this." And he said, 'I did that and I just don't have it, Brother Brandham. what should I do? And brother Brandham said, "Well, let's look at your life." He said, "Here you were going one way and when you pulled that track out, something happened in your heart and since then you've been going another way." He said, "That was your conversion, brother. That was your conversion. That's where you got it." And he said, "Brother Brandham, you mean I've had it all along?" He said, "Yes, brother. You've had it all along." Amen. And that spoke something to my heart. Amen. But I was just battling, Lord, is that for me? Is that really an answer for me? And I went to church the next night and a brother got up to preach and about 3/4 of the way through he begins to tell that exact same story and he says, "Maybe you don't even know if you have the Holy Ghost tonight, but the word settled it. You've had it all along." And brother, the tears started flowing. I said, "Thank you, Lord. I mean, you still speak." And then a couple days later, a sister who wasn't at church that night, who had been listening to some tapes throughout the night, sent me that exact same story from a different message of that exact same account. And she sent it to me. The only quote she sent to me from those sermons. And it was the same story saying, "The words titled it, you've had it all along." Amen. Out of the mouth of two or three witnesses, I believe the Lord was giving me an answer. And amen, [snorts] that may not be the answer for you. I don't know where you're at tonight, but I'm just letting you know that God still speaks through this message. He still speaks through your pastor. He still speaks through the five-fold ministry. Amen. You can open your Bible and he can answer the very question of your heart because he is the dissolver of doubts and he's here to roll the confusion away. The Holy Ghost today is the dissolver of doubts. And if you're doubting tonight whether or not you have the Holy Ghost, I'm here to tell you that the same God that settled it for me can settle it for you and give you the assurance that you don't have to worry anymore what your future holds. But you can say, "I know who I am. I know I'm going in the rapture. I know I'm going to heaven. I know that I'm saved. I know that I've had an experience in my life." Amen. Because this message identifies. If you want to know what a Christian is supposed to look like, search the message. If you want to know what the prophet for this age is supposed to look like, Brother Elliot, we know what he's supposed to look like. He'll be like Elijah. He'll be a man of the wilderness and all kinds of things because this message identifies all of these things. You know, you could you can study I'm sure I'm sure you all listen to tapes or hear the pastor preach and you hear those prayer lines one after another and after another. We could compile those and write a book about what a nervous spirit is like, what a depression spirit is like, what all kinds of spirits are like because brother Brandham encountered them night after night after night and identified to us what these spirits are and what they do in the lives of people. We can identify them because amen, we've had a message come and it gives us the ability to recognize the devil. You could say, "I'm going through I'm going through something, Brother Isaac." And then you begin to you begin to hear about someone else was going through the same thing. And this is what happened. This is what was this is this is what it was. It was nervousness. It was it was depression. It was something like that. Because this is the season where the devil's roaming to and fro. This is the season and as we brother Ram said the devil has recognized it's time that he can wreck woman, wreck the church, wreck the people. He's recognized it. So, we see the devil has recognized that it's a season where he can try to work in your minds. He can try to work in your hearts. But I'll say this, he only has a season. He's only got a time to work. His time is limited. He's got a I mean, his future's going to come to an end quickly. That's why he's fighting so hard right now. But, but even though it's his season, God has equipped us with the ability to recognize and overcome the devil in this age. Because that's what brother Brandham said overcoming is. is he said it means to recognize the devil in every one of his tricks. A lot of people say there is no devil. It's just a thought. Don't you believe that there's a real devil. He's just as real as you or anybody a real devil. And you must recognize him real. All right. There's one thing you must recognize. You must know he's a devil. Then at the same time, you must recognize him. Know that he's a devil and he's against you. Then to overcome, you must recognize that the God in you is greater and mightier than he. that the one that's in you has already overcome him and by his grace you are more than a match for him that's real overcoming when you recognize Amen. You must recognize that he's real. How many believes the devil is real tonight? Amen. Hey me and this brother do I mean he's a real devil just like Jesus Christ is a real person. &gt;&gt; He said some people say it's he's just a thought. He said no he's a real person and so is the devil real. He's a real just like sicknesses sometimes we call them cancer or this or that. He said it's spirits. It's it's the devil at work but he's a real devil and you must recognize that he is against you. &gt;&gt; And brother Brandon would actually say if he isn't after you that means he's got you. So if he's fighting you tonight that means he hasn't got you yet. And he said just keep moving on. He hasn't got you yet. So if the devil's fighting you tonight, you ought to let out a shout and say, "Glory to God." And he doesn't have me. And if I just keep moving forward, he won't be able to get me. But I know that he's against me. Say, "Why am I thinking these thoughts, Brother Isaac? Because the devil's against you. Why am I battling these things? Because the devil's against you. Why am I going through this? Because the devil's against you." And Brother Brandham said, "He has a right to that punch. Maybe what you battle is different than what I battle, but he has a right to that punch in your life." life. Brother Brand said, "That's why you got to guard that spot because Satan will try to hit you with that punch." Amen. And we shouldn't try to live at peace with our enemy because he's our enemy. Amen. If you're battling something tonight, Amen. That's not the time to camp down and say, "I guess I'll just I guess I'll just live this way the rest of my life." No, that that won't work. That won't work. You'll never amen have a happy life if you try to amen settle down and live with the devil. Amen. But you must recognize that he's against you and that he's your adversary. And you must recognize his tricks. What's some of his tricks? One of them is that after a great experience that you have with the Lord, maybe on a special meetings or Sunday morning, Satan will always try to come behind that experience and try to make you to doubt that experience. Amen. And that's where you must recognize that it's a trick of the devil. And don't listen to that voice. Amen. He'll try to trick you. Brother Brandham said that he one of the devil's tricks today is to break faith from the young generation and such nonsense as that talking about Darwin and all this stuff theories and science. He's trying to break faith away from our young people. Amen. And we must recognize that it's the devil. He'll try to break your faith away from this message as being the truth. Amen. But you must discern that it is a lying spirit. Amen. You say, "Oh, you just got your head stuck in the sand." Amen. you guys aren't listening to the truth or this and it's a devil and he'll take you amen into a very very bad place. Amen. But by the grace of God, we've been given the spirit to discern that that is an enemy. Amen. That we might overcome them. But here's what we want to look at tonight. He says, "And they were very downcast and it's so easily to become especially when you are oppressed." That's what the devil likes to work on you and oppress you. You know, that's a trick of the devil to oppress. But when the Christian knows his legal rights, when you can quote God's word, I'll never leave thee nor forsake thee, that takes all the oppression away. And the clouds begin to clear back if you just know that God has promised and God is faithful. He can keep his promise or we would have never promised it. Oh my, I won't ask for a raise of hands, but Amen. I'm sure how many of you know what oppression feels like. You know what it feels like to be oppressed. You know what it feels like to have the devil haunting at your mind day in and day out. And then you wake up and for a few minutes you think, "My, I feel pretty good." And then immediately he comes in [clears throat] like a flood and tries to bring that heaviness back and tries to bring that weight back. And in the evening time, amen, you'll be pacing around the house with nervousness because the devil is trying to oppress you with fear or anxiety. Amen. Or depression. And he's trying to hold you back. Amen. Brother Brandon would say there's many people here tonight that really wants to come right here. But the oppression of the devil is trying to hold you back. I mean, I couldn't find the quote, but I believe it's a quote. I could try to find it later, but I believe Brother Brandon was saying, "I would have given my life to Jesus at a young age, but there was a spirit, a hanging trying to keep me from doing it." Amen. the spirit, amen, trying to hold you back and make you think, amen, that I can't go up and give my heart to the Lord. I can't do this. I can't do that. What will my family think of me? What will my friends think of me? Amen. I've tried that before where I've went to the altar many times. I've got prayed for many times. Amen. And it's just not working, Brother Isaac. Amen. But [snorts] it's an oppression. It's a lie of the enemy. It's a cloud that's hanging over you. But it's a liar. Amen. Because God's promises are true. And if you are hungering and thirsting after righteousness, you shall be filled. Amen. You might be one visit to the altar away from the breakthrough you've been looking for. You might be one service away. Amen. During the preaching of the word, the clouds will begin to roll back and you'll have the breakthrough you were looking for. If you just just keep pressing, young people, just keep fighting against that barrier. Eventually the clouds will have to give way because God is true to his word and it's a liar. Amen. And it's a devil. But to [snorts] overcome him, brother Brandon said, "The oppression of the enemy is strong, but thou art stronger, for it is written, greater is he that's in you than he that is in the world." Amen. Friends, there's something you must recognize about oppression. Brother Brand said, "There's a difference between oppression and possession. Possession means that the devil got has you. Possession means that he owns you. He's got you. You are his possession. Amen. But oppression, amen, is just something that hangs over you. But it cannot get you. It cannot possess you. Amen. Because God has already possessed your life from before the foundation of the world. Amen. That's what I want you to recognize tonight. You may be going through some of the darkest times of your life. Amen. But Satan cannot own you because God already put a seal upon you before the foundation of the world. If your name is on the lamb's book of life, he has sealed your womb out that the devil cannot get into your life. The devil could never possess you. Amen. Because you always were. If you're a son tonight, you always were a son and you'll always be a son. Amen. The devil cannot change what God has done in history before the foundation of the world. You say, "One of these days, Brother Isaac, he's going to get me. He's going to trap me." I say, "He could never do it because God has already claimed you for his work." Amen. And even if you don't recognize it yet, if your name is on that lance book of life, amen, you will come to an experience. [laughter] Amen. He will seal your womb because that's what the Holy Ghost is. When God recognizes your faith, he sends back the baptism of the Holy Ghost on your life. And that seal, one of the things Brother Brham said that seal means, it means ownership. And if you are owned by God by the baptism of the Holy Ghost, Amen. then the devil has no power to possess you again, he cannot get you, young people. Amen. I'm I I don't know if you even can believe me at this point if you're going through that. Amen. But may these words stick with you that you might understand it one day that Satan doesn't have enough, Amen. to destroy your life. Satan doesn't have enough power. Amen. He can make you think he does, but he's a liar. He doesn't have enough authority. He can't even touch a hair on your head without God's permission. He can't even He can't even give you a sickness. Let God, lest God would say, "I give you permission. I'll let him go through this trial that he might be tested and come out a better Christian." But you I mean I hope you can understand how much power God has in your life and how little power the Satan has over your life because he's elected you. You might be like that prodigal son and you may not recognize it but one of these days if you're his mean you will have to come to the recognition and wake up to who you are and realize that you are still the son of your father. You are still the son of God. We are under a different cloud. Oppression, brother Brandham said in demonology, oppression is like a cloud. But you know friends, Satan is only a perverter. He only perverts the true things of God. And so if Satan has a cloud over your life, then I believe there must be a true cloud over our life. And I don't I I I don't think it's too deep for you, but there was a picture taken of a cloud. Do you all know what the cloud picture is, right? And when that was our Lord, Brother Bam said, that's a picture of our Lord. He's our headship. He's He's He was His picture was taken in a cloud. And that is the cloud that is over your life. It's the word of God. It's the authority of the message. So, I mean, I I'll say it like this. It's like It's like your mama comes and tells you, "Hey, you have to be in bed by 11:00 tonight." And you say, "Yes, ma'am. You're my mother. I won't argue with you." That's what you all say, right? Yeah. First first time. Amen. I I I'm sure none of you have to wait. Amen. I'm sure none of you have to be told a second time to take the trash out because that's your mother. But now, if a stranger comes in the house and says, "Hey, you need to be in bed by 11." You say, "Who are you? You're not my mom. You're not my dad. You have to take the trash out. I'll take the trash out if I want to. You're not my authority." Amen. And Satan tries to put his clouds over your life and try to convince you that that is the truth and authority over your life. But all you do is say, "Satan, I'm under a different cloud. I'm under the authority of this word. And what this word says about me is the truth. And this word says that he which the son is made free is free indeed. This word says that the truth shall set you free." Amen. This word tells me, Amen, [snorts] that I am not under your oppression. I am not under your lies. I'm recognizing tonight that you are just a liar and that your cloud has no power over my identity. Amen. Friends, it's just a cloud. Amen. I'm not trying to belittle what you're going through, but I I want you to recognize that. Amen. It's just a cloud. It has no power over your identity. Amen. But when this message begins to shine upon your life, it rolls the clouds away and clouds of glory and power, clouds of joy and peace will begin to roll over your life. And you'll begin to realize I always was a son of God. Amen. As you begin to awaken, amen, to the reality, amen, that you are a son and daughter of God. That you are, Amen, a child of God. Amen. It It's the clouds of God. Amen. Brother Brandon would say, and I just want to take time to read it real quick because I believe it's powerful. He says that he's talking about John 5:24. For verily, verily, I say unto you, he that heareth my word and believeth on him that sent me hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation, but is passed from death unto life. And in a service, brother Brandham's saying, then the black cloud of death has sailed away from over 50 or 75 people. And here tonight, and the clouds of light that has come to them, let us pray. It's saying if you have fulfilled that scripture, the black clouds have begun to roll away from your life and clouds of light and glory have begun to roll back over you. Amen. Friends, that's what's taking place in the service tonight. When your pastor preaches, as the word goes forth, black clouds are leaving and clouds of light are coming into the building and settling over your life. Amen. Brother Brandham said there was a sister one time who had a dream that she was walking in white sands and there was darkness over her life. And she said, "Brother Brandon, I'm just so nervous since I had this dream. My whole family is nervous. I mean, what's going to happen?" And he would say, "Sister, it's just the devil trying to make you nervous. The white sands prove that you are walking in purity and righteousness. There's nothing wrong. It's just a nervous spirit." Amen. Because the blackness might be over you, but it doesn't identify who you are. You're walking in white sands. You're walking in purity and righteousness. It's just a devil trying to lie to you. You say, "Brother Isaac, the clouds of judgment are forming all around us. I'm scared of what the future's going to hold." But you, if you are a son or daughter of God, amen, those clouds are not over your life. But there's another promise. Amen. That we're going to go in a rapture. that we're going to escape before those clouds ever pour down their storms. Brother, we're under another cloud. You are not children of the darkness. You are children of the light. You are children of the promise. Ye are children of the promise. Amen. That God will take us away and [clears throat] give us an escape from every judgment that the devil will pour out upon this earth. Amen. I Amen. I I feel like Amen. This this evening I feel like brother Brandham said that there was a bird called a night and gale and and he would stand there in that early morning and the clouds of the night would be hanging over but at the first break in the clouds that night and gale would begin to scream out his song and it would let the whole amen earth know that could hear that voice amen that the sun is still shining that there's still light behind the clouds and and I'll volunteer to be that night and gale tonight and Say, I mean, you may not see it yet, but I see that the sun is shining through the clouds. I'm a witness. I say I've come through some clouds, and I'll probably come through some more clouds, but I'm here to tell you tonight, the sun is shining through the clouds. And brother Brandon said, "Faith sees the sun behind the clouds." You say, "I don't see it yet, Brother Isaac." Amen. But I'm here to tell you, a prophet has told us, your pastor can tell you. Amen. Just hold on. The sun is shining behind the clouds. Amen. Just hold on. and the the clouds will begin to break away and you'll realize, amen, that you are free to be a son and daughter of God. You are free to have joy. You are free to have peace. You are free to walk in his presence. You say, "Brother Isaac, you don't know about me. I've been this way my whole life. You don't know my story. This has been since I was a child." Well, Brother Brandham could pick it up in prayer lines and say, "When you were little, you were scared by a dog and it caused you to be nervous and you've been nervous your whole life." And you say, "I've been this way my whole life." No, it had a beginning. It had a beginning. If you may not know where it started, but it had a beginning. It is not who you are. It had a beginning and it can have an end because it's it's a spirit but it's only I mean it doesn't have more power than the God that we serve. Amen. And it can have an end. Amen. As the truth begins to come over your life and say all right this is what I'm dealing with but it's not who I am. And God greater is he that's in me than he that's in the world. Now that's oppression. But you say brother Isaac you don't know my life. You don't know what I've been through. I have been possessed. I have been possessed. How could I ever make a rapture? How could I ever be the bride? Satan, he's had so much control in my life. What about Mary Magdalene who had seven devils, but she met Jesus? And Jesus come and met her and she was full of seven devils. It was pride and envy and lust and all kinds of devils. But when she met a living God, he would speak unto her, "Be thou clean." And she was made clean by the voice of Jesus that would speak over her life. I don't care what you've gone through. I don't care how dark you are, but be thou clean. See, I feel so dirty tonight, Brother Isaac. I've done things I shouldn't have done. I've made so many mistakes. I can't even I can't even tell my pastor the things that I've done. It's too bad. Amen. But the voice of God can begin to speak over your life. Be thou clean. You don't have to feel dirty any longer. You don't have to feel like a wretch any longer. You don't have to feel like a sinner any longer. And when there is a man in the building who can still speak those words over your life, be thou clean. Oh my, look what happened to Mary Magdalene. She went from seven devils to being the very first person to witness Jesus Christ after he rose from the grave. And then she went to an upper room and received the Holy Ghost. Brother Brandon would tell us how she was up there in that room. Amen. So, she went from possessed to a witness of his resurrection to a Holy Ghost-filled daughter of God. And you say, "It's too dark, Brother Isaac. It's too hopeless." I say, "We serve a God who can take a hopeless situation and take you out the muck of your sin and place you in a place of authority and reveal to you that you were never the devil's. You never belong to the devil. You were always mine. And I'm here to make you clean." &gt;&gt; Oh my. Oh, I mean, that's that's a that's a lady. What about [laughter] an an example of a man? There was a man named Legion one time and the Bible said in the book of Mark that when he was come out of the ship, immediately there met him out of the tombs a man with an unclean spirit. You say it was an unclean man, brother Isaac. That's not what the scripture said. It said it was a man with an unclean spirit. You got to separate your battle from your identity, friends. You are not depressed. You are not anxious. You're speaking the devil's language. Amen. You are a man that's battling depression. You are a daughter that's battling anxiety. You are a man that is battling temptation. But it is not your identity. It's just an unclean spirit that's trying to hold you back from who you really are. Amen. But he began to fellowship with the Lord. Amen. And the Lord made way to come by him where he was dwelling among tombs, bound with chains, and cutting himself with stones. Amen. Spirits don't die, friends. Amen. That spirit still alive in the form of a depression and suicide tried to make you cut yourself like Legion was cutting himself. Amen. But when Jesus came, that man ran up to him and those spirits begin to fall down and recognize that that was Jesus and they begin to worship him because the enemy knows who Jesus is. The devil knows this message is. He knows it's true. maybe more than a lot of the the a lot of churches in this world. He knows it's true. And he begin to fall down and worship. Amen. And Jesus would begin to speak to him and say, "What is thy name?" He would say, "My name is Legion." He said, Jesus knew his name, but he wanted them to confess it. He said, "How did it begin?" He had taken a little drink and a spirit came in. He told a little lie and a a spirit came in and before he knew it, he was possessed by a legion of devils. And and then brother Ram say the law couldn't help them. And sometimes that's where we get friends is that just rules and regulations can't help us. It'll require more than that. That's not what we need sometimes. We you know we we need those things. We need things to be in order, but it's got to be more than that. He needed to meet a living God. And the law couldn't help him. And he wanted a revival. He was the only person in that whole land that wanted a revival because brother will there was a lot of farmers that didn't want a revival because when revival came to Legion he said cast the spirits cast us into these hogs and they ran into the water and they said we don't want revival it cost too many hogs but Legion wanted revival and that may be you tonight you may be in that shape say I want revival brother Isaac I'm hungry for God brother Isaac and Jesus gave those spirits leave and he went home a different man. He went home and his children begin to begin to hide and his wife begin to hunker down and say, "Who are you? Why why are you back here? I thought what what are you doing in this house?" And they begin to fear him that he was going to beat them again and he was going to hurt them again. Amen. And they begin to say, "What? Mommy, what's happening?" And say, "Don't fear. Don't fear my wife. Don't fear my children. Daddy met Jesus." Amen. And you say, "It's hopeless, Brother Isaac." No, brother Bram said when you recognize his presence, everything is settled. &gt;&gt; I mean, when you recognize his presence, he's here to release your desires onto you. I mean, as the musicians come, I mean, I I've got a lot more, but I ran out of time. But there was a man one time named Donnie Morton, and he had a little boy. He's about four years old and he had a hopeless brain condition and the doctors begin to diagnose him and say he's hopeless. He he might live six months. But his daddy believed so much and loved his son so much that he said, "No, we we've got to go. We've got to find a doctor. We've got to do something." And they would go through blizzards. They would go through all kinds of storms just to take him to doctors and they would say, "He's hopeless. you know, there's really nothing we can do. And he began to lose weight, and he couldn't hardly eat or speak or anything. And finally, one day, his father remembered that there was a man named William Brandham. And he had had two friends that were healed in his meetings. And he would say, he would say, "If we can just get to those meetings, I believe God will do something for my baby." And and he went and he sold cows and did everything he could to get to that meeting. And and this is in the Reader's Digest. Brother Bram tells a story from years ago. He said, 'There's one thing. They [music] wouldn't accept the word hopeless. They would say, "Buddy, daddy's here. Buddy, [music] we're not whipped yet. Little Donnie, there's still hope. Don't give up hope." And they traveled 2, 3,000 miles and finally made it to that meeting. And brother Brandham would say, "If you can just go down a couple days from now or tomorrow," he said, "you'll find an Old Country doctor." [music] And the only hope he has is the power of God in that surgery. And long story short, they met that doctor. They performed [music] the operation and the baby begin to get well. Amen. Because there was a father who wouldn't accept the word hopeless. Amen. And I'm one preacher [music] that won't accept the word hopeless. You've got a pastor that won't accept the word hopeless. Amen. Whatever condition you're in tonight, we will not accept the word hopeless. You [music] say, "It's too late, Brother Isaac. I'm too far too far gone." I like the lyrics of that song. I don't know who told you you would not make it. I don't know who told you you could not take it. I don't know who told you it's time that you quit, but my God says, "Wait, it ain't over yet." You say, "It's too late, Brother Isaac." I say, "Wait, it ain't over yet." As long as he's here, there's hope. As long as his presence is in the building and you recognize that he is here and you if you recognize [music] tonight that it's more than brother Isaac. If you recognize that it's more than brother Aaron. If you recognize that the angel of the Lord is in the building tonight, you can have the desire of your heart because that's what brother Brandham said he's here to do. That's why he appears in these meetings. He appears to give you the desires of your heart. But you got to recognize him. [music] But if you recognize him tonight, like the woman at the well recognized him, she received her deliverance. The woman in the blood issue had a need of healing, but she recognized him and [music] touched the hem of his garment and she received her healing. The woman that washed his feet with her hair recognized that he was the Christ and she received forgiveness and she received her joy. And so whatever your desire is tonight, if you desire the Holy Ghost, if you desire your joy, if you desire your peace, and you recognize [music] that he's in the building tonight, then I say he's here to release your desires onto you. Amen. If we could bow our heads as we begin to close the service. Amen. Brother Brandon would say, and this just struck my heart when I read it. He would say that's the reason you enjoy it. You Baptist, [music] Methodist, and Catholic and Presbyterian and so forth. You enjoy that presence. Somewhere in you, you've accepted God. Maybe sometime in an intellectual way, you come and you felt the [music] power of God and you are a servant of God. But when you can really come into God and recognize [music] your place in him as a son or daughter of God, that's what brings that great thrill to you that God intended you to have. Amen. And if you don't have that thrill tonight, I believe that he's here. He can give you that thrill. You can begin to recognize who you are. Like brother Brandham told about that boy who [music] was playing in the house. He was walking around and he found a little mirror and he began [music] to look at that mirror and say, "My, that's funny looking." And he began to recognize, "Wow, that's me in that mirror." And he said, "Mama, that's me." You said, "I've been [music] hearing this message for a long time, and I've I've not recognized it yet, Brother Isaac. But maybe if that boy hadn't taken a bath for a week or a month, he could go in front of that mirror and say, "I don't know who that is. It's too dirty. I can't tell." Oh, but there is a washing of the water of the word tonight that begin to wash away everything because that dirt wasn't the real him. [music] Amen. He maybe couldn't recognize who he was because he was covered with dirt. But the dirt wasn't him. But as the dirt began to get washed away, he could see, "Wow, this is what I look [music] like. This is who I am." And maybe you feel dirty tonight, but as a word begins to wash [music] away that dirt, you can look into the mirror of God's word and say, "Oh, that's who I am. That's who I've been all along. That's what God's been trying to tell me. That's what the pastor's been preaching about. I can't believe I never saw it." Oh, but you begin to see it and brother, it'll bring a thrill to your life. Amen. If you desire, maybe if you've got a need on your heart, you'd like to raise your hand. You say, "Brother Isaac, I I want to recognize who I am. I I don't know if I even have the Holy Ghost or not. I want to know tonight. I need my joy, Brother Isaac. I'm under a cloud of oppression. I just can't seem to break through it. I need to break through tonight." Oh, we serve a God, friends. Amen. and we're going to pray. If you desire to come up for prayer or kneel at the altar, we'd be happy to pray with you. But we're going to pray together now. Just lift it up before the Lord. Recognize who's here in the building. Heavenly Father, your grace is sufficient, [music] Lord, in the time of need. Father, I Lord, a lot of things that maybe I didn't get to, but I [music] believe that you, Lord, I trust that you accomplished what you needed to speak tonight. Father, Lord, I'm here. I I stand as that night and gale tonight. Father, I trying to announce to these young people the best [music] I can, Lord, that if you're in a cloud that I'm here to tell you, the sun's shining behind the clouds. You can have a breakthrough tonight. You can have a breakthrough. You can press through those clouds. [music] And some of it might be instantly. Some of it might just be a moment in his presence rolls the clouds away. And some of it might just be walking [music] with the Lord, fellowshipping with the message. And just day after day, you realize it's getting brighter and brighter. Oh Jesus, we ask that you be merciful tonight. Lord, you said, Lord, that if we [music] would repent and be baptized, we shall be filled with the Holy Ghost. But Father, maybe there's some tonight that are lost in that confusion. Lord, I'll pray over them like I prayed. Father, if they don't have it, Lord, I pray you give it to them and let them know that they, [music] Lord, that they've got it. But if they do have it, Lord, I pray you just settle it in their heart that they might know, Father, that they wouldn't have to live in that confusion any longer. Lord, if they're walking in depression, if they're walking in anxiety, if there's a cloud hanging over their life and they're thinking it's so dark and this, it's so dark, Lord. Maybe when they go to bed at night, Father, they just sit there and weep and say, "Oh, God, I need you, Lord. I need a breakthrough. I'm I can't hardly take another day of this. Amen. Father, you're here. Lord, you're here. Your sunshine is here. Father, you can give them the joy. You can give them the peace, Lord. Father, maybe they'll be going throughout the week this week and they'll turn on a tape and all of a sudden it will begin to answer exactly what they're going through. Lord, maybe the pastor will come and preach next week and it'll be exactly what they have need of to identify what they're going through. Father, we don't want to put you in a box and say, "Lord, how you have to do it." But Father, we're just asking that you give us mercy tonight. We're asking that you restore joy to the hearts hungering for joy. Lord, if they're hungering for a revival in their life, Lord, I [music] pray you just begin to open the floodgates of heaven upon their life and pour out a revival. Lord, if they're needing peace, Lord, you have promised us a peace that passes all understanding. Lord, if they're needing the Holy Ghost or a refilling, Lord, you are here tonight. Lord, we ask that you be merciful now in Jesus name. Oh, why don't we just worship him?
