################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-04 - Christ, Church, and a Christian Pt. 1 - Unknown Speaker.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-04
Title:    Christ, Church, and a Christian Pt. 1
Speaker: Unknown Speaker
Church:   Arizona Believers Church
Type:    Church Service
Duration: 1h 10m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bFi479YJh2E
========================================

Description:
Christ, Church, and a Christian Pt. 1
Sunday Service: January 4, 2026
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Acts chapter 2 37. Now when they heard this, they were pricricked in their heart and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, men and brethren, what shall we do? And so this is a move in their heart. Something has stirred them. Then Peter said unto them, repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are a far off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call." And with many other words did he testify and exhort, saying, "Save yourselves from this untored generation." Then they that gladly received his word were baptized, and the same day were added unto them about 3,000 souls. And they continued steadfast in the apostles doctrine, and fellowship, and in breaking of bread, and in prayers. And fear came upon every soul. And many wonders and signs were done by the apostles. And all that believed were together and had all things common, and sold their possessions and goods, and parted them to all men, as every man had need. And they, continuing daily with one accord in the temple, and breaking bread from house to house, did eat their meat with gladness and singleness of heart, praising God, and having favor with all the people. And the Lord added to the church daily such as should be saved. Amen. You can be seated. Brother Joseph Frank, good to see you, too. I'm going to start a new subject in the new year. I've mentioned it um in the past on community, and it may seem to be somewhat cliche as a term, but I have been giving a lot of thought to this in terms of uh what community looks like as even fellowshipping with a brother last year who's facing a deci decision and making a difficult choice in their lives. And uh the subject landed briefly on community and just how we recognize um a need for it. And I would say that uh just maybe sharing this from my heart that where where the word is uh directed, it's going to meet you where you are. It's really easy just to say Christ is over here somewhere and tell you you you got to go find him. But Christ is going to meet you where you are. And so I believe that the word of God addresses us in a terminology and in circumstances and situations that speak to what we're going through. And so if this seems uh if it seems somewhat cliche, I'm not worried about that. But I am wanting to explore this concept of community. And so my title today is Christ Church and the Christian. And this is part one. I went a whole year without a part one or two. And so this is part one. at the beginning of the year a Christ church and a Christian. So there's a lot that comes into view there. Uh in defining community, I'd like to just start off with this as a definition. A unified body of individuals. So a community that I'm looking at is a group of individuals that form a body through their unification. So it's individuals that are unified that make up a body. So it becomes a community. And if you looked at it as a feeling, that would be that feeling of fellowship or camaraderie that others have by sharing something or things in common. So there's a word that we can see that begins to become a theme with community as far as commonness. And if you were to look at this from uh maybe an academic standpoint, humans have been separating themselves into groups from the very beginning that it's something that there is this innate tendency of the human brain to divide the world into us against them. Am I right? It's us versus them, right? That's the way that we always think. And so there's just this innate tendency to begin to think in terms of group thinking. It's us versus them. And this is they this is a a claim that is made quite frequently that our our need for social connection is a fundamental basic need uh just as necessary as food and water. They say that uh belonging to a group or group membership is one of the single greatest factors or predictors of survival in difficult circumstances and historically gave you better access to resources. You had this mutual network of protection. You had this social support system. So uh being a part of a community is not just a sense of belonging and having identity but historically it was necessary for survival that this uh connection that we have in a community is a basic human need. And in Genesis 2 18 says and the Lord God said this is observing Adam and his habitat and his domain singularly as one man. It says it is not good that man should be alone. I will make him a help meat for him. So this scripture to me is very important to see that man was existing in the beginning by himself. And he says it's not good that he would be alone. I'll make him a helpmate. We know this is the woman that came from man. But we see that God created man as a social creature. He didn't look at man and say, "Wow, that's the ideal right there. a man by himself in the woods, in nature, uh uh cooking for himself, living by himself, uh just living free of care. He said, "No, man needs somebody uh to be with him." And the Bible says, "A help me meet." And he begins by bringing forth the woman, and it would not just be a man and a woman, but they would also have children. And so God in the beginning wanted to have become a family. And so God in the beginning created this family that would be a a community in Eden. Right &gt;&gt; now, as we have used the term church in our title, I'd like to give I'd like to spend my time this morning on that particular aspect because this is where the Lord began to deal with me and certain things happen where you realize, wow, there's certain challenges that we face as a church uh that are analogous to challenges we face in families and extended families in the world today. But church is a place that's set aside for Christian worship. So we're they they may have things called a satanic church and and a church of food or something, but church is a place set aside for Christian worship. It's the assembling or gathering together of Christians. And when there's church and all you have to do is kind of look around and begin to think of our own personal experiences that church, Christian churches join together diverse backgrounds for different genres and cultures and personalities and classes and from different economics and different education. uh educational levels, different goals, uh uh different desires, different um uh you know, you have families with one child, you have families that can't have children, you have some families that are broken. There's so many different social economic factors and it's such a a diverse combining of people. I was sharing this recently uh with different ones and it's something that became more real to me uh in just with our young people and our own children is there is uh they say that within families that your children will mistreat each other, the siblings will mistreat each other because they know no matter how bad they treat that person, they're still there the next morning when they wake up. &gt;&gt; Like they have to be together. And so they'll tend to treat the their friends or people they want to be friends with better than they treat their siblings. I know you're all thinking, "Man, Brother Aaron's dealing with stuff." Now, if he's going to get into this this early in the year and this early in the service uh before the chill is not even out of the air, I'm already talking about my children and how they get along. But it's just something psych psychologically they begin to learn that I can abuse this person to no end. And my parents are still going to tell me to share and to play nice and get along because we all live within the same house. And so in educational settings, uh, in social settings, children tend to be nicer to other kids that they want to be friends with and that they want to have they have a connection with or they want to maintain a certain relationship with. And what I found with church is our children, they come, they come to church and they're part of a a church setting and they're in youth groups and they have homeschool co-ops and things like that and they have their group of friends almost picked out for them. Have you ever thought about that? that we tell them to sit at the table and to hang out with these people and they go to church with these people and they play ball with these people and they talk to these people and they hang out and they have no choice whether or not they really even like them, whether or not they have anything in common. Uh and that we can almost replicate a kind of a situation where it's like no matter how we get along or how much we like each other, we're kind of forced to be together because this is where my parents go to church. And so it presents other challenges that you have with young people and people getting along and the way things work together. And so one thing I began to realize is that when you have when you make friends in school, I had some friends in school for anybody who's wondering. And when you had friends, you found you found things in common. You there's something that maybe you shared whether if you played baseball, you hung out with baseball players. If you were into certain things, then you you found things in common. And there was something that you that joined you together. So, as I looked at this, I realized that God's word uh knows that we're social creatures. God made us to be social creatures. He knows uh how we how we think and what our tendencies are. And so, God's word is best suited for equipping uh the individual for personal growth and for good success as the Bible would use that term. And as we have this need for community, I believe God's word establishes that in the best order. And so my burden is to identify God's God's concept of community uh to identif identify its purpose and how it works in our personal lives. And I want to begin with this Christ Church and a Christian. So, if you could turn to Matthew chapter 16 13-19, we'll read through a number of scripture readings today. And a lot of these scriptures we're going to use, we're going to reuse and probably reuse quite frequently. I'm not sure how long we'll be on this subject, but we'll just commit it to the Lord as we have as the need arises, we'll continue in this subject. says when Jesus came into the coast of Cesaria Philippi he asked his disciples saying whom do men say that I the son of man am so now Jesus is identifying himself in this office of the son of man but he's saying what do people think about this uh m ministry and they said some say that thou art John the Baptist some Elias and others Jeremiah or one of the prophets and so you could see just how people would think they thought that this was perhaps the reincarnation of John the Baptist already or he was in the same spirit as John the Baptist or Elijah some other prophet then he says who do you verse 15 he saith unto him but whom say ye that I am not what everybody else is saying but what's your own personal um understanding what would you confess &gt;&gt; and Simon Peter answered and said thou art the Christ the son of the living God &gt;&gt; it's quite a statement that he makes and Jesus answered and said and blessed art thou Simon Barjonah For flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee. So this understanding which says who whom say ye that I am what he said is a revelation. Thou art the Christ the son of the living God. But flesh and blood hath not revealed it to him. But my father which is in heaven if we could say hath revealed this to you Peter. &gt;&gt; And I say unto thee that thou art Peter. So there's kind of a name this name change here. A stone. Thou art Peter. Upon this rock I will build my church. Now some denominations and organization took that to mean Peter the stone. But the rock that Christ is going to build his church on is the revelation &gt;&gt; upon this rock. This foundation, this beginning of the revelation of Jesus Christ, I will build my church and the gates of hell shall not prevail against it. the revelation or the church. &gt;&gt; And I will give unto thee, notice this language, the keys of the kingdom of heaven. And whosoever shalt bind whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven. And whatsoever thou shalt loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven. So now there's these characteristics he's identifying about uh the stone, the keys, the rock, the church, all these images in one. And Jesus uses this phrase. It's the only place that he uses it. upon this rock I will build my church. It's the only place he says my church. It's the only place he refers to something that would be individually or his. But this is the church of Jesus Christ. This is his church. So when I when I use a phrase today of of his church or if we were to capitalize the C and that church that that's this church that Christ is talking about. Hebrews 12 23 says to the general assembly and church of the firstborn. Paul is saying this is what we've come to this mount Zion this general assembly and church of the firstborn identifies a special assembly a special church if we say that's a something a gathering of Christians this is the church of the firstborn Christ being the firstborn from the dead the only begotten of the father now has many sons that are being brought to glory who who is this general assembly or church which are written in heaven so their names are in the lamb books lamb's book of life and to god the judge of all into the spirits of just men made perfect. This is my church as Jesus said. In Colossians 1 15 to18 it says who is the image of the invisible God speaking of Christ the firstborn of every creature. For by him were all things created that are in heaven and that are in earth visible and invisible whether they be thrones or dominions or principalities or powers. All things were created by him and for him. And he is before all things and by him all things consist. Verse 18, and he is the head of the body, the church. So Christ is the head of a body. So it gives him a very specific description. He is the head. But the body, what is the head without the body? He has a body. And the body here Paul says, is the church who is the beginning? Christ the head, the firstborn from the dead. So this is the church of the firstborn that in all things he might have the preeminence. So he's the head of the body that he might have preeminence in the body in control and leadership of the body. So the church that Christ speaks of upon this rock I will build my church. It's that general assembly the church of the firstborn it is his body that is the church &gt;&gt; in Ephesians chapter 1 22 and 23 and c and hath put all things under Christ's feet. God hath put all things under his feet. Notice kind of this repetition of all things. And it says, "And gave him Christ to be the head over all things to the church &gt;&gt; which is his body." &gt;&gt; So again, you see this image of Christ being the head and then the church being the body. And it's not just a body, it's his body. &gt;&gt; Upon this rock, I will build my church, which is his body, the fullness of him that fleth all in all. &gt;&gt; So there is a church of Jesus Christ. there's a church that is uh and just using that phrase and we say well it's a body it it's it's something very real and scriptural in it so it has some reality and we use this term his church or the church of Christ the church of Jesus Christ his church is made up of individuals &gt;&gt; so it's not a building &gt;&gt; it's not an idea it's something that's very real it is a body that is made up of individuals who are baptized into that church by the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; 1 Corinthians 12 12 13 and 14 says for as the body is one and hath many members and all the members of that one body being many are one body so also is Christ. So he's saying just look at your body. You have a head, you have fingers, you have toes, you have all these different body parts. He says, but you you don't look as the the elbow or the forehead as being different from any other a different body, but it is one body and it has many members and and so the body being one having member members, he says, so Christ is the same way. Yeah. &gt;&gt; So Christ as the head with the body, he's wanting us to imagine then that this body has many members and singular parts and different things that move and individuals that make it up. So he says, "For by one spirit, Christ the head of a body that has many members. For by one spirit are we all baptized into one body." And then he breaks this down in a granular or cellular level to say whether we be Jews or Gentiles, whether we be bond or free and have all been made to drink in one spirit. For the body is not one member but many. So there's a saying that what we might say, well I am the church. I am the body. But you are a member of that. &gt;&gt; It would be incredibly narcissistic, I guess, to say that I'm the only one. There's nobody else. And and in that a and maybe if we say, well, if there's only one that's going to make it, it's going to be me. But we recognize scripturally and spiritually that there's more to this body of Christ than just one individual. &gt;&gt; That it says by one spirit we're all baptized as Jew, Gentile, different nationalities and backgrounds, bond or free, different economic classes, but somehow by this one drink in the spirit, we're we're baptized into this body. So individually we retain some uh individuality or personality as maybe uh uh it could be phrased Oswald Chambers might put it in those distinctions but there's this individual that's baptized into this one body &gt;&gt; that is the body of Jesus Christ it is the church &gt;&gt; the true church in Matthew 18 15 to20 we see something else emerge We're revisiting maybe a lot of different principles that we used in the series we did on our family tree which was kind of setting forth the vision of this church as it had recently begun. And I think some of these things are always good to revisit uh in terms of the general principles but we hope to be able to bring this out in greater light more relevant detail today uh in this time this year. Matthew chapter 18 15 to20. We're going to read a little bit here so you can get the context. Moreover, if thy brother shall trespass against thee, go and tell his fault between thee in him alone. If he shall hear thee, thou hast gained thy brother. So there's even a language of a a relationship that's being used here. But if he will not hear thee, then take with thee one or two more. Then in the mouth of two or three witnesses every word may be established. Yeah, &gt;&gt; this is this process Jesus is laying out. If one has been offended or there's been some sort of trespass, then there's a Jesus is giving good instruction on how to address this. And the as I've been studying for some other services and I have some meetings coming up and been uh burdened on certain subjects, I've been looking at uh certain processes and patterns that we go through as individuals and how that the world has a lot of advice on how to do things. And they found there are certain things that work and I have never failed to find anything that works in some sort of philosophical or social construct that you can't bring back to a biblical principle if it really works. Uh, I'm not just talking about a blind squirrel finding a nut every once in a while or a broken clock being right twice a day. I'm talking something that is sound wisdom that's been passed on and on. You'll find it's in the word of God because God knows the human mind better than anything. &gt;&gt; There's even this this approach to decision-m where they say assume that something has happened that the thing fails spectacularly and you begin to ask yourself what makes what would cause this to fail or not work out right? And so you kind of do this p postmortem and say if this happen what would have to happen in order for that to happen and it activates a different part of your thinking where you slow down. You begin to proc see process things differently than just your gut instinct on something. And and this is just what social economist or behavioral economics would teach you to do maybe to change switch system that you're using the fast or the slow and I found that in the word of God God already shows us what would happen &gt;&gt; in so many ways. He shows us already how this is going to fail and works us back. And the Bible's the best thing equipped to steady our minds and to lead us and to guide us. And so this what Jesus is sharing here to me is good practices. I remember when I was um in law school and I had to there was a particular ethics class I had to take and we had to give uh we had to give a presentation on something and um I chose um can a Christian be a lawyer or can a lawyer be a Christian and maybe inverted because I had that actually asked of me. Can a Christian be a lawyer? And I said no I'll have to renounce Christ on the day of my when I pass the bars. Oh that's a shame brother. I'm really sorry to hear that. But there's and um I've made some people really really angry when they said, "How could you be a lawyer and a Christian?" I said, "Well, I can't think of anything more Christlike than a criminal defense lawyer representing somebody who's guilty." &gt;&gt; And I've had them get up and leave breakfast when I use that example. I said, "Well, I guess that conversation's over." But I one of the things that I had to address in looking at what I would be required to do as a lawyer, there was one thing one thing that I began to get a little hung up on and it's that as a lawyer, if another lawyer does something ethically wrong, I'm obligated to report him. &gt;&gt; Absolutely obligated. And it's not just necessarily a sin of moral turpitude. It's something that if you see them violating the code of ethics, then you're responsible to report them and think, "Wow, that where does where's the the love that hides a multitude of sins and where's the grace from my brother?" And then I saw this scripture that says, "If your brother makes a mistake, go to him." So the very next provision in those ethics is but before you report him, go to him. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And inform him of his transgression and allow him an opportunity to self-report. And so there's you realize that well why is that in our code of ethics? Well man might have stumbled on that himself realizing this is the best practices but there's things that God identifies in the word of God that are good for how we behave how we treat one another and how we operate not only as Christians especially as Christians but also as individuals and human beings. So it says here in verse 17, "And if he shall neglect to hear them," this is the individual, and then the witnesses, "Tell it unto the church. But if he neglect to hear the church, let him be unto thee as a heathen and a a heathen man and a publican." So now there's some sort of separating out from that body, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; He's he he loses some relationship or affinity or some connection to the group there or to what he says here at the church. And notice this phrase, tell it to the church. I I'll keep reading and then we'll come back to this. Verily, I say unto you, whatsoever you shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven. Notice how closely this resembles what he had said just earlier to Peter about the keys to the kingdom of heaven. And whatsoever you bind on earth and be bound in heaven. Now, there's some characteristic that's passed down. He's referring to a different church, but a similar identity. Whatsoever you shall bind on earth shall be bound in heaven. And whatsoever you shall loose on earth shall be loosed in heaven. Again, I say unto you, that if two of you shall agree on earth as touching anything that they shall ask, it shall be done for them of my father which is in heaven. For where two or three are gathered together in my my name, there am I in the midst of them. &gt;&gt; So, this is a a gathering. He's referring to some sort of body of people or individuals have some sort of relationship and there some sort of assumption of accountability because I've been trespassed by a brother and I go to him said, "You've offended mean he says, "Well, I'm not going to listen to you." Then you go with witnesses and they sit down with them. He says, "I'm not going to listen to them." And then you bring it to it says, "The church th this church here is different from the Matthew 16 church. Upon this rock, I will build my church." And so there's a church that is Christ's church. And then the the church here, this church exists solely because of his church. &gt;&gt; Yeah. If there wasn't his church, there would be no need for the church. &gt;&gt; His church is his body. That's the that's the dynamics of the spirit baptizing individuals into this larger body called the body of Christ. And then when he says there's a brother that's trespassed against another brother, he's referring to this assembling or gathering together people in his name. &gt;&gt; So there's some sort of Christian character associated with it. He says, "And if they neglect to hear the church," so you're to tell the church, then you let the church speak. And if they don't hear that, that church only exists because of his church. &gt;&gt; Otherwise, this would just be some club that you get initiated into and that you could be kicked out of because you offended somebody. But it exists because there is a greater church. &gt;&gt; So you have a my church, which is Jesus saying, "Upon this rock, I'll build my church." And then you have a church or the church that one attends, if we could say that, or the local body. In Acts chapter 2 47, we're we're jumping right into the middle of this. I realize now that uh we could maybe get a little bit more, but this is how this chapter ends on this great the day of Pentecost. Uh the Holy Spirit's poured out. Peter preaches when they say, you know, these people are drunk and they're speaking in these languages that we can all different ones can understand. And the crowd responds, what must we do? And this is the end. They're praising God, having favor with all the people. and the Lord added to the church daily such as should be saved. So this adding to the church daily, it could be applied to his church, but then it can also be applied to the church, &gt;&gt; a church, because as the Lord added to the church daily. There was those that were being baptized by the Holy Ghost into the body of Christ and those who are be a part of the body of Christ. Now, as they assemble together as two or three gathered together and as they have some sort of fellowship and communion together, that becomes this assembly &gt;&gt; of believers. You'll find a number of scriptures in the Bible that refer to this. I'm not being exhaustive because there's so many that uh we could kind of get lost in these weeds, but in 1 Corinthians chapter 1:2 it says under the church of God which is at Corenth. It's called the church of God. Then in Thessalonians he says under the church of the Thessalonians. Now you realize each one is given a different name, a different character. Uh and they they're in different locations and but yet they're called the church of God or the church of the Thessalonians. And in in doing so, it wasn't to create a nomenclature where it's the first message church of Phoenix or the first Baptist church uh of Glendale. There's not it's not this effort to be the first. I think that's the number one comment on any message board is first. And that's what people want to be. They want to be first. They want to be the one that gets in there first. Well, that's not the idea is not to be the first. It's just the church of the firstborn. &gt;&gt; Jesus Christ. He's the first. He's the alpha and omega of this church. And so there's a church in Corinth. There's a church in Thessalonica. In Galatians, he says there are the churches of Galatia. Not first, second, third, and fourth church of Galatia, but just the churches of Galatia. In 2 Corinthians 8, it refers to the churches of Macedonia. This is just early on in the Christian church. You have all these gatherings all over the place. &gt;&gt; We could say in some sense it's localized. It says in Revelations 1 11 saying, "I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the last. And what thou seeest write in a book and send it unto the seven churches which are in Asia." &gt;&gt; So there's he's singling out seven churches and it's because they have a certain character, certain makeup, and they're going to be expressive of future ages. But he says these are se these seven churches which are in Asia. And then he names them unto Ephesus and under Smyrna and under Pergamus and under Thotyra and under Sardis and under Philadelphia and under Leodysia. So now he names these seven churches one uh uh one seven of many and they're kind of regionalized and localized at that time in what we call Asia. Revelations chapter 2 to3 excuse me Revelations chapters 2 and three says the church of Ephesus. This is the church in Smyrna. the church in Pergamus, the church in Thotyra, the church in Sardis, the church in Philadelphia Philadelphia, a and the church of Leodysia. There's this distinction now of these individual churches that existed then historically but that have a certain makeup and character that are going to be expressive of future ages. And so the members in the church at Corenth, the church of Thessalonians, the church of Galatia, the churches in Macedonia, the seven churches which are in Asia, the members of these churches made up the members of the body of Christ, his church. &gt;&gt; Th this is what gave them this is what made them Christian churches. This is what made them different than a a Dungeons and Dragons Club or or a Call of Duty War Pod online or whatever they're called. There's it's something different uh than a discord group. This is they had they they were members of a larger more supernatural uh body &gt;&gt; and being members of that they were assembling together around that. &gt;&gt; Ephesians 5:30 says, "For we are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones." It's not just poetry. There's a certain reality to this that has to transcend even our physical reality that this is something very real. We are members of his body. &gt;&gt; In 1 Corinthians chapter 6:15, know you not that your bodies are the members of Christ? Shall I then take the members of Christ? Think through this very uh uh maybe more deeply later. And make them members of a harlot, God forbid. So the individuals are members of Christ. And as members of Christ, there there's a sanctity. There's a separation. There's an identity that comes with being a part of that body, that church. He says, "Shall I then make them members of a harlot?" He says, "God forbid I wouldn't do that." There'll be more time maybe spent on this particular concept. But notice how that whenever the members were baptized in his body, the individuals that become hermits and they all just disperse and disappear and they all go into their individual caves. I was thinking about it last week. This this sermon this sermon series might really really bug the the introverts who just really want to be alone and don't want to be a part of anything. But God made us to have a social need. What makes a lot of times in uh introverts is the disappointment in those things. &gt;&gt; True. &gt;&gt; And that it's it's not that they were as a little baby, you know, they like just leave me alone. Just shove a bottle under the door. I'll be fine. you know, and I'll I'll make do. But there's something that happens in life through some sort of scars and complexes and anxiety to where being an introvert sometimes is more of a protection mechanism than it is a thriving mechanism. &gt;&gt; I It's the downside of something. And all the introverts said, &gt;&gt; I got more amens than I thought I would get on that. Introverts identified. In Acts 8:es 1:3, this might be the reason to be an introvert. And Saul was consenting unto his death, the death of Steven. And at that time, there was a great persecution against the church, which was at Jerusalem. Now, notice how he's not saying the only real believers were in Jerusalem. Isn't it amazing how that spirit sometimes still thrives? Like, we're all going to have to move to Salt Lake or Lima, god forbid, or maybe Jeffersonville or something. You know, we're all going to have to end up in Johnson City eventually. There's uh it was just the church which was at Jerusalem. This is just the gathering of believers at Jerusalem, a church of Jerusalem and there's great persecution against that church and they were all scattered abroad throughout the regions of Judea and Samaria except the apostles. So notice as the persecution came against the church, it says they were all scattered. Who was scattered? The church. &gt;&gt; And the church is made up of members. So as one member suffered, they all suffered. As one member scattered, they're all being scattered. and the apostles remain behind. But it's Saul who's persecuting the church. And as their scatters, his devout men carried Steven to his burial and made great lamentation over him. As for Saul, he made havoc of the church. He's still pursuing them with papers, entered into every house and hailing men and women, committed them committed them to prison. This was persecution against the members of the church. But also it specifically targeted a location a certain group and they were the members are scattered from there. I want you to just very very simple this morning. There's the body of Christ and then there's churches that exist because of that church. But they they still have they have some they retain some character identification a a um a submission to that premier body. If you look at our text again, I'd like to walk through this and um and I think we'll there'll be enough enough in here to probably just end in these in these verses around here in Acts chapter 2 with verse 41. As Peter has preached his sermon and he tells them to repent and be baptized, save yourselves. It says in verse 41, then they that gladly received his word were baptized. What were they baptized in? In the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins. Going to say, what must we do? And he tells them, he preaches this sermon. It pricks their heart. This is their response to the word. as many as gladly received the word were baptized. And the same day there were added unto them about 3,000 souls. And they, notice this characteristic, they continued steadfastly in the apostles doctrine and fellowship and in breaking of bread and in prayers. This evening, we'll come back this afternoon. We'll come back to partake in this breaking of bread, communion. &gt;&gt; And to those that would argue that communion has ceased would have to argue upon that same basis that prayers have ceased. and maybe why their doctrine has ceased to be right and their fellowship has ceased. But they continued steadfastly in the apostles doctrine and fellowship. That word fellowship could have been translated to community. Actually has that meaning in the Greek that they continued in the apostles doctrine and community. They were united by something that was not uh geographic. It was not economic. It it wasn't social. If you were to say, well, it was it was certainly religious, but it began with the complete turning upside down of their religion. But in in in leaving that, they didn't become anti-Jews, anti-semmites. They didn't all of a sudden hate the temple and hate the priest and hate everything they were a part of. No, recognize this transition that when they received the Messiah, it fulfilled and vindicated everything they ever believed. &gt;&gt; Yeah. So they they didn't they didn't leave the Christian church in in type today that people become enlightened to Christ and they want to throw out the Bible and throw out everything else. No, it's the fulfillment of &gt;&gt; everything they all hoped for and they ever believed. And so they continued in synagogues. They conceded in fellowship because they their transition change wasn't an anti and against. It was this positive for &gt;&gt; and they what they shared was this. They continued steadfastly in a community because they were united by something greater. This church in Jerusalem, if we could identify this in scripture, was a local gathering of this larger community of Christ. This body of Christ, it begins to operate in a certain way through the book of Acts and these other chapters. You'll see want to just recognize this in other books in the New Testament that there was a connection amongst them. In Acts 14:23, it says, "And they had ordained them elders in every church." So now there's there's this connection. There's a responsibility. They're thinking beyond themselves. I believe as a church, we have a responsibility to support missionary works. A and to see that that that in in these lands that are are less fortunate or don't have as the means and they're undergoing difficult circumstances that we would support them. If they don't have an elder pastor, pray for them. I if there's ways that we could help in providing them resources and tools, we we want to be able to do that. And so they ordained them elders in every church. The next chapter and he went through Syria and Cissia confirming the churches. Notice how there there's this connection amongst all of them that they had. They shared something in common. In Colossians 4:16, this letter that he had written to the believers at Colossia, this church in Colossia says, "And when this epistle is read among you, cause it to be read also in the church of the Leodysans." Could you imagine just the the the woke virus in that day? Like, how dare you read a letter in church, right? And here he's telling them, go ahead and read read read my quotations and read my words in Colossia and then you know what? Make sure it's read in Leodysia church and then make sure that the one I wrote them is read in your church, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; People get all worked up about quoting things. I guess maybe uh they would have only been able to quote the Old Testament in the New Testament church. So when this epistle is read among you, notice this affinity, this connection. Read my letter. And as you read this letter, share it with this other church that it might be read at the church of the Leodysans. And then likewise read the letter that I wrote to them. Why? Because there's something about this ministry, about Paul's ministry, about what they were fellowshipping around, about what they were identified with where they had something in common. &gt;&gt; Peter writes in 1 Peter 1:1, Peter, an apostle of Jesus Christ, to the strangers scattered throughout Pontis, Galatia, Capidoshia, Asia, Bethnia. the strangers. Who are these ones? They are the believers, &gt;&gt; pilgrims and strangers because they no longer identify with their their most basic identification, their most common ground or the things that's most prec. They don't identify with the soil of Jerusalem. They don't identify with the hills of Judea. They don't identify with the with the world. They're now identified with something heavenly. And so now they're pilgrims and strangers scattered throughout these different regions. Amen. &gt;&gt; But yet they they have they have a connection. In 1 Corinthians chapter 16 19 it says, "The churches of Asia salute you. This is salutations. This is greetings. There's an honor that's being given." And and notice how Paul is able to convey that. The churches of Asia salute you. Aquilla and Priscilla salute you much in the Lord and with the church that is in their house. Churches are sending greetings to other churches. Christians are sending their greetings to one another. I I believe that we're living in a time when things become so political, things can become so toxic and you can be so discouraged and disappointed with so much that and maybe humor me a little bit, but wouldn't it just be nice to all move to Jackson, Wyoming and just start a cult, right? And if we could just maybe handpick those that follow. I don't know. but have a rigorous, you know, vetting process and an expelling process so we could keep the sanctity of our cult because there's so much nonsense that goes on everywhere. You just want to be like, I don't want to have anything to do with it. &gt;&gt; Should I get into all the WhatsApp groups I've had to leave? I don't want to have anything to do with it. This isn't fruitful. This isn't beneficial. This is wild. Now I just live vicariously through my son who's in some real spicy groups now and I'm here for it. Let me know your password. I want to get in them chats. Just want to read. Just want to read. &gt;&gt; But there was these greetings being shared. There was a connection. They they had to resist this urge to say, you know what? I don't we just need to, you know, tighten up, buckle up. Remember the great lie. How can we protect this truth? &gt;&gt; And there was this fear that they built walls and they and and all these barriers and they wanted to hide the truth and keep the truth and protect the truth. And the only thing that would do ultimately is just keep the truth from getting out. &gt;&gt; And then once they created these through these man-made controls, their own laboratory, then they could begin to pick at it without consequence, without accountability. And then you create the wrong kind of dynamic and it does become cultish and it does become uh man-led and man-overed. And then people get 30, 40 years down the road and all of a sudden their pastor declares himself to be Elohim. And they're all like, "You're God." God and they start worshiping him because they don't realize the slow boil &gt;&gt; because they get ostracized. They get separated. They get isolated. They're no longer part of this. They're no longer identified with the broader community. They've made their church the church. &gt;&gt; And here it says they had church in their house. It's not the building, but it's the purpose and the utility of what the gathering was for. In Colossians chapter 4:15, salute the brethren which are in Leodysia and Nephas and the church which is in his house. So there's a greetings to the brothers in Leodysia. Greetings to this brother who has church in his home. Greetings to the brother, salute, greetings, salutations, honor to those other Christians. Isn't it amazing how much uh the these things have been watered down to where many anymore we might not even call ourselves Christians. &gt;&gt; And the reason being maybe is because uh and I've even heard it said before. I was there one time when someone said, "Well, uh you know, you can trust him. He's a Christian." And immediately at that moment was like, "What you mean is I shouldn't trust him." Like I I don't I'm kind of stuck because if anyone in my family says, "Oh, you can trust him. He's a preacher." I'm like, "No, no, no, no, no. I'm sorry. He's a lawyer." No, no, no, no, no, no. &gt;&gt; There's You almost don't want to be identified anymore with these names, but really the the true reality of it. &gt;&gt; Are you a Christian? &gt;&gt; There should be something something that we honor in reverence about them. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Salute the brethren which are in Leodysia. These Christian brethren in Fleiman 2, it says to the church in thy house. There's this these are individual churches. When Jesus says in Matthew 18, tell it unto the church. That means a brother in that church in Leodysia or the church in the house of Fiman or Nymphas that they would have been the ones to say in that church tell it to the church. They had their own ways that they would uh work out the relationships one with another. the way that they would uh approach communion and they would have they would have that local dynamic, but there was still this awe and this reverence of the the the fellowship of what Christ brought, &gt;&gt; his church, which is his body. And this these are the verses I've been studying at length. Acts chapter 2 43 to 47. Did I Did I skip over that? Let me see if I got it out of order. Yeah, maybe I didn't. All right, you'll just have to do it with Can you handle being slideless, deckless for a moment? Acts 2:es 43-47. and fear came upon every soul. And many wonders and signs are done by the apostles. And all that believed were together and had all things common. So where we get our idea of commune, all things common. All that believed were together. All that believed in what? Christ as the Messiah were together. It means they agreed together. uh introverts breathe. Doesn't mean that they were always there, right? Boundaries, you know, it wasn't just always there, but they were they agreed together. It says, "And had all things common." And then this is the real this is where gets really nice. And sold their possessions and goods, imparted them to all men as every man had need. And and I wouldn't it be only right that if we all sold everything this year that you would want to take all those proceeds and give them to somebody at least one person who maybe is the I don't know maybe the pastor might be the one to oversee all that. Uh you can just deed the properties to me. Um I'll overlook it from there as we have need. This is where people start to get a little anxious. I'm exploring it from every avenue, legally, socially. What would the blowback be if everyone signed their deeds to me? They sold their possessions and goods and parted them to all men as every man had need. I think maybe that's a phrase to where they're like, just sell everything and we'll figure out the needs later. But as every man had need, they sold their possessions and goods and distributed them. So now there's this mutual care over one another. Just kind of catch catch these points. Had all things common. That means it was something all things common. belonging to all, owned or used jointly. Kind of goes against human nature these days with just how uh much society has advanced. Technology has allowed us to become less communal, &gt;&gt; less and less reliant and dependent upon a centralized uh social uh needs and resources. I mean, we can door dash everything. We can Amazon Prime everything. &gt;&gt; And so, we don't even have to leave our house to do anything. And it's true. &gt;&gt; And some have figured that out. Even in the clear prescription to go to church, they figured out that Zoom will suffice. Streaming will suffice. It It doesn't. &gt;&gt; It doesn't. That's why I do I do admire people that make the sacrifice to where if they're in a place where they don't like the church they're going to, they don't just sit around, they'll find a place where they can go to church. &gt;&gt; I admire that. [clears throat] Continuing. Now, if we continue this in verse 46, continuing daily with one accord, a phrase I'd like to come back to maybe Wednesday night or next Sunday, with one mind and one passion. Continue today with one accord in the temple. So, notice how there's not uh they're not establishing a new religion as much as this is the fulfillment of faith. breaking bread from house to house did eat their meat with gladness and singleness of heart, praising God and having favor with all people. And the Lord added to the church daily such as should be saved. Notice these the identified well say it this way. These things identified the character of this community of Christ. The character as he says of they say in the scripture this fellowship. And what I'd like to just leave with you in our remaining moments we have this morning. going to have several more scriptures to use, but they should be able to go very quickly. What produces this? Should we legislate that everyone sell their goods and and possessions and then we'll redistribute them? Anybody have some Bitcoin? You know, let's just divide it among every our church, if you're a member as of July. So, with the church, that's what we do. Let's market this that we have Bitcoin and anybody who's a record holder of church membership of a certain date will get a distribution event. That'll really pack the seats out there. How how could should it be legislated? You you have to have the same mind and the same passion. I like to golf and you should golf. What's the what how is this? How did they produce this? And I know maybe sometimes the instinct would be, well, they kind of are all the same people anyways. They just kind of change from one multi-level marketing program to another. And you know, this this just this is just how religion works. But there's something deeper that's happening. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; Notice in Acts 2:es 4-12. Verse four, it begins with this announcement that they were filled with the Holy Ghost. Those 120 gathered in the upper room and these as they were filled with the host, they began to speak with other tongues as the spirit gave them utterance. Now, there's a doctrine out there that says that the evidence of the Holy Ghost is speaking in tonesues. It's not scriptural because in the very people that teach that when they speak in tongues, they argue that Acts chapter 2 is the basis for it. But ain't nobody understanding what they're saying in their own language. &gt;&gt; But yet, they still use it as their justification as tongues being the evidence of the Holy Ghost. It's not scriptural. It says, "And there were dwelling at Jerusalem Jews, devout men, notice this, out of every nation under heaven." that that has some significance there because now people from every nation in the world under heaven and and I think it gives some identification to say nation doesn't mean every city and every uh suburb. Now when it was noised abroad the multitude came together and were confounded. So as the as this the uh attraction begins to pick up steam and people hear and they come and they witness that every man heard them speak in his own language. the 120 are speaking in tongues, but now men from abroad, every nation under heaven. So, it wants you to begin to think in terms of different classes of people they heard. And so, they're not just uh they're they're not they're not speaking Hebrew. They are Jews in these other nations that would have learned and had a different tongue. There's at least 15 different nations that are mentioned here, but they're men from every nation under heaven. They hear them speak in their own native tongue, several different languages. Some have said that maybe seven or eight different uh uh languages that are being spoken here. I had to skip right past the six seven and go seven eight because they heard them speak in their own language and they were all amazed and marveled saying one another behold are not all these which speak Galileans and how here we every man in her own tongue wherein we were born. So now it's not uh somebody who is raised in Jerusalem and they got promoted to a job and they got to go run a branch over here in in in Italy and so they're kind of a an expat who's over here and they're really an American at or Israelite at core and they're just trying to make do. No, they're born in that nation culturally, historically, their tongue, a lot of their different things, but yet they they have this religion and they return to uh Jerusalem for this day of Pentecost. And he says, "Now we begin to hear," and it says, notice these words, the parth Parththeians, the Mes, the Elimmites, the dwellers in Mesopotamia and in Judea and Capidoshia, in Pontis and Asia, Fersia, Panilia, in Egypt, in the parts of Libya about Sirene and strangers of Rome, Jews and procelites, cites and Arabians, all these different ones. We do hear them speak in our tongues the wonderful works of God. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; This is moving upon these people. And they were all amazed and were doubt saying one another, "What meanth this?" And it's all these Parthians and me and Elmites, these at Mesopotamia and Jud Judea, these are the ones that hear it. And it says, "What mean this?" This these are the ones that Paul begins to preach to. These are the ones that hear the sermon. And so how is it they were all brought together into and I know maybe there's a little bit of expansion of this to where they would have then uh uh these from other nations and other kingdoms uh having received this gospel at this time. How is it that they came together in the doctrine and fellowship of Christianity? Verse 41. Then they that gladly received his word were baptized. There's no there's no membership in the sense that if you just give me your name and your email addresses and pay and pay $50, you become a member or give us your phone number and you'll earn rewards for every time you come to church and then you can get 0.5% off on tithes or something like that where they, you know, they come up with some sort of formula just to get you to go. They that gladly received his word were baptized. if they gladly received his word. It says, "And were baptized, they did so in obedience to the word, be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ." &gt;&gt; And the same day there were added unto them about 3,000 souls. &gt;&gt; They that gladly received his word were baptized. This is the foundation of the community. &gt;&gt; This is they that believed on Christ and obeyed his word. Without that, without that there is no fellowship. &gt;&gt; That's true. They they could have had moments. They could have had gatherings. They they would have had to been certain parameters and certain dynamics put in place to where these are the rules that we abide by. This is the way things are done. This is what we expect and this is how we can expel you and kick you out. Listen, the body of Christ once you're baptized in it, nobody can remove you from it. &gt;&gt; And so, as there were members that gladly received his word and were baptized, that gave a sense of permanence to that movement, if we could call that. They weren't going to change. Say, you know, we decided that Jesus isn't the Christ. We believe Paul is the Christ. If they did that, what did they do? They changed their movements. They changed their church. They changed their identity. They changed their direction. And they continued together around carnal things. But the church, his body, was established when they gladly received the word and believed on Christ and obeyed him. &gt;&gt; Jesus Christ is this foundation in 1 Corinthians 3:1. For other foundation can no man lay than that is laid, which is Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Matthew 16, upon this rock I will build my church. &gt;&gt; It's the revelation of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; His church is built on the revelation of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; And if the church is built on the revelation of Jesus Christ, the most necessary element for every member of his church, it's the prerequisite. You cannot be a member of his body unless you've received the personal revelation of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Jesus Christ revealed to you. That is the new birth. &gt;&gt; That is what must be preached. Not not to recite a saying, I receive the Lord Jesus Christ as my personal savior. that that's not that that's that's not a it's not just a script that we read, but it's a genuine face-to-face meeting wherein the Holy Spirit gives you a new birth that makes you a member of his body permanently. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; And so to be added to the church, you have to be have the same foundational experience as the church itself had. &gt;&gt; Amen. 1 Corinthians 12:18 he says but now hath God set the members every one of them in the body as if that ple as it hath pleased him. It's in that chapter that he says by one spirit we're all baptized into one body according to as it hath pleased God. &gt;&gt; It's the individuals that make up his body and individuals with that experience are what ideally makes up a church. Amen. &gt;&gt; You realize what kind of gathering it would be if we just abolished the doctrine of the new birth &gt;&gt; or just changed it ever so slightly and kept people from it. &gt;&gt; It does become a lodge. &gt;&gt; It does become a social club. &gt;&gt; It it it no longer becomes what the scriptures envisioned it to be. We can just rally around intellectual concepts and theology and doctrine and say, "Well, do you believe this? Well, do you believe this? Do you believe this? Oh, you don't believe this? Maybe you should think about joining another club. and we distill it down to where that's it becomes very easily attainable markers. &gt;&gt; Just say that I'm right and you can be a part of this church. We can all just say that he's but the real mark of a Christian is a new birth experience. &gt;&gt; The real foundation of any healthy church is people who have that experience &gt;&gt; because God sets every member in the body as it pleases him. By one spirit we're baptized into the body of Christ. Therefore, it's the individuals who receive the same foundational experience that make up his church and that become members of a church. &gt;&gt; As I close, if I could say it this way, Christ was the beginning. He's the beginning of that body. He's the beginning and basis of the community that I'm talking when I use this phrase if it seems to be maybe a modern phrase and it's kind of like a a buzzword. He's the beginning and the basis of this community, this fellowship, the body of Christ, the church. And Christ, the spirit of Christ, if I can say even this new birth and his church that you become a part of are divinely designed as it have pleased God. He's put you in the body. They're divinely designed to meet the needs of every Christian &gt;&gt; of every Christian. God has designed it such I think this is the attitude that we should take that when God has baptized me into the body and I'm a partaker of that spirit and I'm eating of that bread. This is the supernatural side. This is that that body of Christ which is unassalable that the gates of hell cannot prevail against it. When I'm a part of it, God promises to sustain me, promises to feed me, promises to lead me. He gives me the inside teachers to bring me into truth and bring things to my remembrance. That's the benefits of being in that body. And then there's also this church that God then raises up in all sorts of different locations with different dynamics and different ways that they do things, but it serves the members of that body. &gt;&gt; Amen. And through this dynamic, God wants every need you have to be addressed. &gt;&gt; Does that mean we can get Bitcoin this year, Brother Aaron? Well, if it fall, the price falls low enough, might be able to pull that off. But the point is, God has designed it this way. &gt;&gt; People get in trouble when they they stay out of church. That's why I admire people who when they find themselves in a situation where they're out of fellowship, they they find they try to find it somewhere. &gt;&gt; Yeah, it's true. &gt;&gt; We've benefited from that. &gt;&gt; They want to be a part of they want to be a part of something where people love the Lord and the spirit of God is moving and the word is being preached and they want to be a part of that. And they may not realize it's a design and a desire within the heart of a believer. &gt;&gt; When David said, "I was glad when they said unto me, let us go into the house of the Lord." He knew there'd be other people there. So, he wasn't trying to go to get away. &gt;&gt; I'm going to find my little booth and hide in there. No, there was there was this anticipation of like-minded people. &gt;&gt; In Ephesians 4 11-13, his spirit ascends, he sends down gifts and he gave some apostles and some prophets and some evangelists and some pastors and teachers. What What are these gifts? What are some these gifts are given for the church? Amen. &gt;&gt; Because it says, "And for the perfecting of these saints," notice this language, Christ, there's no other foundation that can be laid except Jesus Christ. And now Christ gives gifts. And these gifts are identified with individual ministries, prophets, apostles, evangelists, pastors, teachers. What What are they for? What are they for? To lift up somebody else for the perfecting of the saints, &gt;&gt; for the work of the ministry, for the edifying of the body of Christ. These are things that are happening. Christ being the foundation of the church. Now the body of Christ is being edified till we all come individual members come in the unity of the faith &gt;&gt; and of the knowledge of the son of God unto a perfect man unto the measure of the stature of the fullness of Christ. &gt;&gt; The purpose of this community at large, this church, his church, the purpose of the h the body of Christ, was that each member would edify each other. &gt;&gt; The effectual working as Paul begins to talk about gives edification to itself. Speaking the truth in love. There's a way that we're all growing because the purpose of the community is the unity of the faith and the knowledge of Christ &gt;&gt; to aid in the the building and the shaping and the growing of the Christian into the measure of Jesus Christ, not the measure of the ideal church member of Arizona Believer's Church. &gt;&gt; Like if I would have you look a certain way, I'd want you to dress like my wife. And if you want your example of how to dress, dress like my wife. Oh, I I mean, no, don't do that. I mean, that'd be weird. You know, it's not the that that's not what's being lifted up. That the image is Christ. &gt;&gt; It's true. &gt;&gt; And I believe this is a critical principle that's key to fulfilling our need for community. &gt;&gt; You have that need. If that need's not being met, you'll try to find it. &gt;&gt; That's true. And &gt;&gt; so I would say this, even as a church, if we fail to recognize that you have a a a need, a deep need for social connection, well, you just need to be born again. Come for the word and the word only. We're going to make it as dry as we can make it just to make sure nobody's here for personality. Make sure you're here for all the right reasons. We're going to get We're going to No more song service. that there there's we don't try to we're not going to try to make it hard on you to come, &gt;&gt; but we certainly don't want to make it easy for you to come for all the wrong reasons, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; Anybody say, "Don't worry, brother Aaron. If you got a problem, you may be a little bit on the other side. &gt;&gt; But the point is there is a there is a need. There's a need that we have. Our children have that need. If they begin to feel a little left out, they don't feel apart, then they're going to have they're going to try to find that place where say, I I like being around these people." And trust me, there's going to be groups and identities and platitudes and movements and all sort of things that are going to try to begin to work on them solely from the standpoint of trying to create common ground. &gt;&gt; And they may find it, but that will never fully satisfy the need you have socially because it bypasses the most critical principle that Christ was the beginning. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; And that's what holds this church together. That's what we should rally around. That's what we must come back to. Because when we have a church full of different families and different backgrounds, different desires, different favorite teams, different favorite foods, all these different things that we like to do, and somehow we kind of all show up and how is it we get along really at the end of the day, the reason why, this is for the the young people, the reason why your parents get along is is not because we enjoy the same video games, though we do. I'm assuming maybe perhaps not because we all eat at Ritos and you should not because we all drive Teslas or we all are Cardinals fans. Woohoo. Right. That's not what make that's they may have a lot of things that we get along in but at the end of the day there's this love that we have for the word. &gt;&gt; And what I love about the friendships I have in this church is it's never hard to come to that. We talk about a lot of things, &gt;&gt; but it's never hard to come back to the word &gt;&gt; because at the end of the day, that is what brings us together. &gt;&gt; And recognize this and maybe maybe the burden will just be shared in this very this very moment. Recognize this that if your children don't have that same experience, &gt;&gt; they're not having the same connection with each other &gt;&gt; that we as adults have with one another. Therefore, we have to be ever so conscious of what kind of things we lift up, what kind of things we allow to have the preeminence, the kind of things that we whether you say support or promote on the things that we now begin to focus our children on because I don't want to force them to be friends with Elliott. &gt;&gt; Amen. I'm not trying not trying to force them to get along with certain people, &gt;&gt; but to find that heart of Christ which would allow you to see the need in others, to have a deeper love for others, a connection that transcends whether or not we all like Minecraft or whether or not we all like sports or whether or not we all like to do this or whether or not we all have the same social economic class. Those things begin to lose their distinction when the love of God begins to have the preeminence. Amen. &gt;&gt; I believe that the strength of any church is this common experience of individuals who have met Jesus Christ face to face. &gt;&gt; And that because we'll explore this maybe in greater detail that becomes the foundation of community. &gt;&gt; Let's stand together. Musicians if you could come to your instruments. I appreciate you allowing me the opportunity today just to begin to express my heart on this subject matter and trust that the Lord will give us a a greater vision as leaders in our home in our families as individuals. I want there to be more ways that you can feel a part of the church recognizing that you you do have um a social need and maybe we don't we might not have a lot of young people or young couples or even u older adults that are similarly situated but there's ways that I believe our church can work together to build community and then the the more that we are able to grow in these things, the better prepared we are to reach others in a different community of Phoenix [music] and and other needs that exist in the and other common areas. So God God uses I I want our church to be an opportunity for other young people in the state of Arizona [music] to be edified, to be encouraged, to be strengthened. No designs on trying to grow our church membership or uh get ourselves some likes on Instagram. No, the desire is that this basis Christ could be lifted up. &gt;&gt; Lord, help us to do that. If you need prayer today, just bow your heads, lift your hands. I think the sermon can hit home in a many different ways, but we'll pray for you. Our gracious heavenly father, today, Lord, as we close this service, we're desirous that your Holy Spirit would turn these things over in our hearts. Lord, I would say that such an attentive audience today, Lord, [music] were listening. They weren't falling asleep. They weren't daydreaming. They were listening. So, these words have registered in their minds. But now, Lord, may it just begin to turn over into their hearts. May there be a a quickening, an understanding. [music] And Lord, I pray that as we have been given this precious opportunity to be a part of something beyond ourselves, beyond our individual family, that we could treasure your church, your body, that we're not alone, [music] and better understand this dynamic of a support body, a local body. Just as there was dozens of church churches that existed in the days of the New Testament being written, Lord, today we exist in a world where we're not the only church that's right. We're not the only church in Arizona that's got it right. Lord, we exist only because there are genuine members of the body of Christ that live in Arizona. If they weren't here, Lord, we wouldn't want to be here [music] unless you called us to be a a mission or an outreach or an evangelist. But Lord, you didn't call this church to just be a mission to get people off the streets. You've called us to lead your people in [music] this end time according to your word, speaking the truth and love, that they would grow up, not just be introduced to Jesus of the Bible, not just be introduced to the red letter, not just accept Christ as their savior, but they could grow up into you in all things. &gt;&gt; So Lord, we have a responsibility to that body. And Lord, may we not be so arms length and distant that believers are trying to find that sense of family and community outside [music] of the family and community they share in the word at this church. And may give us a vision. Lord, as [music] pastor, as a family in this church, Lord, help me to understand better how we could meet the needs of the people. Lord, I don't believe in a social gospel and I don't believe that people should solely come for social reasons. But Lord, I do realize that as parents come to church for the word, there can be teenagers who come who have not fully experienced the depths of your word. And Lord, they have to be met where they are. So Lord, may we have a grace and patience in our hearts that creates the right [music] kind of atmosphere. It's able to encourage the right things with our young people so that they feel heard and seen and loved. Lord, if we're to make our homes at a certain point a happy place where our children want to be there, Lord, then I believe church should be that way. Not that we would compromise in our home. Therefore, Lord, we would never compromise in the church, but let us not become cold and formal and indifferent and legalistic. Let us not try to become so wild that we just want to attract young people and hold them. So, Lord, it's no no holds barred and anything goes and so we just try to be cool. But Lord, may we just find that heart, that perfect [music] balance. Bless us today, Lord, as we approach the feet washing and communion this evening. Be with us, Father. [music] So, we'll be dismissed so families can go and take part in their lunch and the different things that they have need of, but Lord, may we [music] return this afternoon and enjoy your presence with one another. We love you and we [music] ask all this in the name of Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.
