################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-01-21 - Bro. Joseph Gordon Where Would I Go from Your Presence - Joseph Gordon.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-01-21
Title:    Bro. Joseph Gordon: Where Would I Go from Your Presence?
Speaker:  Joseph Gordon
Church:   Arizona Believers Church
Type:     Short Clip
Duration: 35m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1fOXZi-a9Wg
========================================

Description:
Bro. Joseph Gordon
Where Would I Go from Your Presence?
Wednesday Service: January 21, 2026
Arizona Believers Church
https://azbelievers.com/
---
Backup Live Stream:
https://azbelievers.com/live-streaming/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
And the uh title of the thought today um it's based uh based upon this uh the scripture right here in Psalm Psalm 139 is where would I go from your presence? So it's a question &gt;&gt; Psalm 139 and I get my book marker. Okay. Oh Lord, thou hast searched me and known me. Thou knowest my downsitting and mine uprising. Thou understandest my thought a far off. Thou compastest my path and my lying down and art acquainted with all my ways. For there is not a word in my tongue, but lo, oh Lord, thou knowest it altogether. Thou hast beset me behind and before and laid thine hand upon me. Such knowledge is too wonderful for me. It is high. I cannot attain unto it. Whether shall I go from your spirit, or wheither shall I flee from thy presence? If I ascend up into heaven, thou art there. If I make my bed in hell, behold, thou art there. If I take the wings of the morning and dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea, even there shall thy hand lead me, and thy right hand shall hold me. If I say, Surely the darkness shall cover me. Even the night shall be light about me. Yay, the darkness hideth not from thee, but the night shineth as the day. The darkness and the light are both alike to bee. You may be seated. So we have this thought here of where would I go from your presence? And if we'd go and open up a dictionary or even if we just stop and think about it for a moment, you know, what would it mean to be in the presence of someone or something? You know, normally we think about it is that you're actually in some kind of vicinity of them like I'm in the presence of all of you people right here because I'm physically present. you're physically present and not only does present mean that you know you're in that vicinity of someone right it means to be in the company of someone or something but it also means to be in sight so whether will I go from thy spirit or whether shall I flee from thy presence or where would you go where you would not be in the presence of God or at least within or at least within his sight. Right? So one thing that we some of the scriptures to go along with this about the presence of God is that in numbers 14 uh 21 it says but as truly as I live all the earth shall be filled with the glory of God of the Lord. So we just think of this marvelous thing right here in the entire earth filled with the glory of the Lord. I tell you what, as the heart of believers, that's just something that would even thrill us to even have that scripture declaring that right there, right? Because it's something that we so long for, right? Is the presence of God because we have things come upon us, things that squeeze us, things that oppress us. Is that it makes that feeling of that presence go away from us to the point to where brother Brandon would even preach a sermon, the presence of God unrecognized. But one of the things for us to believe is to realize is that despite what we feel or despite what we are oppressed and squeezed by, his presence is always there. Though maybe in our mortal flesh, we may not sense it or recognize it or whatn not, but he's there for us. Uh in Psalms 72:19, it says, "And blessed be his glorious name forever, and let the whole earth be filled with his glory. Amen and amen." 1st Chronicles 16:27, "Glory and honor are in his presence. Strength and gladness are in his place." And finishing up with Psalm 16:11, it says, "Thou wil show me the path of life, and thy presence is fullness of joy. At thy right hand there are pleasures forever more." So, we can just go from even our personal experience and taking in the words of life right here in the scripture. We can see what a blessed thing it is for us as believers to be in the presence of the Lord. the glory of the Lord filling the whole earth. You know, there is uh there's glory and honor in his presence. He'll show us the path of life. There's fullness of joy in his presence. You know, at our right hand, there are pleasures of ever more. And we just see all these things just listed out in scripture to the point to where you wonder why would any mortal even desire to go out of the presence of the Lord. But it's a very strange and curious thing about us as human beings. It has to do with the nature that we're born uh with. something that God has to change out himself to give us a new spirit and a and a new heart, right? And put his spirit within us. Because despite these things, it's in the nature of man to not go to God, but to flee from him. As strange that as that is, here's the one who has life, who has joy, who has gladness, who has goodness. Every good thing that you can think of, right, that is wholesome and is not wicked comes from this great fountain of life. But there's just something in the nature of man when just the nature he's born with just just wants to flee right right by that. Right? It's almost like someone almost cutting off their own nose just just because it just the the thing that hits them. Right? Why? That's good. That's bad for you, right? That's not good. It's hurtful. It's painful. But that's the very nature of man is to run away from the very thing that would help him. And we even see this is that it's normally man leaving the presence of God and not God leaving man. to kind of qualify that because it sounds strange because your mind might go to a couple of examples like for instance Saul and the presence of God leaving Saul. True. That's exactly right. The presence of God leaving Saul. But if you stop and think about for a moment who left who first. It was Saul departing from God. So really who departed from who? It was Saul departing from the word of the Lord. &gt;&gt; It was departing from the commandments of God. And that's the reason why God pulled back from him. The nation of Israel. We can see why did God or uh when the ark was captured and and uh and uh I forget which one of the priests when his child was born the mother named him Kabad. The glory of God has departed. Really? Why did the glory of God departed? Because they were the ones who departed from the law. They departed from the Lord and the because of that as a result of the consequence God pulled back from him. So some more examples of that. For instance, if we let's uh deal with Cain for a little bit. We're dealing with this thought of man leaving the presence of God. Now, this is a really curious one. If you're not too uh careful, uh you'll end up skipping over these scriptures, but we have Cain. You know, he's the twin uh the older twin brother of uh of Abel. You know, his father is the serpent, not Adam. And then we have Abel, whose uh father is um is uh Adam and not the serpent. And we see these two sons, they uh they grow up. One has a nature and the longing to serve God in just the way that's revealed to him. and what's shown to him giving a blood sacrifice and Cain what's in his heart. Well, to reject that and to go his own way and to present what? Fruit of the field. Now, here's the curious thing right here is that even though his father is the serpent and he has that nature in him, God in his grace and his mercy even reaches out and deals with Cain. I don't know if maybe if you've read this uh recently or whatnot or even remember this, but here's some incredible things. even God himself reaching up to Cain, this literal seed of the serpent. It says in Genesis 4 6 and 7, "And the Lord said unto Cain, why aren't there a wroth? And why is that countenance fallen?" The reason why Cain was wroth is that he seen that Abel's sacrifice was accepted and his was rejected. So that made him really upset and really angry, right? Angry in his countenance. But here's the incredible thing is that God in his fornowledge knowing who this man is, who his father is, knowing what this man will do and reject him and even murdering his brother, we see how God even deals with this literal sea of the serpent. Why do I like this example so much is that it's a good thing, an example and a lesson for us believers on how we deal with people in the world. We just don't reject them and push them away, right? We treat each and every single individual as if they have the potential to receive the word that we have been given and we present it to them. Now, of course, you know, God will deal with you on actually how to interact with them. But that's the attitude we have is that is that we're not trying to figure out, you know, is this seed of God or seed of the serpent? No, we push that away. God wants us to have the attitude of to deal with each and every individual on the same playing field because that's what God did himself to this literal seed of the serpent Cain. And he said in verse 7 of chapter 4 in Genesis, if thou dost swell, shalt thou not be accepted. And if thou dost not will, sin lith at the door. And unto thee shall be his desire, and thou shalt rule over him. So you even see this offer right here is that is that God himself in such grace and mercy to Cain, right? Wasn't even saying that you even have to understand what you're doing. You don't even have to have a revelation. You just have to do what I said. Ju just just follow what I'm doing. Just obey the literal word that I am telling you. And not only that, but he told him promised him that Abel that he would rule over his brother Abel. Such grace and mercy that God offered to this man Cain, right? And so just one thing I really like about this because that that's the same thing for us believers of those that we interact with, right? That grace and that mercy, that spirit of God, that life that's within us, right? We're just willing to offer it. is is that you know what just just come just believe you don't understand it that's fine just have respect to it in fact we can even see in scripture what respect for the word of god will do for a person one of my favorite examples of that is of the sarapheneician woman is that here we have Christ who is he first sent to he sent to the lost sheep of the house of Israel he's not even sent to the gentiles the time the door to the gentiles is closed well it's not closed like it was open but it's not even open yet and here we have this gentile Gentile woman in one hand coming out of season to Christ himself addressing him wrong. She addresses him as the son of David. He is son of David but not son of David to her. &gt;&gt; If you notice blind Barnameus didn't get uh did not get rebuked. He was an Israelite. He was blind. He was and he called him thou son of David. Have mercy upon me. That was correct. He is a Jew. He was son of David uh to him but not to this gentile woman. And not only that, but when he she comes to plead her cause and to get healing for her daughter and she actually starts uh drops the son of David part and addresses him as Lord. But then what is his first response? His first response is not welcome. I will address your need. His first response to her is one of a harsh rebuke calling her a dog. Right? Could you imagine right if you would come to someone who could help you uh maybe pray for you or do something to you and the first thing they would call you is a dog. I'm not sent to you dogs. That would be quite shocking to each and every one of us. And I know if that was me myself, it would set me back for a moment and I'd have to recalibrate my thinking because it's like, wow. Because that is, you know, we have dogs as pets. But if you take it back in the time, you know, being called a dog is a very, very low and degrading thing. But if you notice, what did this woman do? She actually had respect for the word. And what did it do to her? It released life to her. She acknowledged that he was correct. She said that that's true. I'm a dog. Right? And so what do we see is that by having respect to the Lord, coming into his presence and having respect to his word regardless of what he calls you, you know, you're a you're a sinner, you're a rascal has to go make things right. You've done so many dirty deeds. You have, you know, you have to go make things right. What? You have two things. A person would reject that. What? It'd be death to them. But if they say, you know, Lord, you're right. I've done many, many evil and terrible things and I'll go do my best to make every single thing I know to make right make it right. You know what that would do? That releases life to you because you come into his presence and you acknowledging the word is right regardless of what it tells you. So to read this out of uh the sermon all all the days of the life brother Brandham tells us it says and when men today try to say that they don't have to have the Holy Ghost today that you can see what kind of a state that man is in. He wants to be religious though, but he wants it in his own way. And he's so much like Cain. Cain wanted to be religious. So he went and made his own religion. And when he did, he brought it before God was something like this. Here's the best I got. This is all I can do about it. Now take it or leave it. Right? So where did he get that nature from? From his father or the serpent. But despite having that nature in him, God still dealt with him. God still put him through the process giving him the opportunity to accept and to reject because one thing to think of in scripture we have fornowledge and we have predestination but don't think that those do away with the process that the process that you and I still have to go through a good example of this if you look at our the Lord Jesus Christ coming up through his crucifixion we see the great prophecy in Genesis 3:15 that the seed of the woman would crush the he his heel would crush the head of the serpent and the serpent would bruise his heel, right? And then all the prophecies coming down through the great stream of time through the Old Testament. But then we get through this great crucial hour, this climax, a single point in time. We see Christ agonizing in the garden of Gethsemane. He's he's fornown to go to the cross, right? He's predestinated to come through this, but it comes to that great crucial time. And we even see Christ is that father if it be if it could be by your will I could bypass this. Please let me do it. I know it was quite the literal words but that's the context right there. Right. Just just think about that right there. Why? Because despite that fornowledge and predestination still have to go through that process. Now God knowing through the stream of time knowing what would happen what would unfold but still you and I we still have to go through that process. There's decisions that we have to make to where even you can find in the message brother Brandham even saying is that God doesn't make all of our decisions for us. &gt;&gt; And not only that, but he said talking about laying down evil spirits. He said, "I want to get rid of this evil spirit on me." Well, you have to be willing to lay it down. There are things, there are decisions, there are things that you and I must do. Though fornown, though predestinated, we have things to do. It's not pushing us through a pipe, right? But it's us overcoming. Because it says in uh Revelations 19:7, what? Talking about the marriage of the lamb coming. But what does it say? It says that his bride, his wife has made herself ready. Made herself ready. What? Getting dressed in the word. So what does that mean? You and I mean that means, you know, we read our Bibles and pray and listen to messages and take that as best as we can, we apply that in our life. And where we make mistakes, we say that we're sorry and we repent of our sins. just a whole full life of doing and action and Christian living. So to freedom for this quote, it says, "That's about the way man does today. I help build the church. I send my children to church there. I put money in it every year." Now, that's the best I can do. Take it or leave it. Oh, see, he wants his own way. That's the way Cain did. But this was what I found this quote was very, very striking to me. But God still loved him. &gt;&gt; Just think about that for a moment. Cain, the son of the serpent, but God still loved him. You know, for God so loved the world, he gave his only begotten son. And it kind of even just even shows shows that that reflects out that attitude for us is that if God could love him, then that means our lost brothers and sisters out there, we love them too and just even just be ready for an opportunity to witness to them, just say a word, even pray for them and reach out to them. But God still loved him and he still went after him. That's another crucial part. He loved him and he went after him. What did God tell Cain? [clears throat] You'll do well if you'll just worship like your brother Abel. Abel, come God's way. But Cain wanted his way. And God said, "Now Cain, I've got nothing against you. If you'll just come over and go the way that Abel goes, you'll do well." But what did he do? He made that fatal decision. He murdered his He turned down God's opportunity. He murdered his brother. And in Genesis 4:16, "And Cain went out from the presence of the Lord and dwelt in the land of Nod on the east of Eden." [clears throat] One more example from uh another example of scripture there of someone instead of coming to well actually coming to then going away from the presence of the Lord uh is the rich young ruler. It's in Mark 10:es 21-22 and it reads, "Then Jesus beholding him loved him." You know, just to pause right there is that you'll notice this right here, you know, from about Cain, brother Bram saying that why did God do that? He loved him. And we have right here in the scripture in the Bible that's right in front of you. He was the rich young ruler. He came and told all the commandments that he kept. He kept these from his youth. Then Jesus beholding him, loved him. &gt;&gt; Right? So that even almost just is another very like uh uh principle is that God loves you, but there's something that you have to do back, right? God is a gentleman. He does not force a decision upon you on what to do and where to go. Now that's not even just completely at salvation. That's the most crucial point because that determines your eternal destination, heaven or hell, right? But you know even daytoday living and where to go and where not to go whether you obey or whether you disobey is that Jesus looks or God looks upon you and he loves you and he has a way for you to go but he doesn't force it upon you. He makes the offer and you and I have to make that decision have to make that choice. Now what allows us to make that decision make that choice is not within the strength of our own flesh but because the word of God opens the way for us. One of the little illustrations I like to give about that is that for instance, if we had these lights and we had no light switches, I would have no ability to turn them on or off unless I went to the breaker box or cut a power line or something. But we'll we'll we'll leave that aside and just deal with the inside of the room. If I didn't have any light switches, I would have no ability to turn the lights on or off. However, because there were switches, I don't know if it's those, but any of these switches that control the lights, I can go, right? Because I have been enabled to flip the switch. That's what the word of God does to us. It tells us things. It lays out a path and it enables us, right? We can make the choice and because it tells us something, we can go and do it. For instance, coming back to Revelations 19:7, that's the reason why we as the bride of Jesus Christ can make oursel ready because the word told us so, right? And he gave us a Bible to make ourselves ready. He gave us he uh restored the the faith, the original faith to us through a prophet messenger so we can feed upon that and know what this Bible says and have the correct understanding of what God meant. Why is that? It's God's word enabling us to make ourselves ready. So then Jesus beholding him loved him and said unto him, "One thing thou lackest. Go thy way, sell whatsoever thou hast and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven. Come take up the cross and follow me." And he was sad at that saying, and went away grieved, where he had great possessions. You just see what a marvelous opportunity he called. he turned down is that here in just the sincerity and honesty within his heart here he comes he comes into the presence of God here is God on earth in the body of flesh and here he gives Jesus gives him a marvelous opportunity he gives him that opportunity to be a disciple probably uh probably I would say even maybe even one of the original apostles but then because of that love of his things he turned it down you know it's very easy to almost just read the scripture and to criticize But that's the same thing that comes through us through our journey of life. We have this opportunity to come and to serve Christ, right? And there's so many things that we take and that will pull on us and pull us out of the way. I just re even remember my own self a number of years ago and being filled with lots and lots of worldly ambition and trying to climb up a corporate ladder at the company I used to work for. Right? That's not of God. That's the appetite of the flesh. a desire to just to go and to go and to just be something in this world. But then God came my way and gave me an opportunity to be a servant of his and it was an opportunity that I took and it completely changed and well quite frankly rearranged my life to where putting me into a place and moved me into a place I never thought I would be. Why? Because he came and I said yes instead of and that's the same thing for each and every one of us here today is that God presents us opportunities if we take it. It's a place of growth, a place of advancements, a place that we grow spiritually. We never want to be spiritually stagnant and get comfortable and whatnot. We always want to be in a position where Lord, whatever wherever you wherever you want to take me, whatever you want to do, that I'm willing to do. &gt;&gt; And those aren't always comfortable places that he takes us. It's a lot of sharp rocks and hard hills and uh hard hills to climb and places of fear and anxiety and whatnot to where the only thing that you have that's just keeping you is that precious seed word right through your hand of that light of his word is that you look at it and the stress and the anxiety and realizes that this is the only thing I have. &gt;&gt; This is the only thing keeping me alive. This is the only thing that is pulling me through. If I let go of this, I'm done. Lord, I've hitched my wagon to the oxen of your word and I'm trusting Lord that you'll pull me through. &gt;&gt; Some of those who went into the presence of God, we discussed the Sarapheneician woman. Now would for instance discuss the Apostle Paul for a little bit. You can imagine what a curious case this is right here. We have a man trained up in the law to where when Christianity comes along, this is complete and utter nonsense and heresy to the point to where he goes and actually kills the Christian and just honest earnest religious zeal. We can imagine what it meant to Paul when he finally came into that presence of that great light, the Lord Jesus Christ returned into a pillar of fire. He come into our presence and we seen one who was the murderer. One who would kill the church and think it was a heresy completely made a complete change and it became the greatest honor in his life to serve this body and to serve this church and not only that but be apostle not just to his own people but to the Gentiles. A people that his religion would reject and would push away. But now it became a great honor and a great mission. He suffered tremendous and greatly. But why? because he willingly bore the reproach of Jesus Christ. Coming into the presence of God, some will come and turn away and it's death to them. Other will come and it becomes life to them even to the point of the strain and the anxiety that they have to go through to serve him. But it's the greatest honor in their life and a great honor and willingness to do it. And it's not just for him but it's even for all of us. Maybe we may not go through the tremendous sufferings or have the tremendous work that great that St. Paul did. But each and every one in the journey of path of life, you have a decision that we make. Choose Christ or reject Christ. Go the way of the Lord's despised few or turn aside from it. Maybe it would be a small thing. Maybe it would be a large thing. But each and every one of you, there's a decision. Go into the presence of God or to go away from it. &gt;&gt; Right? &gt;&gt; So to go on uh in Psalm 139, we'll skip down to verses uh 8-10. So the scripture also reads, "If I ascend up into heaven, thou art there. If I make my bed in hell, in hell, behold, thou art there. If I take the wings of the morning and dwell in the uttermost parts of the sea, even there shall thy hand lead me, and thy right hand shall hold me." It's just the striking thing here to me is right there in verse eight. He says, "If I make my bed in hell, behold, thou art there." You would think, you know, hell would be one place that you definitely wouldn't find God. But you even hear the scriptures telling us to say, "If I make my bed in hell, behold, thou art there." It's just something worth pondering and thinking about because as we go along this journey of life, we have so many things that come up against us to where we know by the word that his presence is with us, that we have his promised word. But in the terms of day-to-day reality, you know, there's those times to where you feel the fear and the anxiety just washing over you and it's just just so much a strain and a stress. But we see here from the scripture, it says, "If I make my bed in hell, behold, thou art there." And it's something to just hold steady in your heart and mind is that even if you don't feel the Lord, even if you don't feel that presence, he's promised that even if that bed was in hell, he said he would be there. &gt;&gt; Amen. And just in Jonah chapter 2:es 1-9 just illustrates this so well. I'll read the whole thing is Jonah. He's just been taken into the belly of the well. And u and this is a prayer that uh that he that he prayed. Then Jonah prayed unto the Lord his God out of the fish's belly and said, "I cried by reason of mine and affliction unto the Lord. And he heard me out of the belly uh and he heard me. Out of the belly of hell, cried I, and thou heardest my voice. [clears throat] For thou had for thou hastest cast me into the deep, in the midst of the sea, and the floods can pass me about. All thy billows and thy waves pass over me. Then I said, I am cast out of thy sight. Yet will I look uh again toward thy holy temple. The waters can pass me about, even to the soul. The depth closed me round about. The weeds were wrapped about my head. I went down to the bottoms of the mountains. The earth with her bars was about me forever. Yet hast thou brought up my life from corruption, oh Lord my God. When my soul fainted within me, I remembered the Lord, and my prayer came in unto thee into thine holy temple. They that observe lying vanities forsake their own mercy. Well, I will sacrifice unto thee with the voice of thanksgiving. I will pay that that that I have vowed. Salvation is of the Lord. And in the sermon in the message, a a man running from the presence of the Lord. Brother Brandham tells us, and remember when Jonah went, God was in the boat. God was in the storm. God was in the fish. He went on being right along with Jonah until his perfect will was done. That's right. &gt;&gt; So that's why you remember as a believer, no matter where you go or what you do, God is there. whether you feel him or not. And there's very times where even being a believer and being in right standing with God, there's times that get so intense that you don't quite feel that presence near you. But we what we see here from scripture, we even see here from what the prophet told us is that God is there. He was there in the storm. He was there in the fish, right? He's there right there in the belly right there with uh with uh Jonah. It says, "If I send up to heaven, thou art there. If I make my bed in hell, behold, thou art there. [clears throat] And to finish up on this uh little portion right here is Psalm 139 11 and 12. [snorts] If I say, "Surely the darkness shall cover me," even the night shall be light about me. Yay, the darkness hideth not from thee, but the night shineth as the day. The darkness and the light are both alike to thee. In John 6:44, it says, "No man can come to me except the Father which hath sent me. Draw him and I will raise him up at the last day." Amen. &gt;&gt; You know, it says, "Surely the darkness shall cover me." You know, even with the seed of God in the believer's heart, all of us have to come through the blood of the cross. Each of us were born in sin shapen in iniquity. And that's actually two different places in Psalms there for that actual thought right there. Right? So we all have to come through the blood of the cross and we all have to repent of our sins and we all have to be born again and have that nature ch uh changed out of us. Says surely the darkness shall cover me even the night shall be light about me. Right? So when you come into this world you're in a mass of uh darkness not light around you even though you may be raised up in church in a message believing home doesn't matter. Every single one of us, regardless of where which family you're born into, you're born into into a darkness and that darkness has you have to come into light. But we see here in the scripture, it says, "Surely the darkness should cover me. Even the night shall be light about me." It's just one of those marvelous things is that no matter how dark it is around you is that God sees you. Right? Even though just a very simple principle that you that you know but just kind of emphasizing this because if it just really just dropped down into your heart is that what does it mean to be a believer? What does that meant to you in your life? Right? You know that means that God knew you. He knew he had a son. He knew he had a daughter that he had to go get and he came to you. That darkness around you did not hide you from him. He came to you. That light was around you. Why did you come to him? Because it was in John 6:44. It says, "No man can come to me except the father which hath sent me draw him." That's the reason why the darkness that was around you when you was a sinner was light. Because this word that was spoken many thousands of years ago by the Lord himself and written on ink and paper for us to read. Him speaking out this word right here made the darkness that you was in to be light to him. Right? Because he knew you and he drew you. because he drew you and you was in his heart is the reason why the darkness around you was light. In the message, the resurrection of Jerus's daughter, it says, "You're a Christian not because you sought God, but because God sought you." That's right. See, man can't seek God. He just can't. It's his nature to be a sinner. So, just like a pig, tell him he's wrong eating sloppy couldn't do it. He's a pig to begin with. So, you couldn't change that. He's just but God seeks after man and man comes to God and when he comes to God he gives him everlasting life and though there we are helpless in the muck and mire of sin and we have God seeking us right we cannot help ourselves as God helping us to come to him and just this beautiful quote right here from the law having a shadow he brother Brandham tells us so then if the worshipper under the law could not be purged because that the lamb was only a shadow and he went away with the same desire. Yet it was speaking correctly to the right lamb coming. And then when God sent his lamb and he died and the worshipper then coming putting his hands by faith upon the bleeding locks of the Lord Jesus and can in your heart appreciate that he was the only thing that could ever come and redeem you. And you'd be lost and gone to hell and then to appreciate his love for you when you were unlovable. appreciate his fornowledge of you that you'd have a heart to do it and appreciate his leading of the Holy Spirit to bring you to that place to accept it and you lay your hands upon him by faith and renounce your own life as a sinner and accept his life instead of the blood of Jesus uh and accept his life instead. The blood of Jesus Christ then cleanses you and the life that was in the blood cell of Christ which was none other than God himself, the Holy Spirit, comes back onto your life and coincides with your body and you act and walk a Christian life till the day you leave the world and the devil couldn't touch you if he had to. Amen. Every promise in the book is yours then you just some of the nuggets right here just so many different details in here. Just one of them that just particularly stood out was was and then to appreciate his love for you when you were unlovable. Appreciate his fornowledge of you that you'd have a heart to do it. &gt;&gt; Right? Not that you had the ability [clears throat] to do it, but there's somehow he saw down the stream of time that if you would be offered and he would come to you that you have that heart and desire right there. And on that basis right there, he predestinates you to salvation. Because don't think it's any other way. is that even if you would have a heart to do it, you have an enemy who's definitely bent on keeping you from it. So God just seeing what he didn't have to set up his program like that, right? Sovereign God, sovereign Lord. What does sovereignty mean? That means nothing is above. Nothing tells it what to do. It does what he wants to do, right? But then we have a sovereign Lord in his grace and mercy set up his program that he sees that if you would have a heart to do it. He's saying, you know what, I'll make a way for you. &gt;&gt; Amen. And God is just so incredible because we even see in this grace and mercy of God that even for those who wouldn't even have a heart to do it and his justice he would still even offer them the opportunity. He would offer a cane. He would offer the rich young ruler. You can even go through the many many sermons of uh of brother Brandam even see talked about people having the opportunity and turning it down. But then but God making a special case for us, a way for us is that seeing would have a heart to do and just making that way and making sure we come into his presence. You know, it's just such a marvelous thing and we just it's just such a thing we just should just savor and just appreciate is that God in our helpless condition coming to us. Us having a pig nature or the nature of a sinner loving the things of the world where maybe there's a desire and a something tugging around our heart to serve God. Maybe something kind of longing coming in presence of God but just no ability in ourselves to actually go and do it. That what does God do? and his grace and his mercy comes and he changes you out. He put his word inside of you to what? To enable you to enable me to live this word. In fact, you can find one one place where brother random tells us he said, you know, the only advantage that we have over Satan is that we can live this word. He cannot, &gt;&gt; right? He can debate it with us. He's a very smart intellectual being. He could debate it with us. Probably tie us up in knots. But we have one advantage over him as believers that we can live this word and we cannot. And that's very often the stream of time is not get caught into arguments and debates with people, but just let it come down to the real crucial thing. &gt;&gt; You may argue and debate with me, but what is your life? &gt;&gt; My life is manifesting Christ. You're manifesting argument. &gt;&gt; Now, as a Christian, you may not come out and quite say that, but but you know what? you your life will actually prove prove whether it's right or not and that's the real crucial thing is that we come into the presence of God and it becomes reality into our hearts not necessarily reality in our minds but reality in our hearts where we live the word we live it day in and day out whether we're up or whether we're low we live and we live the word &gt;&gt; you know what um that's all I have right there so we'll stop right there [laughter] God bless too. Hope it wasn't uh too awkward for you. Um, you know, definitely been ministering for for a little bit, but actually I would say this is definitely a bit been a while since uh speaking to a group of people of uh of of your caliber. So, God bless you and I really appreciate you. So, uh resilience we come and um I don't sing so [applause]
