################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-09-04 - The Earnest Of The Holy Spirit    Pastor Katumba James     09.04.2024 - Katumba James.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2024-09-04
Title:    The Earnest Of The Holy Spirit  |  Pastor Katumba James  |   09.04.2024
Speaker:  Katumba James
Church:   Inner Veil Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 19m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dCqkcHqjqJA
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
ing. Hallelujah. To God and brother, sister, you your hopes on things. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] [Applause] [Music] So [Music] why it [Music] quiet. [Music] [Music] [Music] Why we are together [Applause] again just praising the Lord. Oh, we are together again. Anyone something good is going to happen. Something good is in us. So we are together again. Just praising the Lord. Oh, we are together again. [Applause] Just praising the Lord. We are together [Applause] again. Where anyone want to go where something good is going to happen. Something good is in us. We are together again. Just praise them. We are together again. We are together again. Oh, just praise the Lord. Oh, we are together again. Something is going to happen. Sing is in the storm. We are together again. Just praising the Lord. Praising the Lord. Amen. Let us pray. Father, we thank you for this evening for the grace you've given unto us to come into your presence. You said where two or three are gathered in your name, they are in their midst. Lord we believe you in our midst. May you therefore speak to our hearts father that your purpose may be fulfilled in our lives our preeminence upon this service. We also pray for those who are traveling. Bring them to be part of the service and bless us all together. Love you Lord. We thank you Lord in the name of the Lord Jesus this. Amen. Amen. I greet in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. You are welcome for this service. Praise the name of our Lord. Brother M. You are welcome from Cami and he's helping us. Praise the name of the Lord. Let us go to 2 Corinthians chapter 1 and then we're reading verse 20 to verse 22. The Bible says for all the promises of God in him are yeah and in him amen and to the glory of God by us. 2 Corinthians chapter 1 verse 20. [Music] Now he which establishes us with you in Christ has anointed us is God. who has also sealed us and given the earnest of the spirit in our hearts of his word. We may be seated. So I want to talk about the earnest of the Holy Spirit. the earnest of the Holy Spirit. Now the earnest is a down payment. Praise the name of our Lord. It's not like you make a deposit on something that you desire. So now the Bible is telling us that we are given the Holy Spirit as a as the earnest as the down payment. And what does the down payment mean? That there is more that is going to come. So now God fills us with the Holy Spirit and then it's an indication that there is more that is going to do for us. There is more that is going to give to us. There is more that is going to fill with us. And you see the hol when the Holy Spirit comes in your life, it confirms to you that you are eternal. You are not a person of just a time. And you see the goodness of the Lord that he gives us the Holy Spirit while we are still living in these mortal bodies, while we are still living in these natural bodies. And then the Holy Spirit goes and fills our hearts. And then the Bible says the hidden man of the heart like let us look at this scripture pastor will make it clearer for us in first Peter chapter 3. Praise the name of our Lord. Brother, if you can help me with some water need to drink water. First Peter chapter 3. And then we read in verse four. Let us start from reading from verse three. book said, he says, "Whose adoning, let it not be the outward adoning of plating of the hair and of wearing of gold or the putting on of appro he's talking about the women you know of course it's natural to look nice you know to see that you are looking nice you know to see that you know everything is okay about you so but then he's saying the adoning your emphasis not just remain on the outward adoning [Music] Because saying whose adorn let it not be the outward adorning of plating of hair and of wearing of gold of putting on of the apparel. Now he's saying that don't adorn yourself. He's not saying you don't put on clothes. But he's saying it should be more than the outward appearance. And then he says in verse four, thank you. But let it be the hidden man of the heart in that which is not corruptible, even the ornament of a meek and quiet spirit, which is in the sight of God of great price. So he's saying that the hidden man should be adorned in an incorruptible garment. Praise the name of our Lord. Outside person, you know, you adorn them with change of clothes. Like I remember there's a person I was working with I was working with in Toro and this lady she would put on matching colors. She has put on maybe a a light green blouse green. Then the skirt is maybe dark green. The shoes are also green. The wristwatch is green. Green. The hair pins are green and the back is green. Every shirt to change different colors how we should match them. Nothing wrong with that. He's saying let it go beyond the outward one. Let our adoning the hidden man of the heart be adorned with an incorruptible seed of God. And then he says that one who is incorruptible in the inner man, he says that is of great price before God. Praise the name of our Lord. That is what God values. It is more precious to God than the external one. Praise the name of our Lord. That's a very interesting scripture. If somebody is looking for a wife, see what God values. Praise the name of our Lord. Somebody is looking for a husband. See what God values. The inside. the inside is what God values more than even the outside. How she looks like, how he looks like, what she is, what she has or then maybe what he has the thing is how much value of God has she got in. how much of God is in their inside because that's the incorruptible thing. But then the outside perishes by anything perish any time. Praise the name of our Lord. Can change any time. Praise the name of our Lord. You know like maybe if somebody is attractive after a few years they will start developing wrinkles the body shape is going to change you know many things change about his bodies. So now if you are marrying the body, if you are marrying somebody because of how they look like or what they have, those are temporary things. But then it should be the inner man and then the inner man should be God himself in the inside. If God is in the inside, then you know that this person is reliable cannot change over time because God is inside of him. So now God fills us with the Holy Spirit. And now when we get the baptism of the Holy Spirit, the spirit in us keeps on transforming us changes our mind. Praise the name of our Lord. Renewing us as we go on walking with the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us first go to Titus then we shall come to Romans chapter 12. Praise the name of our Lord. So Titus chapter 3 and then we read in verse three. For we ourselves also were sometimes foolish, disobedient, deceived, serving diverse lusts and pleasures, living in malice and envy, hateful and hating one another. [Music] He said we were sometimes foolish, disobedient. Then he says, "Deceiving one another." Then he says, "Serving divers lusts and pleasures." That was our condition before we were born again. doing things that are not acceptable before God, living in malice, in envy, hateful and then hating one another. That was our condition initially. And then he says, "But after the kindness and the love of God our savior toward men appeared, not by works of righteousness which we have done. In other words, for you to stop doing those kind of things. It was not your ability. It was not your determination. But he says it was according to his mercy that he saved us by the washing of regeneration renewing of the Holy Spirit. Now, in order for us to overcome the the lusts of the flesh, the pride of life, the lust of the eye. We need to be regenerated by the baptism of the Holy Spirit. And then we need to have the renewal of our mind. In other words, the Holy Spirit keeps on changing our thoughts, keeps on, you know, turning us from things which are not right. The Holy Ghost keeps on renewing us. Praise the name of our Lord. That's why the Holy Ghost is given to us. It makes you a new creation. And when the Holy Ghost makes you a new creation, Then he transforms you, you know, from a bad image to the image of Jesus Christ. That's what the scripture here is saying. Praise the name of our Lord. And then he says which he shed on us abundantly through Jesus Christ our savior. That being justified by his grace, We should be made hairs according to the hope of eternal [Music] life. desire. Lord, change me. Lord, transform me. Lord, deliver me out of this kind of. And then you allow God to take charge over your life. You allow God to make you a new creation. Allow God to give you victory over all your weaknesses. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in Romans chapter 12 and then verse one to verse two he says I beseech you therefore brethren by the mercies of God that you present your bodies a living sacrifice holy acceptable unto God which is your reasonable service. Praise the name of our Lord. Present your body as a living sacrifice which is holy and acceptable unto God. And then he says, "This is your reasonable service." And then he says, "Don't be conformed to this world." In other words, don't allow the things of the world to influence you. Praise the name of the Lord. Besides it, a new fashion that has come, you also run with that new fashion. Praise the name of the Lord. You know those days people didn't want to have gray hair but then they get was it called? Then they put in the hair to make it black. But now want to have gray hair. Nowadays want to have gray hair. You get somebody getting white braids in the head. Then others put green in the head, red in the head, yellow in the head, yellow. And when one does it, then others keep on doing it. Then others want to put on hair like m people. And then others also start doing the same thing. Then others want to make hair like you know hips of potatoes on the head and then others also follow the same thing. So you see the trend keeps on going being conformed to this world functioning like the rest of the world like now you see what's happening they come I think they call them with a legging I don't know just something which is tight on the skin as good as naked and then he puts on a short top and then walks and everybody just follows the same. There's a sister yesterday and I I was just checking then I found on her status of WhatsApp and then what she did she got two women in pants and then you know and then I was wondering why is the sister putting these things on her what? And then the man had braided hair something like that. then ask her, "Hey, what what are you communicating to us by this?" He said, "I like the message." And know she told me, "I like the message, what they were saying." Then I said, "But with people with pants and then a man with braided hair and you think there's a good message to pick from these people." But this is what is happening. We are just picking the world. Whatever the world gives us, we just embrace it. Just embrace it. Just embrace it. You know so it is becoming normal to us. So the Bible says be not conformed to this world but be transformed. just remembered a certain sister and now she was telling the husband since I've got the baptism of the Holy Spirit I don't need to come to church that's what she was telling the husband now that is very strange but when you have a portion of the Holy Spirit you'll desire more of God, praise the name of the Lord. You just desire more, more, praise the name of our Lord. You know that's the danger of teaching the baptism of the Holy Ghost and then say it is a sensation and then when somebody gets that sensation so I will never I don't need to pray. I don't need to go to church. There's something wrong there. Praise the name of our Lord. But when the spirit of God gets in us, it makes you to yearn for more of God, desire more of God. And you know, the more you realize your weaknesses like now in this, let me read also this message here. Praise the name of our Lord. in the message greater than Solomon is here. He says now he said I'm going to give you the earnest of your salvation. You know the earnest is the down payment. If I wanted to pay a boat from one of you and I went out and said, "How much do you want for the boat?" Then you say, " $2,000." I would say, "Well, I will tell you what I will do. I'll give you $50 to hold it for me until next week. Will you do it? Will you hold it for me? I will do, brother. Then you give me a receipt and I will give you $50. Now, you can't sell that boat. because I got the first bid on it. That's the earnest that I am going to get the boat. It belongs to me. Praise the name of our Lord. That's what the Holy Spirit is. It's a down payment. In other words, there is more that is coming. Now, if you've just got a small portion, how would you say that when there is more to come? So, you would desire everything. So now when you get the baptism of the Holy Spirit, the Bible says that we ourselves, we do grown. Praise the name of our Lord. You can't live on this world and you are contented with what the world is having. You say, "Lord, where is that place?" When God promised Abraham an eternal inheritance, when God first gave him the natural inheritance, the Bible says he was in the land of Canaan as a stranger and a pre and the Bible says he was looking for a city whose builder and maker is God himself. And that's what the Holy Spirit does when he's in our lives. You know, you are always moving out. Lord, I long for that land where there's [Music] righteousness. I long for that land. I long for that condition where I will have no more temptations. I long for that condition. I will have no more troubles the way I'm having. I long for that condition. where I will not feel backachche and headache and everything like that because it's a reality. It is there. So there is a yearning in your heart. Praise the name of our Lord to live in a better condition than what you are living in because God has given you an assurance that surely there is a land. Praise the name of our Lord. There is a learn beyond this. There are better things beyond what we have. So even when you have the things of this life, praise the name of our Lord, it cannot hold you back here. There is a reality in you. There is an eternal portion in you that keeps on moving you like Abraham moving in the land of Canaan as if it is not his but looking for a city whose maker and builder is God. Praise the name of our Lord. You look at Jacob. When Jacob was before Pharaoh, he told Pharaoh, "The days of my primage has been very few and full of evil." So he was looking for something beyond that. And then our Lord Jesus comes and tells us that in the land to come, in the kingdom to come, many will be moving from the east and the west and they'll be going to sit together with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. Praise the name of the Lord. And the Holy Spirit brings such hope and expectation is in us that there is more that is coming and your heart keeps on longing for more that is coming. Praise the name of our Lord in the city where there is no sorrow in the city where there's no sickness in the city where there is no death. So you just keep on longing. Lord, I want to be there. Lord, I want to be there. Lord, I want to be there. Praise the name of our Lord. That's what the Holy Ghost does in our lives. He keeps that longing, fasting. Lord, I want more of you. Sometimes you do something to somebody. It's not that it is evil, but you find you can do better than that. help me to do better the next time. And so the Holy Ghost keeps moving into you to do better than what you did today. Praise the name of God. Then he said, well, God came back go up there to Jerusalem and I'm going to send the earnest of your salvation. And they were up there all in one accord in one place. And suddenly there came the come down from heaven like a rushing mighty wind. and filled the house where they were sitting. Look here. We can look back and see we were once unbelievers. We seen where we would have walked around a meeting like this and laughed at it. We seen once back there in our lives where we would criticize divine healing. One time we didn't believe in God. One time we didn't believe in his word. But now we have been raised up from that, lifted up, died in Christ, buried with him, raised with with him in his resurrection. and are now sitting in heavenly places in Christ Jesus. And here we are today in the earnest of our salvation. We stand here tonight already dead, buried in Christ and raised with him and sitting in heavenly places, enjoying spiritual things, coming back from the cross, the way heavenly places It makes us shout and think about it like a negro like an old woman a negro woman. She said Dr. I want to give a testimony. Go ahead. Go ahead. Sister testify. She said I want to say this. I ain't what I ought to be and I ain't what I want to be to do to be. But then one thing I know. I ain't what I used to be. So that is good. She know something had happened. I do. Every man that is born of the spirit of God knows you are not what you used to be. I ain't what I want to be. I ain't what I ought to be. I ain't what I used to be either. See, I have raised with him and I'm now on high up waiting for my change to come. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to desire the Holy Spirit in our lives. It picks you like the Bible said the ways of sin. You even hate those things which are not right. And then he changes your mind and then you desire the things of God. Praise the name of our Lord. In the book of Ephesians chapter 1 verse 13, he says, "Nom also you trusted. After that you heard the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation. In whom also after that you believed, you were sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise, which is the earnest of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession unto the praise of his glory. [Music] Praise the name of our Lord. So he says the Holy Spirit is the earnest of our inheritance and our inheritance is an eternal inheritance. Praise the name of our Lord. And if it is an eternal inheritance and brother Brham says there is only one form of eternal life and that praise the name of our God. Brother Moses called this Zoe. So it says Zoe is God's own life. So when we get eternal life then we are getting a portion of God. And then the Bible says it is the earnest of our inheritance and our inheritance is eternal. In other words, it's a down payment of that portion of God that he has given to us. Now, our souls are eternal by the new birth. But right now, we live in bodies which are not yet eternal. Praise the name of our Lord. So that's why he gives us the down payment. And now that down payment goes to the soul and makes the soul eternal but the body is not yet eternal. Praise the name of our Lord. That's why this body feels pain can be false. can die, grows old because it's not yet eternal. But yet within us, we have an eternal inheritance. We have a portion of God living within us. Praise the name of our Lord. So if you are looking for somebody to marry, brother Khalib is smiling and he's looking for to his friend in the same condition. If you are looking for somebody to marry, look for God in that person. Praise the name of our Lord. Look for God in that person. The other sister who did PCM she got somebody in the church and sometimes you don't know what they doing. We weded them but when the brother came said I had a radio program of a pastor in Campala. Then I wondered you in Ginger and you said the radio program in Campala is the one which you had when we have many radio programs in Ginger and you've not had any of the hours here but you had the one of that was a red flag you of course you hear what they telling you said they directed him to come to this church the other person of the radio program said okay so I've come to be baptized so we baptized him after baptizing him I get the message books and I don't remember the message books but I think two three that was after you can read his message book the Next time I see the brother when he was coming to me, I thought he was coming to ask me questions on the message books I gave him. I thought he was coming to ask me questions on the message books he got. So what he came I went and visited the other family and then the mother said that I can bring my parents to get their daughter. I was like, I'm on this channel. How you what would you do? You're telling him the message books. He's telling you about marriage. Ver unfortunate situation. She got somebody without God, married with a man without God, a man without a head, headless. And at the end of the day, he doesn't have time for church. I'm too busy. What? Can I Can we find time together? I'm too busy. I've been too busy. I've been too busy. Too busy. Trouble marrying a man without God, headless man. Things of God are not concerned about him. How are you going to bring that person under control? Praise the name of our Lord. Then there's another one. He also went and did PCM and some of this know that what you're doing is wrong. Praise the name of the Lord like you know when people are not married or they talking with one another and then they make a mess with one another. They will not trust one another afterwards. So this is this brother says, "I've brought one who is an angel." Ah, she even kneels down and down even if I bring greens six months. He realized who she was. Then he would start reading the Bible. Let us read this Bible. He starts reading the scripture. She starts choosing him. That one is condemning you. It's condemning you. He just stopped that kind of thing. And they're no longer living together. people without God trouble. Praise the name of our Lord. So you need to say that somebody has the Holy Spirit. There's something that can hold them. There is a fear of God that can hold them. Not somebody who is headless. They are still animals. Any person without God is a beast. So don't marry beast. And beasts are always tied in the zoos. I don't know if you're going to make at home to control him appetites night life. in the bar there's a brother also did another one and then when there was a show she goes to the show she doesn't want to leave the show she wants to sleep in the show then he would say sister believers don't do like that but she was not a believer saying believer But you didn't get as a believer headache. So we need to see that we we get people who have the baptism of the Holy Spirit. See the life of the person. Let them have the word of God ruling in their lives. Somebody who has got an eternal inheritance. And then the Bible says that this eternal inheritance is reserved for us in heaven. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us read first Peter chapter 1 verse4. He says to an incorruptible in to an inheritance incorruptible and undefiled that fadeth not away reserved in heaven for you. 1 Peter chapter 1 verse 4. So the Bible says this inheritance which is reserved for us is incorruptible. It is not defiled. It fed us not away and it is reserved in heaven for us. Praise the name of our Lord. something which God has reserved for us. Something which God has kept for us. Praise the name of Lord. So when the Holy Ghost comes, you know, it keeps you desiring. And the Bible says in this house we grown to. We desire to be go into the house which is in the heavens. Our inheritance reserved in heaven. So then the Holy Spirit in us now gives us the assurance that there is a house of God which is not built by hands which is eternal in heaven. In 2 Corinthians 5:1 he says, "For we know that if our earthly house of this tabernacle, we are dissolved, we have a building of God and a house not made with hands eternal in the heavens." Um, sorry. 2 Corinthians 5:1 For in this we do grown earnestly, desiring to be clothed upon with our house which is from heaven. If so be that being clothed, we shall not be found naked. For we that are in this tabernacle do grown, being burdened, not for what we would be unclothed, but closed upon, that mortarity may be swallowed up of life. So, Praise the name of the Lord. He says we do grown. In other words, there is the Holy Spirit puts a desire in you. to be in that body that's waiting for us, the theophony body, the celestial body in heaven. Praise the name of our Lord. We live in this earthly one, which has a lot of troubles. But when the Holy Spirit comes down, we get an assurance. There is a body waiting for us in heaven. So regardless of what you go through in life here, this is not your focus. Focus is that body right at home. So he says we grown in this one here like Paul. He says I desire to be with the Lord. He says in this body we are absent from the Lord. But then when we get in the other body, we are in the presence of the Lord. Then he says in verse five, now he that has wrought for us the self same thing is God who has also given unto us the earnest of the spirit. He gives us the earnest of the spirit. giving us an assurance there is more to come. Praise the name of our Lord. We have a body in heaven waiting for us. We have an eternal inheritance. And to get this internal inheritance, the Bible says in first Peter chapter one and verse 23, being born again not of the corruptible seed, but of the incorruptible by the word of God which liveth and abideth forever. Verse 23. Okay. Um, praise the name of our Lord. So we need to be born of the incorruptible seat which is the word of God. And then inside we have an incorruptible inheritance. We have the hidden man. Uncorruptible. So he's not subject to the conditions there. Praise the name of our Lord. He's not affected by what the natural body go through because he is eternal. Praise the name of our Lord. So let me try to finish and then we go to this message. The future home of the heavenly bridegroom. He says like he did this like he did us his creation to live in to live in before he could come in it. He had to give us the baptism of fire. Then the Holy Ghost come in and leave. Baptism of fire. Then when you get that baptism of fire, then the Holy Ghost can come in. But as it does, it it burns up everything out of you. It won't it won't believe nothing else but the word. Because it is the word. Now that's what we evidence of the Holy Ghost. The evidence of the Holy Ghost is when you can receive the word not some system but have a clear understand. Do you know the word is clear? Watch it. Vindicate itself. Where do you say I I see do this that Oh yes, the WS live the same way. But it's got to be the entire word to be the bride. You have to be part of him. He is the word. And what part of whom is it? the promised one that's for this day when he calls his bride be a part of it. Praise the name of our Lord. Then there is also in this one here. says still the message the future home says Christ came and called the church repentance baptism in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission sanctify the church and with fire of God come down and burn all filth and come and dwells in the human heart. Now the world to be redeemed for the redeemed person, he uses the same method. He baptized it in water after the destruction, shed his blood upon it, sanctified and claim it. Then he says, "But now it has to go through a baptism of fire, holy fire from God, which cleanses the earth and the heavens around it. Praise the name of Lord." So the world in its condition is ready to be burned up for the redeemed people of God to come and live on earth. Praise the name of our Lord. So the earnest of the Holy Spirit is a down payment meaning that there is more to come. There is more that God has prepared. So the Holy Spirit in us puts that hope in us, that yearning in us, expectation us and then we keep on longing for more of God. Praise the name of the Lord. Like a divine healing, it is a sign that there is a life where there is no becoming sick. Praise the name of our Lord. All these things are a forward test. We are just forward testing of the things that are to come. Praise the name of our Lord. So we need to desire the Holy Spirit in our lives, a down payment, showing us there are more things to come, a better body, a better world to live in. Praise the name of our Lord. So let us on keep on striving striving. Praise the name of our Lord. There's a scripture I think I want to read last. Praise the name of our Lord in first Corinthians chapter 9. And then verse 25 he says, "And every man that strives for mastery is temporate in all things. Now they do it to obtain a corruptible crown. crown. Praise the name of our Lord. We have an incorruptible crown ahead of us. So keep on striving. Do the best you can. Stand firm. Praise the name of our Lord. And don't allow anything to move you. But just stay focused. Allow the Holy Ghost keep you moving. In the name of the Lord, don't look at your weaknesses now. Don't look at your failures now. Look at the promise. Praise the name of our Lord. And keep on desiring more of God. And as you keep on looking into the word, then the Bible says you are changed. So your weaknesses today when you become more submissive to the word they disappear and every day you are moving you are being transformed into the image of Jesus Christ. The more submission you do, the more becoming kind of know like devoted you do, you know, the more you keep on overcoming, you keep on gaining, you keep on gaining and keeps on transforming you. Praise the name of our Lord. May God bless you. Amen. On Sunday, we have two services. And then the Lord's supper at 5. So you you come prepared. There is somebody who called me that there's somebody who's coming for water baptism today. I don't know if the person is here. Is there somebody who has come to be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ? Could raise your hand. Anybody who has come to be baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ because we talked a person to come this service. I think nobody has come but the water is ready. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us stand up and sing song and each of us can speak to the Lord. Give me all in my lamb. Keep me burning, burning, burning. Give me all in my lamb. I pray. Halleluah. Give me all in my lamb. Keep me burning, burning, burning. Keep me burning to the bread of day. Hallelujah. Or sing. Hosana. Sing. Goana. Sing. Goanaanana to the king. of king [Music] singana. Sing to the king of kings. Give me love in my heart. Give me life in your heart. Give me love in my heart I pray. Halleluah. Give me love in my heart. Keep me loving, loving, loving. Keep me loving to the break of the day. Hallelujah. Was he was singing unto the king of kings. Halleluah. was a [Music] sing was to the king of kings. There is a river of life flowing out of me. Exile to walk and I'm blind to see opens Jesus doors sets the free. There is a river of life flowing out. Oh, the river of life flowing on makes the lamb to walk and the blind to see. Opens prison's doors sets the cities free. It is a river of life flowing out of oil. Yes. [Music] [Applause] Go [Applause] Mos. Oh yes, God. Oh [Music] hallelujah go far as a [Applause] go. Yes. [Music] Yes. God. [Applause] Oh my. Yes. God for now. Halleluah. Halleluah. Halleluah. Halleluah. Halleluah. Halleluah. Halleluah. Halleluah. Halleluah. [Applause] Halleluah. [Applause] Halleluah. [Applause] Halleluah. Halleluah. Halleluah. Hallelujah. [Music] Halleluah. Halleluah. Father we thank thee father. We glorify your holy name. You are worthy of all. Praise God. Your word of all holy Lord. Blessed be thy name oh God forever. Receive all your glory Lord Jesus. Receive all your honor Lord. How we thank the father for your love, grace and mercy. How we thank the father that Lord you change Lord. That Lord your f Lord. You are great Lord. You are always awesome. Lord we worship you Lord. We glorify your holy name. We thank you for the earnest of the Holy Spirit. The down payment that you've given at us. Oh God, that much as we live this world with so many sorrows, with so many distresses, with so many challenges, let you've given us your Holy Spirit, the down payment, Lord, of who you are, Lord, of the great things that are to come and you've told us, Lord, the earnest of our inheritance. And our inheritance, Lord, is so eternal, Lord. We are thankful, Father, for the great things you've wrought in our lives. The hope we have, the joy we have, the peace we have, the love we have, the patience we have, the faith we have. Oh God, all your divine nature being wrought in us father as just an earnest Lord as just a down payment oh God of Lord who you are Lord how we are thankful father for your kindness for your goodness Lord to know you've loved us to know you've saved us to know you've delivered us and you've made by yourself known unto us we glorify your holy name we magnify your holy name you are worthy of all praise Lord you are worth of worship Lord You change not heavenly father. Thank you for the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Thank for the spirit that works in our life. Thank you for changing us. Thank for delivering us. Thank for redeeming us. Thank you for all these things you've done. We need you, heavenly father. Be magnified, Lord. Be glorified, Lord. Wash us in the blood of Jesus. And help us, heavenly father. That Lord, our hope may not go. Our hope may not be lost, but we honestly depend on you. We honestly look on you for your greatness, Lord. For the honest you've given unto us, Lord, to continually trust in you, depend upon you, Lord, believe in you, Lord, for all the great things you work in our lives. Help us father to look at you Lord to depend upon you Lord to call upon your name that in every situation we go through you may bring it back right unto you to give us the victory even in the love divine you are awesome father you are wonderful Lord you ch father forgive us of all our sins Lord forgive us of all our failures Lord deliver us from all evil deliver us from all confict and change us completely We need your heavenly father. We worship you Lord. We glorify your holy name. We magnify your holy name. Blessed be the name of the Lord Jesus forever more. Contrary revealing yourself to us. Contrary manifesting yourself to us and showing us the path of truth and righteousness. The path that we have to take. We hestly depend upon you Lord. We even pray father for pastor Lord. And father may guide and lead him Lord. Father together with his wife as they move for the missionary journey that Lord you may direct them Lord grant them good health Lord your care blessings and protection and use him for the services ahead Lord in all those missionary journeys way ahead that you must be upon him your strength your good health your deliverance your victories Lord your inspiration Lord oh God encourage him Lord strengthen him Lord meet for all the journey Lord provide for all the needs that they are that your name be glorified and even watching over the family and home back in the name of Jesus Christ. Strengthen him Lord God. Make her there seems to be no way. Take away all his fears Lord and troubles and give him courage and strength even for the services ahead that you may use them in satisfaction Lord for the glory and honor your name. May your name be glorified Lord. May your name be magnified Lord. Grant them selftra and mercies Lord and protection and safety all through the way and even bring them back home safely Lord after all this missionary trip that your grace may abound your mercies may abound watch over us feed usually guide us provide for us. We depend upon you Lord lifting all the burdens of the children of God into your hands. For those ofble to come to church and those notable to come to church, may you hear everyone their prayer and answer them speedily according to your divine will and purpose. We also pray heavenly father as we leave this place Lord. May you grant us tr back home that you God has brought us here. Maybe the same God deliver us back again. Bless the meetings tomorrow Lord and the meetings over the weekend. We still call upon your name to have thy own way in our lives and bless us together Lord. We love you Lord and we thank you father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ who pray this. Amen. Thank you so much. God bless you so much. We've come to the end of the service. So remember on Sunday we have two services and then we shall have the Lord's supper. Praise the name of our Lord. As we go [Music] out, let us sing that song that says, "But I know whom I have believed." Amen. I know not why God wondrous grace to me, he has made known. nor why unworthy Christ in love redee me for his all. And I know whom I believe and I'm persuading that is able to give out which I've committed unto him against [Music] I know not how the saving faith to me did power nor how believing in his brought peace within my heart. But I know I know whom I believe and I'm persuading [Applause] that to him. that which have committed unto him against the day. Last season I know not when my Lord may come I know Lord our Lord with all me. [Music] But I [Music] know over and down my savior to be the time to be there. I do against you. [Music] But I knew you are believer.
