################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2024-06-07 - There Is A Prophet In The Land         Pastor Ibale Stephen         06.07.2024 - Ibale Stephen.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2024-06-07
Title:   There Is A Prophet In The Land |        Pastor Ibale Stephen      |   06.07.2024
Speaker: Ibale Stephen
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jNx13R9j6LQ
========================================

power in the name of God. We've got all power [Music] in the name of our Lord. Though Satan rages, we cannot be defeated. Give mortal power [Music] in the name of love. Give me your hand. Let us agree together. Give me your hand. And let's gra together all our eneies [Music] shall come back to our feet. [Music] For whatever we bind on now shall be bound in heaven in the name of Jesus. Satan has to free cuz we've got the power. Call the power [Music] in the name of Jesus. We call the power, the power in the name of the Lord. [Music] Though Satan rages, we cannot be defeated. We hold on to power in the name of the Lord. For many years now, Satan has tried for many years now. Satan has tried to stop us. And the bride of Jesus still is alive enough like a mighty army. We keep maring on winning every battle [Music] for the Lord. We got the power. [Music] We got the power in the name of Jesus. Glorious. We got the power in the name of the Lord. Because Satan raes, we cannot be defeated. We call the power [Music] in the name of the Lord. Give him a hand of praise. We've got a power in the name of Jesus. Though the Satan rages The Lord is on our side. So what we need to do, give me your hand, let us agree together. Amen. Amen. As we are marching on, winning every battle, let us sing that song. Um, prayer of sister Angel as we meditate on the message which has been given to us. How many have loved the Sunday school? Amen. We thank God. [Music] Here I am living far from falling deep in sin and strike. Anoint me Lord with your spirit truth daily teach me Lord with me my God [Music] me for My iniquities [Music] make me clean as clean can be. Mold and shape me. Hold me. Oh shame to your natural Lord and my will be below the alone. Anoint me Lord. Anoint me Lord with your spirit [Music] daily [Music] with me my go [Music] my go. and my rightuousness to bee alone I give my own Lord in my pray to my cry [Music] This is my heart. Jesus, my soul cries to you. Lord, hear my prayer. [Music] He do my cry. This is my heart. Jesus, my soul cries to you. Behold all power [Music] in the name of Jesus. We hold your power [Music] in the name of the Lord. Satan rages. Though Satan rages, we can all be with power. Get on your feet. We go the power. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. I'm [Music] [Music] loveing. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Worship this morning. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hosana. Lift your hands. Oh, you lift your hands. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Start speak to the Lord. Dear Lord Jesus Christ, we thank you for your goodness, Lord. Your mercies, Lord, we are you every morning, Lord. We pray Lord Jesus that you may shine father your mercies Lord in our lives Lord as we come Lord Jesus Christ to the preaching of our word Lord to the better words Lord Jesus of Jesus Christ because you are the word of life Lord you are the way Lord God how can we do the way lest we are told Lord and father Lord Jesus how can we approach Lord you walk sanctuually Lord it's by the way of your word and it is by the way Lord Jesus we speaking father words Lord God of Jesus Christ which comes in the life form Lord we thank you Lord Jesus Christ we lift up Lord God the servants of Jesus Christ we lift father Lord God their labors Lord God and their father's striving Lord to see that they feed your church Lord as you have made them to keep charge of their people Lord we thank you Jesus Christ as we father come before you Lord sanctify our lips Lord and sanctify Lord Jesus, our service today, Lord, Lord Jesus, that when you come to speak, Lord, your children, Lord, may come, Lord God, ready to hear from the father, Lord, not to hear from the man, but Lord Jesus to hear from the Lord Jesus himself in the form of the spirit and the word. We come Lord Jesus, Lord God, with your with our willingness, Lord, and surrender him Lord Jesus Christ to our Lord and Savior. We thank you Lord God. Hallelujah. We give you glory Lord God. We love you for our pastors Lord. The ministers Lord Jesus. The word Lord God which you've shared which you've brought to us Lord in this last day Lord. We thank you Lord. We give you glory and honor in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Lord we pray. Hallelujah. Give him a hand of praise. [Music] I have one testimony here. He says, "God bless you saints. I greet you in the name of precious Jesus Christ. Thank God for his great uh protection and sufficient grace upon on me. My family and you all upon me, my family and you all. I once more thank him so much for his unchanging hands never let me go. He hold guides. He holds guides and in darkness he gives me light and victory. He has given me victory and provided for me to two sewing machines. two sewing machines and a place of uh of work in after Gaddafi round and I glorify his name for for although he is a king I glorify his name although he is a king he's still my friend and a caring father who promised never to forget his child and he always visits v visits them to at their point of need. May his name be glorified. Amen. Amen. I want to to send my special thanks to our dear pastor. He is a father who has never lacked advice for me. He always prays with me. May God continually bless and protect him. And I also thank you all for praying with me. God bless you all. His love lifted me when nothing else could help. And the sister says love lifted me from sister Aoyo. She says she has a one song special song. [Music] God bless you. Sh have one song. Song number 35. Love lifted me when nothing else could help me. When I had nothing to do at my point of need, Lord Jesus Christ came down and picked me up. So I have one song saying lifted me as we collect the offerings. as we collect the offerings. I was sinking deep in the peaceful shore very deeply seeking to rise no more of the is fairing cry from the waters lifted me. Love me. Love me when nothing goes to no. Love me. Love lifted me. Love lifted me. When the squ [Music] my king ever to him my king [Music] is blessing praises ever his praises sing al mighty Lights are true. Mar faithful love to her [Music] deadend. [Music] Take me now. [Music] Love protect me. [Music] in angels. Jesus will live the same. He will lift you by his love out of the hungry way. is the last I see. Did I sing? He savior was to be [Music] me. [Music] with us. I pretend I pretend you pretend. [Music] Love lifted me. Love me. [Music] Thou protect me. Thou protect me. [Music] Love lifted me. We all depend on his love. That's why you are here this morning. The love has constrained you. [Music] Yes. Let us get on our feet as we um sing that song 151. One of them. people almost everywhere. Yes. One of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can see. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can say I'm one. One of them. One of them. I'm one. You put your hands together. I'm so glad that I can see one of them. One of them. One of them. One of them. I'm one. I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I can see I'm one of them. You put your hands together. There are people almost every heart with the fire that fell at which me it is mine now within. Oh, glory to his name. I'm so glad that I can say I'm alone. But these people know these people may not be no [Music] they have their mag in Jesus name. It is far away in the sea. I'm so glad that I can see. I'm one of them. One of I'm one of them. Yes, I'm one of them. I'm so glad that I I'm one of them. Follow me. Follow me. I'm following you. I'm so glad I can see. They were gathered in your garden in the army. [Music] [Music] Now what you will do you sing? I'm so glad that I [Music] know him. I'm [Music] on you. [Music] I'm so glad that I can see. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise this morning. We give thanks and honor to your holy name to know today that we are one of those that you have chosen. We want to have faith in what you have done. And we want to come before your presence knowing that the blood shall never lose its power to cleanse and to perfect. Bless your people in the service today. Whatsoever your children have need of my [Music] And we are going to dedicate this little gent. into the hands of the master that the master may watch over him and give him sound health and protect him from the spirits of the age. Let's pray. Precious heavenly father, we humbly come to you this morning, bringing little gems into your hands. Father, I dedicate him to the protection of the master. He was born into a world that is evil and wicked. But yet the light of the Holy Spirit lives in the midst of this darkness to protect little ones like this one that are dedicated to you. Father, I pray that you may protect him. Put a ring of fire around him that the enemy may not stretch his hand to touch. We pray that you may deliver him from all the attacks of the enemy in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ that he may enjoy good health. I also rebuke the condition that the enemy subjects to him in the name of Jesus. I rebuke those spirits. Father, I call healing upon him as I dedicate him today in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. [Applause] That's right. So this is little heart right. We are going to dedicate her to the Lord. Precious heavenly father in the name of the lord Jesus Christ I am bringing right before thee was a woman of faith. She said the right thing and the creative power to bring the new birth came down to her two boys. I pray heavenly father that the same power may always encircle around this little heart ride that you may watch over her that when she comes to her age of responsibility that she may walk into your arms, confess her sins, Lord, and that you may save her to the glory of your name. I dedicate our father for total protection from above in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. [Applause] Praise the Lord. So I want to remind you that church opens at 9:00. and then you come down here, dedicate yourself for the service. Amen. Amen. So, the pastor has given me the opportunity to speak to you this morning. [Applause] The word is the living word. Amen. Amen. It has got its power to transform, to heal, to deliver, to do all that the word promised to do. Amen. Amen. So, you just need to stand in faith. And I want you to look at the days that we are living in. We are living in the end time and we don't have much time to go. And I want to tell you one thing that the church is horning out. Amen. Amen. Because honing is amen. And this is the hour which we are living in. So you remember Michelangelo when he got that wall block. But out of that block, he had a revelation that he had the ability to make Moses out of it because he had seen a vision of what Moses was. And so what he did, he started horning out everything that hid the image of Moses and he horned it out until he was able to bring forth the image of Moses. So the horning of the ch is God cutting off the parts of the body. I mean parts of the I mean the block that hide the image of Christ. Are you together with me? So horning is the part of the church. Amen. That you know horning is cutting off the part of the church. that's not, you know, in continuation with the word and he does it in a certain way. He allows circumstances along the journey and when people stumble those circumstances and they fall away, sometimes you cry, but it's God dealing with this church. Amen. He upgrades the understanding of the word by revelation sometimes and then the people who will not really be able to understand some of them still follow. Amen. And you keep crying but God knows what he's doing. Amen. Because he went and said, you know, drink of my blood and eat of my flesh. And then the servant were not able to understand what he meant and they fell away because of the teaching of the word. So they did not wait to know what he meant. So they fell away. Amen. Amen. But I want us to hold it together as the word keeps coming into great understanding. And God has given us a pastor who is very competent with the word. We should have confidence in him and to the pace as the Holy Spirit guides you. Amen. Praise the Lord. We should do the best support the pastor and be part of the church and always thank God. This is the best place God chose for you. There cannot be a better place for you and you always thank God. When God gives you a pastor, that's the best you can ever find. So you pray for him. be present whenever he's here to preach. Be part of the service. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Yes, sir. We certainly appreciate God. And uh I just don't know where to begin from, but uh I want to kind of follow up with uh what he preached about two weeks ago. There is a prophet in the land. Amen. Amen. So I want to pick that up and just go along as the spirit helps us. So I'm requesting for a special song down here that the young people may bless us. Amen. Amen. Are you ready? [Music] [Music] When Jesus comes, the tempt broken. When Jesus comes that he has a white way, he is the blue and the life in glory for all his ch when Jesus comes See, once sat alone besides the highway begging, his eyes were blown. The lighting could not see. [Music] Christ is right. I see the sh. So when Jesus comes, when Jesus comes, the temp when Jesus comes that he wiped away. It is the Lord and fills the life with glory. Oh, holy shus. [Music] The eos [Music] powers possess Jesus. [Music] So Jesus Christ Jesus. When Jesus comes that he is the light Jesus As you see and clean and the li [Music] in hopelessness to near all the river disease and grad. Oh, then Jesus came and cast out. When Jesus comes, the gent when he comes when Jesus comes that he [Music] is the my face the life with glory. Oh for all is when Jesus comes to stay. So many today. How far the Savior may go. They could not call the passion last seen [Music] house [Music] had left. When Jesus came, how will Jesus [Music] come? When Jesus comes, the temp [Music] Jesus comes. In Jesus love that he has he is the life with glory for his Jesus comes to Oh, he takes the glory and f the life with glory. For holy shame when Jesus comes to stay. Praise the Lord. Amen. The leper cried in torment. Amen. Amen. Sister is around. She's just jambling. Praise the Lord. Do you love him? Say amen, somebody. Amen. Amen. I'm a friend to noise. I'm a friend to noise. So when you hear the word, make me know you've heard the word. Amen. Amen. So let's stand up and get into the scripture reading. I'm praying that the Lord may bless this service to encourage us to walk this journey. There's no reason why we give up. We have gone so far to look back. Amen. Amen. If there is any situation, put it under the blood. Keep walking. Keep walking. Tell your friend and walk this journey and get to the end of it. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Second Kings 5 and verse 4. Now this is a situation that in the kingdom of Syria there was one of the generals. He was a leopard. He didn't like the situation and then he tried many times to get well from his leprosy but it was not possible. So there is a girl like the pastor was teaching about being a witness. She says there is a prophet in our land. She was a captive. She was a slave. Amen. In Syria, she was working for some people. And then she says, "Go and tell the general that there is a prophet in the land of Israel." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We thank God that we have had a prophet in our generation. Amen. Amen. So she went, you know, gave the information and the information reached the general. And the general went to the king of Syria and says that I understand in Israel, I can be healed of my lepros. So verse four, and one went in and told his lord, saying, Thus th said the maid that is of the land of Israel. And the king of Syria said, "Go, and I will send a letter unto the king of Israel." And he departed and took with him 10 talents of silver and 6,000 pieces of gold and 10 changes of remnant. May the Lord had blessing the reading of his word. You may be seated. You see the Syrians had a mentality that divine gifts must be paid for and that's what happens in some of these organizations that they tend to pay for divine gifts. So the king of Syria then he decided to send a message carrying a letter to the king of Israel saying that this letter here sent to you introducing a man who a general in my army. He's a leopard and I understand in Israel he could be healed. But when the king read the letter, he tore his clothes and he was lamenting who told these people that I, the king of Israel, is a God that can heal lepros. This man wants a quarrel with me and again he wants a war with me. But when the prophet in the land heard about the panic of the king, he said there is no need for the king to panic. Let them send that leper to me so that they may know there is a prophet in the land. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. So today I want to speak on the subject. There is a prophet in the land where things are impossible. God has given us a prophet in the land and that prophet is not dead because the message is in the tapes is in the books. Whatever we need, we can have it. We thank God today for the message of the hour. We've brought a prophet in the land. Amen. Praise the Lord. So then came with his horses and with his chariot and stood at the door of Elisha. So this is a story of a man in a very high position in government but he was under torment for a situation that he did not like. He was a leper and leprosy is a curable disease but it causes skin license and nerve damage. Amen. You see patches of different color. Amen. And it goes to the nerve center and it tries to destroy the nerves. What is the so that when you touch here The does not talk to your brain. So you are not aware. You can step on fire and it keeps burning you. But because you are a leper, you may not know. It's a very bad situation. It affects the fingers and the toes with wounds. And these wounds normally get into the joints. And the purpose of these wounds is to break this part away from the body. So you find some of these lepers, they've got some of their toes and fingers. It is totally broken off. Amen. So it disintegrates the body. Amen. So in Israel, the man who was suspected to be a leper was always examined by a spiritual office. Amen. It is a priest who are to examine a man. And when that man was found to be a leper, then he was made aware that let me tell you that you've got leprosy and leprosy does not allow you to be a part of the fellowship of Israel. Are you together with me? So leprosy just cut them off. That's what lepros does to the body. And then if a man thought he was healed, the man still to go back and examined by a spiritual office and the spiritual office which was a priest would let him know you were not healed yet. And if he was healed, then the spiritual office healed and now integrating him back into fellowship. Amen. Now I want to kind of cause you to think, how should a I mean a sinkiness be connected to a spiritual office? It's not a doctor examining you. But it's a priest is the one examining you. Amen. So how could leprosy be connected with the spiritual faith? At least a leprosy had a spiritual significance. Are you together with me? So in the case of non who was a gentile, they didn't have priests out there. to declare them priest I mean leprosy or to tell them you are healed from leprosy. So another spiritual office. Amen. Another spiritual office. Amen. Higher than that of a priest was involved. Amen. And the healing of n. Now I want us to know that this had a spiritual significance. Amen. Because Hebrews 10 verse I mean verse one says that the old testament is a shadow of the good things to come. So whatever was done in the Old Testament had a spiritual significance that could be interpreted out here in the New Testament. So now there were several shadows for example in the Old Testament that we could refer to as parables of what was coming forth in the New Testament. Are you together with me? So like the sacrifice of the lamb in the Passover feast religion, it was a parable. It was a type. Amen. Talking about Christ coming as the lamb of God to take away the sins of the people. Okay. For all these things of the Old Testament were shadow and tied and sign posts that we could look at as our examples. Amen. Amen. So there are no irrelevant records in the Bible. Are you together with me? There is nothing that's irrelevant in the Bible because the Bible is the word of God. So the Old Testament is a natural church and with the spiritual church, we could resource out of the Old Testament examples understand our positions in the New Testament. So over here in the New Testament, therefore lepros speaks of the life of sin. Are you together with me? Sin is a rejection of divine instructions. Amen. And once you reject divine instruction, then you slide into the condition of sin. Are you together with me? So sin is a rejection of divine instructions from the word and this condition gives birth to sin. Uh-uh. So sin is a natureh. Sin is a nature. But sins is the fruit of that nature. Are you together with me? So if this nature does not die, one continues to commit sins due to the nature. Amen. Amen. But Paul gave us a solution. He said I die daily. Every day he woke up. He had to remember. He had to die. because the nature of sin is so stable. I want to tell you something here. I'll take you in 1 Corinthians chapter 15 and verse 31. The nature of sin causes a man to commit sin. And because of sin, therefore we can commit sins. Are you together with me? Okay. So in first Corinthians 15:31, he says, I protest by your rejoicing which I have in Christ Jesus our Lord. I die daily. Praise the Lord. Paul is saying that I die daily. Why is anology? [Music] Because a dead man does not commit sin. Are you together with me? When you give him a cigarette, he cannot smoke it. When you give him alcohol, he cannot drink it. So Paul is taking a negative to describe a positive. Are you together with me? Because literally death is negative. So in this actual situation, Paul chooses to use the negative analogy of a dead man to show how we can escape from sin. He says, I die daily. This is a very interesting analogy where the negative becomes positive. Amen. How many people like to die here? Nobody wants to die. Everybody wants tomorrow. But here in this situation, Paul says, "I die because he can be able to use the example of death to explain how you can be free from sin on the constant. Amen. Amen. Because when a dead man is dead, you cannot hurt him. When you speak against him, you cannot hurt him. But when a man is living and you say certain things against him, he's going to be hurt. And many times, I know some of you are hurt. because you hear certain things against you, you are still living. But if you are a dead man, even if they said you are a witch, it won't hurt you. If they say that man was just a stupid fellow, it doesn't hurt a dead man. Paul uses the knowledge of a dead man to explain how we can be able to avoid sin on a daily basis. Amen. Amen. So this is very interesting. Amen. Because to live is what should be positive. To live is what could be positive. But in depriving the flesh, dying is the positive. Amen. Amen. It is putting the active members of your body towards sin into a continuing stop. Amen. You wake up, I'm dead. I'm dead. I'm dead. So death certainly is a painful process that one must exercise or endure on a daily basis. Are you together with me? Yeah. To die is painful and I know that it cannot be enjoyable. But when you die then you are not conscious. Go through the pain every morning. I'm crucified with Christ. Nevertheless, I live but not I but Christ liveth in me. So once the members of your body yield to sin, Paul says, then the members of your body are alive. Let's go to Romans 6. We want to talk about a prophet in the land. Amen. Amen. Romans 6:6. Knowing this, that our old man is crucified with him, that the body of sin might be destroyed, that henceforth we should not serve sin. So you put death to your old man that used to live in sin so that sin may not have dominion over you. When a cigarette comes, you say, "My fingers died." [Music] Because those are the members of your body. This old man, this one here is the nature of sin that we inherited from the first man, Adam. But the new man is the nature of Christ. that comes. Amen. At the new birth on the inside. Now I want you to know that you are three. You are a triune being, your flesh. Amen. Your spirit and then your soul. And in the soul there is a seed gene that can only live. When these members are dead, the flesh is dead. No human spirit, no natural judgments, no mental faculties, totally dead. The Holy Spirit will go and unite himself with your seed gene on the inside. And because you are alive on the inside, then the members of your body die. Praise the Lord. Amen. Look at Ephesians 4:22. trying to build this by the grace of God. Ephesians 4:22, he says that he put off concerning the former conversation the old man which is corrupt according to the deceit to the deceitfulness I mean to the de deceitful lusts. So this natural man, are you together with me? The natural man is your body and your human spirit. They constitute, the natural man. Are you together with me? So the old man is corrupt and will continually lean towards the deceitfulness of sin. But when we put off the old man by the new birth, then we constantly renew our mind. Amen. We constantly renew our mind because the new man feeds on the world. And as you feed on the word, the effect of the old man keeps dying. Praise the Lord. You feed on the word, certain things die away. certain things die away. And that's why Paul says, "I die daily and I feed on the word." Do you love him? Yes. Verse 23, that's Ephesians 4:23. He says, "And be renewed in the spirit of your mind, that he put on a new man, which after God is created in righteousness and true holiness. Meaning that this new man is a new creation, a creation by the spoken word. Are you together with me? So the word which you read every day, which you listen to every day, keeps you in a new man status as you feed on the word. You are recreating yourself by the word. So the first birth is your old man. But the new birth is the new man that responds to the demands of the Holy Ghost. And Paul says created in righteousness. Is it your righteousness? But you respond to the righteousness of God which is hidden in the word. As you read the word, you sent me to the word. Amen. I'm telling you, you are recreating yourself in righteousness. So this man, Amen, the new man, he rejoices in studying the word. Is that amen? He rejoices in meditating on the word. He rejoices in a life of prayer. His life pulls towards fellowship. We in the sense that new man cannot pull away from fellowship. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Because he's not a leper. Amen. is leprosy which breaks away from the body. Praise the Lord. So this new man loves the brotherhood and will produce the nature of the parent because it's being created in the image of righteousness. He will produce love. He love his brother. He produce joy. He'll never be gloomy. He produce peace. He produce longsuffering. And then he will produce the fruit of the spirit that has formed him into a new creation. Amen. And Paul says against such there is no law. There is no law that can reform you. I can come with a thousand laws. It takes the spirit himself to recreate the inner man so that he can take control of the outer man. It is the lived life of Christ on the inside beginning to bear fruit. So the allegiance of your mind changes from the natural mind where we think like the rest of the people to thinking the thoughts of God. The thoughts of God are not positive and they are not negative. The thoughts of God are positive. The thoughts of God cannot imagine me hating a brother. So it cannot pass through my mind. The thoughts of God cannot come to my mind to adise me to stay away from church. No, that's not the mind of God. Let us develop the mind of God. Are you together with me? And live by the mind of God. Every morning you say, "I'm dying away from this. I'm dying away from that." Because you know who you are. You know the attitudes you have. You know the trouble that runs through your mind. Be like a Pope. I Amen. Amen. So looking at the origin of sin. Amen. Now let's go to Revelation 12 because we've seen that we've seen that leprosy in the New Testament speaks about a nature of sin. So Revelation 12 and verse 7 it says And there was war in heaven. War is negative. And it had never been there before. There had never been a sinner before. But then that's where sin is beginning from. A type of leprosy. And what it does is to detach men from God. And there was war in heaven. There was lepros and now the origin of sin and eating away the joints of the angels until two/3s were cut off. That's what leprosy does. You see, and there was war in heaven. Michael and his angels fought against the dragon and the dragon fought and his angels. So what exactly was seen in heaven? There was no smoking. There was no drugs. There was no alcohol. But sin is rejection of the divine order. Once the divine order is rejected, then the fruits of sin begin to come forth. Then you can lie. Oh, I didn't come to church because and you are lying. That means you've rejected the divine order and the fruit of rejection begins to come forth. So the war was a rejection of the divine order of the world and it causes the human spirit to live in a free moral ages without a thinking man's field without the instructions of God. Anything that comes in such a man's mind, he just does what he thinks is right in his heart. Are you together with me? So where is the driving force of man? Because man is a triune being. There is the body. This body here is a servant. is just a servant. Then there is the driving force which is the human spirit. This is where your imaginations are. This is where your conscious is. This is where your memories are. This is where your reasons are. This is where your affections are. This is where you live. That's where your home is. Amen. And the human spirit and this body here is just a serpent. So when your human spirit is negative, this body here will display what is on your human spirit. You cannot tell me brother I love you so much until I cannot even say God bless you. Your body is a servant. I love God so much that I cannot go to church. A servant. You are portray on the east side. Are you together with me? So this is where sin is manufactured from is manufactured from your human spirit and then your body becomes a servant. So a man in that condition lives with a constant eternal battle. That's why the scripture says that there was war in heaven. There was no cigarette smoked yet. There was no alcohol drunker yet. There was no nightclub yet. But there was war in heaven. And that's where now the imaginations Amen. And a man who is not subject to the word has a constant battle in his life. Every morning he wakes up. He's in a battle, a battle to love, a battle to submit, a battle to do that which is right. is in battle on a constant. Where does the battle begin from? From the mind. So sin is a nature. And that nature affected Lucifer in heaven. And when he came down here on earth, then he began to manifest the fruits of sin. Amen. You see where it comes from? Check your mind. How you think about the brothers? Just think, look at your mind and ask God. I die daily. I die to my mind. I die to my imaginations. I die to the things I love. I die away from these fashions. Are you together with me? So a man in that condition lives in a constant battle. Romans 7. He's in battle. Let us look at 14 and verse 13. The human spirit, your thinking area is where you cook and then your body can be able to manifest. Isaiah 14:13, for thou has said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven. This is the mind of Lucifer before he waged war in heaven. Where did it begin from? From the mind. It began from the mind. What do you think? What do you feed on in your mind? Why don't you reject the negative mind and say, "I died. Amen. He says, "For thou said in thine heart, I will ascend into heaven. I exalt my throne above the stars of God. I will sit also upon the mount of the congregation in the sights of the north." He's saying, If I cannot overthrow your kingdom, I will have another kingdom. He says, I will sit also in the sides of the north. I will ascend above the heights of the clouds. I'll be like the most high. The desire of his heart, a mind not subject to the world is where leprosy begins from. And kills the nerve center. Amen. Eating up the members of the body. But then you are unconscious of the pain. That's how terrible is. Your finger begins to be answerous. And now it's off this finger and it falls away without realizing pain. That's how bad leprosy is. You may not know that you are being eaten. And you may even attack the ministry simply because you are not conscious. You are a leper. You step on the fire. You are not even aware. The minister is just a position God gave to the priest to determine the condition of the leper. Are you together with me? Yeah. Just to determine the condition of the leper. And now if that leopard knew that there was a solution, Amen. like Hmon. Oh, praise the Lord. They would run to the prophet. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. So all this was running through the mind of Lucifer, the desire of an alternative kingdom to be like the most high. A mind not subject to the word. I told you is where begins from. Amen. Amen. Now we thank God for the prophet the message of the hour. Can we say amen here? We would have just read Bible stories. There was a leper and then he was healed and then he went to Jordan and then he dipped himself in the water. How do we connect it to our condition in the New Testament? We thank God for the message. Amen. So the prophet came out with a deeper insight on leprosy. He says in this message blinders. He says leprosy is caused by an insufficient diet. And it's not contagious. Are you together with me? Yeah. Some people say, "Oh, you know, lepros is contagious." He says, "No, it comes from false diet." So the prophet is connecting leprosy to the word a false diet in message water and separation. He says I just learned from some medical research the other day that leprosy is caused from wrong diet. That's the cause. That's what causes sin is the wrong spiritual diet. Leprosy that only God alone can cure. Are you together with me? He's telling you that's what causes sin is a spiritual wrong diet. Amen. So the people are malnourished are not given the all of God. Are you together with me? They are not given the curse of God. And many of them finally walk away from this precious. Why? because they are given the message in pieces. They are not given the workers of God. There are certain things that are cut out of the Amen. They don't teach on the seventh seal. They don't teach on the ministry of the son of man. St. Luke 17:30 Thessalonians 13 deficiency. Praise the Lord. Yes, sir. He says that it's wrong nutrition, a feeding deficit, spiritual malnutrition. will cause spiritual leprosy that will cut the people away from the body of the church. For us, we don't believe that because they were given only certain direction of the word and it caused a spiritual leprosy to them. Amen. Amen. in the New Testament. I said lepros is a spiritual condition. Now listen, so dealing with lepros in your testament was it was dealing with the outer man that was in the Old Testament. A shadow of things in the New Testament. And I want to tell you here that the Old Testament as it was, you know, not perfect worship. Much as there were certain physical things like a physical tabernacle, like the altars, the chemistry of the blood, the lamps that were slaughtered, but those were shadows from the true I mean from the pattern of the true worship. So the Old Testament priesthood ministered in shadows, but the priest mechs in the true tabernacle of your soul. for worship has moved from shadows to reality from the natural priest. Amen. To the spiritual priest, they kissed it. Oh, hallelujah. Hallelujah. In the natural worship, it was limited because the priest was a man. He was limited. But in the New Testament, the priest is the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Who is able to give you a change? Who is able to heal your leprosy if you can save this morning? Praise the Lord. Amen. He ministers in the center there and it's the center that must be taken over so that the body can minister righteousness. Do you see what I'm saying? The center must be taken over. The leprosy condition it attacks the center in the soul. That's why the scripture says the soul that sinnth it shall die it shall be cut off. So when he comes he comes like a high priest. The new testament he comes through the flesh. He goes through the spiritual and then he goes to the center and unites himself to you in a marriage union in an invisible union Christ will be born in you. That's what we need this morning. Amen. Amen. from the natural priesthood to the spiritual priesthood of Melism. That's why Paul says, "Know ye not that you are the temple of God and that the spirit of God dwells in you. And when the spirit dwells in you, it takes control of your human spirit. much as you still have battles to fight, but you've got a commander of the Lord's army living with you. Amen. You appeal to the commander, look at this temptation, it's almost taking me. You tell the commander, he dwells on the side of you. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And you tell the commander, I want to die daily. Praise the Lord. So, Amen. Amen. The priest Melisdc, the Holy Spirit, he ministers in the center, in the real tabernacle, not in the shadows. Know ye not that you are the temple of God? Amen. Amen. And in the Old Testament, the priests gave daily sacrifice daily ministration. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And the priest, the Holy Spirit, once a daily ministration, reveal this word, this word, that wickedness, the other weakness. Praise the Lord. Old Testament dealt with the first and second of a man body and human spirit. Are you understanding me? That's where the Old Testament would end. Brother Brham says in the anointed, notice the very day when this messenger, not when he starts on but when he begins to declare his first pool healing. Second pool prophesy. Third pool, the opening of the word, three pools. But the Old Testament worked with the first pool and second pool. Pentecost works with the first pool, second P, healing of the natural body, and then discerning of the human spirit. Amen. Amen. So that's justification, sanctification, they don't go beyond that. Are you still there? Amen. So the first pool and the second pool was God dealing with the natural man. Because I told you the car can man this body and the human spirit which activates it to live. that the spiritual man in the soul that comes from God and must be quickened for a man to overcome man. You'll give this man 100 loaves, but unless that seed on the inside has been quickened, the body will remain a servant to sin. Are you together with me? So the first pool and second pool is God dealing with the natural man. But the purpose of these two pools is to bring a man to the revelation of Christ. Are you together with me? Amen. So I want you to see I want my interpreter to step down. Go down right there. Now turn this way. There are steps here. This man here is weak. I must motivate him. I'll give him the first P and then he stands there. He's motivated that I can grow further. I give him the second. I bring him here. But the purpose is to bring him into the third pool the revelation of Christ. Amen. That is the purpose. The signs and wonders, the miracles, the preaching on sanctification is to bring a man into fellowship with Christ. So that's what brother Brener means by a pool. Amen. Now when he starts by the first now he said here in this quote here not when he starts but when he begins to declare the message. So the first and second pull are you together with me is when he's starting but when he begins to sound the message that's the third point. Amen. Because the entire purpose was to bring man into fellowship with God. And that's what every ministry is concerned about. So the first and second book, let me take you back to now. Amen. It is God dealing with N's natural condition, the healing of the body. And that's where the believer want to stop simply because it can produce immediate result and a man can see a miracle. I know God is great. God is great. Yes, he was great. through his ministry and healed many people. He raised the dead, he opened the blind eye, the purpose was to bring the people in the upper room. Whoever didn't get into the upper room to the true bashing of the Holy Ghost into the revealing of Christ, whatever he had here was inquession. The purpose is to bring you into fellowship with Christ. Okay. Leprosy is an undesirable condition that comes from unbalanced diet. Amen. Amen. And we need to give the people the entire council of God. Are you together with me? So that we feed them with all the vitamins, vitamin, vitamin A, vitamin B, vitamin C, vitamin B, vitamin C, and B16 and all these kind of things so that we can build the spiritual body of the believer and as a person feeds then the leprosy begins to phase out. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. So now I just want to tell you that God doesn't want you in the condition where you are. He wants you into fellowship with him. Coming to church is not enough. Amen. When you are a leper of some kind, God wants us in fellowship with him. But yet leprosy does not allow us to enter into fellowship with. So the word that we hear and feed on the message of the hour deals with the lepous condition so that we can come into fellowship with God. How many want fellowship with God? Not just coming to church fellowship with God. So that at home you are in fellowship with God. At work, you are in fellowship with God. When you come to church, you are not coming to meet brothers. You are in fellowship with God. Amen. Amen. That's what we are here for, friends. So, brother Brennham tells of a dream of a young fellow that was in shackles and was fighting to get free. I want you to follow this. Now, as he narrates this dream, he was dealing with a spiritual condition. So, we shall dab it leprosy. So, I would not be able to tell what kind of shackles are binding you because every one of us wants to be free. Whom the son of man sets free is free indeed. We don't want to feel shackles, shackles of hatred, shackles of malice, shackles of competition, different shackles. We don't need to be part of shackles. Amen. Amen. And you are the only one who can tell part of me is in the shackle. And then you tell God, "By the time I leave out here, I want to go thanking you because they've got a prophet in the land." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. He has been given the commission to feed the church with the word. As the church feels balancingly, Amen. then the leprosy gets healed, the shackles fall away. Amen. What shackles, I don't know, but a spiritual condition which you don't desire. That's your leprosy. Amen. Amen. He wants to release you and bring you into fellowship with himself. Are you together with me? Because justification like you never did it before. Sanctification is very good. The secret goal life goes. But that's not enough. The purpose is to bring you into fellowship until you come into fellowship with him. Your fallen shackles being nothing. Amen. Amen. So he says in this dream, I seen a brother Roy Borders. Roy Borders, a good friend of mine lives in California. looked like there is something wrong. His eyes were half closed. Maybe a cancer or something over his eyes. Someone was trying to pull me away from him. I screamed, "Breers, in the name of the Lord Jesus, snap out of that. It was a condition. He says maybe it was a cancer, but it was a shackle. And then he says prior than Roy Borders out of that and he just barely could speak saying brother to take something more than this. I just can't grasp it. I can't grasp it. I said, "Oh, brother Borders." He was calling him out, out of the situation, out of the shackles. That's what a minister does. The pastor stands out here, calling us out of the shackles. But the man in the shackles says it takes more than this. And I want to bring you more than this so that you can break from those circles. He say you know he says oh brother borders. So we are dealing with a spiritual condition where man cannot redeem himself. The condition of neon the condition he was in and it's like it. So there is a level of supernatural grace that transforms the life of a man. Amen. He didn't like it. You see? So the dream then introduces brother Brennham to another person and that is Mrs. Fento and at this point somebody is trying to pull the prophet away from these people. The other time pull him away from brother Bord this time pull him away from these people fetas leprosy and separates the people from the fellowship of the body. And she said, "Brother Brham, deliver us from this. This is a house of hell." Like the condition. And when he heard of a prophet in the land, he was running to the prophet to be set free. Aren't we happy this morning that we have a prophet in the land? Run to the message of the hour. Run to the message so that you may feast on the different vitamins to set you free. Amen. You see, this Mrs. Fenton understood the condition and said, "This is the house of hell. You've been misunderstood and you misunderstood these people too. Amen. Amen. Now that's the whole issue that the people misunderstand the minister and the minister misunderstands the people. But once a man is in shackles, he can't set himself free. There is a supernatural grace that must come down this morning to set Fenton free and to set Roy Borders free. Amen. Then this woman was saying these are fine people. Then he says, I looked over there. like a great big cellar, big walls down beneath big great cave and great iron bars 8 or 10 in thick and peep out of their mind. the arms and legs beating their heads like that and crying saying deliver the people. Amen. Deliver the people help us. We are in trouble. That was Mrs. Phantom no in a condition he didn't like he couldn't heal himself a spiritual condition. Amen. So I looked around and I said I wish I could because they were saying brother Brener deliver the people. He looked around and he said, "I wish I could." It takes a prophet in that and the Holy Spirit is the prophet in the land today. Amen. He holds the power to read you from that condition. Amen. Praise the Lord. And go on looking my little beauty body and them great big and those people in there and you couldn't get to them. Great big iron bar sitting close together. And I looked and they were beating their heads like they were out of their mouth. A spiritual condition that could hold great men in great big cellars and I seen some lights flickering around in there. And I looked and there stood the Lord Jesus with lights of rainbow around him. He was looking right straight to me. And he said, "Deliver those people." And he went away. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. In your condition, there is a light around you. the Lord Jesus Christ and he has given the authority to the ministry to declare are you a leper to declare you heal and then the Holy Spirit said deliver those people praise the Lord. So there was enough light in there to please the lepers and the authority was given to the ministry to deliver the people. Amen. We are here to deliver the people and not to bind them to ourselves. Amen. And I thought, well, how could I deliver them? I haven't got strength enough in my arms to break those iron bars. So I say house of hell, give way to the name of Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. That's the minister. Now he's talking to the house of hell. Give to the name of Jesus. Hallelujah. I want to tell everybody in the condition undesired there is a voice house of hell give way to the name of Jesus. Amen. Praise the Lord. And all the cracking and popping and the rocks rolling and the bars falling and people running, screaming, delivered and screaming at the top of their face. And he was all delivered. Leprosy, it disease the fats can be broken. Amen. and all the cracking and immediately the problem says I was screaming where the royal borders where are you where are you God is delivering his people borders borders amen are you bound in anywhere today holding you borders borders today God is delivering his people today. He's delivering his people. Not that we are not concerned about the strength of your fetters, but there is something greater than your fet. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Amen. Amen. So it's an addictive spiritual condition where only grace can set you free. Paul calls it the sin that easily besets itself. You easily quarrel and you don't like it. You easily fight. You don't like it. A sin that easily besets you becomes a shackle but it is a chable condition. It's a chable condition. Amen. The priest which is a spiritual office was ordained of God that in the course of his ministry he could discern the souls and declare them preach I mean lepers and in the course of his ministry he can start administering the different vitamins means to deliver the people. You come to church to be free, to be set free from those addictive situations. Amen. Listen intently to the examination. A doctor scans through and says that is temper. Now when he touches temper don't produce temper you know he's discerning you he says that one is rumor mongering you are going to split the church don't become mad because he is a priest he's discerning the leprosy the thing that could cut you off from your body. Amen. Amen. So the ministry examines the spots and the wrinkles. And if in the course of examination, you find yourself free. Why don't you step poor into divine fellowship with him? He has bread and wine for you. The word and the spirit once you into communion. Are you together with me? Condition. The word is the discerner. Amen. Of the intent of the word. I mean of the soul. So when the one begins to move by and you are touched a little bit just cry like Mrs. Fenton deliver us deliver us. So the priest in Acts chapter 2 verse 37, let us look at the priest Moses, the priest Peter. He's discerning the condition of the people. Amen. Amen. He preaches and he puts it to them that they crucified the Lord. Now when they heard this, verse 37, when they heard this, they were pricked in their hearts and said unto Peter and the rest of the apostles, men and brethren, what shall we do? Hallelujah. Hallelujah. They didn't quaren and brethren, what shall we do? There is a bomb in Gilead. Amen. You just need to be free. Amen. You need a minister to reach that nerve center. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. To go beyond your leprosy and get to that remaining sensation until you cry. and send men and brethren. What shall we do? That's the best response. When you are in fetus, you must cry for help. Amen. So now here the priest Peter he did so such and and asked the condition and asked the condition. Amen. and he dealt with the human spirit the lepous condition the rejection of the divine instruction when they rejected Christ and if they were touched to their heart when they were convinced and they were concerned the fetus broke loose and Dr. Peter, give them the prescription. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. Repent. And be baptized everyone in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. And you will receive the gift of the Holy Ghost will be burned from the side. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. I want us to take a little junction here. Do you love him? Amen. Amen. So there must be a soul healing in this Elisha season. Amen. Elisha season because the spirit that was on Elijah the prophet Malachi 4 is now on Elishah the church. So it's the time of the healing of leprosy. Praise the Lord. You see, so we need to go to where the first and second pool was supposed to bring us to. The first pool gave this man the first step. And the second pool brought him to the second. The third pool brings him to the area of life. Fellowship with life himself. I am the way, the truth, and the life. Not sucking around the first and second pull all the time. But awaken the city. It has been sleeping in the boat, but the storms of time are hitting against the B. Somebody must awake Jesus. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Somebody must awaken that CG. And there is a man here who can turn on the light. In this darkness, in this total darkness, the Holy Spirit is here to quicken our inner man. Amen. Amen. So, it's good bringing people. Amen. See, I think let me take you down here to numbers. Are you together with me? Amen. Amen. So, numbers 19, give me about 20 minutes, 30. Do you love the word? Amen. Amen. I know you do. Hallelujah. So Numbers 19:2, this is the ordinance of the law, which the Lord has commanded, saying, "Speak to the children of Israel, that they bring thee a red ha without spot, wherein is no blemish. and upon which never came yoke. Amen. Amen. The sacrifice, and he shall give unto the priest, that he may bring her forth without the camp. and one shall slay her before his face outside beyond the camp. So the sacrifice was taken without the camp not in the camp. It was taken outside the camp where sin was committed. You've lost fellowship and you hate the condition. You are outside the camp. You need to be reconciled to the fellowship. Are you together with me? Yeah. You need to come back to the car. But the sacrifice could not be done in the camp. It had to be done out of the camp because the cedars had gone beyond the camp and they were out sinning away from the temple. Are you together with me? That's where the sacrifice finds them. Now I want to tell you friends if you find yourself out of the camp the sacrifice is meeting you out of the camp today. That's where the sacrifice is meeting. Christ the sacrifice was not sacrificed inside Jerusalem where there was the tabernacle. He was taken beyond the city, outside the camp. If you feel you out of the camp, the sacrifice died out of the cup. Why? Because that's where you strength. That's where you get lost in the bar, in the nightclub, in all these things. sacrifice today is right there being sacrificed. Okay, that's where it was sacrificed. Amen. That sacrifice was taken without the camp. And the prophet says here in the message Israel and the church, Christ in the Old Testament, even the waters of separation, the red her, it could be a brown one. It had to be a red one, no spot on it. It had to be burned and then made into waters of separation and is to sprinkle the people after they had sinned and was gone outside of the camp. So the water was right there. How did they get the waters of separation? And what was the waters of separation? To separate the people from the sin condition that they can come back into the again, come back into the body because lepros had broken them off. Oh, are you together with me? I don't know what you are feeling today, but I know one thing that the waters of separation are still present. You can still wash and come back in and still be able to lift up your hands and worship God and say, "Lord, you are wonderful. Lord, I appreciate you. Lord, you are my savior. You are bringing me back in. It is possible. It is possible the fetterss can be broken. The waters are present. Amen. Numbers 19 verse 9. He says, "And a man that's clean shall gather up the ashes of the and let them up without the camp in a clean place and shall be kept for the congregation of the children of Israel for a water of separation. It's a purification for sin. Do you need waters of separation today? It is already there. The sacrifice shall never lose his power. until the last ransom together with me. Why don't you wash and come back to the center into fellowship? Brother Brham says in the message fellowship, he says then every man out of fellowship Come up fast to the waters of separation at the congregation and he was sprinkled with these waters. What was it? The waters spoke of a dead sacrifice that went before him. Are you together with me? because that blood went ahead. Amen. Amen. So the dead in his place and when we preach the word listen is not a denomination is on Christ the sacrifice who died in your state for sin instead. You are out of fellowship. Can't get prayer answered. Everything is black around you. Out of fellowship. Come back to the word. Now the word goes to cutting separates you. You don't have fellowship no more. You got yourself out of communion. That's the waters of separation tells you what you should do. So in your testament listener was washed [Music] to be restored to a natural fellowship. just join fellowship with people. But in the New Testament, the leper is the sinner that grace washes through justification, sanctification, and bring him into fellowship with Christ. Amen. There is a prophet in the land. Let me strike that and then God willing we shall get out of here. Now Elisha was a prophet in the land in the cleansing of God knows how to do these things. that girl had to be in captivity so that she could be a testifier of the prophet in the land. So between the old and the new testament there was another prophet in the land that's the son of man and he cleansed 10 lepers but only one went beyond the waters of separation and came back Are you together with me? Cleans lepers. A sanctified condition that allows you to come among the people. Not reports of sin anymore. Not that fellowship is bad from you. No, no, you are washed. Those are waters of separation. You don't drink. You don't smoke. You don't do all kinds of dirt stuff. You are not on drugs. You are not a prostitute. You are being washed. But what is the washing floor should bring you into fellowship with Christ. And when you come into fellowship with him, the pastor will not fight you about keeping time in church. No, you are in fellowship with him. You are in love with him. You are the 10th leper. You are looking for fellowship with him. Are you together with him? You participate in fellowship. You love the brotherhood. You love the world. You are part of a body. Amen. And your sin is beyond the group where you are. Are you together with me? You are looking at fellowship with Christ. You are looking beyond brothers and sisters come to church with you. You are in fellowship with Christ. And because we're in fellowship with Christ, a pill of fire and the pillow of fire is always a king with another portion of the pillar of fire. Because when you come to church, you feel greater, better when you listen to the tape at home and when you read the book at home and when the church doors are open. I am going to meet my brothers. Hallelujah. You have gone beyond the waters of fellowship. One time, brother Brandham was casting out devils. And when he was casting out a devil out of somebody, that devil was screaming to another person who had the same kind of spirit. That spirit should come and help this can call for fellowship who has been born again washed by the blood confessed with the Holy Ghost. How can you stay home when there is an assemb of the saint? How in Israel when they were coming out of Egypt? Do you hear me? God told I mean Moses told Pharaoh that let the people go and worship. And Pharaoh said, "Okay, let the mature ones go." And Moses said, "No, even our children, we don't leave them." How can we leave our children when we can afford to bring them to the house of the Lord? They grow into a problem. Bring them into the presence of the Lord. Somebody say amen. St. Luke 17. Do you love the word? Amen. Amen. I preached this in the convention last weekend. We had about 2,000 people and the Lord blessed us. Amen. Amen. St. Luke 17:12. And as he entered into a certain village, there met him 10 men that were lepers which stood a far off. They knew their condition. that they could not have access to fellowship and they lift up their voices and say, "Jesus, Master, have mercy on us." They were asking for saving grace. And when he saw them, he said unto them, "Go, show yourself to the priest. And it came to pass that as they went, they were cleansed, and one of them, when they saw that he was healed, turned back and with a loud voice, glorify God. The first and second pool brings him to the third pole, the revealed Christ come into fellowship. And he fell down on his face at his feet, giving him thanks, and he was a Samaritan. Jesus answer and say, "Where are where were they not 10 cleansed? But where are the nine? Where are the nine?" They stop at the first and second pool. First pool healing of the body. Second pool conviction of sin. Never do wrong anymore. And they thought that was enough. That was because he wanted them into fellowship. Where are the nine? Thank God you are the 10th leper. But where are the nine? God make me the 10th leper that goes beyond the cleansing of the human spirit that goes beyond the waters of separation into fellowship with Christ. Are you together with me? That's what we are here for, friends. Find fellowship. Listen, fellowship with God through reconciliation. He says it's good to come to church. It's good to be baptized and so forth, which is all right. But every month coming into this divine fellowship has recognized that before him went Jesus Christ with his own blood and he sprinkled the way and put the strips of blood over the door as he went in. Not like with the blood of an animal we his own blood stands in the presence of God tonight making intercession. I went before you and sprinkled the path with blood having boldness. to enter into the holiest by the blood of Jesus. Not by your works, but by the blood of Jesus. The boldiness for you to enter there. Will you enter into the presence? Amen. To find mercy and help in the time of need. So we thank God who has given us a prophet in the land. that has dealt with our condition and has not left us into the waters of separation but has married us to Christ. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Praise God. And now we know who we are. We are the bride of the living word. Are you together with me? There's a prophet in the land. pressing the pride in the cloth of the wording to him in a divine fellowship. And because this divine fellowship invisible union's here in fellowship with us, he's here. He's here. You know, he's he cares for you. That's why we have the waters of Will you go out there and say Lord break my fas. That should be our desire that the fetterss should be broken. [Music] You are begging. The leper cried and he says, "Master, have mercy." And I trust all of you are cleansed lepers from the blood of Jesus. But you have to take the next step, a personal connection to Christ. And then this body here will become a servant to report that this person is dedicated. He breaks the chain into fellowship. Amen. Nobody tells him come to church. Nobody tells him you have to study the word. Nobody tells him you have to love your brother. Somebody tells him that you you know you you you need to to to testify. There is something in him that pushes the master walks by his side. God bless you. God bless you. We thank God for the prophet in the land. Amen. who has been able to say house of hell give way to the name of Jesus and all of you walked out into his presence. May God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. God bless you. Enter into fellowship with him. That's why we are here. We don't come here to create groups and cocoons. Let's do this or let's no come here to have fellowship with God. This is the only house where we can find are you together with me? Yeah. making groups here and groups there. Life in that life is in the word. And God has commissioned the ministers to discern the souls of men to declare the sinner and to declare him healed. Are you together with me? Because you know the scripture says whosoever sin you remit shall be remitted. And whosoever sin you retain shall be retained. Your authority God has given to the minister. God bless you. Amen. Shalom. God bless you. Let us meet again on Wednesday. You are going. [Music] Let us get on our feet as we sing that song. He set me free. He set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke the bones of prison for me. I'm glory bound my Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. He said, "He set me free." [Music] Oh yes. He set me free. He broke the bones of prison for me. I'm glory bound by Jesus to sing. Oh, glory to God. He said once like a bird, once like a bird, all I dr. No freom from my sorrow I felt. Then Jesus came and he set me free. And glory to God. He set me free. Set me free. Oh, he set me free. He broke the bord of prison for me. I'm glory bound my Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. Now we are climbing higher. Darkness of night [Applause] [Music] away. My feet are planted on high above and glory to God. I am all he set me set me free. Yes, he set me free. He broke the B for me. I'm glory Jesus to see. Oh, glory to God. [Music] [Applause] Goodbye to sins. Goodbye to sound. [Music] Don't know this one day. I'm glory to my He set me free. He set me free. He set me free. Heat. Heat. Oh my Jesus. Oh, glory to God. [Music] Yes. Oh yeah. Yeah. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] There is going to be [Music] to see. There is a growing. There is a reason going to war. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Oh, we see you. Yes, you will. [Music] start to speak to [Music] you Jesus. We thank you Lord Jesus for your word Lord which has been revealed Lord. Lord Jesus Christ we've learned about the lepers Lord God that number Lord. Oh Jesus Christ who was stricken father with leprosy and Lord Jesus we see it father in a spiritual condition Lord God striking father your children you children sometimes Lord God feel an awareness Lord of the attack Lord God but Lord Jesus Christ there is a river of life there is the springing up boy Lord God Lord Jesus may your children Lord this time father have faith And may they deep in the word of God. May they come to the teaching of the word you know Lord having Lord Jesus the balanced diet Lord of the of the you know of the word of God. We thank you Lord Jesus Christ for today's word and for today's service Lord we have been cherished Lord we have been counseledled by God that Lord Jesus we may not remain in these same conditions Lord which easily father bind us Lord the besetting sins Lord God the natures of father Lord God canalities Lord God the attractions of the body Lord Lord Jesus we may die daily Lord God that we may maintain Father Father the cleanliness Lord God without the repro Lord Jesus. Lord God may our father minds be ped Lord. May we receive the new mind and that is the mind of the Lord Jesus. How do we achieve it Lord we achieve it Lord Jesus by the reading of the word like Daniel. Lord Jesus he was reading the word and he understood by books Lord Jesus Christ since we have understood father through the preaching of the word. Let us be like those people who are in the Bible. They went back home and they sought these things whether they were true. Lord Jesus Christ, we pray Lord God that you may walk with us Lord that you may continue with us Lord that the darknesses Lord God the heaviness Lord Jesus in our hearts. Those things Lord which hinders us Lord from uh coming to dine with a king to have fellowship with one another. May it be stopped Lord God. May the blood of Jesus sanctify us Lord holy that each and everyone may count themselves worthy Lord to come and be partakers father of the divine nature Lord of this gathering together as the Bible says we should not forsake the assemblings of saints but what causes the disorganizations Lord the going apart Lord it is Lord Jesus those sins which easily be saved your children Lord Jesus Jesus, your children, Father, have been pronounced free. They have been pronounced that their chains, Lord, their fetterss have been broken. And Lord Jesus, this afternoon, Lord, we call upon your grace, Lord, that that little light, Father, like a battle, may it shine more and more until your children, Lord, may recognize your presence. That Lord God, whoever is in the bars, Lord God, in the chains, Lord, in the cellers, Lord, with big walls, that the Lord has come this, this afternoon to break, Lord, the sellers down, that the man may set free, Lord God, may be set free. And whom the son Lord has set free, Lord Jesus, is set free indeed is really is free. Lord, we thank you, Jesus, for this word. And I pray father for the man of God the pastor Lord Jesus who has labored father Lord God to reach this us father Lord God to put us father on a higher ground. May you give him strength Lord. May you restore his uh health Lord and may you cherish Lord his strength and body that he may receive more strength and new mercies Lord God. We give you glory Lord. I commit the service Lord the evening service to your hand. May you Lord Jesus come and intervene. May you come and Lord Jesus oh God be with us still Lord we thank you Lord we give you glory and honor in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Lord we pray. Rise up and shine for your light has come in and the glory of God is risen upon you. Behold, the darkness shall cover the earth, but God shall arise, showing his glory on you. That's the way God does in the way God does to the blessing. He s is one for this day and the Holy Spirit makes it live is the word of God. Rise up and shine. Rise up and shine for your light has come. The glory of God is risen upon me. Behold the darkness shall cover the earth. Moon shall arise showing his glory on you. Amen. God bless you so much. Do you appreciate our pastor for this service? It has been a long time since he last ministered here [Music] more than seven weeks ago. I pray at least we'll be able to get him at least on every month at least around. Praise the name of our Lord [Applause] because he has many there are many calls outside where he keeps on moving. But we thank God for the message this morning. There is a prophet in the land. There is a prophet in the land. Praise the name of our Lord. And we thank God that we don't need to go to the USA. Praise the name of our Lord. But all that we have need of has been given to us. Just have your time. Put your time in these things such that you know this natural body does not go into deceitful lusts. Because those are things we face every other day. But yet we need to live cleaned. We need to live when we are cleaned. Praise the name of our Lord. So our sister Aio if you can stand up. Sister Apio thank you for coming. She actually came from and she fellowshipping with us. leader is woriing with us. You can sit down. She took our message seriously. You know to go and testify. So she testified to her colleague Mr. Okot. You can stand up. So we are happy to have you around. You may sit down. Praise the name of our Lord. and sister last time also came with a person. I don't know where she is today. You know, you need to continue on. We have brother brother is Joseph. You can stand up. He's from you. You are welcome to be with us. Praise the name of Lord. Other people are coming here for the first time. Okay, now we are not strangers. Last Sunday we gave out to English copies of this about the timeline of the prophet. So today we have Luganda copies. We have only 20 copies. So now if you want a Luganda copy, praise the name of our Lord. I think you would request our ushers out there to give you a copy. Praise the name of Then there is also a card here. It's an invitation card. There is a brother called Benjamin is a son to brother Baraza lamb of brother you can stand up brother Emanuel you can stand up is a young brother to brother Emanuel so they are saying the family of Mr. and Mrs. Baraza and the family of Mr. and Mrs. warmly invite the company of ine ministries to the wedding ceremony of their children Benjamin and Deborah which will be on 26th of July. The venue is at the restored faith tabernacle in that's less than three weeks from now. It will be a Saturday and that is the church of pastor Chon. So we are invited and then I would also request for your contribution. Praise the name of our Lord. Brother Baraza is more of part of us. Praise the name of our Lord. So today we having two services. We are coming back at 3 p.m. And then after the second service, we have the Lord's supper. Praise the name of our Lord at around 5:00. So as let us close with that prayer then we sing to God. Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ we thank you for coming down in our midst this morning to reveal to us father that the reason why you do all these things is you want us to continuously be in fellowship with you. We read in the book of Genesis chapter 3 how fellow how sin came and separated fellowship between you and Adam but through our Lord Jesus Christ. You brought us back into that constant fellowship. May you help us dear Lord that every day while we are living We may be in continuous fellowship with you in hearing the word, thinking about the word, testifying about the word and also living the life of the word and also praying and seeking your face. We thank for the grace you've given our pastor. We pray may give him more grace and strength for your services. Lord, even in strengthening the body of Jesus Christ as we are living at the time of the rapture that you may help each and every one of us Lord to live the life that's worthy of the gospel that each of us heavenly father may take on the image of Jesus Christ and Lord even as we break off now be with us during this lunch time and bring us again at 3:00 for the second service. May again grant speak to us Father and be with us during the communion time. We love you Lord and we thank you Lord and lift every need we have into your hands that you may bless us all together in the name of the Lord Jesus pray and ask this. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. We are coming back at 3 such that we have the Lord's supper start at 5. Amen. Amen. There's that song that says the great emasipator. Praise the name of our Lord. If we can have it as we go out. Once my heart and life was fated by the binding chains of sin, by the great mercy paid set me free to worship him. Hallelujah. Oh, bring glory. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Bless be his holy name. [Music] He is our great mercy. town. That's the song of the redee [Music] like a lost lamp. I was lifting [Applause] saw a place and the Lord found the singing she found me. Brought me to my father's home. Hallelujah. Glory, glory, hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Praise his holy name. is the redeemer king the song of glory. Hallelujah. Glory glory glor hallelujah. Sol the redeemer [Music] the song of the redee. [Music] Glory, glory, hallelujah. Send me his holy name. [Music] [Applause] [Music]
