################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-29 - You Must Prophesy Again         Pastor Katumba James         29.06.2025 - Katumba James.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-29
Title:    You Must Prophesy Again |        Pastor Katumba James      |   29.06.2025
Speaker:  Katumba James
Church:   Inner Veil Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 3h 35m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fu8nAypCxxo
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
together. [Music] the more [Music] I do the more [Music] to again. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yes. I join. [Music] [Music] Oh J. Oh yeah. Oh yes. God again. I do all the Wonder how [Music] I say [Music] God. I go to it and get [Music] Oh, yes. Yeah. [Music] I jo [Music] amen. Amen. He came and paid a debt for us. Hallelujah. Amen. Give me that song. Wedding music 670. Give me the last verse. Just want to sing one verse. Last verse. Go down. Yes. Soon. Soon we rise to live this land of sorrow. Yes. Soon we live. You see, soon we rise to live this land of sorrow. [Music] for the ceremony in the air. The father then will lay us through the lonely love splendor. Have you made your preparations to go there? We sing it again. Oh soul will rise to live this land of sorrow. Oh father of ceremony in the end. The father they will lead us through his holy land of splendor. Have you made your preparations to go there? Soon we rise. Oh, soon we rise to live this land of sorrow. Father morning in the air and the father will lead us through the holy love splendor. Open your preparations to God. Oh, this all can never hold me. Never any moment. I know I'll be gone. I'll be go for amen. Have you made your consecration? Are you ready for the rapture? Oh, save this all while this [Music] one will never hold me any one of these days I'll be gone where I made my sal and I have my way. Service is all can never hold me just anymore. Any moment I'll be with I [Music] sing lo sing [Music] your to carry me home. Swing Lord. Oh child, sweet child to carry me home. May I look on Jordan? Why did I sing him to carry me home [Music] after coming for me? Oh, sing. Oh sh [Music] may Oh say [Music] sweet child you're coming for me. If you get there [Music] before I go, just come before me to take all my faith say I am coming to you before to guide me. Sing Lord sing [Music] your coming for to me hope [Music] will see [Music] you coming Oh, I've got my mind made up and I wonder, have you made up your mind? Myus [Music] turning back. My Jesus. I've got my mind. I've got my mind made up. And I want just cuz I want to see my Jesus someday. Oh, I've got my mind made up and I won't turn up just because I want to see my Jesus someday. Oh, say now goodbye. Oh, I sing along with you. Oh, goodbye. [Music] As of sin, I sing no longer with you. Oh, I made up my mind to go that way the rest of my life. Oh, I made up my mind to go that way. The rest of my life. Say goodbye. Goodbye world. I stand along with you. The goodbye patience patience of sin. I stand no longer with you cuz I made my mind to go and the rest of my life. Oh my to God the rest of life. Oh say goodbye. Goodbye world. Goodbye this sinful world. I stand no longer with you. Oh, good night to see. I stand no longer with you. I made my mind to go that way the rest of my life. Oh, I made my mind that way the rest of my life. Oh, there is going to be a meeting in the air in the sweet sweet back by oh I am going to meet you the m over there in that home beyond the sky. Oh, such singing you will hear. Never heard by mortal ear to be glorious. I do declare. The go of son will be the lady one other meeting in the air. There is going. There is going to be a meeting in the air in the sweet by. [Music] Oh, I am going to meet you. Major over there in that home beyond the sky. Oh, such a singing you hear and never hold my mort here to be glorious. I do pray. Oh, and God's on will be the lady one another meeting in the air. Amen. There is going to be a meeting in the air. Hallelujah. You may get seated. Let's do one song here. Amen. Amen. As we be gathering our offerings, [Music] it's a Luganda song. I don't know it may not be there in [Music] those with the Luganda song books. 16 68. Amen. [Music] Sing it as bigger offerings. Jes [Music] We sing it again. [Music] Oh, [Music] I [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh no. [Music] deep [Music] of your to [Music] Jesus. touch. [Music] Oh [Music] Jesus. [Music] Oh god. [Music] Jo [Music] and Oh my god. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Amen. There is another Lugana song I want to sing with you. Shall we get up as we singing this morning? You say you say yes [Music] and you say you say you say you say Yes, you sana. [Music] [Music] I saw you say [Music] you [Music] say [Applause] oh yes I I saw you. [Music] You said [Music] my name [Music] I sing [Music] you all Oh, you say you say [Music] you say yes. [Music] Yes. Yeah. God and our [Music] [Music] sing. [Music] Yes, you need your [Music] sing. [Music] Oh, you say yes. Oh, yes. [Music] And you see you see as I [Music] go and [Music] Hallelujah. [Music] You see you sing. Yes. I'm in a good [Music] Father, we thank you for this morning for the grace you've given unto us to come into your presence. Lord, you said where two or three are gathered in your name, you will be there in their midst. And Lord, we appreciate that you're already in our midst. And then you promised also in your word that they shall be taught of the Lord, and great shall be their peace. May you speak to us, Father, that we may get that peace that you gives for your glorious father. grant to meet the needs of all your children. Lord, our prayer minister upon these meetings, Father, we also remember our pastors and ministers today that Lord, you may anoint him and use him, Father. We also remember the different prayer requests of many brothers and sisters who are not to come here today that Lord you may be with them where they have gone to even those who are sick and afflicted. We pray that you may touch them in such a special way and heal them in the name of Jesus Christ. Grant bless us all together revealing and manifesting yourself to us in the name of the Lord Jesus prayer and ask this. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. I greet in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. We thank God for the cool morning. Praise the name of our Lord. I bring greetings from pastor. He's still in Moza. So they are finishing the conversion today with brother Andreas. And just keep him in your prayers. Praise the name of our Lord. I see visitors among brother Ambrose. You are welcome with other brothers. If you can stand up for recognition. Those have come, you're welcome. We appreciate you coming. You're welcome. Our sisters, you may sit down. Thank you for coming to be with us. Praise the name of our Lord. So, we appreciate God for the grace he has given unto us and being back this morning. Praise the name of our Lord. I'd announce that we are going to have two services today. The second service being for the married people, those who are going to marry. But we shall not have the afternoon service. Praise the name of our Lord. And I pray that the Lord gives us grace to have it another time. I tried to wait on the Lord in the course of the week to get a message but I didn't get for the one for the afternoon but yet I had many sermons coming through. [Music] Praise the name of our Lord. I believe we shall call the married people's meeting in the due course when the Lord gives something on our hearts. On next Sunday we're going to have two services. It's the first Sunday of the month. I think just put on this. It's next. It's the first Sunday of the month. We are going also to have the Lord's supper next Sunday. So come prepared to spend the whole day at church. Praise the name of our Lord. We also want to appreciate those who turned up for the overnight on Friday and just keep on encouraging you that whenever there are services around always make sure that you are part of them. Praise the name of the Lord. Today we are going to have a long service. I hope now I'm not discouraging you, but I'm encouraging you that be prepared. Praise the name of our Lord. At least more than two hours. You know, God has given us a very beautiful message. Praise the name of our Lord. And I think this is the third service I'm preaching about going to testify to others. And I feel today we need to talk about you must prophesy again. [Music] So we are going to look more on the lifeline of brother Brham. the different things God was doing in his lifetime. And then we have printed out. You can get this information on our church website. When you go to our church website, in Ministries Ministries, you'll find all this information. So we just printed out we just got them out and printed them out and then those we shall be giving out these copies to each and every person who can read. [Music] They about seven to eight pages. We are sorry that we forgot to add more copies for Uganda. But we shall take note of those who can only read Luganda. We shall get them copies in the course of the week or next week. But then for those who can read English, each of you will have to get a copy especially if you are in from 13 years or 14 years and you are serious. Each of us should get it. And I would pray that you take time and read it and and let these things be part of you. So that when you are talking with somebody that God has sent us a message, you can even refer to what God has done and bring them in the current affairs, the things which the world knows, the things that have happened and tell them more about the Lord Jesus Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. And then the next service that I will come which may be a Sunday maybe next week after next week I want to take also another sermon on going out to tell people about Christ and then we shall talk about you know godhead water baptism and all those kind of different things and then we shall also give out some more trackcts which we have printed out. which you can use having scriptures to see that you can testify to your friends to your neighbors say that the message doesn't stop to at you. Praise the name of our Lord. Now before we got the reading of the scriptures, let me invite the youth to come and sing us that song about the message of the hour. Amen. [Music] [Music] [Music] is here is now our son. The bride is covering. [Music] The world is [Music] awake. [Music] Nations are breaking. Our prophet told us we believe the end is near. is here. Then is here is now at the bride is gathering. [Music] The world is ready. [Music] They show some great prophet. We believe the dead is here. Who are you singing? The holy one. for selfish [Music] their to [Music] [Applause] [Music] see his holy holy is the end is near is Now [Applause] the bright is gathering. Our issue [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] is the time of [Music] The angel came [Music] with a shout [Music] out [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] is you have you see the endless you see [Music] Allah [Music] turn [Music] 17 this message forever more. [Music] It's now [Music] [Applause] [Music] great. [Music] [Applause] [Music] is [Music] [Applause] [Music] now [Applause] [Music] the God [Applause] the perfect [Applause] we [Music] amen. Amen. [Applause] [Music] Amen. The end is here. Praise the name of our Lord. And we are very happy to be living at this end time. Praise the name of our Lord. We happy that the Lord send us a prophet and that's what makes a difference with others born again or saved groups because we believe the Lord has sent us a prophet and the prophet he sent us. He gave him the message. Praise the name of our Lord. And it is that message that prepares us for the second coming of the Lord Jesus Christ. Outside of the message of the hour, you can never be ready for the rapture. Praise the name of our Lord. And it's the message of the hour where the blood of Jesus Christ is because it is the word of God. And if you don't believe in the word of God, then your sin remain and your sins are not remitted. And so the message we have is where the blood is, is where the sacrifice is, is where eternal life is. Praise the name of our Lord. So let us stand up and have a word of prayer and take the scripture reading. [Applause] Father, how we are thankful unto you this morning that when we come to church here today, we don't come to handle a closed book, but it's already an open book. The seven seals have already been revealed. And the book releases us, makes us to identify ourselves, makes us to know that our names are written in and makes us to have that assurance that we are the children of God. We pray that father may speak to us again as father we go back to the things that have been already prophesied that you may also give us grace father that we can also prophesy these same things that we may be able to bring many souls into your fold those who have been ordained to eternal life. May the message be a real living episo in our lives. that may influence our thinking, may influence our speech, may influence even our lives that anything outside of the message may be completely rejected by us. We love you Lord. We thank you father and give praise to your holy name. In the name of the Lord Jesus, we do pray and ask this. Amen. We go to Revelations chapter 10. We're reading from verse 7 to verse 11. And our subject, you must prophesy again. So the Bible says, but in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound, the mystery of God should be finished as he has declared to his servants the prophets. And the voice which I heard from heaven spoke unto me again, and saying, Go, and take the little book, which is open in the hand of the angel, which standeth upon the sea, and upon the earth, And I went unto the angel, and said unto him, Give me the little book. And he said unto me, "Take it and eat it up, and it shall make thy berry bitter, but it shall be in thy mouth sweet as honey. [Music] And I took the little book out of the angel's hand and ate it up. And it was in my mouth sweet as honey. And as soon as I had eaten it, my belly was bitter. And he said unto me, "Thou must prophesy again before many peoples and nations and tongues and kings. May God bless his word. So we must prophesy again. You may be seated. Praise the name of our Lord. We must prophesy as you have received the message of the hour. God requires each and every one of us to take this message and speak it to the other people. And so you will be speaking the same thing, you will be prophesying. And you see the way God works out like when you read in the book of Daniel, the angel would come and reveal to Daniel the things. Now when Daniel gets these things, He writes them down and then he tells others. So he was prophesying and so even you see John on the aisle of Patimos you know the God sent his angel and then the angel would come and reveal to John these things and then he was told write them and put them in a book and send it now. And then now when he would get it and then he writes it and then the Bible says unto the angel of the church of Ephesus and then it went on like that. So now when the angel of the church of Ephesus when he would come to see John then John would give him the prophecy. Then the angel would go and prophesy by reading it to the people who are concerned and then also as we pick the same things and then we also prophesy to others. In other words, we tell others, praise the name of our Lord. Like you know that song that says go and tell it unto the world, praise the name of our Lord that the Lord Jesus Christ is the Lord God Almighty. So what you have believed, what you have received, you also go and tell others. And know Paul was talking about that we heard. And what we heard, we believed it. Praise the name of our Lord. And then he said, when we believed it, we also speak the same thing. We testify the same things. So you believe and when you believe it, you receive it. Then you also go and testify to others. Tell return to the world. Praise the name of our Lord. Let the others know that God has sent us a prophet. Praise the name of our Lord. Like now we are in the scripture we have read. The Bible says, "But in the days of the voice of the seventh angel, when he shall begin to sound. In other words, when he starts to preach, he says, "All the mystery of God should be finished, should be revealed." Now, we see that Daniel was able to see the mysteries when we go to Daniel chapter 12. And then verse 8 and verse 9 and I heard but I understood not. Then said I, oh my lord, what shall be the end of these things? And he said, go thy way, Daniel, for the words are closed up and sealed till the time of the end. [Music] Praise the name of our Lord. Daniel got the mysteries, but then he was told, "Seal up the book until the time of the end." And now when you look at the book of Daniel, he was talking about the redemption of Israel. And then he was talking about the great judgment. And you see all these kind of things coming out. And then John also in the book of revelation when he was seeing all these things he was writing them down. But then it reached a place here. Praise the name of our Lord. In Revelations chapter 10. And you know when the seven thunders uttered their voice in verse three and he said that he cried with a loud voice as the lion roeth and when he had cried the seven thunders uttered their voices. And when the seven thunders had uttered their voices, I was about right. And I heard a voice from heaven saying unto me, "Seal up those things which the seven thunders uttered, and write them not." But yet John was instructed in Revelations chapter one to write whatever he heard. But then here when the thunders utter their voices, he's told don't write them. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message questions and answers on the seals question 395 they were asking brother Brham have the seven thunders which equals seven mysteries already been revealed were they revealed in the seven seals but are yet but are yet not known to us as standards yet? [Music] I wish we get that. Praise the name of our Lord. He says, "Have the seven thunders which equals seven mysteries already been revealed?" I want us to follow that closely together. We want to prophesy again. Praise the name of our Lord. Say that somebody tells you ah you know the seven thunders have not been revealed. You can tell them where you get. Praise the name of our Lord. We must prophesy again. And you know it's the mysteries of the book that turn the hearts of the children to the apostolic fathers. Everybody can say I'm saved. I'm saved. I'm saved. All the denominations are preaching about salvation. Let us put that thing there. Praise the name of our Lord. Everybody is preaching about salvation. But how many are getting the people the true message to turn their hearts to the apostolic fathers to the original gospel of the Bible. Praise the name of our Lord. So, brother Brandham was asked this question. Have the seven thunders which equals the seven mysteries already been revealed where they revealed in the seven seals but are yet but are yet or not known to us as thunders? Then he says no they were revealed in the seven seals. That's what the thunders was about. They was to reveal the seven thunders that had uttered their voices and no one could make out what it was. John knew what it was, but he was forbidden to write it. He said, "But in the seventh angel, in the days of his sounding, the mysteries of should be revealed. The seven mysteries of the seven thunders should be revealed. And the seventh angel is the messenger of the seventh church age. Now the question comes, have we got the messenger of the seventh church age? Did we get the messenger? Yes, we got the messenger. If we got the messenger of the seventh church which is William Marion, then all the mysteries even the seven mysteries have been revealed. Praise the name of our Lord. So you don't wait for the eighth messenger. to come and reveal to you I wish you control the issues of volume there. So you don't need you know another person ah you know this book you know you need the five-fold ministry here messenger here all the mysteries that are in the book in the messenger of the hour praise the name of so you must prophesy again. Praise the name of God. Now in the message I want us to go to I sent some slides there. I just want to go to the message the bridge between the seven church ages and the seven. He says And remember, it comes at the seventh church age when the mysteries of God will be opened up. Praise the name of the Lord. That's the time at the end time when all the mysteries are revealed. So God has sent us a messenger, a prophet of the hour who has revealed the mysteries of God. Praise the name of God. He has sent a messenger, who has revealed the message of the hour and given the mysteries. Praise the name of the hour. And then in the message the bridge between the seven church ages and the seven seals brother says he says and the book open open the book and to off the seals that is the lamb of God. and he sent it down to the earth to his seventh angel to reveal it to his people. Praise the name of. So Christ, he opened the book of now when he opened the seals, then he sent the book to the seventh angel. And then the seventh angel comes down and then he reveals this book. So now in the message of the hour it reveals the mysteries. Praise the name of that hidden through all the ages. Praise the name of So we have the message of the hour and it's the message of the hour that turns the hearts of the children to the fathers. Praise the name of God. Let us go to the first he says but revelation 10 revelation 10 said his message was to reveal not reform. Reveal the secrets. Reveal the secrets. It's the word in the man. Hebrews 4 said that the word of God is sharper than a two-edged sword, piercing even the sand of bone and a revealer of the secrets of the heart. See this man is not a reformer. He is a revealer. Reveal of what? The mysteries of God where the church has got it all tied up and everything. He is to come forth with the word of God and reveal the thing out because he is to restore the faith of the children. to the fathers. The original Bible faith is to be restored by the seventh angel. Praise the name of God. You know the truth was lost during the ages and then they started bringing it back. You know Martin Luther just shall live by faith. inance and saying that when I suffer that's when I'm just torment themselves and I think that is salutation that if I suffer too much God will have mercy on me and God says for you have suffered so much you can have mercy salvation the just shall live by him is of the Lord. So Martin Luther brought that truth but not all the truth and then John Wesley followed up after Martin Luther and then he preached about sanctification. You must be clean. God wants a clean vessel. As you have accepted the Lord Jesus as your personal savior and now every church is preaching the same. Ah, you be saved and everybody saying I'm safe. I'm ask and I also raised my hand that I want to get saved. They said me Jesus, I believe you to be my savior, you remove my name from the book of the dead and write it in the book of the living, wrong confession. There is no book of the dead. And right now, God is not writing the names in the book of life. The names were written before the foundation. So if you accept Jesus as your personal savior and you follow all the way, praise the name of receiving the spirit of God. It means your name was written before the foundation. Praise the name of the gospel preaching. You remove my name, those things are not there. The names were written before the world was made. In the Bible, there is no book of the dead. It is not there. Praise the name of So they make them have a wrong confession. Now what if you confess in the wrong way? If you make a wrong confession, are you saved? Praise the name of So you see the very beginning is bad. when he says that I'm going but the Bible says he that believeth the book of Mark chapter 16 praise the name of our Lord Mark chapter 16 and then verse 16 it says he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. Now for them, you already baptized when you were still a child. How did you believe when you were still a baby? So what they do? They bring false confessors or whatever they call them. auntie and then they say we going to baptize this child and then they come and stand there that they are confessing for the child wrong. So when you tell people you must believe they will tell you I was baptized when I was still young false see how they are held up and now they now they start thinking how how will I be able to to leave the other thing leave But it has to be the power of God that gives you the ability and that comes by your continuous yielding to the word of God. Before you hear the true word of God, the true word of God washes you. Our sanctification comes by the word of God. If you say you are saved and you're not hearing the true word of God, you are dirty and the spirit cannot come. Praise the name of our Lord. In Ephesians, praise the name of our Lord. Ephesians chapter 5 and then verse 26 that he might sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of the water by the word. So it is the word of God. And what is the word of God? Because the Bible say that the gospel of the kingdom must be preached. What is the gospel of the kingdom at the time we are living? The gospel of the kingdom is what the spirit says to the church. That is the gospel of the king. What the spirit says by the message we have received. So now it's the message of the hour which is the ordained word of God that sanctifies us that cleans us. So when you outside of the message. Praise the name of no justification because what is judgment? What is unbelief is what God will judge. Unbelief in what? The word of God. Praise the name of Lord. So when they unbelieve the word of God, already condemned. So it's under the message of the hour that you can be justified. It's under the message of the hour that you can be sanctified. It's under the message of the hour that you can be filled with genuine baptism of the No matter now, what saved you? How have you got saved? What are you saved from? If you can't believe what the Lord is saying, praise the name of the Lord. So, we see that Satan is copying everything God has been doing. to hold people for himself people in our denomination. You know like when the movement of saved people was strong in the 80s was excommunicating people. Let's test them from buildings you know every every denomination. So now when they see that the youth are leaving their churches they know we better leave afternoon service for those people there. So they allowed the youth to come and take over you know the Bible says come out of Babylon. Babylon is organized religion. You have been a denomination and then you say you are saved. What are you saved from? When you are saying the same thing God has organized religion, organized religion, you know, rejects the leadership of the Holy Spirit. They have the leadership of men and they don't have room for the Holy Spirit. That's mystery. Praise the name of our Lord. So we have the message of the hour. And the message of the hour. Praise the name of our Lord is the one that turns our hearts back to the apostolic fathers. Praise the name of our Lord. The original Bible faith. is restored by the seventh angel. So now anything outside of the message is an impersonation. Praise the name of our Lord. Anything outside of the message of the hour, let me put it the other way around. Anything outside of God's ordained way is an impersonation. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the seven church age book page 327 and then paragraph one it says now this message of 4 and revelation 107 is going to do two things. Praise the name of the Lord. I hope every one of us has got their church age. Praise the name of because if you don't have the seven church age, you really need to get one. You have both the Luganda copies and even the English copies. Each and every one of us should have them. And every day these days We have a teaching on the seven church ages and I would every one of us especially those who have this smartphone and you need to be on the church forum such that you can receive the daily teaching on the seven church. Right now in the we in the church age of sim page 113 of the church age book and I believe the whole year we're going to be on that seven church age book every day take your time open your phoneain but for It can run the whole night and the whole day. But now this morning exultation, it may not even take more than three. How much? You can afford it. Take time. The exultation may be 20 to 30 minutes. Take time and listen. Take time and read the things. Praise the name of the Lord. It will help to stand stronger. Praise the name of the Lord. But many times you find few people are responding to them. And when you look at our church forum and then You see we are in hundreds of people and then you start wondering how about others we about 165 on the forum but how many listen but then sometimes it is interesting you can go to the church forum and then you find 10 people 15 people online but they have no time for the forum either on this one here the other one there we need to take time and take these things serious praise the name of our lord let us take time you know if the lord has chosen a certain path is for our good. Praise the name of God. Say that you are able to overcome the time we are living in. The message that we have got is the one that gives us the ability to overcome the evil spirits of the time. But if the message is far away from you, then you know the demons are going to take a hold of you. they are going to give other suggestion. You can be on Facebook like on Tik Tok after one after one kind of Tik Tok another comes another comes another comes you'll find that you want that or even Facebook Facebook from this one oh again there is this one there's this one here this one we need to take time in the things of the lord praise the name of our lord so here he says in the seven church book page 327 paragraph one. Now this messenger of Malachi 4 is going to do two things one according to Malachi 4 he will turn the hearts of the children to the fathers. So there is no way Our hearts can be turned to the Bible truth without the messenger of the seventh angel. Revelations 10:7. Then he says two, he will reveal the mysteries of the seven sanders in Revelation 10, which are the revelations. contained in the seven seals. It will be this divinely revealed mystery truth that literally turn the hearts of the children to the Pentecostal fathers. Praise the name of the Lord. So it is the revelation of the word that turns our hearts back to the Bible truth. Baptism in the name of Jesus Christ. Baptism by immersion. God being one, not a trinity. Women not preaching. Praise the name of our Lord. A lot of Bible truth. Praise the name of our Lord because that's what the apostles were believing. So then we have the message of the hour that takes us back to this Bible. And that's what John was being told. Go and eat that book because the book was open. We have got an open book. So you go and get the message of the hour. You eat it. Praise the name of the Lord. And the Bible say it is sweet like honey in the mouth. But then it is bitter in the belly. But what do you do? You must prophesy again. You go and testify about this. Tell it. Praise the name of our Lord. The Bible says what you hear in the bedroom or in the bed chamber, go and tell it on the rooftop. Tell others about it. That's what Paul was doing. Go and tell them how the Lord Jesus met him. Even after 20 or 30 years, that experience was fresh in his life. Even you The time you came in the message, the time God opened your eyes and you knew this is the truth. Testify about that. Tell somebody else about that. Praise the name of God. Don't be ashamed of your conversion or your belief in the message of the hour. Tell them I was in scripture union and then they told us about ABCD but then they were telling us that the message of the hour is false. Then what happened and then you tell them about how the Lord opened your eyes. I was in this kind of denomination and then I heard the truth like there's a brother yesterday. He's a pastor in one of the churches in. And then he said he first heard the message of the hour on our radio programs and then a sister told his sister told him. There is a message they they put on the the radio. Go and listen to it. And so he turned up for that Friday program. when he heard he said his heart was complet completely settled and then he started looking for where are these people I want to be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ I want to take all this message and he says he's not comfortable anything outside of the message but his heart is always rejoicing when he hears the message Go and tell it to the world. Praise the name of our Lord. Tell others. Let others know. God has sent us a prophet. And that prophet has revealed all the mysteries of God. And this is where the the the light of God is. This is where the salvation of God is. Praise the name of our Lord. preparing people for the second coming of the Lord. So he says the message of Malachi 4 is meant to do two things. The first thing praise the name of our Lord to turn the hearts of the children to the fathers. talk to them about the Bible truth we have because it is these mysteries that will turn the heart of the elect. It is these mysteries that catch the ego [Music] not eating But there's something higher than that. We want to get the eos. But the eagles look in the sky. Praise the name of our Lord. They pick up those mysteries. They pick up those prophecy. They pick up the revelations. That is ego food. Praise the name of And these are the things we need to take out. You must prophesy again. But how will you prophesy if you have not eaten the book? Praise the name of our Lord. How are you going to prophesy if you have no time to listen to the daily exaltation teaching on the church age book and just don't have time or you just go on your bed and then you lie down when is playing then you're also sleeping you're not eating you need to be attentive Where is the spirit flowing? Praise the name of how is the spirit going here? Where is the spirit taking us? Like I believe it was the Friday exaltation. You know where you know El was telling Elishah if you see me taken away from you. Now Elisha had to be attentive. The same thing with us. You have to be attentive. When the spirit turns this area, you are following. When the spirit turns this area, you are following just like when brother was under discernment. You know there are people in the line in the prayer line. So the Holy Ghost will be discerning this person. The Holy Ghost can leave this person and then it goes to somebody in the back. He has to follow where the spirit was maybe goes in the back then again comes to the front maybe goes you know to the balconies you just have to follow the leadership of God and that's the same thing with us. We need to be led by the spirit. So it is the mysteries which are revealed that turn our hearts to the apostolic fathers. But if you don't know those mysteries, you've not heard of those mysteries. How is your heart going to be touched? Praise the name of Lord. So we need to see that we take the message very serious. Read these books. Hear these sermons. Take time. Meditate upon these things. Think about them. And after you have thought about it, they are part of you. Take them to another person and start testifying. God has sent us a message. We have a message of the hour. You must prophesy again. But you prophesy what you have. But if you don't have it, how are you going to another person? Praise the name of our Lord. Yet we are meant to prophesy. Praise the name of our Lord. Now we see here that the book of mysteries, the seven sealed book, praise the name of our Lord, is the same book which is the lamb's book of life. Praise the name of our Lord. And that same lamb's book which he had the names which were meant to come, Adam lost it in the garden of Eden. Now in the message revelation 5, brother says now our redeemer, our kinsman is handed the seven sealed book of redemption. He handed the seven sealed book of redemption. original owner. The original owner when we lost it at the garden of Adam, when we left it at the garden of Eden through Adam, it went back to the original owner. So, Adam had the book of life. Praise the name of our Lord. Now still in the in the message the bridge between the seven church ages and the seven seals. He says and I saw a strong angel proclaiming with a loud voice who is worthy to open the book and to lose the seven seals thereof. Now remember, let us read first verse again. So we get it together. I saw in the right hand of him that sat upon God. Who is that? The absolutely original holder of the book of life. He holds it. God does. When Adam for it, it went back to the original owner. So now when you see that it is a sealed book and it is sealed with seven seals. That is the book which has all the names. That seven sealed book is the book of redemption. That seven sealed book praise the name of our Lord is the book of life. It's not a different book. So, Adam had the book of life. So, now when he lost that book, it went to the hands of God. And when Christ picks it, it's the book of redemption. It's not different. It is the same book. Praise the name of our Lord. Now, in the message greater than Solomon is here, he says, "Grant it, Lord. that the kingdom of God will soon be established in the earth. You are coming for your delegates. One day the lamb is going to leave the sanctuary. Come forth to take the book out of the right hand of him that sat on him. When man transgressed and the book of life went to its original owner, man, all life was lost. And there was no man in heaven or on earth that was worthy. But a lamb come forth, a blood lamb, that had been slain since the foundation of the world that come and took the book of redemption and opened it. Praise the name of our Lord. God, may my name be there. May every name here be written there that has been redeemed in this great plan of redemption. Praise the name of our Lord. So the book of life is the book of redemption and that's the same book that was sealed with seven se. It's not different. It was with Adam. when Adam lost it, Christ comes and receives it. You know, Adam in Genesis one and then verse 26, that's why he had the book because the Bible said, God made man in his own image and his own likeness. So, Adam was the son of God. He was made in the image of God. He was made in the likeness of God. Adam had the ability to bring children who are sons of God. But now when sin came in Genesis chapter 3, Adam lost that book. Adam lost that ability to bring children who are in the image of God and in the likeness of God. Adam Adam lost the book of life. Adam lost the ability to call the names which are in the book of life. But our Lord Jesus Christ give us back that ability. Praise the name of Lord. In Adam we were born to die but in Christ we are born to live eternally. That's why Jesus said unless a man is born again he cannot enter into the kingdom of God. It is only the Lord Jesus Christ that will receive eternal life. Adam had that ability before the sin he lost the ability to bring children who are eternal. He instead produced children who died. Praise the name of our Lord. But now we are living at the time that if you have heard your name in the book, you can also call another name. Praise the name of our Lord. How do you call another name out? You must prophesy. Praise the name of our Lord. the message you had received because the message calls your name out of the book of life. When you receive the message and so if you have the message, you can also call another name out of the book. How do you call another name out of it? You must prophesy. Tell them God has sent us a message. Tell them we have a mercy praying us for the coming of the Praise the name of our Lord. So we have the book of life. We have the book of redemption. Praise the name of our Lord. In the message, the seat shall not be here with the SH. He says that's why the rapture, the bride, the wise virgin, the called out, the four ordained, the elected. Why? Then he says, "You businessman would not run your office like some people try to think that God runs his program. Let me save this one. Maybe he will leave. God knew things before the foundation. Praise the name of Lord. So if God has opened your eyes to the message of the earth, don't think about backsliding. Don't think about it. God is not that person to bring you from there to destroy somewhere else. No. That's what brother is talking about. Just have faith in God and then you'll have enough strength to overcome. The thing of it is learn to call upon the name of the Lord. When you are stuck, Lord, I'm stuck. Confess it. [Music] Don't be understand. Even him wants to see what you you will do and also waiting for I don't know what I'm going to do. Even God is wondering why don't you know what you are going to do. When he says whoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be delivered. Go and pick the promises of God which relate with the situation you are going through and then talk to the God. Lord you promised me Lord you promised like Daniel the Bible say understood by book how about you You have to understand by books, understand by the message of the time that we are living. Daniel knew that the 70 years had come and God was waiting to find out who of them is concerned about what I put in the book who is concerned so that you go to God in prayer. Lord, you promised this. Lord, you promised this. Lord, you promised this. Take your condition. Take your situation and bring it to the Lord and say, "Lord, according to your word, you've told me in Isaiah one verse 16 and verse 18, that all my sins be as red as They shall be white as snow. So you don't look at your dirt sins. Look at being as white as snow. And then you mention it to God. I have this weakness. Lord, there's a promise here that I can overcome and I want to overcome. Praise the name of the Lord. I say we live a victorious life. Praise the name of the Lord. It's by depending upon God, they that wait upon the Lord, they shall renew their spirit. Master waiting on the Lord, you master it. How you can wait on the Lord. Have time for the Lord. Time to pray to him. Time to read his word to think about time about it and then you'll become stronger. Praise the name of God. Like an eagle, you know, an eagle flies. You should not be flying also. Take the message. You must prophesy. Praise the name of the Lord. So then he says here, God knew before the foundation of the world who would be saved and would not be saved by predestination by foreign knowledge. He knew every member, put every name on the lamb's book of life before the church ever began. Jesus come to seek and save that which was on the book. He bought the book of redemption. It was lost and he redeemed us and all names on that book was redeemed when he redeemed us. Are you part of the redeemed? Amen. Why have you come to church? We have come to testify. I know my name is in the book of life. Praise the name of God and you know the names are called by the word of God. You check your desire about the word of God. If the word of God means nothing, there's something wrong with your life. But if the word of God is so dear to you, that means your name is written. Praise the name of our Lord. And then there's another quote here which I liked. Praise the name of our Lord. In the message the invisible union of the bride of Christ 307 he says that's my message to you church you spiritual union by the word praise the name of the lord that should be your desire Let me be united with the world. Praise the name of the Lord. Let me be one with the world. And now the Lord Jesus saying, you in me, I in you. Lord, my desire is to be in you. Praise the name of our Lord. My desire is to be in you, Lord. That should be your heart's desire. Lord, I want to be in you. Praise the name of a question. Sometimes I go out in the missions and ask people. I can ask the same question. Now, how many of us want to go to heaven? Some some are not sure. There is a better heaven than earth. So many of us want to go to heaven. all of us. But the Bible say heaven will pass away. So where are you going to be? Praise the name of the Bible says heaven and earth are going to pass away. [Music] Now where are you going to be? Amen. I'm going to the Bible says will pass away. Where will you be? Praise the name of Lord. We can pick that scripture. Praise the name of our Lord. Let me get the verse here where the Bible says heaven and earth will pass away. Praise the name of our Lord. Okay, we go to we go to Matthew 24:35. Now the Bible says heaven is going to pass away is going to pass away but what cannot pass away the word. So when heaven is passing away and earth is passing away be in the word. Praise the name of So when the heaven is passing away when the earth is passing away I'm in the word and you don't wait for that time to be in the word. Get in the word. Praise the name of our Lord. That's how safe you can be. Whoever the word desires you to be. You will be there. If the word wants you to be in heaven, you'll be in heaven. If the word wants you to be on earth, you'll be on the earth. If the word want you to be in the air, you'll be in the air. How the word of God is so rich right now. The word of God want you to be on earth. Why does it want you to be on earth now? that you may prophesy again. And then get other people, you also get in the word. When your time to sleep comes, the word takes you to heaven. Praise the name of our Lord. When the rapture comes, the Bible says we shall be in the air with Christ again. The word will put you in the air. So just be in the word and the word will take you to the right places. Praise the name of when you are in the word now. You not go to the disco. Praise the name of when you in the word. You not go to the bar. Praise the name of Lord. When you in the word, you'll not go to pool tables and when you in the word, you not go to, you know, betting boosters. No, the word will not take you there. The word, praise the name of our Lord, will take you to places he's happy with. Praise the name of God. So we need to be in the word. Praise the name of God. So then he says here in that message that we must be in a spiritual union by God. Praise the name of God. Then he says if you are born again that little jump that was predestinated to you it is word coming on word on word come into full stature of Christ. That is right. So he can come to get his bride. We are just ready for one thing, the coming of the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord. Then he says there is your name on the book of life. And he says the book of life is the word of God. Praise the name of So now when you get the word of God, you are hearing your name. Praise the name of So it's not that maybe it is this and this. But the word of God is the book of life and the word of God is where your identity is. Your being is in the word of God. That's why you need to be united. Let the word dwell in you. Why? That's your identity. Praise the name of our Lord. The word of God is the book of life. The word of God is where the names are written. Praise the name of God. Like when you go for a role, maybe you in class or maybe a big congregation and people are very happy to hear their names being mentioned. Ah brother so and so. Oh Mr. and so everybody would want that's what the word does. You want to hear your name. So even you if you know your name is in the word of God cherish the word of God. Oh I want to hear my name. But now these rich people. They get top musicians and then they sing a song in their name. I think it's called something. So everybody puts that song. Now somebody may not sing about your name, but the Bible sings about when you take it in your heart. You become the reflection of Jesus Christ. Praise the name of the bride of Jesus Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. And then he says the book of life is the word of God because the word is God and God is the only thing that is life. So your name was represented in the Bible before the Bible become praise the name of God. So the name in the book Receive the word. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message questions and answers, he says nothing will be saved only those whose names were put on the Lamb's book of life before the foundation of the world. Jew or Gentile, that is all. The book holds that mystery and the book is only unfolding it now, not not each each one's name, but what the mystery of the book is. what it the book is while it is calling those names. So when you hear the mystery of the book or what is written in the book and then you receive the mystery you get the revelation that's your name being called out. So you receive Christ by revelation. Praise the name of God. Like Peter, Jesus was asking him, "Who do men say that I the son of God?" And then he's saying, "You are Christ the son of the living." And then Jesus tells him, "You have not learned of men. You have not learned of fresh and blood. But my father which is in heaven has revealed this to you." So the question is, has it also been revealed to you? When it has been revealed to you, then you've heard your name. Praise the name of Lord. And so as our names have been called, we have believed the mysteries of the Bible. We have received the revelation of the word of God. Let us go and prophesy. Tell it to others. Testify to them. We have the truth. We have the message of the hour preparing us for the rapture. Praise the name of our Lord. That's how their names can be called out. Praise the name of our Lord. And then he says, you understand that the book doesn't say now Levi is going to be saved in this time of this church age. or no, it doesn't say that. It just shows the mystery, unfolds the mystery of what the thing is, but we ourselves by faith believe it. Praise the name of our names called. So that's why he say that it is the mystery truth that turn the hearts of the children to the fathers. Praise the name of so you have what you can prophesy. If you have found your name in the book, you can also open the door to others. Praise the name of our Lord. Like the Lord Jesus saying, I have the keys of death and hell, but the keys of life, keys to the kingdom of God he has given to us. So if the door has been opened to you, if you have heard your name being called from the book, you have also got the ability to call the names of others from the book. If you have already entered into the kingdom, you have the ability. You have the key to open the door for others. How do you open others enter into the kingdom? Testify about the Lord Jesus Christ. Tell them we have a message. Tell them we have salvation. Tell them to be ready for life. You are opening the door to them. Praise the name of our Lord. That's how it works. You must prophesy. Praise the name of our Lord. How many of us are going to prophesy? Yeah. We start immediately in your family. Tell them what you believe, where you work. Tell them what you believe. Your neighbors, tell them what you believe. Praise the name of God. Or maybe you have gone to the salon or they are cutting your hair or you are sitting at your home or another woman is making your hair. Prophesy to them. Tell them, "We have a message. We have a message that changes people's life. We have a message that can bring true children and daughters of God. Tell them about the goodness of God. Praise the name of our Lord. You must prophesy. Praise the name of our Lord. And that's what the Lord is looking upon us. Praise the name of our Lord. Now let us turn to the timeline of the prophet. Praise the name of our Lord. God sent us a prophet. Praise the name of our Lord. We can pick up some scriptures. Now in chapter 3 and then verse 7 verse 8, praise the name of our Lord. 3 verse 7 verse 8. The Bible says, "Surely the Lord will do nothing, but he revealth his secrets unto his servants, the prophets. The lion has roared. Who will not fear? The Lord has spoken. Who can but prophecy?" praise the name of our Lord. So the word of God comes to the prophet and the Bible promised us that in the days of the voice of the seventh angel in Revelations 10:7 that the seventh angel. Now this angel is talking about is the angel of the church of loudia in revelations 3 verse 14 where he says unto the angel of the church of loudia write these things says the amen faithful and true witness the beginning of the creation of so you see that in revelation Chapter 3 verse 14 is saying amen. When does a man come? At the end. So is the seventh angel who has been given the mystery to come and reveal it to the child. Praise the name of Lord. And even now we see that in Revelation 10. Praise the name of our Lord, Revelation 10. And then verse six, the Bible says, "And swear by him that liveth forever and ever, who created the heaven and the things that are in, and the earth, and the things that are in, that the sea and the things that are in, that there should be time no longer. So when does that happen? In the seventh church age, you know that's when the mysteries are revealed. So the mysteries are revealed at the end time and the mysteries have been revealed. Praise the name of Lord. So we are at the end time. God has sent us a prophet William. The denominational world they don't want it. They don't want somebody to talk about speak about it. But God has sent a prophet with a message in this end time that prepares people for the second coming of the Lord. We have a message. You must prophesy and tell others. How will they know if you don't tell them? Praise the name of the Lord. How did you know? if somebody didn't tell you. So we have a responsibility to tell others, we have a message that prepares us for the rapture. Praise the name of our Lord. So we see that brother Brham is the seventh angel. The angel of the church of Lord this year is the seventh angel. Revelations 10:7. And God gives him all the mysteries. Let me say this. All the mysteries have been given to us by the angel. The prophet of Malachi. Now, brother was a prophet of God. And the prophet of God, him as the prophet of God, as a messenger of the church end, God vindicated his ministry. Not one year, not two years, but for many years from the first time he got the vision, when he was seven years, that vision came to pass. After the time was 56 years, he was seeing multit of vision. He got thousands of vision, thousands and tens of thousands all the time. The spirit of God would be showing, showing him this, showing him this. And they were coming to pass. Some of the things we can know that brother Brham prophesied before they came to pass. Praise the name of our Lord. We can now turn to the timeline. Praise the name of our Lord. So we see that brother Brham was born on 6th of April 1909. And he was born Let us go to the chart I sent. Praise the name of our Lord. He was born in a cabin in a poor family in Kentucky in the USA. And when brother Brandham was born, the a strange light appeared. in the log cabin and it was hanging which is the pillar of fire. He was born as a prophet to the age. Praise the name of our lord. Then in 1916 when he was going to when he was being sent by his parents, it was in a tree and he heard a voice. You know, there was a lot of wind that came. Then a voice told him, "Do not drink, do not smoke. Do not defile yourself in any way. There will be a work for you to do when you get older. When he was just seven years, remove those signs there. Now, I'll refer to them until you put now the voice told him, "Do not drink. Do not smoke. not defile yourself because there's a work you're going to do when you get older. And now brother as a human being he would always try to be influenced many times. There is a time you know he was with his father and the father was making alcohol and then the father was telling him I have my son here just a here he doesn't even drink then he was telling his friend you see my son one of the children I've got to Then they gave him a bottle to drink. When he was bringing the bottle to his mouth, that wind came on the noise. He threw down the bottle. He ran away. And then the father say, "You see the sister. Then another time he had a friend and then the friend was asking him, "Hey, what do you like? You don't want to go to dancing. You don't like drinking." And then the friend was smoking. Okay, you get this and also smoke. So when he was trying to get the cigarette, bring it closer to his mouth, that came back again. Then he took off. several times whenever he was trying to do things like a human being that noise would come all the way. Now when he was still seven years in 1916, he saw the first vision. And in that vision, he saw a bridge being constructed over a river Ohio [Music] and he saw 16 people fell in the river and died. That was the first vision. After 22 years, that bridge was constructed on River Ohio, Ohio, which is called the Second Street Bridge in Losville. Second Streetville, it was built and 16 people died by falling into it. Then in 1923 he saw the vision of hell. You know this came about you know he was a hunter. So when he went to hunting his friend accidentally shot his legs. So he was taken in hospital in a condition in a critical condition. And when he was in that condition, dying, he got himself into hell. And when he was in hell, bottomless pit, full of darkness and horror, he cried God for mercy. And he promised God that if we let him come back, he will leave a good boy. At that time, he was just about 14 years. So, I'll be a good boy. He didn't know much about anything religion. They were not praying at his child. So when he came out of that vision condition when he came out of that condition because he had already collapsed he started just coming back and took time to fully recover and of course he didn't get back to God. So again one day he was working in New Albani Gas Works. New Albani Gas Works. New New Albani Gas Works. While he was repairing the meters, gas leaked poisoned him and he was hospitalized. The operation of appendix was done and he became weaker. Then again he got into another vision and the voice said don't drink don't smoke your body in any way I called you and you would do not go then he promised God that if you would go back to earth he would preach the gospel from the housetops to the street corners and after when he was dis because he after recovered. So he was discharged from hospital after that this time was serious. He gave his life to Jesus Christ as his Lord and personal savior and he was baptized in the water by immersion in the name of Jesus Christ. You know there are some people who want to be put in those situations when they accept Jesus Christ need to get into troubles. Some people are too busy for God. how sickness puts them on bed. Your beautiful office imagining it. Maybe your colleagues are saying they are saying that I'm the one who's going to take his position. I'm the one taking that. You know these places of work are very funny. They say when you become blind you can't do anything. When you become old you can't do anything. When you are incapacitated, bedridden, immediately they replace you and you find at the end of the day in whatever condition you are in, it's always your family that suffers with you. Your family learn not forget your family. Let work not make you forget your family. Let your achievement not make you forget. Let your friends not make you forget because they are with you even when everybody has rejected you. But more importantly in your good time. Have the Lord in your life because he will not leave you even in bad time. He's always there to help you. Praise the name of. So let us not love God when we're in troubles. Let us not come to for overnight when we have a lot of troubles. Want to marry overnight? I can't miss any overnight. Even when you marry come for the overnight [Music] even when you don't have troubles, come for praying and fasting. for me. I don't have anything to pray to God. The situation is just come. You are even a worse condition. When you say like that, I have nothing to pray to God. You are in a worse condition. Your troubles are too many because you are blind and you don't know it. And the Bible says blind, naked, miserable, poor, wretched. That's the condition of Licia because Ludicia was neither cold neither. Revelations chapter 3 verse 14 to verse 22. And God was telling the church, at least if you were hot, I would have known how to help you. If you are cold, I would have known how to do if you are lukewarm, you are religious as well as Satanist. You know we see them you know like nowadays many which doctors have become pastors many of them and people just go to their churches for miracles to do funny funny things there look you can't preach to them Jesus they say we know him we preach him but their life is contrary to Jesus That's the condition of Lord. Blind, poor, wraed, naked, miserable, and they don't know it. But their testimony is we have need of nothing. I don't need to go to an overnight. I don't need to come for your prayer meeting. That's the church of this year. May God help us overcome that condition that we can always desire God. Whether you have everything, you are humble enough to recognize that whatever you have is the grace of God. It's only God who can protect what you have. So you depend upon him entirely. Like David was a king. But David the king said, I was happy when they said unto me, let us go into the house, David, a great king. And then he say I would rather be a domat in the house of God and stay in the king's palace. He was saying my palace a doat in the church a doat in a church better than his palace. And then for us I don't have time but you don't have a like David. But you can't humble yourself and sit in the presence of God. May God deliver us from that door. Praise the name of the Lord that you don't sit back at home when the church open. I cannot miss for the judge service. The film is sweeter. Ah, this newslet. Okay. How many minutes are left? Okay. Maybe let me go the last minute there. Hey, praise the name of We need to get back in line. Take advantage of all the church programs, our radio programs on Tuesday. Tuesday evening, listen to them. Friday evening, listen to them. Saturday morning, listen to them. Sunday morning, listen to them. our exaltations. Take time and listen to me. Praise the name of our Lord. You know your heart is just thirsting for God. Praise the name of God. So when brother Brandham came out of that stretch, he accept the Lord Jesus as his personal savior in 1931. Then in 1932, he started the ministry. as a Baptist preacher. So in 1933, praise the name of our Lord in the month of June. He had seven major visions. It was a Sunday morning in June 1933. The Lord spoke to him and said that before the coming of the Lord or as it was drawing near, there are things that have to come to pass. Major events must come to pass. So he wrote them down as God gave him that revelation. There were visions, you know, one was coming after another. The first vision was he you can go and Google on Google maps and you'll find out these things as a fact. Google, Google and whatever you can find that information. In 1933 in a vision he saw Molin invading Ethopia and that nation fell. He took over it. And so when invaded Ethopia because he used modern arms and took over that country and the natives of Ethopia would not overcome it. Afterwards came to a horrible end when people his own people in Italy turned against him. that came to pass as the vision say now brother's vision they were definite not guessing he would mention the name of the person not there will be somebody you know there is some televangelist TV who comes and raises his hand. You know, I've always wondered how many people fell by Jesus waving the hand. Is it in the scripture? The only person I saw or I read about who fell down was the other soldier who was coming to arrest Jesus when he fell back. But then here he swings the handing anointing anointing. Where is the scripture for that? Anyway, these people they stand before the people. They are there, there's somebody with the back there and you find there are 10 people Are you saying they call their name gamblers? Brother Brandham was not like that. He was definite. He would see a vision, calls you by name, even tells you where you come from. sometimes tells you what even happened at your home or what happened in hospital what the doctor was telling you by seeing vision. Praise the name of that is a prophet not next year Uganda is going to become rich because he saw the oil is going to start flowing next year. That's not a prophecy. A prophecy you prophesy is even when things are negative show that is going to happen as a prophet not past predictions like those people on stock exchange is past times tomorrow the shares are going to increaseh it's not good to Ah, next year they going to fall. Then he buys many. When after he has bought many, they increase, he sells, gets his money. That's not a prophet. Praise the name of. So he was definite. So that first vision came to pass. Then the second vision it was about the second world war that was in 1933 June. A vision showed him the Australian Australia by the name of Adolf Hitler would rise up as a dictator and take over Germany and then he would draw the world into a world war. Seeing this in 1933, the second world war started in 1939 by Hitler, brother in 1933. And then he talked about all that was happening. How many troops were killed in that war? Tens of millions of people. But finally, Hitler was overcome and the vision showed him that Hitler came to a mysterious end. Up to now, nobody knows how it died. But brother Brandham saw this in 1930 and the Second World War was there from 1939. And still God showed him how the war stopped. It was God who stopped the war. It stopped at the same time. Praise the name of our Lord. We have got a prophet in prophesy. Tell others about it. We have a message of the hour. We don't have these prophets. Nobody says we have prophets who just want a title prophet. But when you ask him what did he prophesy and the other is a prophet and he begin selling heavenly places to people. Uganda's currenc doesn't work in heaven. Even the dollar doesn't work in heaven. Prophets, prophets, you buy in heaven know these fouses to sleep in. Praise the name of the Lord. So that was the second vision. Now in the third vision, the vision the the the vision showed him that the rim of world politics [Music] Because at that time there was fascism. Fascism was in Italy. There was Nazism that was in German. Then there was communism which was in Soviet Union. Soviet you know Russia was not as a country at that time. it was part of the big Ukraine and all those things around. So the current president of Russia, he wants to bring back all those countries that were part of Soviet Union and he's making sure because they made an agreement that the western world Europe and the US and Canada should not have any of military relations with former Soviet nation now getting there then the man is fighting back. So now he saw the vision that fascism and nazism will end up into communism. Right now even don't hear about them but communism is still there though not strong and then the voice said watch Russia. Russia was not a nation at that time. But now the spirit is looking at the end time. Watch Russia. Watch Russia. Keep your eye on the king of the north. That's what the voice was telling us. Watch Russia. Until right now, Russia is feared. Russia feared the last two years. They were threatening America, we are going to bomb you with nuclear missiles. And then they were showing America like a a mushroom. Then they were saying that the people in Mexico, they will see the USA as a mushroom burning. And they were telling them that we have nuclear bombs pointed on the cities of America. Brother was seeing these things many years ago. Now we see them coming to pass in our children. Praise the name of our Lord. Now the fourth vision he saw there was advances in science and technology after the Second World War until they made a vehicle which was like a plastic bubble. [Music] And that vehicle was running on beautiful highways under remote control. And people were seated there and they were just playing. Just playing. Just that. And the car is moving by itself under remote control. The thing has come to pass. But he saw it 1933. Praise the name of our Lord. When the cars were like boxes, you say the shape is so funny. But now people want to buy beautiful cars. sleek cars. Now then he from that vision he saw the fifth vision and the fifth vision was about the moral problem of our age. [Music] And it was most it was showing women that women When they began to go out of their place and then they started getting into voting, then they started cutting off their hair, showing that they're no longer under the authority of man, insisted on equal rights or even more rights than men. They started putting on many's clothes and now started also going when they are not dressed until the last picture he saw. He saw a naked woman with a small fig leaf just in front of a private part. The vision saw the terrible perversion and the moral pride of the whole world. See why where we are living now. Somebody comes to the street with a night dress and they walking. You know how to turn your eyes off. They don't care. open back and then then there are those who get bras. [Music] There's a place I was in two years ago in somewhere in western Uganda [Music] and then there's a young man who came and was asking questions and then he was asking me Are men allowed to wear I asked him what are men going to [Laughter] now you can see the perversion men want to be like women want to be like So now they get those and they really push their breasts out and they out here and they want to breast everybody on the road out like this exposing their parts. The clothes cannot cover the body when they sit. It's another angle moral decay. And these are spirits that keep on upgrading. It It's something which is an evil spirit, spirits of adultery. And then they will cause you to come out of your home when you are you are just enticing people to look at you until on the day of judgment. A woman who dresses like that will have a line of men behind. How about these men? You committed adult oral fornication with them. Because the Bible says, "Whoever looks unto a woman and lusts after her has committed adultery." And then there are some sisters, they have special clothes for work. When they come to church, they also have special clothing. So if you want to know who they are, just go to their place. Is that sister so and so with a tight thing this way sleeveless you even to say you pray with sometimes even to tell them God bless you. Hey how are you? Some you call them. God bless you brother or sister. How are you? You can't testify of God at your place of God. And the Bible says if you are ashamed of me before men, it says also be ashamed before you before God and the holy. You know so the condition of mor is so bad until in those countries they have beaches where you go naked and you don't go with the phone. So you are not going to take anybody's photo. All of you are in Adam's suit. The man the woman that's your business. Many other days in some countries when they having rights for animals they go on the streets naked and walk no p no nicker no nothing others have a day to ride bicycles when they are naked then they are riding naked in those countries. And then sometimes of course we thank God that we are not do things are not here but then you may be there also by your phone but you are feeding on the things you are enjoying. You are testing them. You are feeding on those things. So you may not be there but you can be there television some funny movies late in the night in the night. You can even save the link or even if it is a smart TV, you put a lock on some of those things that children don't watch. What you are there now? So the moral decay that was the fifth vision thing has come to pass. All these visions Then the sixth vision. He says, "There arose up in America most beautiful but cruel woman. She held the people in her complete power." I believe that this was the rise of the Roman Catholic Church. Though I knew it, it could possibly be a vision of some woman rising in great power. In America due to a popular vote by women until now politically most of the ministers or secretaries in the the current administration in America, Catholic church. But then also brother would say that I saw a woman rise up vice president or president or president already had a woman vice president but he was talking these things when women were not voting they were not vying for position. And now you see the time that we are living in. So that vision fulfilled. Now God told him these seven visions have to come to pass before the end of the world already. Six fulfilled. What is remaining is the seventh one. And the seventh one, he says, "I heard a terrible explosion. And when I looked, I saw nothing but debris and smoke all over the land of America. Now that happens after the rapture because in America there's the bride of Jesus and the bride is taken before tribulation. So where are we? Praise the name of Russia. Russia has several times warned America. We see how the world is getting into battles everywhere. Here are your nuclear bombs. There are nuclear bombs. The world is in a total confusion. What time is it, sir? Praise the name of our Lord. We need to see that we trim our lamp. Have oil in your lamp. Praise the name of our God. You know the Bible says go to them that sell here at church. We have the oil. So when you come to the church, get the oil in your life. Praise the name of our Lord. Keep it burning. Praise the name of the Lord. So we need to see that we are serious with the message of the hour. Praise the name of our Lord. Go and tell people about the message. Have these things. Know them. Tell people this thing was prophesied. The things has already been talked about. Talk to them. Prophesy again. Praise the name of our God. Let us go to the next chart. This is not clear but I think we can use it. So in that same month of June 1933, Brother Brham was conducting a baptism of about 200 people in the presence of more than 1,000 people on River Ohio at the foot of Spring Street. spring in Jaffersonville. While he was baptizing the 17th person, a bright a sign of a bright light came from heaven like a star and then descended where he was baptized. Now that's the picture which the newspapers took that day. And then they published it that a mysterious light appears upon a Baptist minister when baptizing people. Many people saw it until they took photo when he was baptizing. And then he says, "And then a voice came from that star which came down and saying as John the Baptist was sent to for the first coming of Jesus Christ, you are sent with the message to for the second coming of the Lord." Praise the name of our Lord. So brother Brana was sent with the message to forun the second coming of the Lord. So the message that we have prepares us for the second coming. Prepares us for the rapture. You must prophesy. Tell others about it. If you want to go to heaven, we have a message prepared for you. Tell others, talk to your friends, talk to your neighbors, your family, your colleagues, strangers. Tell it to the world. We must prophesy again. Praise the name of our Lord. So we have a message that prepares us for the rapture. Now on 7th May 1946 1946, brother Brham you know he would see many visions and then the religious people they would tell him no those visions are false those visions are false. They would discourage him until one day on 7th May 1946 he sought to the Lord and then he said Lord take this thing away from me. I don't want to be different from other people. They tell me that what I see is wrong. But yet what he sees comes to pass. But the religious people are rejecting him because of what? And we see the problem also that Joseph had. Joseph was hated by his brethren because of his grace, because of his gift. And that's the same thing with the world. They have hated William Marion. They have hated the message of the hour because it is financial. So when you identify yourself with it, he want to isolate you. But that's the bitterness when you eat it. Sweet in the mouth. Oh, I thank God for this greatness, this great revelation. Then the bitterness comes, people isolating you, persecuting you, talking bad about you. Even Paul they talked bad about it. So you can't stand for the truth and everybody loves you. Everyone is going to love me with this isolate you. That's what Jesus said unto you. If men talk good about you because that's what they did. Because those who talked about prophets, they talked bad. Praise the name of our Lord. So we see we are living in a time whereby the rapture has to come to pass. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us speak that scripture in Luke chapter 6. Luke chapter 6 verse 22 he says, "Blessed are you when men shall hate you. Can you imagine blessing when they hating you wear and they hate you. The Bible says, "Blessed are you, but they begin calling you grand. Blessed are you, you have long hair, and then they demean it. Blessed are you." You don't want to go out hanging with boys or girls. Then they say this one is useless. Blessed are you. The Bible says blessed are you when men shall hate you and when they shall separate you from their company. Don't bring that one. Even when there is a committee, don't include him. He's a very bad man because he doesn't take bribes. When he sits in the committee of giving jobs, he wants truth. I can't work with that guy. He's crazy. That man is crazy. He says, "Blessed are you." Then he says, "And they shall reproach you and cast you out. Cast out your name as evil for the son of man's sake. You have taken the message of the hour which is the message of God. So they cast you out. Have nothing to do with that guy. I don't want that guy to come. He says blessed are you. Then he says rejoice ye in that day and live for joy. For behold, your reward is great in heaven. For in the like manner they did did their fathers unto the prophets. That's what they do. Then he goes again in verse 26 and he says, "Woe unto you when all men shall speak well of you [Music] because you allow homosexuals. for you don't see. Amen. Women preachers also of God. When men speak well of you, then he says, for they did their fathers to the false prophets. So false prophet doesn't care. Ah, you're going to win with the horns. You're going to take over. That's how he was prophesying before because he wanted to sit on the table of chicken. Amen. False prophets. And then you also want to take the same place of false prophet war unto you because many times people don't want the truth and when you do the truth they will hate you for the truth. I don't like him. That was you know you know king Jehoshaphat told Hey, let us pass in to the lord before we go to you know and then he said I don't like that man. You will go and read in first kings chapter 21 you'll see that story then called his prophets 400 prophets and then when he started asking them praise the name over there you can pick that that story there. They want to speak good even when it is evil. In first kings chapter 22 and then verse two. Okay start from verse 4 to save time. And he said unto Jehoshaphat that was a will you go with me to battle in Ramoth Gilead? And yphart said to the king of Israel, "I am as though and my people are thine. My horses are thy horses. And Joseph said unto the king of Israel, "Inquire, I pray thee at the word of the Lord today. And the king of Israel gathered the prophets together about 400 men and said unto them, "Shall I go with Gileia to battle or shall I forbear?" And they said, "Go up. The Lord shall deliver it into the hand of the king. So nic 400 prophets prophesying good for a man God has cast me meals. As long as he sees here, he can get some money, he passes here. You know, God God cares, don't false prophets. So everybody talks about them. Everybody that man is good. He knows you go to the bar but doesn't I don't mind that's a business. So you know you have to survive. No don't worry false prophets speaking well. That's what I have heard 400 prophets and the king said no. Y said unto the king of Israel, inquire I pray thee at the word of the Lord today. Okay, that was in verse seven. And Yu said, is there not a prophet of the Lord besides this that we might inquire of him? So there's something wrong there. After having 400 men, why do you want another one? He had a spiritual eye. And then I have told him there is one but I hate him. I said why? He speaks bad about me. So the Bible say unto you if all men shall speak about it because that's what they spoke about false prophets. So Ahab was talking good about false prophets. But when come the true prophet I hate him. So that's what happens. Praise the name of our Lord. So let us now in the on the 7th of May 1946, brother Brham went and waited on the Lord. So in the night when he was where he was in the cave now I'm not telling you to go to the caves you know brother also went to the cave I need to go to the cave brother used to go to the mountain that's not what I'm telling you praise the name of so he says an angel appeared to him and said Do not fear. I think we can you can get to those slides. I am sent from the presence of almighty God to tell you that your puria birth and misunderstood life has been to indicate that you are to take a gift of divine healing to the people of the world. If you will be sincere when you pray and get the people to believe you, nothing shall stand before your prayer, even cancer. You will go into many parts of the earth and will pray for the kings and rulers and potent. You will preach to multitudes the world all over and thousands will come to for counel to you. You must tell them. Now this is where we need to note. You must tell them that their thoughts speak louder in heaven than their words. [Music] Be conscious your thoughts. Evil thoughts about a brother, evil thoughts about a sister, they're always loud. Boom. Then the angels can wonder. Even this one speaks thinks like that. What are you thinking? All wrong thoughts about your wife or your husband. your wife, you think like that, your husband, you think like that, your parents, you're thinking like that. So he says, "Wrong thoughts. Speak louder in heaven than our words." Then the angel told him as the prophet Moses was given two signs to prove he was sent from God. You will be given two signs. The first sign when you take the person's right hand into your right left hand you'll be able to detect the presence of any germ caused disease by vibrations that will appear in your left hand. Then you must pray for the person. If your hand returns to normal, you can pronounce them healed. If it doesn't, just ask a blessing and walk away under the anointing from God. Do not try to think your own thoughts. It will be given to you what to say. The second sign is greater than the first. If you will stay humble and sincere, it will come to pass that you'll be able to tell by vision, the very secrets of their hearts. Then the people will have to believe you. This will initiate the gospel in the power that will bring the second coming of Jesus. Praise the name of our Lord. I hope you attentive break. Praise the name of Lord. You know there are so many things here. I just want to hear them. So the first sign appeared immediately in that same month of May 1946. Praise the name of our Lord. It appeared immediately. And so he would touch the person's hand his right hand into his left hand. Then his hand would start vibrating, showing different colors and waves of vibration. So he would know you having tuberculosis, you having this then he prays for the person when the hand stops vibrating tell them you are healed. That happened immediately. Praise the name of God. Now the second sign it started it happened in July 1946 when he was preaching in reg Saskatchewan in Canada in the crowd of 10,000 people. He started seeing visions. Then he was wondering what is this? And then he started telling people what their lives were and then he would declare them healed that happened. Now the first sign when the Pentecostals saw it they started also imitating this. Oh water coming from my hand, blood coming from my hand. They went and do a lot of things cont because they were crueling crowds. Even when they start seeing the second son, they started imitating it. They there there. And nowadays what they do, they prepare people and tell them you come and say you were healed of this. when they on the radio, you call and say the other time when you prayed, they did this and this. They buy witnesses. Now, unfortunately, when they buy them, they don't pay them. Then they come out and tell them I was in the other church there. We used to do this. Other church used to do this. Then some people just come and pretend that they are blind or then when they pray for them imitations that's what is happening there not genuine things but thank God you had a voice in our generation praise the name of take time and hear those steps and you see that voice speaking from the spiritual speaking it out and coming to pass. Testify about this thing. Praise the name of our Lord. You must prophesy again. Talk to others about the things. Tell it to the world. Praise the name of our Lord. Now, I just want to stop on this. We shall have another service sometime later when we are talking about the revelation of the son of man and then I'll finish up this because you can imagine I'm on page four and me to go up to page seven. So if we continue here praise the name of so you must prophesy We have the message. Take it serious in your life. Praise the name of our Lord. Testify about it. Thank God for what the message has given unto us. Listen to it. Read the books. Share with others the Lord has done what the Lord has given unto us. Praise the name of our Lord. And then you'll see the elect will love the message. Praise the name of our Lord. Like just a short testimony before we close. There is a sister. She was working in Ethopia. And so now she was praying in a certain church in Kala where she was subscribing as a member of that church member. So she would listen to the messages or sermons on online. So her pastor said William Brham was not a man of God. So that thing she said ah who is this William who was doing this and they saying he's not a man of God. She went on internet started reading about brother Brana. and said then she went to where the messages were coming from to find out what is this one has talked bad about it but then I'm seeing this and this of course she went into prayer so when she got information with further reading and praying she was convicted This was the truth and then she started asking where is this church in the country. So she asked from the USA and then the director where the church was. That's how she came out. So don't be shy to talk about what God has given us. Sometimes they may talk bad but can pick it up. I want to find out praise the name over and that's what pastor says concerning brother he was praying in across and then now they were telling those people are fallen but they love God then he came you know to try to correct these people should not perish and many people have come out like that so when they come with their few scriptures when they meet you said when you go to godhead you mean there is not trinity when you go to baptism you mean I'm not yet saved yes your sins are there because your sins are there because you have not been buried in the name of Jesus and they keep on coming out. Many of them in the missionaries we do around the country, they are coming out. You can also do the same thing. You must prophesy again. Praise the name of our Lord. To many people, tell them praise the name of go and tell it to the m Christ is risen. Praise the name of our Lord. Christ is alive. The message of the hour brings us Christ. God himself coming down in our lives. Praise the name of our Lord. Tell it to the mountain. I don't know if we can have that song. Tell it to the mountain. I don't know. Do you have if you can put it there and we sing it? We go and make it clear right now. People in campaigns and they have they have whistles. They drumming support for their candidates. Today we have our Lord Jesus Christ. Let us announce him all over. Let us tell the world I'm behind Jesus Christ. Praise the name of God. I'm following Christ. And then tell others, come and join our chariots. Come and join our band. Come, we move together. Praise the name of Let [Music] us stand up. over the hills and everywhere. Go tell it on the maintain that Jesus Christ is Lord. Go tell it on the mountain over the hills and pray everywhere. Oh, tell it on the mountain that Jesus Christ is Lord. Let us sing this song. I'm going to ride the glory train. Praise the name of the Lord. Are you going to ride the glory train? Praise the name of the Lord. Be part of the move of God. Don't leave it to the pastor. Don't leave it to the minister. Let us participate in this. Praise the name of Lord. I'm going to ride. Glory train. I'm going to run. Glory train. I'm going to run. Glory train. Glory praise to glory the Lord. Jesus is the captain. Glory. Oh Jesus is the captain. Glory train. Jesus is the captain of glory. Glory to glory. Oh, I'm going to rock all again. I'm going to rock glory. I'm going to rock glory. Glory to glory. Oh, Jesus is the king of glory. Oh, Jesus is the captain of the glory. Jesus is the captain of glory. Glory to glory. Oh, I'm going to run. Glory. Hallelujah. I'm going to ride. Glory. [Music] I'm going to ride. Glory day. Glory to glory. Let us sing. I'm in that number. Praise the name of our Lord. I'm with that number. I'm with that number. Brother Moses, if you can come. I'm in that number from the I'm in that number. I'm with that number. I'm in that number. Oh, [Music] I'm in that number. I'm in the number. I'm in the number. Oh, I'm in the number. Oh, [Music] I'm in thy number. I'm in thy number. Where are the number? Oh John s number [Music] he so Number [Music] four of all that was number [Music] The blood was number getting that number. Get in that number. Get in that number. You will get in the number. Get in the number. Get in the number. Oh, get in the number. Oh, God. I'm with that number. I'm with that number. This a personal confession man. Are you in that number brother sister? Oh wide in wide number [Music] with thy number. [Music] I'm Ambassador. We are Christ. Ambassador. I'm an ambassador. I'm [Music] Christ. Ambassador. [Music] We are Christ. We are Ambassador [Music] say we are Christ. [Music] We are Christ. [Music] We are Christ down. For we are Christ in this world. Tell this world. Tell the world we are Christ. Tell the world. Oh, tell the world we are Christ. to thy wild [Music] [Music] Christ where his ambassador We are right. [Music] We are. [Music] Oh, there is my name. is in the room. My brother and sister, there is in the Lord for you and me live your name for the last [Music] in the both the street and byway. for how to win and by way. Oh baby, will you part with his wife? Brother to them there to pray brother and sister that there is in the room. Oh, there is my glory. in your sea. [Music] There is honey for you. Let go through the street and my way. Will you prophesy again? [Music] Oh, hallelujah. [Music] Brother and sister, there is a need in the world. Oh, my father. Oh, there is honey [Music] for you. Oh, will it go on to Oh, there is a name in the Oh, there is a name. There is a name in the ro of my father. Glory. There is a name in the hallelujah in your se. not to. Oh, there is a name in that. Shall we take a white time and speak to Jesus this morning? Heavenly Father, we thank you Lord for this wonderful name. We thank you Jesus for this wonderful message. All that has been preached on earth. Heavenly Father, we must prophesy again Jesus. this time. Heavenly Father, Lord, for us to get out those those beds of comfort. Heavenly Father, the name Jesus, we should get out builds and B as the ambassadors of Christ. He father as your ambassadors in mercy one Lord and talk about your goodness, Father. Tell the people about the message of Yah. Loving Jesus we pray heavenly father that our mistakes Lord our failures. Heavenly Father of not doing what we are supposed to. Father, we are sorry for the Lord. Now this day, heavenly father, as you take courage, Lord, loving Jesus, to go out on the streets, Lord might father, 15 different people wherever we go, heavenly father, that we tell them, Lord Jesus, about the message of how the Lord send the prophet, a vindicated prophet, Mark, are you brother, brother? In Jesus we pray. Heavenly father that give us in verse one. Give us wisdom and understanding. Oh, give us revelation. Heavenly father that when they come forth with their questions, Lord Jesus, to be you in control, your holy spirit, heavenly father, to always use God to bring the word father to the right, heavenly father, and speaking back onto them, Lord. and us answering their questions, Lord, in line with thy word. Heavenly Father, we pray heaven that keep us father to pray this Lord that the loving father [Music] as the scripture says in the word the gospel had to be preached as a witness. We must prophesy again. We must witness father and tell the people how we receive the prophet in this genuine heavenly father. We thank you Lord for the spirit. We thank you Jesus for the fire broken father. We pray for more revelation father and more wisdom to our father as they guide us through this journey in Jesus. We pray heavenly father that oh give them rest heavenly father give them that god to go oh what it takes heavenly father to support us all oh as we come with our challenges we come from our questions and he father that you give them respon [Music] your children. Put a bon upon your people to receive this message. Father, don't light a candle and keep it under the wall. Lord, light a candle and put it under the basket. Lord, let this go shine so bright in every part of this world. Lord, that wherever we shall be born in the very father, we are your ambassadors. Lord give us the grace heavenly father to always do things good under your guidance. We thank you Jesus. We appreciate you father for this. Thank you for speaking to us. Thank you. You precious God. You a mighty God. You father, a wonderful God. We bless you. We glorify you. [Music] Jesus. [Music] Beautiful [Music] sheep gathering sheep. Those beautiful sheep. Well, praise the Lord. We on our way through the land of endless day. gathering she those beautiful sheep. Oh, gathering she those beautiful sheep. We're gathering she those beautiful sheep. Oh, praise the Lord. We on our way through the land of fless day while gathering she those beautiful shathering [Music] sheep those beautiful sheep One day we will live our way while she those beautiful. Oh [Music] [Music] where on the mountain we will sh Oh Yes. My name is Oh, God. She got beautiful sh will sing. They will see that they will win. And now God's voice [Music] has been for those beautiful. Oh, God. [Music] [Music] God, those two sh wild God is [Music] Wow. [Music] Good night.
