################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-05 - Worshipping  God  Pastor Katumba James 11.05.2025 - Katumba James.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-11-05
Title:   Worshipping  God | Pastor Katumba James| 11.05.2025
Speaker: Katumba James
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4GnNqk5-5qQ
========================================

[Music] moving in me. I worship you. I worship you. Oh yes, Lord. I worship you. I worship you. Oh, you are. You are here walking in this place. I worship you. I worship you. I worship you. I worship you. Oh Lord, way maker of the [Music] world. Light in the night in the darkness. My God is you. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] We may keep in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. You are here. You are here. Touching every heart, touching every heart. I worship you. I worship you. I worship you. I worship you. For you are you are every heart. I worship you. I worship you. I worship you. I worship you. For you are way maker. Way maker. in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. I my God. That is who you are. You are turning lights around. Turning lights around. Worshiping this morning. I worship you. I worship you. You [Music] are worship. I worship you. I worship you. I worship you. Oh my Lord, you make me light in the darkness. My God [Applause] [Music] is a promise keeper. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Miracle in the darkness. My God, that is who you are. Here I am toship as we worship in this. Here I am to I am to say just close your eyes together wonderful wonderful to Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] All together one. All together. All together. Together. It's wonderful to me. Light of the world. Oh, light of the world. You stand today. Open my eyes, Lord. Open my eyes. Let me see. You all sweet. I am here. I am to see Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. I am seeing all together wonderful to be. May we give him a hand of praise this [Music] morning. How great thou art. How great thou art this morning. Amen. You believe he's great this morning. I want to sing that song in Luganda as we usher in the minister. How great thou art, Lord. How great thou art. [Music] [Music] I come my window We are the no might go One single [Music] [Music] is God [Music] for good [Music] [Music] Glory again. [Music] My then sings my soul. Then sings my soul. My savior to thee. How great thou art, Lord. How great thou are. How great thou are. Then sings my soul. My savior God to thee. How great thou art. How thou the woods. When through the woods and forest I wonder. I hear the birds. I hear the birds sing sweetly in the tree. When I look down, when I look down from lofty mountain, I hear the roof and hear the I feel the gentle breeze and feel the sing. How great thou are. and sings my son, my savior God to thee. How great thou art. How great thou are. How great thou are. How great thou is my soul. This is my soul. I say to thee, how great thou are. How great thou are. How great thou. And when I think And when I think that God did not spare his son, God his son not spare. He sent him to die. sent that my sins might be taken away as scars can take on that cross of Calvary. He bore my sin and b on the cross my body. He took my sin away and he died just to take away my sins my soul. Then sings my soul my heart to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. How great thou are. How great thou sings my soul. Worship him this morning. Lift your voice. Sing. How great thou art. How great thou are. Lord, how great [Music] when Christ shall come. When Christ with a shout of acclamation of saints, the shout has gone forth. Oh, and take with a message to prepare us to take us home. Joy shall feel. What joy, what joy. Oh, I shall bow. I shall bow down and worship. In the humble adoration, proclaim my God, how great, how great thou art. and sings my soul. My soul, myior God, my savior god to thee, oh Lord, how great thou are. How great thou are. How great thou are. It sings my soul. My soul, my soul, myior to thee. How great thou are. How great thou are. How great thou are. Come on, let's give him a hand of praise this morning. Let's give him a hand of praise. Come on, give him a hand of praise. He's worthy. He's worthy. Let's give him a hand praise. He deserves our glory. He deserves our honor. Isn't he worthy this morning? Are you ashamed to run up for the King of Kings? Come on, give him praise. He's worthy. He's worthy. He's worthy. Glory, glory, glory, glory. Give him praise. Let's give him praise. Let's worship him this morning. Give him praise. It is our glory. deserves all the honor this morning. He's so worthy. We worship. We praise you, oh Lord. We give you glory, Lord. We give you honor. You are wonderful, oh Lord. How we worship you, Lord. How we praise. Blessed be your holy name. Oh Lord, we love you. We love you this morning, Lord. We waiting upon you this morning, Lord, that you come and speak to our hearts, Lord. We are just in anticipation, Lord, that you just come and speak. Open your word this morning to our hearts, Lord. Is our desire, Lord. Oh, keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. Come on. Keep me true. Is it your prayer? Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. There is a race that I must run. Oh, there is a race that I There are victories to be won. There are victories to be won. Give me power. Lord, give me power. Every hour, every hour to be physicians, we go higher. Oh, keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. Keep me true. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. There is a race that I must run this morning. There's a rest the time strong and there are mysteries to be one. Give me power every day. Give me power every hour to be true. Tell him, "Lord, hold my hand. Hold my hand. Lord Jesus, hold my hand." Tell him, "Lord, hold my hand. And I'm weak. Hold my hand. Lord Jesus, hold my hand. There is a race I have to run. There is a race and I have to keep in the race. I have to stay in. I want give me power. Give me a power every hour to hold my hand. Oh my my soul. As I walk in this beautiful journey. Oh my Jesus. Oh my. There is a race that I have to run. And I have to give you the race. I have to finish the race, Lord. I want the victory to be that I laid beyond the curtain of time. Give me power every hour to meet you. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. What a confession this [Music] morning that he may give us power every hour. [Music] that we may be true. Amen. Amen. There is something in my soul that keeps shadows away and get me that song. Love, my savior's love. Musicians, you can give me that key. You believe the Savior's love is holding us. Amen. Amen. There is something in my soul which keeps the shadows all away. It is love. My sing with a hands down. Something lightens everybody. Gives me gladness dividing. It is love my savior. Oh, the precious. Let's get on our feet and praise him this morning. Let's all get on our feet if you can. I my soul sing his praisees might he precious the graious love of Jesus join your hands now we Heat. Heat. Heat. Praise the Lord. When the temp come on [Music] now to something keeps me true and strong. Something makes my life a blessing. Something makes my life a blessing [Applause] to my savior. Oh, the precious love of Jesus. Oh, the precious love of Jesus. He feels my ransome soul. Oh, he feels my rome soul. Oh, I know. Oh my [Music] [Music] [Music] goior. My soul to heaven. draws my soul to heaven. That sweet land of peace and [Music] rest of precious love of Jesus. I is my awesome song. I sing I sing his praises. He is so array and bound in. Something waits for you today. Jesus love my savior's love. He give you peace and give you peace and comfort. Make your body away my savior. What a precious blood of Jesus. I my awesome soul. I see his praise. Oh, he is. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Oh my My [Music] I give [Music] [Music] Happy answer your God. I get out. [Music] Amen. We give him a hand of praise. My way every day with love. Amen. Amen. As the minister will be coming, we request we all get on our feet, sing and say when he reached down his hand for me. Amen. I was lost and God or his son. Amen. When he reached down his high for me when he reached when he reached down his hand for me I was lost and I was undone. I was lost and undone without glory son when he reached down his hand for me for me. Once my soul was array from the heavenly way, from the heavenly way and was raised and as could be by my savior by my savior. above gave me peace. Joy and love, joy and love when he reached down his heart for me. [Music] Oh, when he reach that is for me. Oh, when he reaches when he reaches down his hand for me. I was lost and I was undone. I was lost and unfort. We are going to his son where he reached down his hand for me. For me, [Music] we give praise and honor to your name. how you reach back your hand for us and how we rejoice also to be in your presence today. You said where two or three are gathered in your name, you will be there in their mid bless us father. You speak to us Lord. Hear our prayer request Lord. Deliver us from all captivity, Lord. Fill us with your Holy Spirit. And Lord, that our hearts may rejoice in your presence. Forgiveness upon this service that the glory and honor may be back onto. We love you Lord and we thank you in the name of the Lord Jesus who grant us this. Amen. You may be seated. I greet you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. We happy to be back into the presence of the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. We happy our brother Joshua is back. Praise the name of our Lord. Sometimes this work away from here. We thank him to be around today. We also have to have brother Dan, sister Martha's son. If you can stand up for recognition. We're happy to have you around today. Thank you for coming. You're always welcome. Okay. With your children. Okay. That's good. Thank you for coming. We appreciate that. You know, it's always good to see your family together with you in the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, coming to church with your family. And I believe grace God has given grace also to our sister Harriet. And we also pray for others. You know as a parent you are in the message but then your children are not around or they are not believing the message. So it's always good to see that we are back in the services of the Lord and even our children having the faith that we have. Praise the name of our Lord. I always forget the name of the brother, sister, mother's grandson is a lawyer. If you can stand up, Emma. Emma, you're welcome. Also, he works in Campala. And that's normally fellowships from church. So, we're happy to have you around. Praise the name of our Lord. We have other visitors coming here for the first time. You can just raise your hand. I believe all of us are not strangers. Our brother David Wimi the wife is actually in a hospital in Kaw hospital. So we keep her in the prayers even the whole family. Praise the name of our Lord. I also bring greetings from our pastor with his wife We just keep them in their in prayers and we expect them to be back before the end of this week. So just keep them in prayers. Then next Sunday we expect to have quite a number of people around since we are going to have the handover service in the morning and then in the afternoon we shall have the function. So I would request that we come right earlier. Let us be here by 9 because we want a number of things and finish them by 5:00. We are going to have lunch together. So you are all welcome. You can come with your friends, your colleagues, your families. Praise the name of our Lord. We also want to appreciate those who are making contributions. We still have a big gap, but we just pray that the Lord gives us grace. We want to appreciate brother David who is leading the team with brother Fred. Praise the name of the Lord. So next Sunday come and then we are going to spend most of the day around. Praise the name of God. Then this afternoon also we have a youth meeting again. Last time we had a good meeting last Sunday. So even today we want to have another meeting. I will worship you in the way I love. How I forgive when I pray. [Music] [Music] [Music] Amen. Amen. I worship you and the way that I walk, the way that I talk, the way that I live. We live a life of worship. Praise the name of our Lord. We appreciate them. Amen. Amen. So I believe we can stand up now and then get into the reading of the word. Amen. Amen. Before we read, let us pray again. Father, again we thank you. We appreciate that you've given us opportunity that we can worship you. when we are still alive. And we want to appreciate you that you've given unto us grace that we can worship you in the spirit and in the truth. May you bless us this morning. May you speak to us, Father. And may you guide us in your word, revealing and manifesting yourself to us. We even pray for our pastor as we be taking the services later on. Lord, may you use him for your glory and even after the end of the missionary trip, may you bring them back safely, Father, we want to thank you and appreciate you in the name of the Lord Jesus who pray. Amen. Let us Psalms 95. We're reading from verse one to verse 7. The Bible says, "Oh come, let us sing unto the Lord. Let us make a joyful noise to the rock of our salvation. Let us come before his presence with thanksgiving and make a joyful noise unto him with psalms. For the Lord is a great God and a great king above all gods. In his hands are the deep places of the earth. The strength of the hills is his also. The sea is his and he made it and his hands formed the dry land. Oh come, let us worship and bow down. Let us kneel before the Lord our maker. For he is our God and we are the people of his pasture and the sheep of his hand. Today if you hear his voice, May God blessing of his words. You may be seated. So I want to share on worshiping God. I had a lot of notes written here but I know we can't finish it today. Praise the name of our Lord. We shall take another service I believe in the after next weekend or in the course of the time so that we can continue on. So worshiping God. Praise the name of our Lord. You know people like being woripped. people like, you know, being honored or praised, you know, and God made us to worship him, he made the angels to worship him. Like last time we read in Isaiah chapter 6 whereby these saraphim all the time they are singing holy, holy, holy, praise the name of the Bible says two wings they cover their eyes two wings they cover their feet and two wings they fly. Praise the name of our Lord. God loves to be worshiped. Praise the name of our Lord. And also when we come to church, we come to worship. That's the reason we come to church and we can worship. But then even the time we are here at church, you know when you speak to God, you also need to keep quiet. You also need to be calm. And then you he speaks to you also. Praise the name of Lord so that you also hear what he is saying to me. Praise the name of our Lord. And so now the first thing that we do when we come to church. You wait on the Lord. You pray silently. Meditating upon his word. meditating upon his goodness. I know at that time music is played silently you know you know kind of like instrumental music you know just only instruments silent music godly music but you're also busy interceding Lord be gracious to me Lord forgive me here Lord I've come into your presence you know your heart opening up to the Lord. And so when we come to the church, we need to come with our hearts ready to worship. Your heart truly truly connected to God and not so much mindful about the environment around you. Oh, who has not yet come? Who is that coming? Who has done this? you know your mind, your consecration unto the Lord. Praise the name of Lord. And now when the service starts, certainly the song leader starts with the song. And now this has always been in the scriptures and we can go and pick in the scriptures about the song services. Today we may dwell more on the song service. And then the other portion we shall end with it another day. Praise the name of our Lord. So now let us go to 1 Coronicles chapter 6. 1 Coronicles chapter 6 and then verse 31. So the Bible says And these are they whom David set over the services over the service of song in the house of the Lord. After that the ark had rested. I think you read it again. And they ministered before the dwelling place of the tabernacle of the congregation with singing until Solomon had built the house of the Lord in Jerusalem. And then they waited on their office according to their order. So song service is a ministry. Praise the name of our Lord. So then the Bible says David sent over some to lead in the song service. Praise the name of our Lord. And here we thank God. He has blessed us with brother Moses, brother Joshua, brother. Praise the name of our Lord. But you know they are also to wait on their ministry. Praise the name of our God. They have to wait on the Lord. Lord, there is a service I'm going through. What song should I sing? Because you know God has to take the preeminence upon the entire service. So even as when we are coming in the church, we need to come when we are prayed up. Sometimes you've gone through the week with a lot of troubles. You have a lot of burdens. You have a lot of distresses, a lot of sorrows. So you pray, "Lord, help me. As I go into your service, deliver me from these things that have been troubling me through this." So now when you enter the church, let your mind not be at home. Let your mind not be at your place of God. Let your mind not be with your family. Let your mind not be about tomorrow. Let your mind be on God. And that's how you can benefit in the service. So as as children of God, we need to come when we are prayed up. Praise the name of our Lord. And when we have come when we have prayed up then follow the leadership of the Holy Spirit which the Lord is guiding us. Like if the song leader comes in let us clap our why don't you clap your hands. If the song leader comes here and says let us stand up then why don't we stand up? If the song reader comes here says let us sing this song. You know there are some people who just look at the screen and then keep quiet and then they are singing but I don't know whether they somebody would hear what they are singing just the mouth is opening so small and I know this person is not interested in what we are doing. You don't come like that. Come willing to be led by the spirit. Praise the name of You know, you can see somebody who is troubled. The mind is far, but he's not in the spirit of the service. But then when we come, we come to worship. And when you come to worship, come with a joyful heart. Praise the name of our Lord. Come with a joyful heart. Express your gratitude. you know, express your happiness. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, we have so many things to thank the Lord for. You're not in hospital. Why don't you thank God that you're not being buried? Why don't you thank God that you are still alive? You know, you have ability to come. Why don't you thank God? Even if you slept hungry last night, you have reason to thank God. Lord, I thank you. Lord, I thank you for the gift of life. Even if you have walked from home, Lord, I thank you. Praise the name of our Lord. Even if you have walked maybe, but these days you hardly get people without shoes. Those days there were many barefoot. But you thank God. Lord, I thank you. I'm here in the services. So you join with a free heart. You join into the services of the Lord. And as the song leader steps here, be obedient to the leadership of the be part of that service. Praise the name of our Lord. This is what we are meant to do. You don't come in the church and be an observer. This lifting up hands for you are folding. Be participating. Praise the name of the Lord. There's actually a scripture here in the book of Psalms chapter 28:2. The Bible says, says, "Hear the voice of my supplication when I cry unto thee, when I lift up my hand toward thy holy oracle." Psalms 28:E2 So lifting up your hand is part of worship. Praise the name of Lord. You lift up your hand. You stand up. You clap your hand. Say hallelujah. Lord, I thank you. Praise the name of you know you raise up. 1 Timothy 2:8 Praise the name of the Lord. He says, "Lifting up holy hands, have the liberty to raise your hand." And then you know you are worshiping God. Lord, I thank you for this. Lord, I thank for what you have done. Praise the name of the Lord. You need to see that you get into the spirit of worship. And you know you don't just be there until the song leader the service is too heavy for him. Praise the name of Lord. You know when you go to introduction this is speakers or spokes spokespersons one will say in other words they don't care what you talk to them we shouldn't be like that when we come into the service you've come into the presence of God express it with joy Lord, express it with happiness. Lord, I'm here. Lord, I've come to worship you. Lord, I've come to praise you by lifting up your hands. Praise the name of our Lord by clapping your hands. Praise the name of our Lord. And then you'll find that you are released from some of those bondages. You break through. Praise the name of Lord. You know, you find yourself that the entanglement the things just keep on leaving you. You have the liberty. Praise the name of our Lord. So we need to see that when we come into the presence of God, we need to worship. Praise the name of our Lord. So there was always a song service and then here in the church order, a song service should be for 30 minutes. It should be for 30 minutes. Should be for 30 minutes. That's how the prophet guides us. Praise the name of our Lord. And then he tells us in this message in the message the unpardonable sin. He says now don't want to take too much of your time for I know tomorrow is Monday and work day and in during the time of the revival if God willing. We just want to find a good hour and a half or two hours of a night, a song service and then go right into the teaching of God. And I think that songs are marvelous, but you can ruin a meeting by songs. Too many of them See, we can sing, but what the house of God is is for correction, for the word, for understanding, for instruction that we know how to behave ourselves. And I think you got terrified. So he says too many songs can ruin the service. Now when you go to the denomination, especially the Pentecost, they can take the whole service singing and invite you the preacher for only 30 minutes. But they have been singing. You get choirs come here, come with this, come with this. And now when they invite you to preach and when you are coming to preach here the people in the choir they get out they also go away. They just leave there just singing and dancing. They are missing nightclubs there. Satan has given them an alternative. the jazzes like it's going in the disco and then they also have that for Christ and brotherham says go they are crucifying Christ again there by their things they doing praise the name of our lord so you find for them the music industry has taken them over they Get somebody who plays instruments in the nightclub and is the one who comes and plays their music. They get such kind of people or even to do song service or even to lead. He's in the disco hall. Then he comes in the church. So he can know one song or two songs and he can also sing deception. Like I heard a story that there is a Ugandan who went to Congo and when he reached Congo because he was not saved but he knows maybe when I go to a church of saved people they will receive me. So he says I'm from Uganda. message and then saying they're all lifting their hands [Music] crying. Then there was a pastor who came from Uganda. He went to that same church and then they said, "Let us sing for him with the Ugandan song of worship." Then they started singing kapa, crying, lifting up. He was shocked. So when he was invited, he told them where did how did you learn this song? So there was a Ugandan who came and he told us this song told him this song means that a cat is chasing. Now the question is why were they crying? For what? And in some of this kind of rap music somebody goes goes completely sold into the thing. But then the Bible tells us if we are going to sing let us sing with understanding what I'm singing what does it mean? Let us go to the book of first Corinthians. Praise the name of our Lord. First Corinthians chapter 14:15. Yes. The Bible says, "What is it then? I will pray with the spirit and I will pray with understanding also." I will sing with the spirit and I will sing with understanding also. Praise the name of the Lord says I will pray in the spirit. I will pray with understanding. I will sing in the spirit and I will sing with understanding. And that should be the same thing we have our services. But when we and some of these secular musicians because they know that there is some gap in gospel music. So they kind of create their music. create for the people in the [Music] church and somebody says that is gospel music and then you get somebody singing that over [Music] you know and then somebody says this is gospel music. And then there's another common song which is always played in nurseries. What did he disco some music without conviction? Pick one word. Repeat it. Repeat it. Repeat it. Praise the name of the Lord. This is what the world is giving us. And then we are taking it now. And we find the biggest trouble when we have functions, our weddings, our introduction or our graduations, whatever. Then we bring any kind of music there. And praise the introducing and the person who was speaking the daughter of the pastor was also a believer and then they played all the secular music there and then they would have you know these girls come out. They come and do whatever they want to do. And you know people are just rejoicing. Personally I don't even record anything on that. Why would I keep that thing on my phone? Why would I feed on such a thing and then they come the way they are dressed tight things. These are the doctors and then they come funny dances funny music and we are rejoicing that because they are wrong spirits but we have them in our functions. We have them at our homes. You have the liberty to do the right thing but you're not doing it. Ah you know you know sometimes you know my relatives my [Music] brothers you know it is who ordered that song to be s praise the name of our lord and then you go in those functions they know what to do when when when young men of the family come to greet abac When the in-laws come to greet the other ones who have come to be introduced, they say that you girls attack, they give them belts. You tie him, you can tie, everyone tie one person. Those are things which are happening and then we are letting the world take us on and then you find funny things happen until one was saying when she saw the husband a woman come and put a belt around him then start dancing around themselves [Music] rolling. The man has never danced with the wife in the public. but is dancing with a stranger in the park. And then the wife said that woman can take my husband and she was serious. But these are the things we have brought into ourselves. We've opened up that every just comes. But this is what the world has taken us on. take their music bring it in ourselves until sometimes we don't have the difference of what kind of music I should take on praise the name of our lord like now I believe it was here they started playing I think she's called chaka chaka chaka chaka It's a wedding day. It's a wedding day. We need better music than that. Praise the name of the Lord. We need better music than that. Somebody, it's a wedding day. We need better music. Praise the name of our Lord. And then there's also another place. Now, the brother had been introduced in the house. in the home of a believer and then they were making him to go out. There is a song they sing in Luganda. But then the way it came out and then they making him go by that song and then sometimes our when they are hosting you know their parents are holding are hosting the in-law or the son-in-law then there is a song and it is strange They know the songs even by head. He only speaks one word and then the MC knows the song or the DJ knows the song. Then they play it and then they start miming like those secular musician then going down and you know everybody it has become normal. It's just a function. No, strong. Praise the name of Lord. We need to get away from that dirt. Put it aside. Leave it with the world. For if God has blessed you that your daughter has got a fianc or your son has got a also do everything in the Lord in the fear of the Lord. Even when you are dressing the dressing should honor the Lord. Let your dress be of honor to the Lord. Why would you put on a tight thing? Why would you put on something exposing your armpits? Why would you put on something, you know, exposing your breast, your armpits? Why would you do such a thing? Why don't you take the honor of the Lord Jesus Christ? Why would you want to be like Jezebel painted up? everything like but you see the devil has taken a hold of that and then it got a hold of them you know the other ones who worked on the bride they overowered her they overpowered her and then at the end of somebody who comes there's a brother I told and I told him if we see the dressing is not right or we are not going to refuse wedding but we're not going to put anything up. We are not going to stream it at all. Clear instructions. Praise the name of the Lord. We must have an order. And the standard that we take, we don't just allow anything to come in. Now that does not mean somebody coming here in that way. We chase them out. We don't chase them out. Maybe they have come for their salvation. But if somebody is part of us and then doing something which we don't believe. So brother what you have s what you've s is not right. So next time if you are singing do better than that. Praise the name of our lord. Yes. We need to see that we maintain the presence of the spirit of God in the world. Praise the name of Now if you can do that here in public then what do you eat when you are alone and you see nowadays what I'm forgetting how they call them ears. Ear pads or what? So somebody can put them here. music is playing here, but you don't know what you're listening to. But as Christians, we need to feed on what is right. Praise the name of our Lord. If you have the Holy Spirit, the Holy Spirit will cause you to eat the right things, to desire the right things, to long for the right things, not dirty things, not the things which are famous in the world. And then we can get the things in the world and then we go by what the world is doing. It should not be like that. Praise the name of our Lord. So our song service. Praise the name of our Lord. 30 minutes but then we have even more than 30 minutes because we start at 9. You have now the first 30 minutes song. Then 10 to 10:30 we have the Sunday school. Then after 10:30 we have another 30 minutes. Praise the name of our Lord. And during these song services that's where we can have our testimonies. That's where we can have maybe our prayer requests and all those kind of different things. And then now the ministry of the word. Praise the name of our Lord. Now we have our own songs. Let us sing our own songs. Praise the name of Lord. If we don't sing them, who will sing them? If you don't love what you have, who will take credit for it or who will praise it? If you despise what you have parents who despise their children, my child is ugly. My child is stupid. My child is a big problem. Who do you produce him for? You are despising what God has given you instead of appreciating what God has given you. Praise the name of our Lord. So we need to hear our songs sung. Praise the name of our Lord. If we have 10 songs in the song service, let us have five songs, our own songs. Praise the name of Lord. Let us learn them. Let us sing them. Not only in church, but even at home or even when you are driving, when you're listening on your phone, listen to this music because it is inspired music. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us have our songs s. And then we can now bring in the old time songs. Praise the name of our Lord. But let us hear more of our songs. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us learn them and sing them sometime I think this year. We had talked about distributing these songs to everybody. And then there was a sister. She's a lawyer lawyer. She came and said, "We better have the intellectual property. Let us patent our songs. Let us register them, you know, before we can put them out." She was right. Praise the name over. And then there's a brother I talked to see how those songs can be compiled. And then I called brother Emmanuel. Some years ago he was asking me about the same because being a lawyer he knows the processes but now I don't know where the problem is why the songs are not coming up all of them because we are saying now there are some songs which are missing because we wanted to collect all these songs the relics praise the name of our lord and then the rhythm such that we can have them registered with the government and even put in the gazette. This is what we want. And then now we can print out those books and then have them fully distributed. But the good thing is we have them. We can project them when we in church. We can receive the voices from you know the people have the equipment. So we need to sing our songs. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to see that our songs are sung here in the church. You know in the message questions and answers, brother Brandham says, "How many knows this old this good old song, blessed be the tide that binds." How many people here are over 40 years old? Raise your hands with me and say, I remember the old song from 40 years, blessed be the tithe that binds. Then he said, "Don't you like them old songs?" Listen, I want to say this. If we had more of those old songs instead of so much of this carrying on what we do have, I believe the church would be better off. I like those good old songs that was pinned by the Holy Spirit. Praise the name of Lord. We need also to like the songs. Praise the name of the Lord. A song that can touch your heart that can bring transformation. But now these old songs down at the cross my savior died. You know I feel like traveling. You know burdens are lifted. Leave it there. Leave it there. Praise the name of now our song leaders. Brother Moses, brother Joshua, brother in the back. I was wondering whether sometimes he sits there. So I was wondering whether he's there. There are some songs you can take a whole year in church and you've not heard it. Praise the name of Lord. Let us revisit all these songs. Praise the name of our Lord. And then every Sunday, why should I be singing the same song? Why? When we have hundreds of songs, you know, there are even songs that the generation which is around, they don't know them. Why have they got that song? because you're not s we need to see that we get back to this old time music and he says they were pinned down by the Holy them oldtimers I used to remember an old colored man used to set out behind the house down there in the mountains of When he would get weary, he would set an old log and he would beat his hands on the Lord. I remember him just well. He had a little rim of white hair around his head. He would sing that old song. Praise the name of the Lord. We need to get back to that. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us not be taken by that. Let us get back to where the Holy Spirit can be happy now. Songs that are by the Holy Spirit and let us not go by popular music. You know there are some popular music in the Pentecostal world. Then we want to take the same. We have real genuine Holy Spiritfilled [Music] music. The Holy Spirit brought them. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us get back to that even at home. Let us be singing that. And I like how brother Joshua was bringing it. English and Luganda. Let us get these old songs. Sing them also in Luganda. Praise the name of our Lord. You know you are singing down at the cross. Then you can also sing it in Luganda. You know that kind of blend that somebody who may not be able to understand English can understand the meaning of the song in Uganda. Praise the name of our Lord. And not only he said, I like this song. Praise the name of Then when we had brother Joshua sing then you would see the people get excited and when I got to those areas in maybe I put on that song and then those brothers there one time when they came here and they heard that song They remember brother Joshua and then say can we sing that song praise the name of you know those people who are in trinity called baptism the song had message when somebody sits and listens to that song they will start thinking how they were baptized they will start thinking why do I believe in three gods those people who have women preachers I started thinking hey this is in the scripture there's a message in the praise the name of our lord then song by brother Steven praise the name of our lord let us have this song s in our mid we sing them we own them praise the name of say that you know there is a change somebody say ah I like their music and then that can attract attract somebody to Christ and then as they come by that the word catches them praise the name of so let us see that our songs we sing can bring the spirit of God down and then in the message God doesn't call man to judgment without first warning him he says Oh, don't that score you out? Don't you love those old songs? I would rather have them than all you can or any kind of these kind of songs. You can have them good old heartfelt song. I feel so good and happy when I sing them just good. My just feel like rejoicing. Praise the name of it that we have this song. Even yourself as an individual, you are singing this song, you are listening to this song, they cast out demons. Praise the name of our Lord. When Saul was troubled with an evil spirit, they called David, then David started singing. Whenever David would sing, Rio anointed because the spirit of God was upon David. So when he would get the equipment to sing, praise the name of our Lord, the demons will run out. Praise the name of our Lord. Like even when we come in the services sometimes you come with this trouble this kind of challenge in life and then you get into the song service you find the heaviness has gone away praise the name of our lord because of being part of the service and because of the music that has been s praise the name of our lord and then you feel oh god I thank you and even at the end of the service you don't want to leave because you feel the environment is like it was good for us to be here because the presence of God came and that's what should mean to us that the song leader breaks up the hearts of the people before the minister comes the ground is broken the stone hearts have gone away spirits of have left spirits of distra left and then somebody's mind is open here I am speak to me praise the name of Lord that's how we want our services praise the name of our lord let us go and pick up another scripture here in 1 Coronicles and then verse 1 Coronicles chapter 15 verse 15 and 16. Praise the name of our Lord. So the Bible says here and the children of the Levites bear the ark of God upon their shoulders with the steps there on as Moses commanded according to the word of the Lord. Now the ark of the covenant represented the word of God. Praise the name of the Lord. It represented the word of God. them Levites who carried the ark on their shoulders. Now this was the time when they were receiving the ark, you know, to put it in a new place that David had made. And then the scripture says in verse 16, and David spoke to the chief of the Levites to appoint their brethren to be singers with instruments of music, pulies, and harps and symbols sounding by lifting up the voice with joy. Praise the name of Lord. So the music singing it should come before the word and should come after the word. Praise the name of our Lord. Let the song service lead us into the word. And as a song leader, I should pray to God to help me that I may find the mind of the preacher so that when I'm singing, the Holy Ghost guides me to the subject of the preacher. And that is possible. Even the people who sing special songs don't come to sing a special song. I've learned this. Have you prayed about it? But when you pray about it, you'll find that God gives you a song. You come before us and sing it. And that's the subject of the ministry. And then it encourages you. Praise the name of our Lord. Like there's I remember some day. Praise the name of our Lord. I was still praying in church and then I had a burden that morning and then I started singing. They that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength. And then I was meditating upon that and I wanted to see that I can sing that song before the church. So now when I reached the church, the minister was preaching on waiting on the Lord. It happened several times. If you can't be into the spirit and so even our special song, let me pray about the song I'm going to sing. What is the minister going to preach in the name of now? Here my brother William and sister faith. Faith, what are you going to preach? Oh, brother Joshua, why don't we all have the same contact in heaven? You pray to father in heaven. What is the preacher going to preach? Then when I get that song right and come and sing it here and then he comes and preaches the same then we just say sure the Lord is here. Praise the name of you know it's a message. It's just like speaking in tong and translating it and then it is spoken is translated and then it comes to pass. You know God is here speaking in tongues. Translated and then you ask the person what has been spoken about you like brother Brandham gives it like this speaking in tongues. You have a stranger who comes to church and then one raises with speaking tongues and then the translation is given. There's a person here. He comes from this and this kind of place. He said this and this and this during this time if you can go and make it right you'll be delivered. So you go and ask that person what has been spoken. Is it correct? Said yes, it is correct. And then brother Brham says that person will know sure the Lord is in this place. Praise the name of our Lord. when you are all in contact with him. So you'll find a song leader moving you in a direction where the minister is going to come. The song leader is prayed up is connected with the father because it's the same spirit come here the holy ghost turns you around praise the name of moves you into this direction and then you find this is exactly what the Lord was showing like you even in the congregation God can also make you that even before you come to You are reading the text of the minister. Then you are thinking about it. Then when the minister said let us turn to this book. Surely praise the name of Lord. Like I remember some time ago we had brother green from Trinidad. That time I was still working in Toro and pastor was still staying at and I spent a night there. So we came for service on Sunday and now my mind was actually moving in areas of shadow. You know life is a shadow and I was writing down those notes every day and then pastor came and sat by me. What are you writing? Then he read. Now when he came here to invite brother Green to preach, brother Green was preaching exactly what I was writing. But there was no communication. But you see the spirit of God works in the congregation and then works with the minister and should also be the same thing. The spirit of God working on the song leader and also working upon your need. Praise the name of Lord. say that it's the Holy Spirit linking this joint to the other joint to the other joint together joint because we are a body and the Bible says let every joint supply let your joint supply by being in obedience to the Holy Spirit so that when the minister comes here the service is not Praise the name of our Lord. Make it easy for the minister. There's a press. I think it was in you're going to do those were during the times when there were restrictions. We couldn't congregate but then they would say okay if you gathered then gathered outside or things like that. So they called me, "Ah, there is a church here." That was in 2021. It's a new church. So we went and then we had a meeting outside because we were not allowed to sit inside. It was in the compound of a school. And then they started singing and what now you can't imagine when I went to that service to preach it was very hard 30 minutes I couldn't preach anymore said stop here only 30 minutes and as a fact that person has never believed when we finished the service. He was on busy making us move around the land. You know, my land starts from here. And you know sometimes you can even tell people have not received you because like when we are hosting people you know how best you prepare hosting people. So now you you get the best you can. Now for them what they got was the poorest you can have. Not that we go there to eat food, but you know we got something then you just the spirit from the beginning was not right. Not that you can't afford to eat but your attitude. So the whole service was hard only 30 minutes but it was even hard to finish 30 minutes and then they think he was involving us in and then how we was handling everything and we have never gone back there because there was no urge to go back. So let us not make the services hard. they are on me. No, praise the name of the Lord. You just say, "Lord have mercy upon me." And when your weakness is spoken, say, "Lord, deliver me." Don't justify it. No, that's not right. Say, "Lord, deliver me from this. Lord, deliver me from this kind of weakness." Praise the name of our Lord. And don't just be with a rebarious spirit. No. Say, Lord, help me in this place. I need your help, Lord. Praise the name of when God speaks your weakness, it means he has come to deliver from that. That's the whole thing. Speaks it. Say, Lord, here I am. Deliver me. Like when God sent Nathan to David, David had been in that session that thing of adultery for a whole year. He was in the sin of adultery or he had the sin of a doubter and then murder a whole year and then God sent nothing. When God sent nothing, David had even forgotten what he had done. man was living comfortably. The sheep had given birth to a child and they living together and then the prophet told him this is the thing God is against you. You committed adultery and then you killed. Now David said Lord have mercy upon me. And when David said, "Lord, forgive me." But before that, David had already judged himself to worth of death. That man needs to be killed. So when he heard that is the man, Lord have mercy. Lord, forgive me this. What did the prophet declare? Your sin has been taken away. So before the prophet coming the sin was there. So even you before your weakness is spoken about it is still there but when it is spoken Lord have mercy on Lord deliver him from this and then God says he has been taken away and God will give you the grace not to do it again praise the name of that's how the Holy Spirit works you know when he says this is the problem say Lord I'm here which way should I this path then you obey you follow and then he gives you grace like brother Wilson was preaching here in the Sunday school that there's no temptation that comes to you that is not common to you but God will always make a way of escape and sometimes the way of escape is when you hear somebody talking about you that means God has put a way of escape. There is deliverance here. Praise the name of God. So we need to see that when we come into the presence of God, let us be in the spirit. Praise the name of our Lord. So that the Holy Spirit can have preeminence in our lives. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us go to still that same chapter 1 Coronicles chapter 15 and then verse 22. Praise the name of our Lord. And Chan the chief of the Levites was for song. He instructed about the song because he was skillful. So there is also talent in these things. Yes. The Bible says he was skillful like our song leaders. How much time do you invest in in improving your skill in singing? polishing it so that it shines. Praise the name of our Lord. How many times do you say okay? You go back and look what now the song service you've led today. The key was bad. Where was the problem? Praise the name of the Lord. Then you start in A, you end up in F, then you go to E. The Bible says the chief of the musician, he was skillful. And as by the time you appointed a song leader come and lead us, You have a skill. Why does your skill keep flourishing? It is deteriorating. Praise the name of like I remember when we needed when we had a challenge we called brother Jeremiah to help us in translation and when he started you know when you have been having the best you feel bad but then you have to bear with somebody to grow. The way he started you would bear but over time he became the best. So it has also to grow. Praise the name of like when brother is here singing maybe looking at only his song. I believe in brother Cyrus was the same. You don't want to look at people's faces. You're just around here. And sometimes you try to spot a friendly face and you only want to look at that friendly face only that corner. But we grow over time. But then you have freedom to look all over. And then you have freedom to bring your instrument and then you are playing it. Those days you sing to yourself. We don't know what sing but you bear but it shouldn't be continuous like that. If I'm a translator today I made mistakes. But let me not repeat the same mistakes the next service. Let me be improving. Praise the name of like if I'm a minister. There's a brother they told me about that they called him to preach. It was his first time but he just read the message book. Amen. Amen. they meant to himself when he but of course he improves with time so even as our gifts they need to grow if I'm a song leader I need to see that my skill grows and growing you must be obedient to correction praise the name of Don't be stiff. Allow to be corrected. Praise the name of Lord. If they tell you there was a problem here, take it positively. Say, Lord, how can I do? How can I improve here? Praise the name of. And then you'll see that you improving. And then another thing to improve learn to listen to others who are in that same field. Like if I'm a song leader get good examples of song leaders good message song leaders listen to them sing. How do they act when they are singing? Praise the name of our Lord. you know say that I can learn from them when I'm singing a song you know we are maring to Zion I can talk about Zion you know Zion how many of us are going to Zion let the people get and pick something out of it so if we are maring to Zion you don't match when you're seated down hey let us stand up that we are marching to Zion. Make the service lively, not some of these churches in the denomination. Then you ask, "What are you happy about when you are not happy?" They're not happy. The confession doesn't match with what is expressed. Praise the name of our Lord. But you know, put the song service into the meaning of the song. Praise the name of Lord onward Christian maring us to war. But now if I'm singing onward Christian you yourself, you're not a soldier the way you but you're telling others to be soldiers. No, lead by example and demonstrate it. Praise the name of God. Yes. Let us have something better than what we've been doing. Praise the name of our Lord. And you have the liberty to express yourself. And when you're a song leader, somebody's putting on the song leader. Somebody's putting on the song leader song at home. Even on our functions somebody is that not what has sung that's what has flooded your home but then there's song services sung at church is what you have at home because they are good praise the name of so they sang with skill So our song leaders improve your skills like this like show like Michael Jackson you know I think started break dance we don't want those break dances He started walking as if he's walking on the moon on to that moon walking. No, we're not looking for that like we got some of these Pentecostal churches the choir they are doing acrobatics. When this one looks this side, they also look this side. When they jump, they jump. They're not looking for that. That's entertainment. Here we come to worship. Praise the name of our Lord. But you see how you bring the song and then get the people into the spirit. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us stand up. Let us shake one another's hands. Let us clap our hands. Praise the name of our Lord. And then your music has an impact upon somebody's life. You know there are some people come to church because of the song. But now these people when they put crusades especially in the denomination they make sure they do music which can attract the people but here the Bible says he had skill. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us improve our skills in song. Praise the name of our Lord. Let me say we can finish. So we go to 2 Chronicles chapter 5 and then verse 12. 2 Chronicles chapter 5 and then verse 12. The Bible says also the Levites which were the singers, all of them of Asa of the Hmon Jedan with their sons and their brethren, being ared in white linen, having symbols and pastries and hs stood at the east end of the altar, and with them 120 priests sounding with trumpets. [Music] And it even came to pass as the trumpets and The singers were as one to make one sound to be heard in the praising and thanking of the Lord. And when they lifted up their voices with instruments and symbols and instruments and then the house was filled with a cloud, even the house of the Lord. So that the priests could not returned to minister by reason of the cloud. For the glory of the Lord had filled the house of God. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. So the Bible says the musicians they were all with one voice. Praise the name of the Lord. Our instruments are not out of tune. This one is going east. The other one is going west. The other one is going south. What is this kind of noise like a marketplace? Coordination. This one pulls the other side. Pulls the other side. It will be the same thing. It it should be the it's like the same thing. The song leader is east. The congregation is west. The instruments are north and the minister is south. How can we get into the center? All of us. The song leaders come. The people have set instruments are not ready. Now there is time. Then he starts with complaining. Then you know he's already south. The other one's already north. The service becomes heavy. The congregation is in west when the minister comes. What has been happening here all along? East you don't expect the Holy Ghost there. You don't other than fault [Music] finding the other one says this we must have a meeting of these things is just not east then the meeting is want to bring them together. Let us come pray. If I'm going to play the instrument, let me find out in I'm going to play. Is it okay? And then also have time together. Understand how this one plays. Understand this one knows to play which one better then the equipment control. You know the one who controls the machines, the mixer, the what? He knows okay this is this it requires time to put in this thing. Wait on your ministry. Then the congregation coming with expectation I'm coming into the presence of God for you already at the center. Praise the name of the Lord. Then the musician comes when the spirit of God is around. You also come with the spirit of God. You also just get into the center. The musician's already in the center. And then the minister should be also in the center. Praise the name of And by the grace of God. always want to get ministers who can put us in the center where the spirit of God is. Praise the name of our not one who comes to scatter. Something where we can get closer to God. So the Bible says they were all in one voice. The attitude was right. The motive was right. The desire was right. Lord, we've come to see. You know, like that song, they come from the east. They come from the west. He brings them to dine with the mercy. Praise the name of those should be our services every come to dine with the mercy. We've come to worship him. We've come to honor him. Praise the name of we bring all our glory. You know the way the Bible says in the new Jerusalem the kings will come from the earth and then they all bring their glory to the city. Praise the name of our Lord like that queen of Sheba came with all her glory with all her riches to give to the gift of God. And that should be our hearts. Lord, I've come into your presence. And when I come into the presence, Lord, I've come to seek you. Lord, I've come to worship you. Lord, I've come to serve you. You come with all your heart. Praise the name of the Lord. Not leaving part of it behind or troubled by what is happening at home or tring at a place of work. But Lord, I have come in your presence. Praise the name of Lord. And then you'll see that we are all in one. The Holy Ghost has preeminence in us. And when God gives me a skill better than others, you need to humble yourself. If it is not me like that you think they will think they all we are all the same the only one they should know that mine is better than the other one. No, come with a spirit of not competition but a spirit to blend together. And if you are better than others, help others also to improve. Praise the name of Lord that they become better. When you see the kids off in your free time, you can go. I had you play like this. you give me and we try and we start say hey this equipment is as good as this praise the name of and then our parents let us encourage our children to be participants in the services of the Lord encourage them to learn his equipment encourage them to come and sing together encourage our children praise the name of our be part of this if you can get them an equipment at home. Very good. You are encouraging them. Praise the name of Allah instead of spending all the time on football which is better. If you can buy those iPads of 300 400,000, you can buy a G of about 300,000. There are some of these equipments like we have here our trumpet but is sleeping. Who can play that trumpet? But we are here and gives amongst us. Why does one come and say, "Oh, I'm going to play the trumpet." Why would we only burden the brothers who are here or the sisters? Ah, brother is good. But you can play this, play this. How about you? Hey, where is your goodness now? Start asking yourself, "What can I do for the Lord?" Take interest. Praise the name of the Lord. Take interest. Oh, how do they play this? How do they do this? Praise the name of the Lord so that the gifts keep on growing. Praise the name of the Lord. When you are not around, your services are not affected. Today we don't have a song leader. So the preachers don't go. What happened to your song leaders? They're looking for green pastures. Green pastures and then the service is stuck. What has happened that the equipments are not arranged? The other brother went with the keys. We are not putting random services. But you know when next day we have a service, I'm responsible for this. Let me be in time to do my role. Sundays we have service. I'm responsible for this. Let me do my role. Praise the name of And then you are showing honor and respect to God. Praise the name of our Lord. Ah, today I'm meant to be in the service. You don't put appointment when you're meant to be in service. Ah, you know, Sunday, you know, I have a business deal. No, have respect for God. Praise the name of God that you know you give your time to the things of God. Like our brother Dan was preaching on you know fearing God over last Wednesday. You know there God deserves respect. God deserves honor. You know we didn't go in most of those areas because you can come to worship but he says it is vain worship. We shall go into those areas the next time we come. Praise the name of our Lord. So may God bless you. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us sing a song as the song leader comes. We having a meeting outside after this service for the handover preparation. And then in the afternoon we have a youth service here. Praise the name. Let us sing a song about singing. I don't have here a song book. We should always keep a song book here. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us sing that song. Redeemed how I love to proclaim it. 140. Let us stand up. Redeemed thou I love to [Music] proclaimare by the blood infinite his child forever. Redee, redeemed, leading by the light of the lamb. Redee redeemed his child and forever. I'm so happy redeemed. I'm so happy. No language my rapture contain. No language my rapture can take. I know that the light of his presence I know that the light of this came with me. Yes. With me dark continually. I'm redeemed. I'm redeemed. Redeemed. [Music] Redeemed by the blood of God. Oh, I'm redeemed. Yes. Redee [Music] redeemed forever. [Music] I think of my blessed redeemer. I think of my blessed redeemer. I think of him all day long. I think of him all day long. I sing because I cannot be silent. I sing for I cannot be silent. His love is love is the name of my soul. I'm redeemed. Yes. Redeemed. I'm redeemed. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeemed by the blood of the Oh, I'm redeemed. Yes. redeemed. Redeemed. I'm his child and forever. His child and forever I am. Oh yes, I know. I shall in his beauty. The king. Oh, the king so I delight. Who guards my footsteps [Music] and he gives me songs in the night. [Music] Oh, I'm redeemed. Redeemed, redeemed, redeemed. Oh, redeemed. Redeemed by the blood of God. Oh, I'm redeemed. Oh, I'm redeemed. Oh, I'm redeemed. [Music] Yes, redeemed. Redeemed, redeemed. Oh, I'm redeemed. I'm redeemed by his precious blood. Yes, his child and glory. Hosana. Hallelujah. Blessed be the Lord. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. [Music] Hosana. Halleluah. Blessed be the Lord. Oh, blessed be the Lord my son. Sing hosana this afternoon. [Applause] Hosana. [Music] Hosana. Hallelujah. Blessed be the rock of my [Music] salvation. Hosana. Hosana. Blessed be the rock. Hallelujah. Blessed be the rock of my salvation. Sing glory. Glory. Oh, magnify the Lord with me. For he's worthy to be praised. For he is worthy to be praised. Magnify the Lord this afternoon. Is my magnify the Lord with me. Oh, he's worthy to be praised by him. [Music] Ohana. Blessed be the Lord. Oh, blessed be the rock of my salvation. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Blessed be the Lord of my son. Then sing glory, glory to his name. Oh, glory, glory to his name. For he's worthy to be praised. For he is worthy to be praised. Give him the glory this afternoon. Glory, glory, glory to his name. He's worthy for he is worthy. Give me the next verse. Jehovah Gyra is his name. Jehovah Gyra is his name. He provides and supplies my needs. For he provides all my needs. Jehovah Gyra is his name. Oh my is his name. The Lord providing my needs. The Lord providing. Come on now. Hosana. Hosana. Hosana. Hallelujah. Blessed be. Blessed be the Lord my salvation. Hosana. Hallelujah. This is the road of my salvation. Oh, no. No. [Music] season. [Music] [Music] sing as you prepare to speak to him this afternoon. [Music] [Music] Yes. Just begin to speak to him. Begin to praise him this afternoon. You deserve the glory, Lord. You deserve a honor. Oh father, you are a god who is above any other God. Lord, that's why we come with worship this afternoon. Lord, we come into your court. So heavenly father with thanksgiving. Oh Lord, like David said, I will come into your courts with thanksgiving. I will sing a new song unto my God. I want to thank you heavenly father Lord God this afternoon because you inhabit the praises of your people father we are your people who are called by your name oh heavenly father giving you the praise oh lord giving you the honor and the adoration lord father like the heavenly beings like the saraphim oh lord we want to sing worthy worthy is the lamb that was slain like the 24 elders Oh God, we come with a song of praise this afternoon. Oh heavenly father, thanking you for your goodness. Oh heavenly father, we come before your presence. Oh heavenly father, Lord God, thanking you for your goodness, oh Lord, thank you for your word, oh Lord, teaching us, oh heavenly father, how we ought to worship in your presence, oh Lord. You have created everything on this earth, Lord. And you say, "Let everything that has breath praise the Lord." You've created the legs. You have created the trees. You have created the flowers. You have created man. You've created the animals. And they all give praise in their different ways. Oh God, we bring our praise to you, oh heavenly father, this afternoon. Oh Lord, we come, oh God, with a song of adoration to you. Oh father, we come, oh king of glory. Lord God, with our mouths, oh Lord, as your word says that we shall sing spiritual songs, we shall admonish one another with spiritual songs. Father, we desire, oh God, may this music live, Lord, this Christian music, oh Father, may it be alive, oh Lord, living in our families, oh Lord, may we always sing of your goodness, oh God. You teach us in your word, oh father, how David always sung and entered into. Oh Lord, that presence and the evil spirits departed from soul. May you give us the same grace, heavenly father, that we can always come into your presence, Lord. May we always live in that presence, oh father, in the church, oh Lord, and our places of work, oh heavenly father, may that presence never depart. Oh Lord, we are this worship. Oh God, can be a life. Oh Lord, we are this worship. Oh king of glory, Lord can be a life that we walk. Oh Lord, a life that we talk. Oh heavenly father, we are worship. Oh heavenly father is a tangible substance. Oh father, that the people around us can see. Oh Lord, a life of the word. Oh Lord, we desire to be in true worship. Oh heavenly father like you said oh father that the true worshippers now is the time lord that they will worship you in spirit and truth oh lord we thank you oh lord give grace heavenly father that our lives may [Music] be lives of worship oh father that the way we walk oh king of glory lord god may it be a life of worship the way we talk. Oh Lord, may it be a worship. Oh heavenly father, we thank you Lord. We bless your [Music] name. Blessed be your holy name oh Lord. [Music] So I will worship you in the way I walk. The way I talk, the way I lift my hands to praise. So I will worship you in the way I [Music] love. How I forgive when I breathe. Sing with me now. Oh, so I will worship you in the way I walk. The way I do, the way I lift my hands, the way I lift my hands to praise. Why we worship you in the way I love? How I forgive when I pray when I pray. Give me the first verse now. You see worship is empty attitudes. [Music] going through the motions. Yes, it's so much more. It's the way we live our lives. Worship is the way we live our lives. Giving glory. Yes. Giving glory in everything. So I will worship. Oh, so I will worship you. In the way I walk in the way I talk, the way I talk, the way I lift my hands, the way I lift my hands to praise. So I will worship in the way I love others. In the way I love and how I forgive. How I [Music] forgive when I pray. Shut up in the secret place now. Shut up in the secret place of God. He loves a broken spirit. Oh broken spirit and a contrite heart. Committing all your ways and days. committing all my ways and days to you. Let him be your shepherd. Lord, be my shepher. Accept my praise with our hands now. Oh, so I we worship him this afternoon in the way I do. The way I lift my hands, the way I Oh, so I will worship you in the way I love how I forgive when I pray. So I will worship you. I want to hear you now. In the way [Music] I the way I adore, the way I lift my hands to praise. I will worship you. The way I love and the way I love how I forgive. [Music] When I pray, you appreciate the pastor for the [Music] word. Worship, worship, worship. It's not just closing your eyes. It's the way we talk. the way we walk, the way we live our lives. Amen. Amen. Reminder here, today's our final preparation meeting for Pastoral's handover ceremony. says here the first note says, "Think of what you will give your pastor." And you are also invited for the final meeting immediately after service. Amen. Amen. Believe it will be outside there. Amen. Amen. Have mercy upon me, oh Lord. by brother Joe Ram. I've also been reminded there's a the youth meeting for the afternoon. Amen. Amen. Have mercy upon me, oh Lord. My soul is headed for destruction as I lift my hands to you. As I say a prayer of faith, deliver me is my cry, Lord, each day. Oh have mercy. Have mercy upon me, oh Lord. My soul, my soul is headed for. As I lift my hands to you, oh Lord, as I lift my hands, as I say a prayer of faith, as I say a prayer of faith, deliver me. is my cry Lord each day. My soul exceedingly boss with pride. My lips, oh Lord, my lips, they speak with words of cont. I walk in ungodly counsel. I walk in ungodly counel and I stand in the way. Oh from this seat of the scars pull me out. Oh mercy have me oh Lord. Oh my soul, my soul, my soul is headed for destruction. As I lift my hands, as I lift my hands to say a prayer, a prayer, that even me is my cry. Holy Spirit. Oh have mercy. Have mercy upon me. Oh Lord. My soul. My soul. My soul for destruction. [Music] Oh Lord. As I lift my hands to you. And as I sing for delivering is my cry. Holy sh my soul exceedingly boss. My soul exceedingly boss with pride. My lips, my lips, my lips speak with words of content. Oh Lord, I walk in a calling console and I stand in the way of sinners from the seat of the screw. Oh mercy, have mercy upon me, oh Lord. My soul, Lord, my soul, my soul is headed for this. As I lift my hands to you. As I lift my hands to you. Say a prayer of a prayer. Oh Lord, deliver me is my cry. And as I lift my hands, as I lift my hands, as I say a prayer, I pray. Oh Lord, deliver me. Is my cry. Oh, as I lift my hands, as I as I see a prayer of [Applause] Lord, deliver me. Lord, is my stand to you as I lift my hand. As I lift my hand, as I say a prayer of faith, a prayer. Oh Lord, believe on me. Is my cry Lord. [Music] [Music] [Music]
