################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - The Great Commission         Pastor Katumba James            08.O6.2025 - Katumba James.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-08
Title:    The Great Commission    |     Pastor Katumba James       |     08.O6.2025
Speaker:  Katumba James
Church:   Inner Veil Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 39m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IyF_2a2T-Do
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I'll promise land. Amen. Give him a hand of praise this morning. We are bound for that precious promised land. Amen. Amen. Yeah. You may get seated. Amen. Amen. Now, as we gather our offerings, We shall turn song number 149. There's no disappointment in heaven. Amen. Amen. I want to sing it with you as we gather offerings. There's no disappointment in heaven. No weariness or sorrow or pain. No hearts that are bleeding and broken. hotel with a minor refrain. Sometimes I go home for heaven for [Music] thousand [Music] whenever the sky. We sing it again. There's no disappointment in heaven. No weariness, sorrow of pain, no hearts that are bleeding and broken. No. Go with a minor refrain. The clouds of a three horses will never appear in the sky. For all will be sunshine and go. and fearful [Music] singing and how we see when I will be a [Music] great Oh, I see. Oh, I see. All you will be Oh, without my spout We're singing ses. I'm strong when I angels. Oh [Applause] my god. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Savior when I hear you. Oh my god. [Applause] Oh my god. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Hey, I got one. Oh, Victor audio again. [Music] I heard about his glory of his precious Then I remembered all my sins and won the victory. Victory Savior forever. is on me and for me with his baby that I know my love is [Music] true about his feeling all his blessing might Amen. Amen. Amen. My dear Jesus, come and hear my voice. I Jesus to me and moving for Jesus. You love I know my love is true. It is the I for me glory and the heart of me the me [Music] sing of victory in Jesus my savior forever where he is to the victory victory. [Music] Jesus my savior forever. Happy and all my love is true. I me to the victory. We praise the Lord. We praise. We praise him. Praise him when it's morning and praise him in the dark. Oh, we praise him. We praise Jesus. We serve the Lord. is Jesus in the morning. I found it in without [Music] Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Oh [Music] yes. Oh yes. And I say [Music] yes. Oh yes. [Music] [Applause] might be our soul. You are my soul. Yes, you are my son. You are my you. Oh my god. Oh [Music] my god. [Music] [Music] Amen. Amen. Yeah. As we receive the minister, we'll sing 43. Amen. Amen. It is a dining time. We thank God for this day. We've gone back to the original. We have gone back to the original. We use not have the projector [Music] but all in all we are here. Amen. Amen. come and die. You [Music] miss Jesus has a table where the saints of God are [Music] fit his chosen people come and [Music] die with his man of fies. Oh, Jesus. Oh [Music] [Applause] my god. [Music] The [Music] show to the hyiples come down the Jesus [Music] fishy all come and die. Come and die the master. Oh my go [Music] to be a mighty son. Oh, the host. Oh, to be a glorious son. All our [Music] ses commander commander master commander. This is his table. [Music] He who fed the multitude turn the water into one to the [Music] hyeston along soon the lamb will take it to be a mighty son. Oh, the host of heaven assembled me. Oh, there a glorious I Jesus will eternal. Oh, come and die. Come and [Music] die. Come on. May you may face his table all done where he will f the multitude and turn the water into one to the hy command soon. Oh, the lamb will take his breath to me. [Music] I teach Turn the water into the [Music] hungry. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] hungry. Amen. Praise the name of our Lord. Amen. Amen. Let us pray. Father, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, we thank you Lord for this morning. praise and honor to your name, appreciating for the grace you've given unto us to come into your presence. Lord, you promised that two or three are gathered in your name, you will be there in the midst. We believe you are here, Lord. Speak to us the words of eternal life. As you said in your word, they shall be taught of the Lord. It shall be their peace. You have upon this service. Set all those bound free Lord. All the sinners Lord Jesus are sick Lord and fill us with your spirit. We pray that Lord Jesus Christ while we are in your presence be able to benefit from all the redemptive [Music] blessings. love you more than before. We have to be obedient to your word. Bless us together, Father. In the name of the Lord Jesus, we grant us this. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. I greet all of you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. Wherever the visitors coming here for the first time, just raise up your hand. Yes, you're welcome. Thank you so much. Amen. Amen. So today we have only the one service but then on next Sunday we shall have the afternoon service as well for the youth. Praise the name of our Lord. We shall have the main service in the morning but then on the afternoon that's 15th of this month we shall have the afternoon service for the youth. Praise the name of our Lord. Then also remember that on 14th that's this Saturday we want to have a praying and fasting meeting. So you're welcome for those be able to be around Saturday. Then on 22nd which will be a Sunday this month we are going to be hosting brother from German services that day. Praise the name of our lord. So you can as well invite your friends. You have also invited a number of the new pastors and likewise we are calling upon your contribution that you make your contribution to our church treasurer because we want to see that we have a meal together and then we have a return journey transport for the new ministers will be coming. We told them those were able to come but then we shall confunded going back and that's and now that's why we need our support to make those contributions. Praise the name of our lord. Now pastor came back from praise the name of the Lord. But through the week he has been very sick. And so he requested brother William to come and explain to church about his situation. So I would invite brother William to come. Now when brother William finishes invite the youth to come and sing praise the name of our welcome you God bless you saints um our pastor is not here Like pastor James has said, he's been weak and um the weakness has been uh he says it has been there through the past, you know, years. It has been coming and going and is managed. Yeah. But uh recently when he came from Canada, I remember he spent like six weeks away He carried out so many services. Then when he came back uh we had a handover service. Then through the week he was invited to different churches. Then he had to travel again to Tanzania. So that make made him a little bit deeply actually fatigued. and it greatly affected his health. As you know, he has been telling that he has been managing diabets and hypertension. Depression. Yeah. So together with the fatigue Yeah. It made him so weak that I could not even walk. Yeah, he could just he could not make two steps. He could make one step and then falls down. Uh speaking was very very slow. Speaking speaking. Yeah. Sometimes would fail even to speak a word. Yeah. But um you know with also the effect of the toll of the ministry at all burden you traveling and then a few illnesses here and there. Maybe you're not eating well on those travels, you're not eating well. So, it really uh put a toll on his on his health. So the last week uh we've been managing him. We've been managing his condition and he has been receiving treatment at home. Yeah. And now he's in a better position. Yes. He can walk around. He can walk around. He can even hold a conversation. So we just we just continue praying that uh his healing is hastened and also we pray for the strength in his spirit so that he can come and be amongst us. So we just pray that uh as a family and as church. Yes. Let us um rally around him in in this time. Let us rally around him in this time. Yeah. And we lift him in prayer. You can reach out with love. Honor his many many faithful years in service. You can give him a call. It means a lot when he's hearing from you. and I believe that God is hand upon him and of course the unit of the church as we pray together. He will return to full strength and then you'll be able to stand with us here. Amen. Amen. Yeah. So that is what is happening with our precious pastor. That is okay. Is very okay now. Yeah. May God bless you. Amen. Amen. [Music] [Music] [Music] The song is called We Must Work. back while it's still there. [Music] We must walk, walk, walk while this day, spreading the word of God. As we walk along the way, we to do his will, spreading the word of God till it reaches throughout the hill. We must witness to everyone we meet. In every song we sing, we must tell them all are soon coming. We must try one day. Oh, spreading the word of God. As we walk along the way, we to do his will, spreading the word of God till it reaches throughout the kings. We must reach to everyone we meet. Every song we sing, we must tell them all a soon coming. He lives the fling days of time. My joy, the glorious hope of thy soul wondrous rules of life. Oh, he shall reign. The king of kings and lord of lord, he's coming soon. He's coming soon. He's coming soon. With joy we will come returning. Oh, it may be long. It may be night on earth. We know he's coming soon. The signs around the earth and air are painted in the star kind. God's faithful witnesses declare. Oh God coming over the Savior now. He's coming soon. He's coming soon. He's coming soon. with joy. We welcome his returning. Oh, it may be more. It may be night on earth. We know he's coming soon. [Music] the dead in Christ who made the slave. In countless numbers all shall rise and when through the quarters of the sky all he shall come to prepare our coming soon. He's coming soon. He's coming soon. Soon with joy we welcome his return. It may be one. It may be night or blue. We know he's coming soon. We holy [Music] name shall meet a faithful love. [Music] This we cherish nothing in vain. Oh, but we comfort one another by his word. He's coming soon. He's coming soon. Soon. He's coming soon. with joy we welcome his [Applause] returning. Oh, it may be more. It may be night on earth. We know he's coming soon. We must wow. Walk this day. Oh, spreading the word of God as we walk along the way. We live to do his will. Spreading the word of God till it reaches throughout the king. We must witness to everyone we meet in every song we sing. We must tell them all our soon [Music] coming. God bless you. [Music] Amen. Amen. Let us clap for them. [Applause] Amen. Surely we must work. Praise the name of our Lord. Amen. While still day, we must work. So, sister Faith is not around. She was also not feeling well in the course of the week. Yesterday, she was very weak. So, keep her in prayers. Then, Brother went to yesterday also went back to yesterday. So just keep them in your prayers. Brother Dan requested to sing a song with his family but I would invite you if you can come. Amen. Amen. Come forward. So we thought I'm going to preach about supporting the missionary but this morning my thought changed. Praise the name of our Lord. It took me time to work it out. That's why we came almost late. [Music] So you can sing, brother. God bless you. God bless you, church. We're going to sing a song to thank God for one year in marriage. Amen. [Music] When I look around and see all the good things he's done for me, I know I'm unworthy of them all. That is love. He freely gave all my life to him. I got so much to thank him for. Well, I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him. Well, you see, he has been so good to us. And when we think of all he's done for us and where he brought us from, thank you much you've done. Well, I've got so much to thank him for, so much to praise him for. You see, he has been so good to me. When I think of all he's done and when he brought me from my God so much to thank him for and sometimes along the way I need you. I stop and say thank you for all you've done for me. And one day a re sweet heaven show. Oh, please let me kneel and say thank you. Thank you. Oh yeah. Well, I've gone so much to thank him for so much to praise him for you. See, he has been so good to me. When I think of what he's done and when he brought me from my God's soul to thank him for. Well, I've got so much to thank him for. So much to praise him for. You see, you mean so good to me. And when I think of all he's done for me and his [Music] bron. Amen. [Applause] Praise the name of our Lord. Yesterday I was a birthday kind of their home for the little baby and we thank God for that. Praise the name of our Lord. Unfortunately, we don't have our projector, but there's a song in I wanted to sing, but I believe we shall skip that. Let us stand up. Let us pray again. Father, we thank you for this morning. The grace that you've given up us, Father, and the things that you do in our midst, we give praise to you, Lord. We pray that as we go to the opening of the word, the spirit of God come and speak to us. Father, may the word become alive in our lives that we may be able to heed what the word tells us to do. Bless us all together, Father, in the name of the Lord Jesus, who uses. Amen. Amen. So, we go to Mark chapter 16. We're reading from verse 15 to verse 20. Mark chapter 16. Verse 15 to verse 20. We want to talk on the great commission. And he said unto them, "Go into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature." He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved, but he that believeth not shall be damned. And these signs shall follow them that believe in my name. They shall cast out devils. They shall speak with new tongues. They shall take up serpents, and if they drink any deadly thing, it shall not hurt them. They shall lay hands on the sick and they shall recover. spoken to unto them. He was received up in heaven and sat on the right hand of God. And they went forth and preached everywhere, the Lord working with them and confirming the word with signs following. Amen. Amen. May God bless his worded. So one share on the great commission. Praise the name of our Lord. So when the Lord Jesus was leaving the earth, he told his disciples, "Go out into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature. Praise the name of our Lord. Every creature has to hear the gospel." Praise the name of our Lord. And you know to hear that gospel it is all our responsibility to make sure that every creature hears the gospel. You may not be a minister. But you can also talk about Christ. You can testify about Christ to at your place of work, at your home, at your neighborhood. Maybe the man you always sent to buy for you food or the man you sent to pick your children or take your children. You can have a conversation on the Lord Jesus Christ. Tell them the goodness of the Lord. Tell them of what the Lord has done in your life. You give a testimony. Tell them how you got saved. And you see even St. Paul whenever he had an opportunity to go to the Jews be among the congregation. He would talk about his background and he said you know I was so zealous. I was a persecuting the church and then he would talk about the his conversion. I was going from, you know, he was going to Damascus with soldiers of the temple. And then a bright shining light shone before him. And then a voice spoke to him in the Hebrew language. Saul, why do you persecute? And then he said, who are you, Lord? Then he said, I'm Jesus. You find Paul testifying about his conversion several times and they would get new people and then tell them about the Lord sent him to go and preach the gospel. Even every one of us has got a testimony of what the Lord has done. You can't say me I don't know what the Lord has done for you. You have something to testify. Maybe when you were too sick and then you felt you couldn't go any further, you can testify to another person. The other day I was almost dying and the Lord came down and delivered you testifying. Praise the name of our Lord. as you are testifying hearing the good news of the gospel of Jesus Christ and then they can also tell you about their problems this and this we have at home you think can work out can do it the name of each of us has a testimony testifying to your friends testifying to your colleagues testifying to your neighbors, testifying to your family members, tell them about what the Lord has done in your life, why you got saved. Tell them the goodness of the Lord. Each and every one of us has a responsibility to bring souls to Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. It's only the minister's responsibility. Each and every one of us we have a responsibility to bring a soul or two or three to the Lord Jesus. We ask ourselves how many people have I brought the Lord Jesus in the message of blushing prophet. So he says, I know I know God's program. It is written out here in the Bible and I'm ashamed of myself as a minister of the gospel. One million souls won. Okay. I ought to have 10 million souls warned. I'm way behind. Then he says, "What about you?" Praise the name of our Lord. When we start asking ourselves like when we sit here in church in the church members who are here Can you point out and say that this one I'm the one who brought this one to Christ? I think we can look around. How many of us who are here? Can you say that one? I'm the one who testified. I'm the one who told him the gospel. How about us? Then he says, "How many souls you won since you've been in Christ?" Ask yourself, how many have you won since you accepted the Lord? Oh, you only count your family. Oh, you know, produce many children so that I bring churches. You know there was a reverend who was asking pastor sometime I think it was at a funeral and then he was asking him you where do you get your people then he was telling him ours you know produce they bring them in the church and then we baptize them. Now this man was so thinking that the kingdom of God is populated by the natural birth and that's not it. That's what the dominations do and that's what you know the Muslims also preach many produce many I think it was yesterday the other day I was looking at the population of religions and then you know you know I think Christian is the biggest billions of people either two or three billions then followed by Muslims and I think the other was Hindu or something like that. But you know they keep on producing and they think that they gaining more but in the kingdom of God is not a natural [Music] multiplication that you have produced in the flesh and you have added to the kingdom in the kingdom of God is being born again. Praise the name of our Lord. And as long as you've been born again, you have the ability to bring another person into the kingdom of God. How do you do that? Testify of what the Lord has done to you. Don't keep quiet. Talk to that friend of yours. Talk to that stranger. Sometimes at the place of work, people are are talking ill against the gospel. Talk to them about the goodness of the Lord. Tell them there is the truth in that truth. Praise the name of the Lord. Testify about the Lord. Your neighbors are there, but they don't know what you even believe. Now for you, how do you want to go to heaven alone? When your neighbors are there, they even don't know what you stand for. They don't know even where the church you pray from is you've never invited them. Come and we pray. Some of us have relatives at home, but we leave them at home. Let me go pray. you keep at home alone, why don't you tell your relatives come to your home today is Sunday. Let us all go to church. Then there are those friends of yours who like coming to converse with you every morning. Remind them that on Sunday I want to go with you to church. come and hear about the goodness of the Lord. See that you invite another person to hear the gospel of Jesus Christ. So he says, "How many have you won since you came into Christ?" Christianity just goes from one to another. That's how we hear the gospel. Somebody told you that's why you are here. You also need to tell somebody testify to them and don't despise somebody that listen and pray for that person. They don't listen whatever you say. take interest and speak to them. Praise the name of our Lord. Then says Christianity goes from one to another. How many souls have you won since you became a Christian? If you are not winning souls, you are guilty. You are barren. You have brought a shame on the church and the gospel. How many people are you got out on Wednesday night prayer meeting? If you are not doing it, you ought to be ashamed of yourself before Christ. You are guilty and your place is at the altar. In other words, to repent. You are not doing what the great commission says. Testify to another person. Tell somebody about Christ. Tell them about the goodness of Christ. Praise the name of not just that is my church. We believe the message. How will the others hear about it if you don't tell them? the people you work with, have you testified them about the goodness of the Lord? Praise the name of like now if maybe you are in some kind of place like maybe in a construction site. You know like our brother Moses, how many of the people you work with have you talked them about Christ? Come and come and come and worship with us. How many have you brought into brother at your garage? How many people have you told please come with the name of brother when you are riding your motorcycle the people are you only interested in their money or their souls? Talk to them. There is God who saves. There is God who is alive. Come and be saved. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, you don't say what people have you about the Lord Jesus Christ. Praise the name of God. Like sister in your shop, they come and buy this. How many of you told that Jesus saves? Praise the name of our Lord. You know the other day, Sister Miriam was very sick. Sister Miam. So when we went to the hospital then she said pray for me that I can come back I serve God said that is a very good one but now in your shop there in town people come and buy clothes from you. How many have you told about the Lord Jesus? Praise the name of how many have you talked to about the Lord Jesus? that he saves. He gives eternal life. He has healed me. I was almost dying. But now I'm okay. How many? Our sister Maria when she's in school teaching entrepreneurship to make money to start enterprising. How about the gospel? Praise the name of the Lord. You know, we need to ask ourselves, what have I done, the place that I'm staying in? Praise the name of our Lord. How many people have heard about the Lord Jesus Christ? People like coming to you to consult you. You a consultant. If that person talks to you, it is good about the things of the gospel. So that things of the gospel don't matter. The Bible says every creature and everywhere praise the name of our Lord testify. Of course you may not say that I'm going to take one whole hour to testify what the Lord has done for you. The Lord has saved you. Initiate interest in the heart of that person. What have you say? I'll come and hear another time. Say, but you know there's a person who is sick here. Can you pray for that person? The Bible says they that believe shall lay hands on the sick and they shall be healed. You can also pray for that person. There was a prayer line brother Brandham was having and then there was a sister who was seated and saw an a mother carrying a baby was very sick. So she felt in her heart, God Lord, I wish you can heal this child. And then she was moved in her heart. I went to the mother said, I'm sorry. Can you help me with your kid? I pray for the kid. No, I'm sorry. You continue in the prayer line, brother will pray for you. And then the mother gave her the baby. She prayed for the baby and they continued the prayer line. Now when brother Brham was discerning that he said you your child has been healed when the other woman prayed for that child the child was healed. So the Bible says they that believe shall lay hands on the sick and they shall be healed. As a mother you can do that to your children lay hands on your sick and they recover. Maybe you are in the neighborhood another woman the child is very sick. You can tell them God can heal your child. Put your hand on the child and he has healed and you can start testifying about. Then you find that mother saying I want to come to your child get saved. Praise the name of our Lord. I want to be converted. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us go to the book of first Peter chapter 3. Praise the name of our Lord. And then verse one, the Bible says, "Likewise, you wives be in subjection to your own husbands, that if any obey not the word, they also may without the word be warned by the conversation of the wives. while they behold your chest conversation coupled with fear. Now he says now like you are a wife your husband doesn't accept the Lord. You have testified to me he doesn't believe that but he said he can be warned by your conduct. He sees your conduct is say let me go and pray today with my wife. That's also how you can win your colleagues at place of God. That's how you can win your neighbors by your true Christian conduct when people are ganging up together and maybe they are fighting. You are a peacemaker. You are not putting in fire in this one here or siding with this one here and then to fight another one here. You find you are a very sober person that in that neighborhood everybody will come and consult you. You know this is what my husband did last night. You are not the one to cause them to split but you give them counsel. guidance. Praise the name of Lord. They see there's something different in your life and then you see how you can bring them to Christ by the way you behave, by the way you talk and the way they see how you handle your things. Praise the name of our draw men to Christ. The Bible says when Christ is lifted up men unto himself. You lift Christ by your conduct. You lift Christ by your testimony. Say, I want to hear more of this. I want to go where you fellowship. Praise the name of like if now you are a boss. You know people are working for you. Be sincere and pay them the money that is due to them. exposing trust until they would believe every word you say. But now if they don't believe what you say, there's something wrong with your life. That one is a liar. He's just dodging. That's what the people do in the world. But now for you who is in Christ, the Bible says your yes must be yes. Your no must be no. You know, in other words, stand by what you speak. Let somebody trust in you. Praise the name of God. Not being double tonged. Today you are saying this. You're saying another thing. It didn't work. That one is like that. He has finished. should be like that where we work, where we study from or where we live. Praise the name of So the Bible says that the conduct of wives can convert their husbands. Their husbands can be converted. They can be brought to Christ by the good conduct of their wives. Praise the name of Lord. We need to see that we win souls to Christ. And how do you win souls to Christ? By testifying about Christ, by living a right life about praise the name of God. When you among your friends or your colleagues or where you work or where you stay or among your relatives, let them see a different person who is truly converted. And if they are going to say there is a Christian, I see that person is a true Christian. You know nowadays people are used to fake people. Fake fake Christians, fake everybody, fake. They just used to that because that's the end of the day. But you are called to be different. Praise the name of our Lord. If you are going to work, be faithful at your place. Praise the name of our Lord. Be sincere. Let the truth be living in you, not pretending like the rest of the world. Praise the name of Lord. And that's how we can bring many souls to Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. Now he says in the message adoption says until that time God let me stay on the field royal let me I don't care what the cost is how many or what I do this or that or the other let me stay royal and true to the Word of the living that when that day come and I cross over there that I may look across and say there you are. Oh my precious friend, my precious brother, my precious sister. now is looking you know at the end of the day there is time to give accountability. How are you going to account for your time? How are you going to account for your money? How are you going to account for your family? How going to account for the opportunities that God has given you? Praise the name of Do you take time in the things of the kingdom of God? You know the Bible says that those that convert many praise the name of our Lord they shall shine like stars. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us go to the book of Daniel chapter 12. And then in verse three, and they that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament, and they that turn many to righteousness, as the stars forever and ever. they that turn many to righteousness. Find out how many men are in your crown. Praise the name of the Lord. You know like in the forces police army or prison stars for general how many stars are you? Ask yourself on earth they stop that four or five stars. But for you, every soul you win is a star. A star is a star. A star. How many stars are you? What you've brought into the kingdom of God now? These people, the stars are just here. They can even retire you when no one even cares about you. I know what they do nowadays. Even when they have retired, they get those red stars, they get a metal and then the world red stars there and they put in front of their car. Then you ah that's a fourstar general. Oh, that's one star brigade. General two stars general maybe three stars. This is a general four stars. But they stop here. But ours is eternity. How many have you got in the kingdom? Praise the name of the Lord. How many have you brought to Christ? Brother Brandham is saying I want to see at that day oh brother if you didn't come if you didn't come if you didn't talk about Christ that day if you don't come to this place I wouldn't have known Christ what testimony are you going to give praise the name of the Lord but then you are shy when you are When you're in your groups of work, you're all about calculations or equations. Then you know how to send this story to everybody status. You put some of those things there. Things of God are far away. Even when they when you're in a meeting at your place of work, nobody knows that you can pray. You just hiding yourself today. We have no one who is going to pray for us. Put your head down. How you going to talk about Christ? Because they don't know anything about you. But if they know you as a person who loves God, they even call you pastor when you're not a person. Let them pray for us. But in that place, nobody knows about you. What they know are which doctors, nobody knows about you. That one who who moved from there was a Christian. Can you imagine? You are a Christian, a saved person and a witch doctor moves you from the village. Where is your power? The demon is in that place. So let me move away. But there are people like that that at their place of work they are put down until people will come and speak vulgar language in your office when you laugh and feed on that there is something wrong with you. But if really God is in your life, the fear of God will always come down. Praise the name of our Lord. There is a hospital where we always take our children for treatment. And I believe this was Christmas time. So end of year that was last year. One of our child was sick. So in the evening, we're just in the hospital there. Now the nurses were coming. There was a party in the neighborhood and those nurses I'm told the way they were dressed. So one of the health workers there was attending to me and then when he came he told me my colleagues were fearing to come in they were afraid of you that they have skimp clothes. But now if you're one of the consumers of their things, they come and stand before you find it like that. So you have no testimony. Somebody will come, shakes your hand with a dirty joke, there's something wrong in your life. How will you win that person to Christ? If they identify you to be having feeding on those dirty things, when you go on Tik Tok, you see something dirty, you press like, what are you feeding on, how are you going to win them to Christ? But yet when you are meant to be in their mid, the fear of God should come down and they will try to be careful. I don't have many talkative but because he's so much in the business of dirt when he come you just keep quiet cuz he has nothing to talk to. Praise the name of our Lord. So what kind of life do we have before they speak? If you're not different from them, they are going to win you to their side. which comes and is the one who rents in the next room. You have the power to chase actually your presence in that place alone will destabilize all those forces. They will destabilize them. People will not be comforted who do witchcraft because there's a presence of God and you can use that presence of God to testify to them that the things they are in are destructive and you tell them come to Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. That's what we are meant to be. Praise the name of our Lord. Then you have neighbors who all the time And for you like going in their company and the Bible says blessed are they who don't sit in the seat of scorners but now for you you like sitting in the seat of sconers. How are you going to testify to them about the Lord Jesus? They will not believe you. How are you going to turn them to Christ when your conduct is not better than them? You can't win them. They don't see any difference in you. So we need to see that the life of Christ is projected in our lives. The glory of God is around us. So when you speak, the word that comes out of your mouth has power to convict the person. Praise the name of it. It has power. He may not respond to you there and there, but when he goes back, he thinks about that. It troubles him. And sometimes that's how people even come back. You may not necessarily be preaching the gospel. But you are just talking because it the Christ is part of you. And when you start talking, even those people are troubled. They find they getting calmness. When they go away, then they remember I came when I was disturbed. Everything has gone away. Then again they like coming around you because you create an atmosphere and that atmosphere can bring conversion to someone. You just tell them can you accept the Lord Jesus as your person? Can you come and we pray with us on Sunday or what scripture have you read today? You are challenging them into the things of God until they start becoming aware and finally you can bring them to Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. Each and every one of us, we are called upon to testify about the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord. Then he says in that message paragraph 228, "Young preacher, get into the field, stay in the harness, all you young preachers and things, don't sit around, don't just sit and do nothing. Get out yonder. and win a soul. Do something. Get on. Get moving. Don't stop. Young preacher over there. Praise the name of says do something. Testify. Praise the name of you know we shouldn't just come and do evangelism in the church. You know their parents also outside there. Praise the name of our Lord. Testify. Tell them about the goodness of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Your friends you walk with, your colleagues you study with, your neighborhood or the stranger or business associate. You know maybe they have come to buy something like that. You can start a conversation about Christ. You can start a conversation about the goodness of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Like brother Brandham had gone to hunting and then he was with one of the brothers in church and then the brother knew the other family and then he talked to that old man. We've come here to do hunting said I have I have come with my pastor. Are you so a child to walk with your pastor? Praise the name of you can come and close the water. So then he said you are you so to come with your your pastor brother now got out said how are you sir? Then this man was like for walking with the pastor for what? And then started riding there's no god there's no nothing. And then brother Brandham started using nature to preach to him Christ. Praise the name of that is where you can start from and show them Christ. At the end of the day that man was converted. He was turned to Christ. So you don't wait and say no. Even where you were, you can start to fire at your home, your neighbors, the shop. You go to buy things, they know you that you pay your debts, you don't cheat. Introduce them Christ. Praise the name of our introduce to them Christ. Let them know Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message the end time. He says it is not fair that one person hear the gospel twice. when somebody has not heard it once. See, everybody should hear the gospel at least once and I want to do my part to take the gospel to everybody that I know how every place that should be our desire. Let them know the Bible says be ready to testify about the faith that you have. Why do you believe how you believe? Why do you believe God has sent us a prophet? Why do you believe we have a message of the hour preparing the bride for the rapture and sometimes where you are working or in your scripture in your at school those people said they are saved but they don't know that we have a message to prepare us for the rapture introduce to them the message so my friends praise the name of the Lord know that Christ is coming for his challenge them. Say how what do you mean? No. Tell them we have a message. Give them about the testimony. What the Lord has done in our age. Praise the name of our Lord. Talk to them about the life of brother Brand sent him with a message. Ask for the rapture. came and testify and that's when maybe you can say ah I I want to hear more of this. Praise the name of our Lord. Take interest in doing that. Like we have our website here. It has all the the timeline of the prophet, the things that the Lord did, the key events, you know, which you can share with somebody. He's a prophet. God sent us. He prophesied about the second world war. He's prophesied about this and all these things have come to pass and then testify to them. God took him where he's taking the people in heaven. There is a one pastor in Campala. She said she went to heaven. But when she went to heaven, why she saw three, the father was too tall and he couldn't see the eyes. And then the son was a little bit short. And then the Holy Ghost was very short. When the prophets were only seeing one, the prophets were seeing one seeing three. Tell them about what the Lord has done. Praise the name of you testify. I think about last month. I sent some kind of tract on water baptism forum. You can print it out and then you share it with your friends. Baptism in the name of Jesus Christ. Baptism by immersion. Praise the name of our Lord. Even the timelines of the prophet. We have it printed out. So you can say I want the Uganda version. I want the English version. You go and read it yourself. When you're talking to a person, you know what you're talking about. You can tell them this is the truth. All these things are here. But what interest do you have in them? How do you use them or they just there? Praise the name of our Lord. So he says every person should hear the gospel. Then he says, "And you know, okay, let me start from here. I believe that every Christian is obligated to be a missionary. I believe every Christian is obligated Now, not so much as you have you have to go over in the old countries and preach something. Then he says, but if you can't go, you can send somebody else. Praise the name of the Lord. Each and every one of us, we have an obligation to be a missionary to testify about the goodness of God. Your neighbors, let them know about them. Let them know what you believe. Your friends, let them know what you believe. Your family, let them know what you believe. Where you standing from, let them know what you believe. You know there are friends you find that you can even eat the same thing. You can even get maybe and you break it and eat. Do they know what you believe? That one is my friend and he's my real friend. Do they know what you believe? Like know some people when they coming for their weddings, their friends are either they are groomsmen or maids or the best man, but they don't know what you believe. And then he said, "These are my friends. This one is my friend. Do they know what you believe? Have you testified to them about what you've done? Sometimes you're at a place of work. You have responsibility. You have a role, but things of God are far from you. You don't want to tell people about what you believe. You can't even people God bless you. You know, let them know I greet in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. How has the Lord kept you? You see people are getting accidents. You know some people don't know that it's God who protect them. But you yourself you can tell them it's God who kept you at night. It's God who healed you. It's God who saved from this accident. You are drawing their mind to think about Christ. Learn how to appreciate God. And then from there you can start off slowly slowly or somebody can give you a testimony. You know I was coming crashing. Oh I cried Lord help me. We thank God for that. Keep on introducing more and more. No introduce Christ to them. the goodness of the Lord, not just you will find Christianity somewhere else. You are the one to take it to them. You are the one to testify. Tell them about the goodness. Praise the name of Or maybe you are in a tax. Testify. You can talk to the neighbor around you. testify about Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. So each and every one of us, we have a responsibility to testify of our Lord Jesus Christ. What the Lord has done. Praise the name of our Lord. And see that you do it. Pray about it. God guide me. Praise the name of Lord. Now in the message the great commission he says this is known as the great commission. It was the last words that our Lord spoke. And the first time he sent out his disciples in M chapter 10 we find that he gave them a commission to go and heal the sick. cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils. As you've received, freely give. The last commission he give go into the world just continue as they did at the first sick lay hands on the sick and cast out devils. It's a privilege for me, brethren, to stand with men shouldertosh shoulder. And then he says, "I take my position by your side as one who believeth." That the commission is still just as essential as it was when it was given. In this great field that we are in, we find many times that we come with the order of different domination. Note of the scripture. Some of them Christ's commission here was to go into all the world and preach the gospel. Now the gospel doesn't consist of the word only but through the power and manifestation of the Holy Spirit because that the only way it can be done for the signs shall follow would be the word take life. So it would have to be the Holy Spirit that would give life in the word to produce these signs. Praise the name of our Lord. So he's talking about the great commission. It is still ongoing. Praise the name of our Lord. Testifying about the name of God. When you hear this person is sick, you can tell the next person, "Let us pray for that person." You humble yourself and pray for that person. And then sometimes you'll hear a testimony. You remember the prayers you offered the other time, person was healed, then they need to get saved. Or you tell this person, you need to accept the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord. You know, you don't stop at the healing, all the signs and the wonders, the appearances. Tell them about eternal life. Praise the name of that's how the gospel should go on. Like when you're coming to church, there are people can tell you, you can't pray for us good, but you need to be saved. You can tell them you need to receive eternal life yourself also. Praise the name of our Lord. Not just stopping at that. Bring eternal life down to them. Praise the name of our Lord. So Christ commanded us to go out into all the world and preach the gospel. Live the life of the gospel. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to win souls to Christ. And then there's a message I was reading and then brother Brandham was talking about preaching to every creature says in the message five definite identification of the true church. He says how many knows what the gospel is? Not the word. Paul said the gospel come to us not in word only but through the power and manifestation of the Holy Spirit. The gospel is the power of God to make the word act what it say. Preach the gospel all the world. preach the gospel to just the white people or the brown people to every creature. Every creature you believe that means that then he gives a testimony. You know he gives a testimony of a bull. I seen God buff a bull one day. I seen him cause hornness to not to sting. I seen him raise up an opam that had been lying dead all night. The gospel will take effect upon anything that you ask. Amen. Amen. So it is to every creature you know even he says you can say to this mountain you are preaching the gospel be moved from here go there that's gospel you can say to this tree up here go the other direction that's the gospel now if it can affect those things how about your friends how about your colleagues weeks. How about your family? How do you do it? Start by praying for them. Start by praying for them. that one has brought him to me. Lord, he doesn't know you. Pray for them. Intercede for them. Lord, I pray you open his eyes to hear the truth and do the best you can to your family, pray for them, intercede for them. Open their eyes. Lord, may you deliver them. or your colleagues at place of work, start by praying for them and then show them the goodness of the Lord. You don't go to them and start condemning them before you bring them to Christ. Testify to them, the Lord loves you, does this and this and this. Show them the door is still open. Start by praying for them. Testify to them what the Lord has done for you. Invite them to the church. On Sunday we have a service. Can you have time and you come and pray with us? This time we are going to do this and this. Involve them. If you can visit them, pray with their families. you hear they have a problem. Tell them I'm going to pray for you on this issue. What are you doing? You are drawing them closer to God. Praise the name of the Lord. Then he says Jesus said to that tree, cast be you. No man eat from you from hence forth. The gospel was preached to that tree. Every creature preach it to what? Every creature. How about your friends? How about the strangers? Talk to them about Christ. How the Lord loves you. How the Lord has come to save you. Each and every one of us we can testify about the goodness of they cannot listen to me. I am the smallest at the job. There was the smallest person at a job. Praise the name of the Lord. And that was a maid. But she saw the master with leprosy. What did she do? She talked to her mistress. Madam, if master can go to Israel, there is a prophet in Israel who can heal him. But that prophet had never healed anybody. This is what Jesus says that how many lepers were there in the days of Elisha and only one was killed. But God put it upon this girl to testify about him. And when the mistress heard told her husband said that in Israel there's somebody who can heal you. Then the nan went to the king of Syria. The king of Syria wrote to the king of Israel. And then the king of Israel when he wrote the when he read the letter he told said this man wants to start a conflict. Then Elisha heard it and said tell him to come praise the name of and then went with all his maybe group of sias. And when Elisha saw that they were outside, he sent him dip yourself seven times in Jordan. Praise the name of that was the gospel. So you may be the least at your place of work. You may be the least at your home. If really God has revealed himself to you, you can testify about what the Lord has done. Tell them you can bring conversion in your family. God has picked you alone. You can testify as many others can believe one by one, one by one, one by one, one by one. So the thing is don't shut up your mouth. Tell them about the goodness of maybe if they are youth at home and your fellow youth. The girls like going out with boys or the boys like going out to pick girls different from them. Live upright and start praying for your brothers or sisters them. Don't deliver them and testify to them. Don't start condemning them. You will die HIV from there. You'll be there. Talk to them sweetly. I'm praying for you that you may be converted. Praise the name of the Lord. See how you bring souls into Christ. How you can encourage them. Come to the Lord. Come to the waters. Come and drink of the fountain and be compassionate to them. Praise the name of Lord. Maybe they come back from their disco halls at night. In the night open for us, you you'll sleep there and they will they will rape you from there. No, just you'll be arrested from there. Okay. You see, see that you show kindness to them. Say, but you've gone there. It is wrong. Don't do it again. See that you keep on talking to them the goodness of the Lord and when they do evil, don't wish them [Music] evil. is paying for what he did. No, say Lord have mercy upon me. You are preaching to them. They'll say ah there is sweetness here. Praise the name of like now people at home if they start fighting each other you also say you also say that I said this abuse. The Bible says, you know, pay with good. They have done evil to you. Bring goodness there. Be different. Praise the name of our Lord. If you are trying to win them to Christ, let them see that there is something better. They already bound. But you need to see that they can appreciate what you are having. Praise the name of our Lord. So testify to them. Pray for them. Praise the name of our Lord. Now let us go to the book of Acts. Acts chapter 16. And then verse 12. Acts 16:12. The Bible says, "And from then to Philip, which is the chief city of that part of Macedonia, and a colony, and we were in that city abiding certain days, And on the Sabbath day we went out of the city by a riverside where a prayer was to be made. And we sat down and spoke unto the women which resorted hither. He went where people gather. Maybe it's an evening you just retiring from place of work and then you meet some people somewhere. maybe doing something. Talk to them about the Lord. The Lord can save you. The Lord can deliver you. Now here Paul, they went to a place where people would gather for prayers. It was not like maybe it was a church or what. But people were gathering there and they got women there. Praise the name of you know nowadays people want groups so much groups I'm in the group of our neighbors and the meetings for groups happen on Sunday and you say that I will not come to church because they have a group meeting But when that group they don't know that you Christian the one who collects money the one who demands people they don't know that you're Christian about Christ to them you know this year we are getting into campaigns of politics and every political party is looking for new membersign here this year doing programs they're doing showing what they have done and this is our new member and then they move house to house you you you support our party the program is the truth is there are few people who are saved but we shouldn't give up in testifying about the gospel of Jesus and this is what Paul was doing where these women were in some of these places. There are people who sincerely want to hear the truth, but they are in deception wherever they are. They suffer. They punish themselves thinking that that's the truth. You can imagine somebody walking from for something which is not real. Praise the name of the Lord. So there are people who are seeking the truth and we have the truth. We need to reach out where they are. They may be at your place of work coming over there. Testify about the goodness of the Lord. Not that you will stop your work. But you can talk to them one or two words. God can heal you. God can deliver you. You can create a relationship to bring them to Christ. So here Paul and Silas. They were in this place and they went there to these women and spoke to them about the Lord Jesus. Each and every one of us we can do the same. You are in the market. Everybody is moving this way, this way. The person on their store. Then you talk to them about the Lord. Christ loves you. Please be saved. And then the Bible says in verse 14, "And a certain woman named Lydia, a seller of purple of the city of Tira, which worshiped God had us, whose heart the Lord opened, that she attended unto the things which were spoken of Paul. Praise the name of our Lord. The Bible says she worshiped God. She desired God. So now when she heard the preaching, she said, "I'm believing that this is something that I've longed for." And then the Bible says, "God opened our heart and then she fully gave over her life. That's how we shall get the elect. We shall not get the elect by not testifying about the word of God. We shall not get the elect by not going out amongst us, where we work, where we study from, where we live. So it is now you take time and pray to God. Lord, I want you to use me to bring a soul into your kingdom. You're about it. And then you'll find the Lord leading you to the right path. You talk to them. Their hearts are open. No, this Sunday I want to come and be baptized. That was Lydia here. She woripped God, but she didn't know more than what she the region was. Paul speak about the Lord Jesus Christ and God opened her heart. And then the Bible says and she was baptized. Verse 15 and her household. See how the door opened up from one person and then the salvation goes to the whole family. Praise the name of God. We need to be witnesses. Testify. Let your neighbor know what you believe in. Let your colleagues know what you believe in. Praise the name of the Lord. And then she besought us saying, "If I have been judged to be faithful to the Lord, come into my house and abide there." And she constrained us. Amen. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to testify. How many souls have you brought into the kingdom? Praise the name of our Lord. Now in Luke 10 and verse one, after these things the Lord appointed 70 also, and sent them two and two before his face into every city and place, whether he himself would come. Therefore say ye unto them, the harvest truly is great, but the laborers are few. Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest that he would send forth laborers into the harvest. Go your ways. Behold, I send you forth as lambs among wolves. Luke 10 Luke 10 verse 1:3 up to verse three. Praise the name of the Lord. He says the harvest is plenteous, but the laborers are few. You are one of the laborers. Praise the name of our Lord. Go into the harvest of the Lord. The people God has ordained to eternally talk to them about the word of the Lord. Talk to them about salvation. How the Lord loves them. And many of these people said they are saved. Many people said they are saved, but they are not yet saved because the Bible says he that believeth and is baptized shall be saved. So you have somewhere where to start from. Take them to the book of Mark. We can pick up those scriptures as I try to finish. Praise the name of our Lord. Mark chapter 16. And then verse 16, the Bible says, "He that believeth and is baptized shall be saved." You can start from there testifying to your Pentecostal friends for Jesus Christ to be my savior. When were you baptized? when I was still young. Take them in the scriptures. Baptism for little children. Challenge them. Praise the name of the Lord. For the Bible says, he that believeth and is baptized, not he that is baptized and believeth. Oh, show them these things. Tell them it was wrong. It's not in the Bible. Show them where these scripture. You first believe then you are baptized and then you are saved. Somebody will be challenged. Now what do you mean? You mean baptizing little children is wrong. Yes, it is wrong. And then others were baptizing the titles father, son and holy. Tell them father is not a name. Holy Ghost is not a name. There's only one name of the father, the son, and the holy ghost. And that is the Lord Jesus Christ. Testify. You know, you you have people who would want to go into the Bible. Use the Bible to win them to Christ. Praise the name of you see that's how started his ministry with people of like mind. They were reading the scrolls of Moses. So he would also use the same scrolls to show them Christ. They read the Bible, use the same Bible to show them we have a message of the earth. Praise the name of our Lord. You must know what you believe. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in Luke chapter 24 and then verse 47, he says, "And that repentance and remission of sins should be preached in every in his name among all nations beginning at Jerusalem. He says repentance and remission of sins. Somebody may have repented, but the question is, have your sins been remitted? You can challenge them on this. Somebody say, "Hey, you mean I can repent and I'm not forgiven?" Yes. The Bible says repentance and remission then you can take them to Acts chapter 2 verse 38 repent every one of you and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins and tell them much as you accept the Lord as your personal such as you've repented you need to be baptized in the water in the name of Jesus. You are testifying. You are opening the door to them and don't be shy. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, you can have your your your Bible on the mobile phone and you know where to pick the scriptures and then you can talk to them about the scripture. That's what Paul was doing. He would use their very books show them where the stand is right now. Praise the name of our God. And then you know people don't know exactly what they believe but God has appointed you to teach them to testify to them of what the truth is. Praise the name of our Lord. Now just as we finish let us go to the book of Romans chapter 10. Praise the name of our Lord. Romans chapter 10. And then we start from verse 11. Start from verse 10. It says, "For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness, and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. For the scripture says, "Whosoever believeth on him shall not be ashamed. For there is no difference between the Jew and the Greek. For the same Lord over all is reached unto all that call upon him. For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved. And then he asks a question. How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed? And how shall they believe in whom they have not heard? And how shall they hear without a preacher? So God has appointed you at your place of work to tell them about the gospel of Christ. How will they believe if they have not heard? Praise the name of our Lord. So one has to go and testify. We have we have the message of the hour. God has given us a message praying for the bride of Christ. Every one of us. We have a responsibility. Praise the name of our Lord. And then in Mark chapter 24 and then verse 14, the Bible says, "And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached into all the world for witness unto all nations, and then shall the end come." Praise the name of our Lord. He says this gospel, which gospel, this end time gospel, this message of the hour shall be preached in all the world. Praise the name of our Lord and God has opened your heart to it. May your mouth also open to testify about it. talking to the friends, talking to your neighbors, talking to your colleagues, talking to the strangers about the message of the hour. Praise the name of let us take interest in the things of God. See that you have these things with you. Praise the name of And God willing, next Sunday, I believe we shall try to print out as many tracks on water baptism about the timeline of the prophet, brother, the things God did we have both in English and in Uganda such that each of us can pick a copy of those things. and read them so that it's not difficult for you to testify about what you believe. You know what water baptism? You know the message we have. You can tell somebody and testify. You pray to God to guide you to help you that you can bring a soul into Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. No, brother Brandham says if you have not won any soul to Christ, you are barren. [Music] But there's a way to produce, get the life of Christ in you and then you'll produce. You bring a soul to the kingdom. May God bless you so much. Amen. Amen. Let us sing that song. The Lord of harvest. Oh, whom shall I send? Praise the name of our Lord. Speak my Lord. Speak my Let us stand up. Comes. We have only one service today. Remember to send your contributions for the meetings to brother. Praise the name of our Lord. Speak my lord. Speak my lord. Amen. Amen. Speak my lord. Speak my lord. 92. Speak and I will make to answer thee. Speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. [Music] Speak and I will ask. Lord, save me. Speak my word again. Oh, speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. Speak and I'll be quick to answer thee. [Music] Speak my Lord. to him my Lord. Speak and I'll be with the Lord. send [Music] me when the call of fire touch the [Music] prophets, making him as pure as pure can be. [Music] When the voice of God said, "Oh, go for us." Then he answered [Music] me, "Speak my Lord. Speak my [Music] Lord. Speak and I'll be quick to answer thee. Speak my Lord. Speak my Lord. Speak and I will send [Music] me. Then go through all the streets and by ways. Preach the word to the men of few. to every fall and brother and sister. There is honey in the road for you. There is honey. There is honey in the road. My brother, sisters, there is honey for you and me. Oh, in your sins, for the blood to cover. There is honey in the road for you. [Music] last. Then go out through the stream and by [Music] way the word to the men of you. [Music] Now said to every fallen brother and sister there is honey for you. Oh there is honey there is honey in the ro my brother. Oh, there is nothing for you and me. So, forive your sins for the night to come. Oh, there is honey for you. There is honey. There is honey in the road. My brother, where there is honey in the ro for you and me your sins for the blood to cover. For there is highly ro for you. When the savior When the savior calls, I will answer. When he calls for my name, I will hear. Oh, when the Savior calls, I will answer. I'll be somewhere. Only listening for my name. I'll be somewhere. I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere. only listening I'll be somewhere listening for my name my name I'll be somewhere only listening I'll be somewhere listening I'll be somewhere oh listening for my name I'll be somewhere I'll be somewhere listening. I'll be somewhere in his word. I'll be somewhere only listening for my name. The heavenly home in God's word listening his word listening only listening for my name. We thank you Jesus for this good afternoon father. We thank you Lord for passing on our way. Heavenly Father, loving Jesus, you're the God of order, the God of solution, that loving father, when we feel like we are becoming reluctant, Lord, when we are relaxing, Father, you come forth loving Jesus and awaken us. Heavenly Father, Lord, we are meant to go out through the streets and byways. Father preach the word that many and the few. Heavenly Father we have testifying Jesus to everyone we meet. Lord and talk about the goodness of the Lord. Talk about this message Yahwa telling them how the Lord sent as a prophet in this end time. Loving Jesus this day. He father Lord after you speaking to us heaven God we claim for more the boldness he father move your inspiration heaven move thy courage heavenly father like never before loving Jesus that we should go forth he father and spread the gospel lord preach every good heaven father the loving Jesus we are praying for your guidance heaven father your protection heaven lord We must heaven father with what takes heaven all for us heavenly father to take forth this message this gospel father of the kingdom lord Jesus bound heaven father heaven lord in Jesus's mighty name heaven father I pray love Jesus for the spirit of wisdom heavenly father when we leave those people Jesus who try to twist these scriptures lord the loving father By thy wisdom you give us the grace, heavenly father, to know their wives, father, and bring them in time, heavenly father, grant it, heaven, lord, in Jesus's mighty name we pray. Jesus, when we step in your presence, father, Lord, we know that we have to give accountability, father. In this life we have to give the accountability very father how we spent hours Lord we are stewards whole in this life even this life is not ours lord this life is not mine I don't live on my own father to you Lord I belong in Jesus I'll give accountability heaven father how I spent it Lord love me Jesus where we've been going astray We have been wrong heavenly father and wasting time in fearing things Lord we pray for thy forgiveness Lord and pray that heavenly father give us more to start a new chapter in Jesus's mighty Lord precious father all to you we surrender stand with us father in this new walk father listening for my name. Heavenly Father, help us Lord Jesus not to be buried Lord not to have that spiritual barness Father but to be found Lord Jesus as fruitful that we should produce and multiply Father in the kingdom. Grant it heavenly father stand with us every morning we thank you for this gracious lord keep us true heavenly father let's be faithful master we need you Lord we need you Jesus we bless your name we magnify your name we thank you father We thank you Jesus. Have mercy upon us. Heavenly Father, have mercy upon us. Lord Jesus, stand with us. Heavenly Master, in this new world, grant it heavenly father. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. Keep me true. Keep me true. Lord Jesus, keep me to tr. Oh, there is a race that I must run. And there are victories to be won. Give me power every hour to be true. Lord, keep me true. Keep me true. Lord Jesus, keep me true. Oh, keep me true. Oh Jesus gave me truth. Oh there the rest that I must run and they are souls that to be worn. Lord give me power every hour to me. Oh, keep me true. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. Oh, keep me true. My Lord Jesus, keep me true. There is a rest. There is a rest that I must there are souls that are to be worn. Lord give me path every hour to me. Oh guide my path. Guide my path. Oh Jesus guide my path. path. Oh, guide my path. Oh Jesus, guide my path. Oh, there is a race that I must run. And there are souls I have to win. Oh, give me power every hour to be true. Still in the mode of prayer. I request brother Wilson to come and give us a closing prayer. Amen. Amen. Precious heavenly father, we are so grateful for the grace you've showed to us. Father, today you've lord showed us of glory that we have to fulfill the great commission that you gave unto the disciples, Lord. And father, it's the desire of every Christian to win souls unto Christ. How we pray, Father, Lord, you may give us grace. You also give us Lord the thirst and ability Father oh God to spread the gospel to the people that we live in Lord and Lord those that Father we work with to our neighbors to those in the streets and the byways. Give us special grace oh God and we thank you Lord Father for the word. We thank you for the pastor Lord that has preaching of glory. I pray that Lord you may grant him special grace to continue father in the ministry to guide us Lord in the path that Lord you've chosen for us. We also father want to remember Lord Pastor Eval of glory. We pray heavenly father that Lord God you may continue touching him oh father and Lord God grant him Lord complete the health king of glory that once again he may get back Lord Jehovah to the ministry Lord of the word. Lord I pray for everybody Lord has gathered here today. May you bless each one of them Lord God and bless their hearts father and grant all their hearts desires even Lord God as we leave this place father Lord go to our different places of abort. I pray that king of glory you may go with us father. May the angel of the lord go with us father. Oh God those that are going to use public minister I pray heavenly father that lord god you may go with them that lord they may be able to spread influence even the places lord they are going to go farther. Even those that are going to work that are living nearby, Father, I pray that the angel of the Lord may comfort them, Lord, and guide them, Father, and protect them from any kind of accident. Talking of glory, that even Lord God, as we wait out there, we may, Father, have again the ability to come back on Wednesday for the services of the Lord. We love you, Lord, and we thank you. We give you glory, praise, and honor in the most precious name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Yeah. God bless you. We have come to the end of the service. We meet on Wednesday and Saturday willing. Amen. [Music] Amen. Hallelujah. Salman [Music] [Music] My god. [Music] My son is your mama. [Music] Come [Applause] on. I see my mama. Yeah. Money might [Music] Yeah. Hallelujah. Sal. Yes. One [Music] bunnies. Woo! [Music] Yes. You where?
