################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-11-06 - The Seal Of God         Pastor Katumba James           11.06.2025 - Katumba James.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-11-06
Title:   The Seal Of God    |     Pastor Katumba James       |    11.06.2025
Speaker: Katumba James
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_gg9aiha0A
========================================

Hallelujah. [Music] We give ourself away that he may use us. Okay, get on our feet. We sing that song. He abides. You get on our feet. And we sing that song, He Abides. [Music] He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with Oh, he abides. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comforter by I'm rejoicing night and day. Oh, I'm rejoicing night and day. As I walk the pilgrim way for the hand of God in all my life I see and the reason of my bliss. Yes, the secret all is this that the comforter abides with me. He abides. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing. I'm rejoicing night and day. As I walk the narrow way, for the comforter abides me. Once my heart was full of sin. Once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within I had now Jesus died upon the tree. [Music] Then I fell down at his feet and there came a peace so sweet. Now the comforter abides with me abides abide [Music] with me. I'm rejoicing. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter guide, he is with us everywhere. He is with me everywhere. And he knows my every care. I'm as happy as a bird and just as free. For the spirit has control. Jesus satisfies my soul. Since the comforter abides with me, he abides. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing. Come rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comfort wings. There is no thirsting. There's no thirsting for the things of the world. I've taken wings. Long ago I gave them upantly. All my night was turned to death. All my violence all the way. Comfort abides with me. He abides. He abides. He abides. He abides. [Music] Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comforter abide. Amen. So, so glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad your mercy has followed me. So glad you found me and set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad your mercy has followed me. So glad you found me and set me free. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad I'm yours. So glad you mercy [Music] has followed me. So glad you found me and set me free. [Music] So glad I'm yours, Lord. So glad [Music] Love [Music] you. [Music] Oh, where are you? [Music] for [Music] where I see [Music] Let's start to speak to the Lord. Dear Lord Jesus Christ, we thank you, Father, for the grace you've given us, Lord. The mercies, Lord, you always pour to us, Lord, to come, Lord Jesus, in your presence, Lord. Father, Lord God, as you said, where two or three are gathered in your name, you'll come in their midst, Lord, to help them, Lord Jesus, to set free, Father, those who are bound and to, Father, Lord Jesus, preach the acceptable, Father, Lord, of Jubilee, Lord. Lord Jesus Christ, your children, Father, rejoice because of the indwelling of the spirit of God. Your children, Lord, have the merries, Father, on their hearts, Lord, because you've given them the word. Their eyes have been enlightened, Lord Jesus. And their faith, Lord, has been quickened, Lord has been blessed, Father, on a higher ground, Lord, where denominational knowledge, Father, cannot reach, Lord Jesus. Neither father Lord Jesus the L the knowledge we acquire on this world cannot father change our mind Lord as it is written let this mind be in you father Lord Jesus what was the mind the mind was to know that Christ liveth in us Lord and his preeminence father is taking control Lord Jesus Lord God we commit father the entire services and your hands Lord and we commit father your children Lord who have come who have traveled long way who have left father their work to come and gather together Lord who have Lord Jesus Christ maybe had father programs Lord but they have forsaken oh Lord God and they have come before you Lord Jesus and Lord your servant Lord who is ready to speak to the purchase of a blood may you sanctify his voice Lord and may you sanctify his vessel Lord as is as he's called a carrier of the word may the Lord of god host may the clean spirit of God use him Lord God to scatter seeds of life, Lord, to pour, you know, waters of life, Lord, a living water, Lord, that your children, Lord, may wash, Lord, that your children, Father, may be clean as he sprinkle clean water upon us, Lord, upon our souls. Let that clean water, Lord Jesus. Sanctify that sin of unbelief, Lord, amidst us, Lord. Oh Jesus Christ, there are some Lord who are still on the way Lord Jesus trying to come in time father to hear the word to hear that says the Lord as you gather as Moses used to sound the trumpets Lord gather the children of Israel Lord to hear what the Lord has has gotten farther to say Lord now we've come Lord the same way Lord to know to hear what the Lord has father to Say to us, Lord, Lord Jesus Christ, in the spirit of Father, let Lord Jesus nameus [Music] Lord Jesus Christ and believe this [Music] Lord, neglection, Lord Jesus. May you forgive us, Lord. for our shortcomings and allow it our father and Christ. Oh Lord Jesus, father and you are the glory. If this Lord Jesus like Peter one time he looked at the Lord Jesus Christ by the man support the word of Father [Music] And we say Jesus our Jesus may give us grace to stand Jesus presally from the things of the Lord Jesus that the light of Christ may be seen in us. We thank you Jesus. We magnify your name. Let us walk father Lord as as sons of light Lord Jesus Christ. Not walking in craftiness or darkness Lord but we walk in the light of God. We thank you Lord. We give you glory and honor in the mighty name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Lord we pray. Hallelujah. All ye saints of light proclaim Jesus the light of the world. [Music] Life and mercy in his grace. Jesus the light of the world. We walk in the light. Beautiful light, come where the te drops of mercy are bright. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. [Music] Here the savior's son is called. Jesus the light of the world. Send the goel truth to all Jesus light of the world. We walk in the light. Beautiful light come where the te drops of mercy are bright shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light all the world. Why not seek him then to Jesus the light of the world. Go with truth the ner. Jesus the light of the world. We walk in the light. Beautiful light come where the new drops of mercy are bright. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. Amen. See as your king Jesus the light of the world. Then the bells of heaven will ring. Jesus the light of the world. We walk in the light. Beautiful light. Somewhere that you must see the brownness by day and night. Jesus the light of the world. [Music] I want us to sing song number 39. Praise the name of our Lord. We want to talk about the seal of God. Amen. And we just want to use this song. I have lost my reation [Music] since I th my back on sea. And the Lord told friends when [Music] since I am my savior king. How they pass by when they once pass with us. Now they say I am very foolish. And they say I am out of town. I am [Music] as now wherever I go. I am sealed. Seal. Seal. I am sealed by his spirit divine. All glory to God. Halleluah. Amen. I have peace and I know is my own. Well, they say my life is wrong and my tent thrown the away [Music] and they can not understand it. for I have silence one day. that I know I s that when I promise that I'll go through and I get far more glory says God of Oh hallelu I am my I am now wherever go I am a my just what I am. Everyone seems to know and I'm see I am s sealed. [Music] I am sealed by his spirit divine. [Music] All glory to God. Hallelu. Amen. I am peace and I know his. Amen. Are you marked tonight? Praise the name of the Lord. What a good confession. Let us pray. Father, we thank you for this evening. We give praise and honor to your name. Know that we are yours, Lord. We are the ones who have been redeemed of the Lord by the blood of Jesus Christ. And how you assured us, Father, that nobody can block us out of your hands. And now you assured us father that none of us will be lost. How we thank the heavenly father for the seal of the holy spirit that is real in our lives. We give praise and honor to you. We commit ourselves this evening into your hands. Praying that you may come and speak to us, Father, the words of eternal life and encourage us, Lord. Strengthen us, Father. Give us more faith and grace to run the rest that still lays ahead of us. May you fill every one of us dear Lord with your holy spirit Lord and more and more of the Lord more of you coming in us father for we desire you Lord Jesus heal the sick mid heavenly deliver the captives heavenly meet all the needs of your children thy own we love you Lord and we thank you Lord in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. Let us go to Ephesians chapter one. We're reading from verse 12 to verse 14. The Bible says that we should be to the praise of his glory, who first trusted in Christ, in whom ye also trusted. After that you had the word of truth, the gospel of your salvation, in whom also after that you believed, you were sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise, which is the earnest of our inheritance until the redemption of the purchased possession unto the praise of his glory. Amen. So I want to preach on the seal of the Holy Spirit. You know the seal itself is the Holy Spirit. Praise the name of our Lord. So he says, you know when you read in the scriptures in from verse 12 says we trusted in Christ. You know when you hear the gospel of your salvation the first day that you heard you know God telling you you need to be saved you need to be born again accept the Lord Jesus as your personal savior. So then the scripture says, "I trusted in Christ, praise the name of our Lord, accepted him." You know, just like a young man trying to espouse a young woman, you know, the woman has to put have trust in that man. If she doesn't trust, she will not accept any further relationship because now you can set us have a date somewhere then if the girl if he doesn't trust that person will give all kind of excuses. I'm very busy. you know my parents cannot allow me to get there or I'm not feeling well. You know there are many excuses just like the Bible talks about a man who had prepared a wedding supper and then when he invited people they went to one person the other person said you know I've just bought a cow I need to go and try this bull. How does it perform? So the issue of going to the wedding was not relevant to him. And then another when they went to him, I've just married a wife. You know very well. I need to go and cherish my wife. You know, I need to make my wife happy, spend some time with her, you know, make her, you know, feel good. So, I have no time for you. And then another people kept on giving excuses and so now even when we hear the gospel of Jesus Christ, what is your reaction to the gospel of Jesus Christ? When you heard the message of the hour, what is your response to it? Did you kind of take interest or let me find out what this thing is talking about? What is this message all talking about? Like on the day of Pentecost, these devote Jews had come from different countries and then they were assembled at Jerusalem and then they it was early in the morning and then they heard it was noised abroad people glorifying God in their languages where they coming from. So let us find out what is this thing? what is going on here? And then now they were wondering all these are Galians, are they drunk? And then when they were keeping on asking themselves, wondering what was going on, Peter started preaching to them the gospel, identifying what is happening, what is written in the scriptures. Praise the name of our Lord for getting their attention. And now when he told them, let the house of Israel surely know that this Jesus who was crucified as God made both Lord and Christ. And then he said there's no salvation outside of any. So now they were hearing the word of truth. Praise the name of our Lord, the gospel of our salvation. And so now when they heard the word of truth, the gospel of salvation, the Bible says, they believe that gospel. Even us when we had the word of God, we believe the word of God. We put trust in the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. And then the Bible says when we get to Ephesians chapter 1 verse 13, in whom he also trusted after that you had the word of truth, which is the gospel of your salvation. In whom also after that you believed, You were sealed with the Holy Spirit of promise. You see how he brings it here. You heard the gospel of your salvation. And then you trusted that gospel. So you believed. If you didn't trust it, you wouldn't believe it. In other words, you accepted it. You said this is mine. This is my portion. You believed. And now in believing, praise the name of the Lord. There is justification. There is sanctification. Now in believing you have to demonstrate that I have believed like in the day of Pentecost they heard the gospel of their salvation. Then they asked the question men and brethren what shall we do? Then Peter told them repent every one of you and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. for the remission of your sins and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Spirit. So now that still remains it has never changed. Praise the name of our Lord. It still remains up to now. And that is the formula of the being sealed with the Holy Spirit. hear the gospel. Repent of your sins, believe it. You know, confess it. Be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. Then God himself will fill with the Holy Ghost. And now you can never fill yourself with the Holy Spirit. It doesn't matter what you think. I I want it so much. It's a sovereign act of God himself. John told them, I can only baptize you in the water. And any minister can baptize you in the water. Come to the baptism of the Holy Spirit. He's completely sovereign. God himself does it. So now if you have accepted the Lord Jesus as your personal savior and then you have repented of your sins and you have gone into water baptism in the name of Jesus Christ. Then you say, "Lord, I've done what you wanted me to do. Praise the name of our Lord. I've done as I've been told. So Lord, I'm here. I need your Holy Spirit. The seal of the Holy Ghost to come down in my life. Praise the name of our Lord. Just like a woman who has been who is being talked to about. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, somebody came and started telling you, "Oh, you look so good." They took your attention. So now every time you're following the man's program, And it is the man himself to w you not you to the man. The responsibility comes back to him to see that he concludes the transaction. Praise the name of the Lord. That's the same thing we need to do with God. Say Lord, you have promised me this. Lord, you promised me this. Lord, here I am. I'm ready to receive what you've promised. Praise the name of our Lord. Like when Ruth went and told, you know, went and told Boaz you are a near kinsman. The Bible says Boaz could not rest until he made sure the issue of Ruth is settled out. And that's the desire of God for all our lives. He shed his blood. And you know it is God who sent the minister to us to preach to us the gospel of salvation. And your responsibility is to accept it is to obey it and then God fulfills his portion. Praise the name of our Lord. God is so faithful. Praise the name of our Lord. Brother says in one message that God desires so much to fill us with the Holy Spirit. That's God's desire. That's why the Holy Ghost was given because God knows that on our own we can't overcome without the Holy Spirit otherwise it will be too heavy for you. It will be hard for you. You will give up along the way because we are kind of by nature in the past. So it's only the spirit of God that comes down in our hearts to make us desire the things of God. Praise the name of our Lord. There is some scripture I want us to pick up in Romans 5:5. The Bible says, "And hope maketh not ashamed because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us. So he says the Holy Spirit that has been given to us you know brings that love of God. So your desire for God, the Holy Ghost himself, introducing that thirst in your heart for God. Praise the name of our Lord. God creates the thirst in you. God creates that thirst in you and then you desire more of God. You have the love of God. You have the love for the things of God. You have the love to say that no this time is to read the word of God. This time is for me to seek the face of the Lord. The Holy Spirit that creates that kind of thirst in us. Praise the name of our Lord. Jesus says, "You didn't seek me. You didn't choose me. But I chose you. Praise the name of our Lord. So you see, salvation is the way of the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. From the beginning to the end. So what do you do? You yield yourself to God and say, "Lord, here I am. I surrender myself to you. I'm seeking your face. I'm depending upon you. I believe your promises in the name of the Lord. It's the Holy Ghost that puts the love of God in our hearts. We desire more of God. Praise the name of our Lord. We desire more of God. You know that God is born in your life. God is formed in your life. Praise the name of our Lord. So that when the Holy Ghost comes down, he makes you to start hating the things of the world. You despise the things which to other people they are okay. Praise the name of our Lord. in the in the book of first John chapter 2. First John chapter 2 and then verse 15 to verse 17 he says love not the world neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world the love of the father is not in him. Praise the name of the Lord says love not the world you know the order of the world the system of the world like now you know you move everywhere it's a political time this one is poster this one is poster or if maybe others are putting a rally you know but your love is not in those things because it is you are dead to those kind of things. So he says love not the world neither the things that are in the world. If any man love the world, the love of the father is not in him. Praise the name of the Lord. So you see now in Romans 5:5, he says the Holy Spirit has put the love of God in our hearts. When we have the love of God in us, we hate the things of the world. Praise the name of our Lord. You can't take the things of the world in exchange for the things of God, the things of God will matter a lot to you. So in verse 16 he says, "For all that is in the world, the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, and the pride of life, is not of the father, but is of the world. Praise the name of our Lord. The last of the flesh. You know the flesh lusts after this. The flesh lusts after this things which are contrary to the word. If the love of God is there, you not go after the fashions of the world, you know, you're not going to do things the way the people of the world do things. Then he says the lust of the eyes, you know, like you know, everything which is attractive, you desire it. You just put that aside. Then the pride of life you know to show you are so famous, you are a great person, all those kind of games and things like that. Let me know about me everywhere. You are dead to those kind of things. What matters most is Christ being born in you. Praise the name of our Lord. The world passes away and the last day are off. But he that does the will of God abideth forever. Praise the name of our Lord. So now when God puts his love in you, the love of other things becomes dead. In other words, you mortify your flesh. Let us go to Romans chapter 8. Praise the name of our Lord. And then in verse 13, he says, "For if you live after the flesh, you shall die. But if ye through the spirit do modify the deeds of the body, you shall live. So you mortify the deeds of the body, the love of the world, the pride of life, the pride, the the lust of the flesh, the lust of the eye. You mortify them. You die to them. Praise the name of the Lord that you can live to God. And this should be our desire all the time. A life that we live should be a life that is devoted to God, consecrated, given into God. The things of God matter to us more than the rest of the things of the world. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in Romans 12 and verse one, the scripture says, "I beseech you therefore, brethren, by the mercies of God, that you present your bodies a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God, which is your reasonable service, and be not conformed to the world, but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that you may prove what is that good and acceptable and perfect will of God. So, praise the name of the Lord. Make your body a living sacrifice. In other words, you are allowing the Holy Spirit to take charge over your body. You are not being conformed to this world, but you are being transformed by the renewing of your mind. Praise the name of Lord. Now in the message the 10 virgins and 144,000 Jews he says now I want for the squeezing down part before we leave in the next few minutes. The seal of God is the Holy Spirit. all know that the seal of God is the Holy Spirit. Then he says in first he says you'll find that they all had the seal in their forehead. They had the seal in their forehead. In 1 Corinthians chapter 1 verse 22 verse 22 whereby he has sealed us by his holy spirit just read just respond whereby he has sealed us by his holy spirit until the day 4:30 Bre not the Holy Spirit. That's that angel that come forth sealing upon their forehead. Now that doesn't mean he takes and puts a spot up here in your forehead. That doesn't mean he takes and puts a spot up here up there. Your forehead is your revelation. See, and your hand is the thing you do about it. See, it is a spiritual mark. He don't take a big stamp and stamp you like that. Now what I wanted here is saying that the mark in the forehead the seal in the forehead you know we can pick that in revelations chapter 7 and then we read in verse two and verse four verse three and verse four he says saying heart not the earth neither the sea nor the trees till we have sealed the servants of our God in their foreheads. And I had the number of them which were sealed, and they were sealed 144,000 of all the tribes of the children of Israel. Now he said he put the seal in their foreheads. Praise the name of God. And brother Brennham says the seal of God is the Holy Spirit. And then the forehead [Music] is the revelation. Now when you go to Revelations chapter 13 and then he says they put the mark of the beast in their forehead and even in their right hand. Now in Revelation 13, the mark of the beast in the forehead is to accept their false doctrine. The mark of the beast in the right hand is to give them the right hand of fellowship like their doctrine of trinity. the doctrine of trinity. You know you are taking the mark of the beast. Now you may not accept their doctrine but you accept to fellowship with them. Praise the name of the Lord. Taking the mark in the right hand. Praise the name of our Lord. But then here when it comes to the seal of God in the forehead, he says it's the revelation, you know, the revelation of who Christ is. Like brother Brham says new birth is a revelation. God revealing himself to you. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message elai he says now okay he says how many knows that God's word says the seal of God is the Holy Ghost. Now then, what is the mark of the beast? Is to reject the Holy Ghost. The mark of apostasy. Remember in the old days when the trumpet, the jubile come, And it trump the trumpet sound it every slave had a right to go free but if he didn't choose to go free taken to the temple and they took an all and b a hole in his ear and he was marked out for the rest of his days. And what is it here? When God calls you to receive the Holy Ghost and you refuse it, then God marks your ear to where you never want to try it anymore. Then that's the mark of apostasy. And in the Bible it said these last days that there would be two classes of people. One with the mark of God, the seal of God and the other the mark of the beast. Praise the name of our Lord. Now you see one has to make a choice. When you accept the gospel go on till you are sealed with the Holy Spirit. Let your life be changed. Don't stop halfway. Don't stop I'm saved. And you don't want to go into water baptism because there are so many people who are like that. how I'm saved. I go to the saved church, the church of saved people. Many people that kind of thing, their lives are not changed. You want to hear the word of God to the word of God. But when you hear the gospel, allow the gospel to fully transform you. And if you are saying you are saved, mean that you are saved. I will no longer go to the nightclubs. I will no longer go to those drinking points. I no longer go to gambling places, standing in sports betting the whole day or the whole which one is winning. You turn your back to those kind of things. I will no longer go to this kind of things which are evil. So now you have heard the gospel and you are accepting the what the gospel is telling you and now when you obey the gospel fully. Praise the name of the Lord. When God seals you, the condition of being filled with the Holy Spirit is obedience to the word of God. You've heard the word. Obey the word to its fullness. Walk all the way. Don't stop halfway. Let us get that in Acts chapter 5. And then we read in verse 32, he says, "And we are his witnesses of these things, and so is also the Holy Ghost whom God has given to them that obey him." Praise the name of our Lord. Obey the word. Praise the name of our Lord. And when you come to Christ, don't come with conditions of your former religion. You know when in this kind of religion this is how we need to do it and you won't continue with the same. You will be that person rejecting the year of Jubilee trumpet. Let us read that in Acts in Exodus chapter 21 from verse two. Exodus chapter 21 from verse to verse 6 said if you buy a Hebrew servant six years he shall serve and in the seventh he shall go out free for nothing because there was a a trumpet sounding. You are free. You are free. But now if himself he shall and then he says if he came by himself shall go out by himself. Now in verse six, okay, we can pick it from verse seven rather from verse five. And if the servant shall plainly say, I love my master, I love my wife and my children, I will not go out free. Now that's where the challenge is because here when you read in the verse three and four, you get a servant and then he comes and to serve you. And then you marry for him a wife. And then he produces children. And the year of Jubilee comes and then you tell and the trumpet says you are free. And now for him he sees. How will I live my wife? How will I live my children? Because the condition was if you married for him, if you gave him the wife, the the woman remains with you. And if you produce children by the woman you gave him, even the children remain with you. Then he says, "No, no, no, no. I'm not leaving my wife and my children." Then the scripture says in verse six, "Then his master shall bring him unto the judges, He shall also bring him to the door unto the doorpost. And his master shall bow his ear through with an all and he shall serve him forever. Praise the name of our Lord. You look at that. So there are some people who have gotten the things of this world until they can't let those things of the world leave them. It can be social status. How will I leave this place and I go to the Christians? No. So he's bound by something, you know. How can I leave my my kind of wealth I have made and then go to a poor church or people with poor so poor stricken poverty like the rich young ruler. He knew he needed eternal life and he went to eternal life and eternal life told him. If you're going to do better, sell what you have. He was not telling him get shares and dividends. He says, "Sell what you have and give to not your rich friends that you'll go back and ask them. Give to the poor." So you were not going to demand them. The man was married to his wealth. So he had his ear b. No more desire for the things of God. And that's what sometimes the devil gets a hold of people. Somebody can take a journey like they left Egypt and then they went into the wilderness. But while they were in the wilderness, they wanted to go back to Egypt. The journey to the promised land was hard for them. They even made themselves armies to fight and go back to the land of Egypt. So now even us now we shouldn't allow the things of this life to draw us back to prevent us from moving forward. Praise the name of our Lord. Don't allow those things to make you completely dead to the gospel of Jesus Christ until you despise the word of God. You despise fellowship, you despise reading the Bible, you despise reading the message book. All those are spirits of drawing one back. Praise the name of our Lord. So when we hear the gospel, we are meant to obey the gospel and allow the work of God to be completed in our lives. Praise the name of our Lord in the message the seal of God. Brother Brandham says the seal is a finished work. God has completed his work in that person. Praise the name of the Lord. He says it is a finished God himself has worked upon that person and so he seals him. Praise the name of our Lord. He gives him the seal. his seal. So a seal signifies a finished work and then a seal signifies ownership and a seal signifies security. Praise the name of our Lord. So now when a seal is given to a person, it shows it is a finished transaction. Praise the name of our Lord. And then it shows that you belong to God. And then it shows you are secure. Ephesians 4:30 the Holy Spirit of God. Praise the name of our Lord. We are sealed until the day of redemption. [Music] Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message the bridge between the seven churches and the seven seals he says another thing a seal signifies is ownership. The seal has a mark on it. shows ownership. When you are bought by the blood of Jesus Christ and sealed by the Holy Ghost, you no longer belong to the world or anything pertaining to the world owned by God. And another thing is a seal is security. A seal means you are secured. Now you don't now you don't believe in eternal security. But the seal signifies security to its destination. Wo unto the guy that would try to break that seal and the Holy Spirit seal cannot be broken. Praise the name of our Lord. So you see when he seals us, he shows I've already paid the price. I've paid for your sins. I've given you my righteousness. I've given you my life. Praise the name of our Lord. It shows that we belong to God. We are not of our own. And then shows that we are secure forever more. Praise the name of our Lord. So if we are not sealed, we need to desire to be sealed. Praise the name of our Lord. In the message, the mark of the beast and the seal of God. [Music] He says a mark is a distinction. It makes a difference. separate something. You got one mark against you, but you never said you had one seal against you. A mark. He said, "If you say you got a mark against you, that means there's something wrong about you, but not a seal against you. A seal is a sign of ownership. A mark is a distinction and a church is sealed by the Holy Spirit showing as ownership. God owns the church. But the mark of the beast is where the outcast refuse to take and come God's provided way. Like a good example is when you buy water there is always a seal like a polyin paper and then they say and then they put there where you can tear it. But if the seal is broken then it's not safe. So when you are going to drink the water you tear the seal and then even like now seals are used so much in businesses like when the goods are coming from Mombasa a container they put a seal And it is so simple but it has a record on it and then it can be having a tracking device on it. So if you get along the way and you break it, if you tamper with it, your things may be rejected. So but that is very delicate. So it it has to make sure that this thing is secure until it destination and maybe like even some other example documents we use. If it is an office then they have something like which can inscribe a seal on the paper. And then it shows this is the seal of this and this is the seal of citizen to show that this thing is official and authentic. So even God, he gives us a seal and the seal of God is the Holy Spirit. And the Holy Spirit is God himself. Praise the name of our Lord. He owns us. He owns us. Praise the name of our Lord. And then when he owns us, He manifest himself in our lives. Praise the name of our Lord. The life which you live that shows you are surely of God. You surely belong to God. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us read Galatians chapter 3 and then verse 26. [Music] He says, "For you are all children of God by faith in Jesus Christ." For as many of you as have been baptized into Christ have put on Christ. Galatians 3 27. praise the name of our Lord. He says we have put on Christ. So when we receive Christ as our personal savior, we need to allow him to fill us with his spirit to seal us with his life so that we are no longer our own but we belong to him. Praise the name of the Lord. That should be your desire every day. Fill me with your spirit. And if God has filled you with his spirit, desire more of his spirit in your life, fill me more. Fill me more. Praise the name of our Lord. Like that song that says, "Fill my cup, oh God. Let it run over. Run over. Praise the name of our Lord. Running over in the love of God. Running over in the faith of God. running over in the patience of God. It just keeps on running, running. Praise the name of our Lord. When they ask the Lord Jesus Christ, when they ask the Lord Jesus Christ that if a person trespasses against me, how many times should I forgive him? Say seven times seven times 70. That shows you have the spirit of God. You can forgive and continually forgive. That's the life of Jesus Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. When it comes to love, you don't only love the people love you, but you even love the enemies. That's the life of Jesus Christ. So, you allow that spirit to take charge over your life. and the life itself is manifested. So you can't say I'm filled with the Holy Ghost without the life of Jesus Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. It's the life of Christ himself that comes down, controls your thinking, controls your speech, controls your conduct. It's the life of Jesus Christ. Because the spirit is the spirit of life. How do you say you have the Holy Spirit and you're living contrary to the word of God? You cannot match. Praise the name of the Lord. The seal of God, the spirit of God should be real in our lives. Praise the name of the Lord. So the seal of God signifies ownership. We belong to God. The seal of God signifies a finished work. Our redemption has been done by the Lord. Much as we are waiting for the day of redemption, the soul has been redeemed. The body is not yet redeemed. He has given us the spirit to help a pass in this body in the weaknesses the body brings to you. Then the Holy Ghost comes and gives you strength, comes and helps you to overcome those evil thoughts and evil desires until the Bible says the Holy Spirit helps our infirmities. Praise the name of our Lord. And the Holy Spirit, the seal signifies security. So you're not afraid. I don't know whether I'm going to hell or to heaven. You know where you belong. You know where you're going because you are sealed until the day of redemption, until the change of these bodies. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to desire to be sealed by God. Praise the name of our Lord. So everyone knows that you don't have the seal of God. The seal of God is freely available. Praise the name of our Lord. He has freely given it to us. Just dedicate yourself. Commit yourself to the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. and have faith that Lord surely I need you. I need your spirit. Fill me with your spirit Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. May God bless you. I don't know if we can get that song. How easily can we get it? Fill my cup, oh Lord. Okay, it is not possible. Let us sing song 28. Okay, if you can broadcast it. Okay. Can you start it for us? Feel my I lift it up. [Music] Come unquench the soundings of my soul. Great heaven. Feed me till I want no more. Fill my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Fill my cup. Fill my cup, Lord. [Music] I lift it up, Lord. [Music] Come and quench this casting of my soul. [Music] Bread of heaven. Feed me till I walk no more. Feel my cup, fill it down, and make me. Amen. Let us sing Psalm 28. Praise the name of our Lord. Let me walk blessed Lord in the way has gone. leading strength to the land, [Music] giving cheer everywhere to the side and the Lord. Fill my way every day with your love. Fill my way. Fill my way every day with your love. As I walk with that heavenly lead down, [Music] let me go all the way with a soul. And as my hopefilled by way every day with love, oh keep me close to the side of my savior guide. Oh, let me never in darkness ro. Keep my path, oh, free from wrath and my soul are despised. Fill my way every day, Lord, with your love. Fill my way Lord. Fill my will every day Lord with glallelujah as I heavenly. Let me go all the way with a soul and does my Lord fill my way every day with cloud. And now soon the race will be over and I'll try for no more. Oh, but abide with my home. I bow. Let me sing. Blessed all the way to the shore. Fail my way every day. me thou oh fill my way fill my way every day with love as I walk with that heavenly doubt [Applause] let me go all the with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Fill my way, Lord. Fill me every day with your love. As I walk with that heaven laid down, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day with love. Amen. Praise the name of our Lord. That's our desire. Amen. Let us sing Psalm 136 as we go to pray. 136. The alltime power. That's our desire. Amen. Oh. Oh, sorry. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh Lord, send a power just now. Oh Lord, send a power just now and baptize everyone. Send up power now. Oh Lord, send power now, oh Lord. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, send the power just now and baptize everyone. They were in the upper chamber now. They were in an upper chamber. They were all with one when the Holy Ghost descended as was promised by our Lord. Send the power now. Oh Lord, send the power now. Oh God, oh Lord, send power just. Halleluah. Oh Lord, send just now and baptize everyone. Yes, this power from heaven descended with the sound of rushing wind. TS of fire came down upon them as the Lord said he would sing. Send the power now [Music] Lord. Halleluah. Oh Lord, send a power just now. Halleluah. Oh Lord, send a power just now and baptize everyone. Yes. This all time power was gi to our fathers who were true. This is promise to be liver and we all may have it. Send the power now. Oh Lord, send the power just now. Oh Lord, see send power just now. Oh Lord, send a power just now and baptize everyone. Send a power now, Lord Lord. Send your power right now. Oh Lord, send power just. Halleluah. Oh Lord, send a power just now and baptize everyone. Each of us can speak to the Lord. Father, how we thank you father that we are living in the reality heavenly father of the resurrection of our lord Jesus Christ. How the scripture tells us Lord that the Holy Ghost was not given because the Lord was not glorified. But now we live at a time when our Lord has been glorified. And how the Bible says, oh God, when he died, he took our sins. And when he resurrected, oh God, he resurrected for our justification. That even all the things that we've done before, they are no longer counted on us. Father, because heavenly father, you rose again, our heavenly father. And we are thankful father that even the issue of sin is completely divorced. The question of sin is completely put aside. We are thankful heavenly father for the blood of Jesus Christ that washes away all our sins that takes them away from us completely divorced heavenly father from all our failures from all our weaknesses from all our works from all our struggles from all what we can say we can do Lord it's all by the grace of God how we are thankful this evening Lord we thank you for your presence in our midst we thank Thank you for the baptism of the Holy Spirit. We thank you for your power of resurrection that works in our life father to give us the ability Lord to overcome sin to give us the ability Lord reject Satan to give us the ability Lord to live righteous life. It's all you working in our lives father that same Holy Spirit that raised Jesus from the dead coming down in our lives father. Oh God, resurrect us from all our sins, from all our failures, from all our weaknesses. Lord, we are thankful unto you Lord that you are the same God yesterday, today and forever. Lord, we depend upon you, heavenly father. We call upon your holy name Lord. Fill each and every one of us with your spirit. Lord, change us completely. Heavenly Father, that we may be in the image of Jesus Christ. Lord, desiring more of God, hungering and thirsting after your righteousness, the love of God filling our hearts, no longer ourselves living, but Christ living in us. How we love you, heavenly father. How we glorify you, heavenly father, work upon our lives, Father, to bring your very image, Lord, to bring the stage of a perfect man of God. We need you, heavenly father. We worship you, heavenly father. We magnify your holy name. We bless you heavenly father because your word is true and father how your promises are true and how you fulfill them Lord. How the scripture says that you even sw by yourself two immutable things that God cannot lie that God so by himself. How we are grateful Lord that we can have confidence in your word coming down to seal every one of us. coming down. Fill every one of us with your spirit that Lord we are no longer ourselves but you living in us. Oh God help us in the name of Jesus Christ that our lives completely be transformed be changed our thoughts be changed our speech be changed our conduct be changed our actions be changed and everything about us to completely be changed that we can live the lives of Jesus Christ fully dedicated unto you fully committed unto you Lord and desiring more and more of the Lord in our lives oh God how we need you heavenly father how we worship you heavenly father how we glorify Holy name work upon our lives, Father. Mold us indeed, Lord. Shape us indeed, heavenly father, and bring us, heavenly father, into a stage of a perfect man. It's our next prayer and desire, heavenly father. Oh God, we pray. May you keep our cup flowing. Keep them filling, Lord, that they may continuous be filled and filled and filled and keep them flowing and flowing over and over. Oh God, removing all the trashes in our life, removing all the things unlike in our lives, delivering us from all captivity, delivering us from all ps of darkness, delivering us from all evil desires, delivering us from all failures, delivering us from all weaknesses, delivering us from everything that's unlike you. Oh God, may that stream of life keep on flowing in our lives, keep on flowing, washing us, cleansing us, making us as pure as pure can be. the righteousness of God himself being molded in us. Oh God, we long for you Lord, more and more of you, Lord Jesus, in our lives. Wash us and make us clean in the name of Jesus Christ, delivering us from all powers of darkness, from every evil thing, from every evil desire, Lord, that Lord Jesus Christ, you alone and you Lord can be magnified in our lives. Can be heavenly father not in our lives. Not our own, Father, but you, Lord, working in us, Lord Jesus Christ, delivering us from every evil, from every bondage, Lord. We need you, heavenly father. We glorify you, holy name. How we thank you, Father, that you so loved us, Lord. And you've come down to seal us, Lord. The seal of promise, the seal of the Holy Spirit, really alive and real. Our heavenly father, if other seals can be seen, then this one is also made visible and made father Lord God alive God by the life of Jesus Christ himself. For he said, "Heavenly Father, by this shall all men know that you are my disciples when you love one another." And so many things, Lord, you have demonstrated to us. The fruit of the spirit coming so real and abundant in us, Lord. We pray that more and more of you, Lord, in our lives, Father. and give us grace heavenly father that we may be able to bear much fruit Lord much more than we ever done before that we may completely yield ourselves to you. Oh, how you said in your word without you we can do nothing Lord we honestly depending upon you Lord to take full charge of our lives heavenly father oh God that your very life the life in the vine can come down in our branches oh God that we can bear the fruit of the spirit can bear the fruit of Christ himself living in us doing his will and his pleasure oh how we love you heavenly father how we give praise to you Lord we surrender ourselves at you Lord and call upon the name of the Lord. And how you say in your word, whoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved. Oh God, we worship you Lord. We glorify holy name. We magnify your holy name. You are worthy Lord. You are wonderful Lord and you change not. Oh God, thank you for this service this day. Father, thank you for the grace you gave us to come over. Lord, we appreciate for every one of us who has been able to come. Even those that have been able to come, Lord, we commit them with your hands. and those who have been following online. Lord, we thank you for every one of them. We pray may grant every person their hearts desire, heavenly father, and bless our hearts. Reveal yourself to us, manifest yourself to us, and show us thy path of truth and righteousness for your holy name's sake, oh God. We earnestly depend on you, Lord. We honestly look at you, Father. Lead us, dear Lord. Guide us, dear Lord. And even Lord as we come the end of this service we pray that you may grant every one of us safe traveling mercies as we go back home that as you brought us safely also take us some back safely and bless us father bless the meetings tomorrow bless the praying and fasting meetings on Saturday and the meetings on Sunday we pray may come Lord Jesus Christ in all these services Lord and make yourself known and in our midst Lord that we may ever rejoice for being into your presence oh God grant your blessings Lord Grant your mercies Lord and bless us all together. We love you Lord and we thank you Lord. We give praise and honor to your name in the name of the Lord Jesus who grant us this. Amen. God bless you so much. We come the end of the service [Music] just before we go out there's this from brother Moa Joshua. He says God bless you saints. I bring greetings from Gujiri ego tabernacle from pastor charu be blessed. Thank you so much brother Josha and welcome back. So on Saturday we have praying and fasting meeting here. It will start at around 9 and maybe end by 5. So you're all welcome. On Sunday we have one service and then an afternoon service for the youth also. Just be ready for that. So God bless you so much. Let us sing this song as we go out. Songs 138. My hope is built on nothing less than Jesus blood and righteousness. I not trust the sweetest flame but holy lean on Jesus name. [Music] On Christ down so rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sound. All other ground is sinking sound. When darkness seems to hide his face, I rest on his unchanging grace. In every high stormy tail, my anchor holds within the veil. [Music] on Christ down. Solid rock I stand. All other ground is sinking sound. All other ground is sinking sound. When he shall come with trumpet sound, oh may I in him be found. Praise in Israel. this along forless to stand be the throne. [Music] All Christ [Music] [Music]
