################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-07-16 - Have You Received The HolyGhost Since You Believed ?  |  Pastor Katumba James | 16.07.2025 - Katumba James - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-07-16
Title:   Have You Received The HolyGhost Since You Believed ?  |  Pastor Katumba James | 16.07.2025
Speaker: Katumba James
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ifqln1aDcf8
========================================

[Music] a higher place than I found. [Music] Lord, plant my feet on higher [Music] ground. I want to scare. [Music] Yes. And touch of glory prize. But did I pray? Still have no Lord lead me on to high. [Music] Oh Lord, Lord, lift me up and let me stand. My faithful name [Music] I [Music] have [Music] Lord. Oh, [Music] my heart has no, my heart does know desire to stay. [Music] Where doubts are rise and fear is me. Though some may drill &gt;&gt; well [Music] my bre my is high. [Music] Oh ground Lord Lord meet [Music] &gt;&gt; I am &gt;&gt; Lord my great [Music] stable [Music] a higher that I have found. &gt;&gt; Lord bless I [Music] ground [Music] change. [Music] [Music] Is that [Music] [Music] Foreign [Music] speech. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. [Music] Foreign [Music] speech. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. [Music] Foreign [Music] speech. Foreign speech. Foreign speech. [Music] [Music] We thank you Jesus for your goodness and mercy. Lord, we give you glory. Lord Jesus, as we know, Lord God, you cannot leave us alone. You cannot forsake us, Lord, but you are always with us, Lord. We give you honors and glories, Lord, because you are worthy, Lord, to be praised. Thou art the lamb of God that takes away the sins of this world. And Lord Jesus, we believe and we know that you came and died on the cross. Lord Jesus, may that spirit of God bring that anointing Lord that Lord Jesus the hidden mysteries may be seen in our lives Lord that Lord whatever eyes have not seen and ears whatever's never heard let it be seen in us Lord Lord Jesus Christ the Bible says when we see the men of God doing the righteousness Lord then we ought to do them Lord we ought to follow their footsteps Lord we thank you Jesus We love you Lord and we appreciate you. We come under Lord Jesus the instruction of the word. We come under Lord Jesus the ordinances of God. That's why Lord Jesus we are so grateful Lord this evening Lord to be part of this service. We give you glory in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Lord we pray. Amen. Do you have that song? It is love. [Music] There is something in my soul. [Music] The title is it is love. [Music] There is something in my soul which keep shadows all the way. It is love. My savior's love. [Music] Something like every burden gives me gladness day by day. It is love. My savior's love. Get on your feet. Oh, the precious love of Jesus. How it dreams my rise on soul. More and more I'll sing his praises. While the heart the ages roll. When the tempter tries to win me, something keeps me true and strong. It is love. My Savior's love. [Music] Something makes me a blessing to the needy in the throne. It is love. It is love. My preious. All the preious love of Jesus. Are we free? My ransom. My ransom soul. More and more I'll sing his praises. [Music] While the ages roll. When misfortunes overtakes me, something comes my troules. It is love. My Savior's love. Something draws my soul to heaven. That sweet land of peace and grace. It is love. It is love. My savior. Oh, the precious, oh the &gt;&gt; Oh, the precious love of Jesus. How it dreams. I rise onto more and more I'll sing it praising while the heart ages souls a strain bow in sorrow. So astray and bow in sorrow. Something waits for you today. It is love, my Savior's love. It will give you peace and comfort. Make your burdens roll away. It is love. It is love. My saviors. Oh, the precious, oh the preious love of Jesus. How it treats my rant soul. Oh, and more. I'll sing his praising. Mighty the edges ro. Oh the precious preious love of Jesus. How it oh how it rs my risome soul. More and more more and more I sing his praises. Worthy are he is Lord. Let us sing and say when the Lord is called up yonder I will be there. Just type in 87. [Music] When the road is called the py. When the road is called the pure. When the road is called up, when the roar is called up yonder, I'll be there. When the ro When the roll is called a pure when the road is called a pure when the road is called the pure Oh, when the road is called up yonder, I'll be there. Amen. When the road is called up yonder, all all of us, we are going to be there. Amen. I believe I will be there with you. Let us sing and say, "This is like heaven to me. You got it. You type in 130. We find many people who can't understand why we are so happy and free. We've crossed over Jordan to Canand heaven to me. Once again we find many we find many people who can't why we are so happy and we've crossed over Jordan to garden and fell and this is like heaven. Oh brother, this is like heaven to me. Praise God. This is like heaven to me. I've crossed over. I've crossed over Jordan to kind and this is like heaven. Oh, this is this is like heaven to me. Praise God. This is like heaven to me. I've crossed over. I've crossed over Jordan to Canons fell in and this is like heaven to me. When I get high, I sing and I shout that don't believe it. I see. We've crossed. I'm filled with the spirit. There isn't a doubt. And that's what I'm with. Oh yes. Oh, this is like heaven to me. Praise God. This is like heaven to me. We've crossed over Jordan to God and fair and like heaven to me. When we get Oh, when I get happy, I sing and I shout. The devil don't believe it and see. We filled with a spirit. There isn't out. &gt;&gt; That's what the matter with me. Praise God. This is like heaven to me. This is like heaven to me. I've crossed over to God and this is like heaven to me. &gt;&gt; Amen. Let us give God a hand of praise. Amen. [Applause] &gt;&gt; I greet you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. We're happy to be back this evening the house of the Lord. We keep our brother Moses in prayers song leader. We went to last night for the burial of his sister and you should take to call him and console him. praise because each of us needs that since you've not been able to go there then our pastor is not here with us today every Wednesday he has to bring his wife for treatment they spend most of the time around in the hospital so now by the time the treatment is over so they would just need to get back. That's why he's not around. We just keep prayers. Praise the name of our Lord. On Saturday, we have praying and fasting. So, I would request if we can all be around to be very good. Then on Sunday, we have two services for the youth. Let us pray. &gt;&gt; Father, we thank you for this evening. The grace that you've given unto us to come into your presence. You said where two or three are gathered in your name, we will be there in their midst. And Lord, we believe you are here in our midst. So we call upon the name of the Lord. I pray that you may come and speak to us, Father, the words of eternal life that will bring a transformation in our lives. We commit all our cares and needs into your hands. Lord, we meet everyone their needs. Remember those who are sick and afflicted. We may heal them in such special in the name of Jesus Christ. and give us grace as we live every other day to be ready for the rapture. As we see the nations of the world, &gt;&gt; the nations of the world, how they are preparing for the third world war. We know that time should happen when the rapture has taken place. We pray you may help us therefore Lord be ready for that will take place any time. We love you and we thank you Lord in the name of the Lord Jesus pray this. Amen. Amen. Let us go to Acts chapter 19. We're reading from verse one up to verse seven. &gt;&gt; So the Bible says, &gt;&gt; "And it came to pass that while Apollos was at Corinth, Paul having passed through the upper coast came to Ephesus and finding certain disciples And he said unto them, "Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed?" And they said unto him, "We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost. And he said unto them, "Unto what were you baptized?" And they said, "Unto Johnny's baptism." Then said Paul, John very baptized with the baptism of repentance, saying unto the people that they should believe on him which should come after him, that is on Christ Jesus. When they heard this, they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. And when Paul had laid his hands upon them, the Holy Ghost came on them and they spoke with tongues and prophesied. And all the men were about 12. May God blessing of his word. You may be seated. Amen. So I want to take a subject in verse two. Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? [Music] Praise the name of the Lord. That's the question and each of us should be able to answer that question based on your personal walk with Christ. You know, we are living in a time where there are so many understandings or so many theories about the Holy Spirit and many of them are contrary and many of them are offside. So now Paul gets these people Apollos and his friend and Apollos was a mighty preacher according to the scriptures. When you read in Acts chapter 19, you know, he was going around preaching the gospel and he was using the scriptures to preach to the people and proving that Jesus is the Christ. But then he only knew the baptism of John. Praise the name of the Lord. Now when Paul watched him, he found that there was something lacking in this man's life. And brother Brham also says that you can talk to the person and then you can know that this person here lacks the Holy Spirit. Praise the name of our Lord. Just talk and then you'll find there is something missing in this person's life. the way he was preaching just went directly to him. Apollos, &gt;&gt; have you really received the Holy Spirit? Since you've believed, he knew Apollos believed. He was preaching about the Lord Jesus Christ, but he was preaching about the Lord Jesus Christ. who he had understood intellectually but then had no a personal revelation of Jesus Christ like some of us. You know we can be able to explain the godhead. We can be able to explain the water baptism of the major topics of the message. But then we lack the true revelation from Christ. We are explaining about you know you have some form of understanding because you have read the message books because you have been coming to church. You have been hearing the ministers preach and you can also tell them you know the message is this. This is what it does. But then you don't have a personal relationship you know with what you are talking about and that was Apollos. Then Paul was asking him you are a believer but there is something lacking in your life and that's the Holy Spirit. Then he says, "From the time you believed, did you receive the Holy Spirit?" And then now Apollos was concerned. And then he said, "We don't know if there is the Holy Spirit." You now look at this story here. We don't know if there is the Holy Spirit. And then Paul wanted asked them again how were you baptized? &gt;&gt; Then they said John is baptism John who baptized Jesus Christ is the one who baptized us. And then Paul told them the significance of Johnny's baptism, the baptism of John, the baptism of repentance, pointing people to believe on him who should come, who was Christ. Now John preached Christ who is coming as a sacrifice to believe him as the prophet who has been promised. Praise the name of our Lord and then you see that people believed that. But then when Jesus came, praise the name of our Lord. From the time he resurrected, we don't preach to a Christ coming as a sacrifice. But now we preach Christ who has been our sacrifice. We preach something that has already happened. Praise the name of our Lord. We preach the sacrifice that it has already done that has already been done. So now if the sacrifice has already been offered, so what we need to do is to go and take the place of the sacrifice. Praise the name of our Lord. The gospel now from the day of Pentecost is to tell the people that you know take the position that Christ has died for you. It's not pointing people to Christ who is coming as a sacrifice but it is telling the people the sacrifice has already been offered. So what you need to do is accept the sacrifice. Praise the name of our Lord. Jesus Christ as your personal savior because he has died for you. And when you accept him as your personal savior like now you see the gospel that Peter was preaching on the day of Pentecost. He was telling them, "Repent every one of you and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins." Praise the name of our Lord. That's now the gospel that we have. So now the baptism of the Holy Spirit has no complication whatsoever. has no kind of a big formula here. Some people preach the baptism of the Holy Spirit as a very hard thing. But I want to tell you, it's very simple to receive the Holy Ghost. Some people preach the baptism of the Holy Ghost as something you have to take long to receive. You can take years or live all your life and then get it at the end of the road. But the baptism of the Holy Spirit, you get it the moment your heart is ready to receive the Holy Ghost. Praise the name of our Lord. It's all about your heart condition. That's all. What is your heart condition before God in the message questions and answers? Brother Brandham says now you don't have to be baptized to receive the Holy Ghost because you can receive the Holy Ghost when your heart is right. Because Acts chapter 2, Peter give a formula. Repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ and you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. But then in Acts chapter 49, God turned around and gave the Gentiles the baptism of the Holy Ghost before there was ever before they was ever baptized at all. You see, so you see it is the condition of your heart. Praise the name of our Lord. That's the main thing. What is the condition of your heart? Look at Apples and his friends. They were preaching what their conviction and then Paul realized these people lack something. Have you received the Holy Ghost since you believe? Have you received the Holy Ghost? since you believed. Praise the name of our Lord. And he said, we don't know if there will be any Holy Ghost. How were you baptized? So you see that the baptism of the Holy Spirit is connected with how you are baptized. But then here in Cornelius in Acts chapter 10, the heart of Cornelius and his friends were right before God. The Holy Ghost just came down when Christ the sacrifice was introduced to them and then they believed the word. They received the word. the Holy Spirit came down and they were baptized with the Holy Spirit and then they were taken now into the water baptism. So now on the day of Pentecost, Peter gives a formula. Praise the name of our Lord. He gives a formula in the message this day is this scripture fulfilled and the doctor's prescription on how to receive the Holy Ghost is given to us by Dr. Simon Peter on the day of Pentecost. I will give you a prescription. Repent every one of you and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins. And you shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. for the prescription is to them that are far off, &gt;&gt; even as many as the Lord our God shall call. And brother Brandham says it is an eternal prescription. So now, have you received the Holy Ghost since you've believed? Paul was asking them I said we don't about the Holy Ghost about you can you also like apopos we also don't about the Holy Ghost for you you know about the Holy Ghost then the question is why haven't you received the Holy Ghost praise the name of the Lord now in the message questions and answers it says Now what is a birthight? &gt;&gt; It is the right. That is what I'm trying to tell you now. The Holy Spirit is your birthight. That is your birthright. That's your godgiven right. Praise the name of our Lord. So now if you have accepted the Lord Jesus Christ as your personal savior, why don't you have the Holy Spirit? The problem could be with your heart. Then why don't you be serious about what you know giving yourself over to God so that he takes charge over your life. Praise the name of our Lord. Don't allow this kind of you know mind. The Holy Ghost is very difficult. No, the Holy Ghost is right here. Actually, the moment you hear the word of God, it is the Holy Spirit speaking to you. Praise the name of the Lord. Why would you think, "Oh, I don't know when I'll get the Holy Ghost." Because the Holy Ghost has already been given. And if the Holy Ghost has already been given, so what do you do? Paul didn't ask them, "Were you given the Holy Ghost?" But Paul was asking them, "Did you receive the Holy Ghost?" You see it? God has already given the Holy Ghost. So now the issue is, &gt;&gt; why don't you receive the Holy Ghost? If the Holy Ghost has already been given, the Holy Ghost has already been given on the day of Pentecost. So why don't you take the Holy Ghost in the message the feast of the trumpets? Brother Brandham says that the Holy Ghost has been bound for 2,000 years, not in heaven, but here on earth, people binding the Holy Spirit, not in heaven, but here on earth. And why how they bind the Holy Ghost? And you can also bind the Holy Spirit. Praise the name of our Lord. The message the feast of the trumpets. Brother Brandham says while this group down here has got to bound at River Ephesus and has been bound for 2,000 years and also that the church has bound the Holy Ghost. for nearly 2,000 years under the mad back there and under the church ages. He has been bound not at riverfr but at the doors of creeds and dogmas that the Holy Spirit cannot work in the church because of manmade systems. That's how people bind the Holy Ghost. Wrong understanding binds the Holy Wrong teachings bind the Holy Ghost. You know, wrong kind of issues, wrong a wrong life can bind the Holy Ghost. Praise the name of the Lord. So the Holy Ghost was released from heaven but the people bind the Holy Spirit. People resist the Holy Spirit. That's how you know Steven was telling Sanhadran council. &gt;&gt; You always resist the Holy Spirit. How would they were they resisting the Holy Spirit? By not obeying what the Holy Spirit was saying. Even us we can resist the Holy Spirit by not being obedient to the word of God. The denominations they have bound the Holy Ghost by introducing their creeds and doggy by introducing infant baptism of children. by introducing baptism in a trinity, by introducing wrong formula of baptism, by you know not telling people the truth. So they bind the Holy Spirit. They resist the Holy Spirit. So even us now also we can bind the Holy Spirit. We can resist the Holy Spirit. by not doing what the word of God tells us to do. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message, why are people so tossed about? Brother Brenham says, "But now to see this hungering for people and yet not able to reach it. And many of our teachers and schools have brought in much theology of telling the people telling the people, "Well, it's because you didn't shout. because you didn't speak in tongues or because you didn't have this kind of gift which I have nothing in part or say anything against such but altogether you find these people when they do shout or speak with tongues or some other emotion, they don't still seem to be the person they should be. We know that to be the truth. And I've wondered myself just what could be done in that kind of state of mind for the person finding so finding it so simple in the word of God. We are trying to explain it. And in order now to do this after seeing the intellectual part of the mind and the soul [Music] which is in the heart. Now you'll truly find two different mental faculties. One of them is in your your head by your brain &gt;&gt; and the other is operated in the heart &gt;&gt; which is called your soul. Now you are very much in this agreement many times. Now, brother Brham is saying here because of so many schools of theology, one can tell you that if you don't speak in tongues, you're not going to get baptism of the Holy Ghost or you have not got the Baptism of the Holy Ghost. Then another says, if you don't shout, you have not got the Holy Ghost. If you don't feel an emotion, you've not got the Holy Ghost. And then people follow that and at the end of the day there is nothing. And now they get that and say now I've got the Holy Ghost and then you follow later. There's no Holy Spirit in that thing. So people just take some kind of thought or understanding or what they have been taught. So the baptism of the Holy Spirit and yet it is not. But yet it is simple to receive the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Praise the name of our Lord. It's not difficult. Just check your heart condition. Praise the name of the Lord. Just check your heart condition. You know there's somebody who was testifying and I went to the mountain and then I was there. Is it how many days? And then something happened I didn't know when I went and told a certain minister that was the holy and says, "Have the Holy Spirit, but then you followed the life, it doesn't match with what he's telling you. I was in church and then this kind of thing happened and I got the Holy Spirit you know because there is a way they can explain and then when he went home or she went home the following time to come to church I don't need to come to church because I received the Holy Spirit contrary, but they are pointing people to the things that are not genuine instead of pointing the people to the person of Christ himself when you have Christ in you, he will not leave you. That's what he said. I will not leave you comfortless. So even when you at your place of work, you will live the life of Jesus Christ. When you at your home, you live the life of Jesus Christ. When you meet any stranger, you will live the life of Jesus Christ. When you meet your enemy, you will meet the life of you will live the life of Jesus Christ. It will not be something which is upside down. Dubious ways, bitterness, envy, malice that is not part of Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. So people are not being pointed to the right thing. Praise the name of our Lord. People are being pointed to Christ. And then there's just this message which I was I was reading in the course of the I just want to read it also. Praise the name of our Lord. There is a quote here. And then brother Brandham says, "I'm afraid today that too many of us are not getting people to Christ. We are getting them to a church, to a theory, but we must get them to Christ. He is the only one and the only one that has life. He that has the son of life. &gt;&gt; And if the life of a man that is dead be projected in you, you will live the same life he lived. Praise the name of the Lord. If you say you have the baptism of the Holy Spirit, then you have the life of Jesus Christ. And if you have the life of Jesus Christ, &gt;&gt; you will live like Jesus Christ. But if you find that you are living contrary to Jesus Christ, then you don't have the life of Jesus Christ. That's one of the things to prove. Praise the name of our Lord. So we need to see that we have a personal relationship with Christ himself. Brother Brham says in the message why are people so tossed about. He says yet men and women live a good life and love God by a mental conception. But the real hiding place is in the heart. Hide with Christ. And when Christ the Holy Spirit comes into your heart, he is in you with your temperament. [Music] He is living his own life through his own will through you. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, he lives in you. &gt;&gt; He lives his own life. Then he says, &gt;&gt; I know it sounds awful. &gt;&gt; It's right, &gt;&gt; so yielded you are that Christ speaks the kind of words he would speak. He thinks the kind of thoughts he would think. through you. He does the kind of works he would do through you. You are yielding and resting. Praise the name of the Lord. In other words, you you're not so troubled inside of you. You are alone. Praise the name of the Lord. A beautiful picture of a consecrated Christian yielded &gt;&gt; Christ working through. Paul said for me to live is Christ and to die is gain. Not me that liveth anymore, but Christ liveth in me. Christ living in the individual soul surrendered. Christ speaks through the lips and think through the mind, see through the eyes, act through the temperament. The thing of the world has passed away. How can it be anything? Sweet and pleasant all the time. Christ has got control. You see, that is what it is. It is Christ in you. Praise the name of our Lord. That's the life that we need to look for. Praise the name of our Lord. Christ living in me. When Paul saw Apollos and his friends, he realized these people lack the Holy Spirit. They don't have the life of Christ. Whatever they are doing, they're doing it intellectually. They doing it under their own ability. You know like in psychology, they can teach you that if a person annoys you, you keep come and go away and then try to distract your mind from that. And then then there are those people use psychology and then they they get a woman who complains whenever the husband is at home. They say when you see him coming take this medicine and then you you drink it but don't swallow it. Then you put it in the mouth. The husband has come. Swallowing is rough. And now for you, you can't speak because there's something holding your mouth. You can't swallow it. You can't spit it because it is medicine. Then they say when after some time when he has finished and he has he has maybe gone away from you, then you go and spit it. psychology. &gt;&gt; That's not how Christ operates. &gt;&gt; He's just lives within &gt;&gt; and he gives you self control. You know that kind of calmness that comes down when brother met that wild bull. He didn't have a gun, but the presence of God just took a hold of him and then the fear went away. That bull had been killing people who go through that place. The presence of God just came down and took over the condition. love for that enemy and it come down the station. That's how the life of Christ works in our lives. But even when you are faced with a challenge you don't understand Christ will come and stand with you in that challenge. Maybe you have gone to place you expecting something and then you find is totally opposite. You will not run mad. Praise the name of the Lord. Maybe you expected to fly high in in marks or something like that and then you fell. Christ holds you in that condition. He encourages you. He stabilizes you. Or maybe it's a situation of sorrow. He comes and holds you together. Praise the name of our Lord. Christ himself coming in your condition. Praise the name of our Lord. And we should desire that kind of life that it is Christ that lives in us. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message, why are people so tossed about? He says the Christian rests that rests in that hope upon the stormy seas. Sure, storms rise, all kinds of trouble, but we are anchored. That's all. It will never sink. It can't sink. Christ is on the inside. Whether the things turn upside down, you're not going to run crazy. Why? There's something special God has put in your life. Then he says, "Now, I've noticed many Christians in my life to be up and down. I've wondered about that. And why are people so tossed about? &gt;&gt; You find then people who seem to be very religious, seems to have a deep desire. Day they search and hunt and seek for God and never come to any settlement of any kind in any kind where they could ever be settled or anchored in Christ. And this I have learned being in experience that it is the people of intellectuals. Hey, they want you to explain everything. How did you feel? Did you feel some warmth there in the heart? Maybe you have not got it. Don't need to look at that. have a personal relationship. Brother, I felt so much here, this and this. And then now like this when they teaching people how to speak in tongues, speak this word. Speak fast, fast, fast, fast first fast first fast first fast first fast first fast first fast first fast first fast first fast first fast. But the Bible says nobody was there to teach them the tongues. The scripture says when the Holy Ghost came down, the spirit gave them genuine tongues. Not a makeup. Praise the name of our Lord. Not a makeup to know that I've also got it. You don't need to do that. It's by your life that people will prove whether you have it or not. Praise the name of the Lord. Then he says now speaking this is two different types of Christian Christianities. Okay. He says but I would not say two different types. I said two different phases would be better word to use. One of them is in an intellectual or mental conception of God. What God has said in his word of Jesus Christ by the way of knowledge and the other is an experimental experience that God has given this man in his heart. The intellectual is hungering feisting on God, but his fist doesn't hold. The other one seems to have victory all the time. There's nothing bothers them. They are just solid anchored as they can be. No trials, no storms bother them at all. No trials will be there. Problems will be there. Praise the name of our Lord. because this one is anchored. But they seem to have something about them that people who are Christians who are trying to live for God that type of Christian. Praise the name of our Lord. Be that kind of person in your neighborhood. You know, let them see there's something special about you. Praise the name of the Lord. Moved by circumstances. Oh, the conditions are hard. I can't come to church. Even in the midst of many hardships, you are right there faithful. Praise the name of our Lord. Not to and fro. Praise the name of our Lord. So now the Holy Spirit, &gt;&gt; the Bible says in Acts 5:32, "And we are his witnesses of these things, and so is the Holy Ghost, whom God has given to them that obey him." So he says the Holy Ghost is given to those who obey God. That's all that you need to do. Be obedient to the word of God. And then the Holy Spirit will come. It's not anything complicated. Oh, now I don't know if God will ever give me the Holy Ghost. The Bible says the promise &gt;&gt; is unto you and your children and as many as the Lord our God shall call. So you can ask yourself did I come here by myself or God called me if you called yourself then there is nothing for you &gt;&gt; but if you know that it's God who called you the Bible says the promise is unto you and he has already given the Holy Spirit. So what you need to do receive what he has already given. Praise the name of our Lord. You can receive the Holy Ghost here at church. You can receive the Holy Ghost right at your home. Anywhere you can receive the Holy Ghost as long as your heart is right before God. So you need to see that you consecrate yourself before God. Praise the name of our Lord. Have time you closely have time for the Lord. You know the way you consecrate on something. Praise the name of the Lord. Like I can give some examples. Praise the name of the Lord. When your heart is in something, maybe at your places of work, Maybe it may be your businesses. You know, you have a lot of burden on your heart to go and work that day. You have somebody coming at 6. Even when you sleep, your sleep is not enough. You wake up even before time. Many times and you try to look at the watch, but it's still duct dangerous now. But your mind is on what you're going to do and then now you go what you're going to do. Sometimes you have forgotten taking tea and you start working in your things you're doing. And as you keep yourself busy, you not even think about that you never ate food. You just realize you're becoming weak. Then you start but why why am I becoming weak you look at the time maybe it is five say hey the day is almost gone then it comes to your mind I've not taken tea not eaten anything because your heart is in that thing praise the name of our lord happen in our lives every other like when you're doing some assignment something ahead of you you want to accomplish you are concentrating all your mind even some noises which can happen you are not so much bothered about it you are just focused on something praise the name of the Lord your heart is sold into that thing you're That is the same thing with the Lord. When you fast, you're not going to be troubled about hunger if you are really fasting because your mind is on God. But now the moment food comes about in your mind then you know the fasting is over. Praise the name of our Lord. Just know the fasting is over. Bible says Jesus when he had fasted afterwards he hungered. &gt;&gt; So when the hunger comes that's the time to go and eat. Praise the name of our Lord. I have to complete the days I I I pledged. But you see the the mind has already left the things of God. You already on something different. When Peter hungered then the Lord told him eat. Praise the name of Lord. Brother Brham says &gt;&gt; in the message &gt;&gt; they intervail. &gt;&gt; Christianity is not something. God is not one you have to beg and cry and plead. He's going to look at me that I'm outside. God has not given me the Holy Ghost. It's not like that. It's your heart condition. Starve yourself and everything like that to get to certainly not. &gt;&gt; I'm not dis I'm not degrading a fast. But here not long ago a man wrote a book on fasting. Women come in the meeting and men who went out to those fast that were insane. They went just because the book said fast 40 days. Some of them with false plates and their teeth would drop out and their eyes would sink back and mothers to be women to be mothers. Their little ones as you understand You don't completely go mentally out and be taken to the institutions. Many of them come in that condition. I believe in fasting certainly. But when you fast, you don't hunger. Jesus after he had gone through fasting. The Bible said, he was hungry. God puts a fast on you. You don't put it on yourself. He certainly captured the woman. The man that wrote that book when he said put a picture of a woman there look 20 years younger and said after you that fast you ought to see her then just about a year later that she looked like after that you don't do that. You don't do things by works. It is by grace. God is sovereign grace. Praise the name of our Lord. So make sure that your heart is right before God. Peter told them, "Repent, be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, you shall receive the gift of the Holy." And he says, "The promise is unto you." So you take it as God's promise. Lord, I'm here to receive the promise. Praise the name of our Lord. In the message, the Holy Ghost is the message possessing the enemy's gates. He says, "I don't know, but I'm persuaded [Music] to believe that Joshua was a little bit, just a little bit tiny fellow. I can see jump on a box. Men and brethren, two million people, we are more than able to take them. See why there was a seed of Abraham. God gave the promise. That was their possession. God gave the promise. Don't matter what the opposition was the true seed of Abraham said we can take it because gave it to us. When they were going to the promised land you know 12 spies were sent. Now when the others saw the sons of Anch were giants, the land was grown with milk and honey. Then they came back to the camp of the Israelites. Ah, the land is there, but we can never take it. We are like grasshoppers. Those are giants. We better go back to Egypt. And that's what the devil wants to tell us. You mean getting the Holy Ghost? My friend is not. Do you know how he suffered to get the Holy Ghost? &gt;&gt; Then why did Christ suffer on the cross? Praise the name of the Lord. People take that mind until one was saying, you know, &gt;&gt; if you don't make it in the rapture, When you don't have the Holy Ghost, you become the foolish virgin. The message is not for foolish virgin. This message is for the bride of Jesus. Praise the name of our Lord. Oil here, freely given why don't you receive the oil in your life? Why don't you receive oil in your vessel? the life of Jesus Christ himself, you know. So they were telling the the Jews, they cannot take the land, it is difficult, oh no, we are going to perish here in the wilderness when we go there. going to kill us. And brother is saying Joshua was saying, we are more than able not looking at your ability at the promise of God. I give you the land. Praise the name of our Lord. So he gives us the Holy Spirit. So what do I do? I receive you the Holy Spirit. Praise the name of our Lord. Then he says &gt;&gt; there are there you are standing this morning there stands the church of the living God. I don't care what anyone else says, whatever the doctor says, anything, what the unbeliever says, you know, we are more than a match for anything. We are Abraham's seed and we shall possess the gate of our enemy. No matter what the enemy is, God gave the promise that was theirs, their possession. Healing is your possession. Salvation is your possession. The Holy Ghost is your possession. And there is great thousands of preachers and so forth in the land today that say it is not so. But the seed of Abraham knows it is so. They went right in and possessed the gates of the enemy. They said they would believe it because it is the promise. This seed shall possess the gates of the enemy. Now you go through the testing trials and Joshua stood they are royal. The little fellow said I don't care how big they are. I don't care what kind of spear they got, how high their cities is world, how great it is. Our promise is that the gate will be possessed by the seed of our we are going over to take them. We are more than a match for them. And that is the true sin. Praise the name of our Lord. That should be your confession. The Holy Ghost is mine. I don't know whether the Holy Ghost is maybe it is for dear brother but me I don't know &gt;&gt; take it &gt;&gt; possess it desire Lord I'm here filled with your Holy Spirit Lord I'm here to be changed the name of our Lord and when they were ready to possess the land do you know what happened. They never had missiles. They never had those missiles. They only had to follow God's instruction. God told them, clean up yourselves, sanctify, separate from evil things, separate from things that may water down your face. dying to yourself. Then they cross Jordan, dying to the things of the world, dying to the things that are contrary to the word of God. He told Joshua, walk around the city seven days. So every day they were walking around. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. Every day they were walking around. And then on the seventh day, sold them seven times. And now when you finish, what do you do? Blow a trumpet. Praise the name of the Lord. Blow the trumpet. And then what happened? The city collapsed. They never had missiles to blow it up. It was financially done by obeying the word of God. And that's the same baptism of the Holy Spirit. Cornelius just obeyed the angel's voice. The angel told him, send for somebody to go and pick Peter. And then now Cornelius got faithful men. And then he told them, "Go to this place on the seashore and then ask for the house of Simon the Turner." &gt;&gt; And then you'll find a man called Simon Peter. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. He went and told the friends and then his relatives and said, "I've had a vision." Now, &gt;&gt; don't first look for a vision to say that now you're going to get the Holy Ghost. You don't need that. We have a sure word of prayer. Whosoever will come to the waters. &gt;&gt; The promise is unto you. You don't need a vision to prove whether you're going to get the Holy Ghost or not. A sure word of prophecy. The Holy Ghost is mine. Praise the name of the Lord. So now when Cornelius did that and when those reached Peter's house, It was around that time and then Peter had also gone to pray. You see how the Lord works a prayer upon Peter's heart upon Peter's heart and Peter was praying and then afterwards he became hungry and then he going into a vision and then things came from heaven on sheet and there were unclean animals. voice from heaven said, "Flay and eat." The first time it came, the second time, the third and Peter was telling the Lord, "I've never eaten anything unclean." And then the vision went away. And then Peter started wondering. God told him, "What God has made clean, don't call unclean. And then he was wondering, doubting within himself. And then the men had reached the gate and they were knocking. But the Holy Ghost told him, "I've sent men to you. Go with them. Don't doubt anything. God working out. Praise the name of our Lord." And now they stayed overnight. The following day they went Peter went with some Jews there going to this meeting to meet these people's house was bowing down to him he said don't bow down to started asking him why have you called for me praise the name of our lord started explaining okay one thing I Oh is no respect of person. Whosoever fe does this and he started preaching Christ the word the sacrifice. And then the Bible says while Peter yet spoke this what happened? Their hearts were right. Their hearts were ready. So the Holy Ghost just came down. What science was there? How many years did they take to get there condition? Praise the name of Lord. Apollos do know about the Holy Spirit for you. You know about the Holy Spirit. You just need to have faith in the promise of God. You said, "Lord, the Holy Spirit is mine." And so you've come and received the Holy Spirit. &gt;&gt; Praise the Lord. &gt;&gt; And you know you need to go all all the way every day. Live in expectations. &gt;&gt; Lord, fill me with your spirit. Lord, transform me. Lord, direct me. Praise the name of our Lord. Because the promises of God are yeah and amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. You just have to have that faith and confidence in God. Lord, I'm here to be filled with your Holy Spirit. Praise the name of our Lord. Jesus Christ the same yesterday, &gt;&gt; today, and forever. &gt;&gt; So, have you received the Holy Ghost since you believed? When you're looking for the bom of the Holy Spirit, don't look for emotions. Don't look for that. Praise the name of the Lord. Look for a personal relationship with Christ. That relationship The person of Jesus Christ, Christ himself living in you. Praise the name of our Lord. The Holy Spirit is the life of Christ himself. That should be your desire. Praise the name of our Lord. May God bless you. Amen. Let us stand up and sing that song. Have you been baptized into the body? Psalm 129. Praise the name of our Lord. Receiving the baptism of the Holy Spirit is not complicated. It's all about you surrendering to the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord. It's not difficult. Praise the name of the Lord. And why wouldn't you receive the Holy Spirit? Your life becomes better as a Christian. Praise the name of our Lord. Everything that God says is a reality to you. Amen. Amen. [Music] Let us start with the chorus. Psalm 129. Are you in the church triumphant? Are you in the Savior's bride? Come and be baptized into the body and forever more. Are you in? Are you in the church triumph? Are you in the Savior's crown? Come and be baptized into the body and forever more. Amen. Amen. Let us sing Psalm 25. All to Jesus I surrender. Praise the name of our Lord. That's the true life of a Christian. Learning how to surrender and yield yourself to him. All to Jesus I surrender. All to him are freeing him. I will ever love and trusting in his presence daily. I surrender. I surrender. [Music] I surrender all to Jesus. I surrender. I surrender all to thee. My blessed Savior. I surrender. Oh. All to Jesus I surrender hy. [Music] Oh halleluations [Music] all forsake an out may Jesus take me. I surrender. I surrender. I surrender. Oh to Jesus I surrender. I surrender all [Music] to thee my blessed savior I surrender [Music] all hallelujah oh to Jesus I surrender. Make me savior. Holy God. Let me feel your holy spirit and holy know that Lord I surrender. I surrender. I surrender all to Jesus. I surrender. I surrender all [Music] to thee. Blessed Savior I send [Music] all to Jesus I surrender. Lord, I give myself to thee. Fill me with thy love and power. Let the place fall for Lord. I surrender. I surrender. I surrender. Oh to Jesus. I surrender. I surrender. Oh, [Music] to him my blessed Savior I surrender. [Music] All to Jesus I surrender now I feel the sacrifation. [Music] ation. Glory, glory to you. I surrender. [Music] I surrender. Oh, to Jesus. I surrender. I surrender. Oh, all to thee my blessed savior. I surrender. Oh, you can now speak to the Lord. Father, how we thank thee, Father. How we glorify your name. We thank you, Father, for the baptism of the Holy Spirit and fire. How you've brought us out, Lord. How you've redeemed us, Lord. How you've saved us, heavenly father, and given unto us your spirit, Lord. Not of any merit, Lord. Not of anything good we have done, but by your grace, heavenly father, that you give us thy spirit, Lord. And how can just there maybe didn't know anything but Lord your spirit just came down because he recognized the sacrifice and he had the word of God about the washing of sins and everything and the Holy Spirit came and took over all their lives and you are the same Lord yesterday, today and forever. Lord, now so many times we've heard about the Holy Spirit. We pray in the name of Jesus Christ that that same spirit, Lord, that we've been hearing about may himself come down and fill all our hearts with the father that each and every one of us, oh God, may be made a new creation, new in Christ, Lord, no longer ourselves living, Lord, but Lord, you alone living in us, Lord. I pray may help every one of us in the name of Jesus Christ. Lord be filled with your Holy Spirit Lord. Lord to have the life of Christ living in us Lord. No more our self living Lord. No more our desires Lord. No more our mind Lord. No more our intent Lord but Christ living in us. Oh God how we sanctify. Oh God how we glorify your name. Oh God, how imm you are so great. Father, you are so awesome. Lord, you change not heavenly. Father, you fail not. Oh God, we do magnify you. Lord, we do glorify you Lord. Your name is holy. Father, your name is wonderful. Lord, change us heavenly father. Transform us heavenly father. And the power of the Holy Spirit may come down in our lives. And how you said, Father, you keep us by your power, Lord. You fill us with your spirit, Lord. You told them to wait in the Jerusalem, Lord. And they did wait and the Holy Spirit himself come down. And how you came, heavenly father, and anointed each of them. You filled each and every one of them. You were right in that place, Lord. Even in Cornelius's house, you came and filled each and every one of them. God, it was all about the heart being right. Oh God, and just remembering Simon the sorcerer, how he wanted to buy the Holy Ghost by money. He thought there was an extra thing I need to do. Oh God, but still Lord, you are the same. Oh heavenly father, how we thank thee Lord for the portion of the Holy Spirit that you give unto us Lord to be your children Lord to be like our Lord Jesus Christ. So help every one of us now in the name of Jesus Christ. All your children in the name of Jesus to be filled Lord that no longer are we living but you living in us. How we thank the father. How we glorify holy name. How we magnify holy name. You are great Lord. You are awesome Lord. You change not heavenly father. You f heavenly father. We do glorify you Lord and magnify. Bless us heavenly father. Lead us heavenly father. Guide us heavenly father. Direct us heavenly father. Help us to live upright seeking your face every other day. That we may know you in the power of your resurrection. That you may come and reveal yourself to us. That you may come and manifest yourself to us and show us indeed the path that we have to take. The path of truth and righteousness for your name's sake. How we thank you for your son, Lord. How we thank you for your love. I thank you for everybody who has been able to come. We worship you Lord. We glorify your holy name. Guide us heavenly father and lead us heavenly father even as we come the end of this service Lord. We pray you may grant us to mercies, Father, as we travel back home, that you may lead every one of us back safely, Lord, and bless the meetings tomorrow, Lord, in the different places, Lord, and even bless our coming back on Saturday, Lord, to bless us, to speak to us, to manifest yourself to us, and to reveal yourself to us. We love you, Father. We thank you, Father. Thank you for this service. Thank you for your loving kindness. Thank you for your love. Thank you for your victories you give to us. lead us all safely back home in the name of Jesus Christ. We thank you and bless you and give praise to your holy name. Thank you father for this day. Thank you Lord for this service. Blessed be thy name Lord forever more. Amen. Thank you Jesus. Amen. Thank you Lord. [Music] Amen. God bless you so much. I've come the end of the service. So on Saturday we have been praying and fasting. You are all welcome. Amen. As we go out, there is a land that is fairer than the day. And by faith we can see our for the father waits all the way to prepare us there in the sweet in the sweet in the Sweet by and by and by we shall meet on the beautiful song in the sweet. High and wide, by and by, we shall live. On the pure table of song we shall sing. on the beauty song. The Lord songs of the bless and the spirit shall sorrow no more. on the side for the blessing of bread. In the sweet, in the sweet, in the sweet by and by, by and by, we shall sing. What a beautiful song. [Music] In the swing, in the swing, by and by, by and by we shall wonder the beautiful song. So a wonderful father of God. [Music] We will offer our triute of praise for the glorious gift of his life. [Music] And the bless sings the power of our day. In the sweet wind, in the sweet by [Music] and by, we shall be on the beautiful shore. In the sweet [Music] by and by, by and by we shine on the beautiful shore in the sweetness. Heat. Heat.
