################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-04 - Obedience    Pastor Katumba James         06.04.2025 - Katumba James.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-04
Title:    Obedience  |  Pastor Katumba James  |       06.04.2025
Speaker:  Katumba James
Church:   Inner Veil Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 10m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZoHndIzBiMg
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
There shall be seasons of fresh sing from the savior above. Showers showers of blessing, showers of blessings we need. [Music] Mercy drops round us are [Music] falling but for the showers we ble shall be showers of blessing precious reviving again over the hills and Sound of abandonance of rain. Showers, showers, showers of bless, showers of blessings, showers of blessings within. Mercy drops round us are full holy but for the showers we let us bless the offerings and t Lord Jesus we thank you father for the hand of provision your children Lord like David they had it in their hearts They have had it in their heart that they cannot go in your house empty-handed. Lord, therefore they have come in with something. Lord, bless the works of their hands. Lord, I bless Lord Jesus their heart desires Lord that more and more Lord they may bless father your word come to father the ministry Lord like that Lord [Music] Jesus tunamite [Music] woman she gave a hand of uh service or uh provision Lord to the prophet a man of God. May you bless your children Lord that they may put a hand of provision Lord to this ministry Lord in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ I pray. Amen. Amen. [Music] I have here a special thanks from the family of brother. He says, "God bless you saints with great pleasures. We thank God for the grace he has given during prep. He has given during preparations of both functions of our beloved son and victory. [Music] Like the function he says introduction introduction ceremony and wedding ceremony which was [Music] successful conducted and ended yesterday. Thank you very much in a veil church for fully participating in both functions. Thank you for the provisions, love, love, care, advice and prayers and thank you for your generosity. Thank you for your generosity and thank you for the ministers of God, Pastor Kumba and Pastoral and your families for standing with us in both functions. May the glory of God and a honor and a honor May the glory and a honor go back to God. It's our it is our humble prayer that such love may continue until the coming of our Lord Jesus. Thank you very much. And I request you give me time to sing a special song. And it is [Music] 135. My brother, if you don't mind, I think he's he has not come yet. Okay. Maybe the pastor will handle it. Amen. Amen. As we prepare to to hear the word, let us sing. Let us sing that song. leaning on the everlasting arms. What a fellowship. What a joy divine leaning on the everlasting arm. What a blessedness. [Music] leading on [Music] everlasting arms leading. Hallelujah. Safe and secure from all. [Music] I'm leading. on everlasting. Oh, how sweet to walk in his pilgrim way on the everlasting arms. Oh, how bright our light goes from there to leading on the [Music] everlasting love. I'm leading I'm leading leading safe and secure from all [Applause] I'm [Music] leading on the everlasting. What am I to do? What have I to feel only ever [Music] passing my heart blessed with my soul everlasting? [Music] Are you leading? Lead me. I'm leading you from all. [Applause] [Music] Are you leaning? Leading. Are you leaning? only everlasting. Amen. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us give God a hand of [Music] praise. Let us pray. Father, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, we thank you for this morning. We give praise and honor to your name for the opportunity you've given us to come into your presence. You said where two are gathered in your name, we will be there in their meetings. Lord, we believe you're here in our meetings. Speak to us, Father, the word of eternal life. Bless our hearts in such a special meet all our various needs. as you have promised. We love you Lord and we thank you. We give honor to your holy name in the name of the Lord Jesus. We pray and ask this. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. I greet you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. We thank God for those who have been able to come today. Praise the name of the Lord and likewise appreciate everyone who participated in the wedding and introduction of Steven and Victory. Praise the name of our Lord and so is good to be one to stand with one another. You know that's what the Bible says that mourn with those who mourn and rejoice with those who rejoice. Praise the name of our Lord. When it is rejoicing like marriages and graduations, let us all be one and put our efforts together to rejoice. Maybe it is sorrowfulness like death or funerals or sickness. Maybe one has been put in prison. We also need to do the same thing. If we stand with one another and that's what shows that we are a body of Jesus Christ. Praise the name of our lord. So pastor is not around is actually went for a funeral. He went to a funeral. Actually, that's the place where the funeral is. He lost a brother-in-law to his one of his eldest sisters. So, he was there from this morning and even I believe some people have gone there to be with him. And then also there's another funeral again lost his mother also the burial is today in the place is called and the funeral is starting at 1 100 1 p.m. and I'll be the one taking that funeral service. So I want to take maybe one and a half hours. Maybe by one we can leave and then said that at two we are there to start that funeral service. So you see we are quite divided in different kind of commitments. Praise the name of our Lord. I thank God for everything. Everything works out for the good of them that love God. Then next Sunday, you know, we meant to have the Lord's supper today. We were meant because we had the function yesterday. So we said maybe we postpone to the next the following Sunday. So on 18th Brother on 13th we are going to have the lord's supper here praise the name of our lord so we shall have two services and then the lord's supper starting at 5 so you come when you are prepared to expect it then we have only one service and then another announcement our brother Joshua here He lost one of his grandparents and the burri is going to be tomorrow. That's after Maga on on Ginger Road. I think it's place called Namasoga. So those be able to go there, it will also be good. Praise the name of our Lord. Before the reading of the word, invite sister Faith and the team to come and sing. God bless you. Amen. Master, speak. Thy serant hearth. Longing for thy gracious word. Longing for thy voice that cheerth master. Let it now be heard. I am listening Lord for thee. What has thou to say to [Music] me? Oh fed through my heart is hearing. Many another voice than I. Many unwield echo stealing from the walls of this thy shrine. Let thy longful accents for master speak and silence soul. Master speak thy sless rest. Let me not turn and heart depart. Master speak for all thou no west all the yearings of my heart. Oh my [Music] stoest need speak and make me blessed indeed. Master speak and make me ready when thy voice is truly heard. We though obedience glad and steady still to follow every word. I am listening Lord for thee. Master, speak or speak to [Music] me. Speak to me by name, oh master. Let me know it is to me. Speak that time may follow [Music] faster with the step more found free where the sheer is the in the certain going there from there to That's the lead going. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] When we walk with the Lord. In the light of his word, what a glory shed on our way. While we do his good will, he abides with us still and with all who we trust. and oh so trust and know for there's no other way to be happy Jesus and to trust and know trust and trust and know always to be happy Jesus and to trust and not a shadow can rise, nor a cloud in the sky, but his smile quickly drives I tell you not to fear not a sign of why we trust [Music] and oh together trust and oy for There's no other way to be happy in Jesus and to trust and oy nor the [Music] we share but the joy he has reached. Heat. Heat. [Music] That is we just know we just to be happy in Jesus than to trust and oy But we never can prove the delight of his love until all the time [Music] will the favor show and the joy souls are for them who will trust and oy just trust and trust and there is no other way to be happy in Jesus than to trust and oy Oh, then in fellowship sweet we'll sit at his feet. Oh, we walk by his side in the way. Oh, what he what he says we will do. where he says we will go never fear only trust and oy trust and trust and oy to be happy in Jesus than to trust and Oy, trust and oy. Trust and know for there's no other way. To be happy in Jesus than to trust and oy. Amen. Amen. Do you appreciate that? Trust and obey. Praise the name of our Lord. I just pray the Lord gives me grace. I want to talk about something simple yet very important in our Christian walk. Praise the name of our Lord. I've just been thinking how simple I can maybe bring it out such that even a little child can understand it. And I want to talk about obedience. Praise the name of our Lord. Obedience. We appreciate the brothers who have come in. You're welcome. Brother Prim. And all visitors in our ministry, you're welcome. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us stand up and have a word of prayer and take our scripture reading. Father again we thank you and now we've approaching the reading of the word. We pray that you may come and speak to us father the words of eternal life that can help us dear Lord Jesus Christ how we can walk before you that we can be accepted Lord. Help us father in our weaknesses and give us the grace Lord to be obedient to your word even when we can't understand it that we may only follow you Lord. Bless it father even to our hearts father that lord you may make that word quick powerful in our lives bring a transformation in us deliver us father from any form of godliness but you may give us the transformation that we may be like Christ, we love you and we thank you in the name of Jesus Christ. We pray and ask this. Amen. Amen. We go to the book of 1 Samuel chapter 15 and verse 18 to verse 23. We are talking about obedience. Amen. Amen. And the Lord sent thee on a journey and said, "Go and utterly destroy the sinners of the Amalocites, and fight against them until they be consumed. Wherefore then did thou not obey the voice of the Lord, but did fly upon the spoil, and didest evil in the sight of the Lord. And Samuel and Saul said unto Samuel, "Yeah, I have obeyed the voice of the Lord, and I've gone the way which the Lord sent me, and I've brought a king of Amc, and I've utterly destroyed. But the people took of the spoil, sheep and oxen, the chief of the things which should have been utterly destroyed to sacrifice unto the Lord thy God in Gilgard. And Samuel said, "Has the Lord has the Lord as great delight in burnt offerings and sacrifices, as in obeying the voice of the Lord? Behold, to obey is better than sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat of rams. For rebellion is as the sin of witchcraft and stubbornness is the iniquity and adultery. Because thou hast rejected the word of the Lord, he has also rejected thee from being king. Oxy. So I want to talk about obedience. Praise the name of our Lord. Obedience. You know it is very important in our Christian walk. Be obedient and to be obedient to the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. To be obedient to the word of God. And you know obedience from the childhood as a parent you demand your children to be obedient and naturally God has put something in us that you are going to obey because the scripture says man is always influenced. There's something that influences you. There's something in your life whereby you want to look up to somebody else. You know, like even learning how to eat like a small child will always look to the big ones. or a small child who always look at the mother and then starts imitating how the mother speaks. No, starts to learn from the parents and know then there's that kind of bonding that comes and a child will not have any doubt in their parents but they will do exactly what their parents tell them. And this is where the Lord Jesus told us that unless we are like little children, we cannot see the kingdom of God. Because the little child will just do what you tell them to do. They don't have another thought. It's maybe until they've had an experience through that. Like now for example, praise the name of our you know like when you have little children at home you know they always want to touch everything they are so inquisitive what is this and sometimes when perhaps maybe when you have fire around they want to find out how what is this what is this but you know as a parent you just see how you can control them So now obedience is required from us. God requires us to be obedient to his word. You may not be able to understand the word. You may not be able to appreciate why you're being told that. But then he requires obedience. Praise the name of like when the Lord Jesus Christ started washing the feet of Simon Peter. Then Peter said, "Not me, Lord." Then the Lord told him now you don't know what I'm doing, but allow I do it and then you'll understand later. And also sometimes we are faced with this kind of scenarios. Now the Lord tells you go and do this and this. It's God who knows why you have to do that. And then you don't ask God why those kind. Now there was a general in Syria and now this general in Syria he had leprosy. And then when he had leprosy, there was a maid in his home who was taken from Israel. And then this maid told her mistress that you know in Israel there is a prophet of God. If my master would go to that prophet, he would be made whole. So now when the when the the wife heard that she told the husband, then the husband went and told the king and then the king wrote to the king in Israel, kill my servant of leprosy. And then the king started renting his clothes. He said, "This man wants to have an issue with me." And when the prophet heard, he told them, "Send him to me." Praise the name of our Lord. So now when Elisha was, maybe he expected Elisha to come there, bow before him, great captain. God has done a lot of victories with you. But the prophet didn't come out. He sent the servant he has you go and tell him to dip himself seven times in river Jordan. Now the the captain was like this man here. He didn't even come out to greet me again. He's telling me I go to the dirty river of Jordan. Maybe it was like n channel where every garbage and waste flows through to said, "But we have better rivers in Syria, clean water, better places of worship, better places, you know, furnished." But the prophet told him, "Go to Jordan." The man was so furious. How could he make me do such a thing? Let us go to second kings chapter 5. Praise the name of God. And then verse 9. So the Bible says, "So Nan came with his horses and with his chariot and stood at the door of the house of Elisha. And Elisha sent a messenger unto him, saying, "Go and wash in Jordan seven times, and thy flesh shall come again to thee, as and thou shalt be clean." Praise the name of our Lord. How difficult was it to go to Jordan and dip yourself? For many years, the man had suffered with leprosy. Maybe he tried to use this lotion. He tried to use this treatment. All didn't work. Just like the other woman with a blood issue, the Bible says she had spent all her living and she was not made anything better by the physician. But then go faith got into her heart. He said if but I can touch the hem of his garment. How hard was that? Praise the name of our Lord. So you see and you know brother Brandham teaches us that God hides himself in simplicity things that a despise is where God hides himself and then he reveals himself in the sin and you can imagine God put that in brother Brham's heart to preach a message of God hiding himself in simply ity praise the name of our Lord and telling them we are looking at you know the revealing of the seals but then you shouldn't go far God hides himself in simplicity praise the name of our Lord and so now before he would preach the seven seals he had to prepare the hearts of the report. Praise the name of our Lord about what the Lord how the Lord handled things. And so he took a service and then he preached about God hiding himself in a simplest way on a Sunday morning service. Praise the name of our then the following day on Monday started the revealing of the seal. Praise the name of our Lord. Now just before we go further in that n issue. Brother Brandham says in the message a greater witness. He says and then those people look to that old fisherman. And you know what they did? If they they had have had some great degree to go by, he would have had something to glory in. But God took nothing and made something out of it. That is the way God does. Just takes nothing to make something. And when you being when you can become nothing in your own sight, you are becoming something in God's sight. And always remember this friends. The way up is down. Obedience. Humility. And to be obedient shows that you are humble. Praise the name of the Lord. That's an expression of humility. So he says the way up is down. He that exalts himself shall be ab that humbles himself shall be exalted. So just love him with all your heart and forget all you ever know about other things but Jesus Christ. Just go ahead and love him and work for him and serve him. If he wants you to be the [Music] doat, well, you just be the do. It's whatever he wants you to do, do it. Praise the name of God demands obedience. It was not difficult for to go and dip himself in the river seven times. So simple. But say let us get back to our scripture where we've read in in 2 Kings chapter 5. Elisha told him, "Go and dip yourself seven times in the river and you'll be clean." There was an assurance that when you do this, you're going to get this something you have taken your whole lifetime without achieving it. Praise the name of God. And that's the same thing with even the Holy Spirit. When you obey the word of God, it is certain that the Lord fills you with the Holy Spirit. It's not difficult. It's not rocket science. It's not something that is far away from you, but it's something that's right before. Just obey and then the Lord will do what he has promised. Praise the name of our Lord. There's another quote I want to get to again in the message what visions are. Praise the name of our lord. Now brother Brandham says I just want to read a small portion says we are unworthy to ask this you know he was praying for the handkerchiefs and then he was quoting that how they took you know they took aprons from the body of Paul and then they would put on the sick and they would recover and then he said Lord we are doing this we are not St. Paul, but you have done it. Praise the name of our Lord. And then brother Brham explains that Paul was doing this maybe because he saw Elijah telling the servant, take this stuff and put on the dead body and we recover. And then brother Brham says because Elijah knew that whatever he touches is blessed. Praise the name of we need to be the same thing that my life is blessed. Whatever I touch is blessed. Whatever I say is blessed. Praise the name of our Lord. That shows the Lord is with you continuously. That should be our Christian life. that even at your place of work, somebody can have confidence in you and when you pray for them, they're going to be healed. Praise the name of our Lord. That shows the Lord is with you. Praise the name of the Lord. It's not something that is farfetched. Christian life is a reality in our lives, something that's so real to us. Praise the name of the Lord. So then he says we are unworthy to ask this. There is no good thing about us but it's because you have bid us to do it. So you are depending upon his word and so if you're depending upon his word you are obedient to that. Praise the name of God. Then he says just like the serpent on the pole, it says there was no virtue in the serpent or the pole. You know when the children of Israel were in the wilderness and then you know they rebelled against God and God set serpents in the camp and many of them were dying. So the Lord told Moses, "Make a brassen serpent, put it on a pole, and lift it up in the camp." And then he told Moses, "Whatsoever shall look at that breast serpent shall be healed." Now, brother Brandham is saying, Paul never had any power. The the serpent never had any power. It was just brass. But then where the power was was in obedience. Praise the name of it was all about obedience. So he says just like the serpent on the pole. No virtue in the serpent. But obedience is what brought result. Trust and obey. Praise the name of our Lord. Obedience is what brought the result. Obedience to the word. And sometimes we despise being obedient. Praise the name of our Lord. And then sometimes we despise being obedient to our parents. Sometimes we we despise being obedient to the council that is given to us. I know I'm going to take my And many times we get ourselves into trouble. Praise the name of our Lord. Like sometimes we have scenarios. Praise the name of our Lord. Like here we are a church. We are a family. Praise the name of our Lord. And then there's the leadership that the Lord gives us here as a local city. And then you come to the pastor and you ask him about this and he gives you counsel and then you debate over it and then you go to another one and ask he gives you another okay and you get yourself lost there this way you're picking this advice you're picking the other Gandhi Praise the name of our Lord. Now like here, praise the name of our Lord. We preach what we believe the word says. Praise the name of our Lord. Like there was a scenario. We believe the way the scripture says, praise the name of our a minister should marry a virgin. Praise the name of our God. Now, of course, you'll go somewhere else, maybe some other method church, and you'll be told something different. Ah, that one was for the Old Testament. But the question is, why did God tell brother when he was still young, don't smoke, don't defile yourself, don't drink. If it didn't matter, why did he tell him to do that? Don't foricate. Don't commit adultery. Don't drink. Don't smoke. It was for the Old Testament. Why could you tell him that? Proverb. He was not born again. He didn't know much about God. And whenever he tried to go beyond those bounds, then the angel of the Lord will come for Now, so somebody gets into that kind of dilemma. There they say this, the other pastor says this. I'll go with the other one what he say. You know that kind of debating and so you find yourself you are stuck and at the end of the day you can't be helped. And so many people get themselves hanging there. Praise the name of our Lord. He wants to compare what you preach here. The other one preaches. Praise the name of our Lord. But you see, it's about obedience. Elisha told, "Go and dip yourself in Jordan." Elisha had conviction. Elisha had certainity that when you go and deep in Jordan, you'll be made whole. And then N was wrothful. Why is he sending me to that dirty river? Why are they telling us this old time religion? Why are they telling us this kind of obedience is very important. So he says, let us go back to second Kings chapter 5 and then verse 11. But N was wroth and went away and said, behold, I thought he will surely come out to come and stand before me. I'm a captain. I'm a big person. But here you are before God. Be humble. Praise the name of the Lord. Allow the counsel of God. Praise the name of the Lord. If the instruction is this way, then why do you want to go another way? take soul. The instruction was go and destroy everything, all the people, all the animals. So now when Saul got into this country, he spared the king. He killed all the other people. And then when they came to the ship, whatever was very healthy, ah this one is going to survive. They kill those which are funny or looking bad. But then the ones which were attractive to them. We are going to save this one. So he brought everything. And then the Lord says, why has Saul disobeyed my wife? Praise the name of why as if not obeyed my voice I've sent him out he went and did his own things and then the Lord said he has not followed my commandments you know and then it grieved the prophet Obedience is very important. Praise the name of God. Obedience is very important. You know, obedience can be talked about in so many different things. Praise the name of our Lord. Like now we had a wedding and this were making vows in sickness, in good health. in poverty, in riches, and then there are trials that the Lord permits to check you people. Will you stand by your marriage vo? These days my husband doesn't have a job. So you separate. These days my husband is too sick. So you separate. Ah, my wife doesn't give birth. Let me look for an alternative. You're not obedient to the voice. But you committed yourself into it obedience. So now Saul, he was made a king by God. So he had to obey the one who gave him that leadership. And Saul went and did these other things. And then Samuel told him, you know, you were picked up and told to do this. Why did you reject the voice of God? Praise the name of the Lord. So it said something with N was angrier. This man should have come to me and salute me. Oh, captain, you're a great man. But the man has leprosy. He's a sinner. Leprosy stands for sin. And it needs the blood of Jesus Christ. The same thing with us, our leprosy. let us bring it in and dip it in the blood of Jesus and we shall be made whole but you say no I I don't think I should do that kind of thingy remains the sin remains praise the name of now so n was very rough and said I thought we come and stand call on the name of his lord strike his hand over the place and recover the leprosy. That was his mind. But when you come to God, don't come with your alternative. I have this option. I have this alternative. I have this alternative. Let us not be like Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. You know Lot when the angels went into Sodom, the angel told him, "Run to the mountain." Lot as an alternative, "No, my master. No my lord, let me go to this city." The man was bound by city life. Bound by that kind of condition. Moreover, the cities he wanted to go to, they also under judgment. The angel is telling him, "Run to the mountain." He's saying, "No, I want to stay alive." Lord, Lord, until the angel said, "Okay, go." And then he told them, "But as you are going, don't look back." Ah. And then the wife said, "Ah, the things I have there." She turned. Pill of salt. She disobeyed. She was still being taken up by the things she has left. She had an alternative. But then when we come to the Lord, let us be obedient to the word. Praise the name of the Lord. The Lord has told us, let us cut off deceit. Let us cut ourselves off. If the word of God tells us, don't associate with wrong company. Say they are my friends. I like them. There is a danger coming along the way. Something is coming. Praise the name of our Lord. Like there's a scripture I read yesterday in the morning exaltation. Praise the name of our Lord. I believe we can pick it up. It's in the book of 2 Coronicles. Praise the name of our Lord. 2 Coronicles chapter 25 and then verse seven. I believe each of us I don't know those who are on WhatsApp WhatsApp. Praise the name of the Lord. We we have a church forum whereby every morning we have a daily exaltation. in the morning for about 10 to 20 minutes or 25. Take your time and be participating in this. Be listening to these things and it will help your spiritual life daily. Praise the name of you know there are so many things that the Lord speaks to us that will help us overcome our weakness. So take interest. Praise the name of Allah. If you are not on that forum, you can at least maybe get in touch with us. You can either contact brother Wilson giving them your details actually. I hope is an administrator and I think William is also an administrator administrator so that you can be part of the church group and take your time and listen to them. Take your time listen to them to help you. Now if the Lord is telling you don't be company with wrong companies. I know they are my friends. I love them. They are good. But the Bible is telling you don't be equally yolked to unbelievers. And now your best friend is an unbeliever. Your best counselors and unbelievers you are in the trouble here now. Then he says to wait with the old children of Ephraim. But if thou will go, see, he's saying, okay, you can make a decision. You can make a decision of rebelling. You can make a decision of dis of not of doing what the Lord has saying. Be ready for the results. That's the thing. He said, "But if you go be strong for the battle, God shall make you fall before the enemy. For God has the power to help and to cast down." So obedience is very important. When the Lord tells us something, let us be obedient to what the Lord is saying. Praise the name of our Lord. That is where we can be blessed of the Lord. When we obedient to his word. So was Roth. Why didn't this man come? Praise the name of our Lord. Let us go back to that scripture. Second Kings chapter 5 and then verse 12 he says are not Abna and Pa rivers of Damascus better than all the waters of Israel? May I not wash in them and be clean? So he turned and went away in rage. He went away. He went with his leprosy. Can you imagine how pride can makes people miss things of God? I cannot but it's for your good. Praise the name of the Lord. It's for your good. They are telling you this. Say, "No, I'm not going to do it." And so you get stuck in illustration and then you find that something is affecting you continuously, you draining you. Why do you want to reach being bedridden? That's when you remember to be obedient. You don't need to reach that level. Praise the name of the Lord. You don't need to reach that level whereby the situations become worse. The damage is big. And you know there are some damages beyond repair. There are some damages beyond repair. So don't get yourself in that kind of situation with damage beyond repair. Of course you may be forgiven but you may not be justified. It remains you did it. It gets stuck in you. It actually kind of sometimes you know offends you. [Music] But you have been forgiven. But the thing you have done still haunts you. Don't allow to go beyond damage, repair that you find it, you know, I don't know, I can do this. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, like the Bible says, a man goes out with a neighbor's wife He's burning his chest. It is some reproach you can't get rid of. Praise the name of the Lord. Even now our young sisters. Praise the name of the Lord. It's messing up your life. Don't allow to involve yourself with any man. and you're not married. It is something that you damage yourself. You are forgiven. But that act praise the name of the Lord. So you don't allow to go beyond. Then they tell you don't be equally yked with unbeliever. Ah they are my best friend. or maybe a married person. You are closer to another man than your husband. You are closer to another woman than your wife. There's something wrong. Praise the name of our Lord. So we need to see that we don't allow the devil to take a hold of our lives. Praise the name of our Lord. So here God told If you go with that company, if you do contrary to the word of God, be ready. Be strong. But know that the Lord can cast you down. He can help you when you obey. But when you don't obey, say, "Okay, you take your course." Praise the name of Jesus. We need to be obedient. Praise the name of Lord. So he went away furious. Now what they are telling me, praise the name of there was a brother and then he was telling the sister, you know, he went and told the sister. So she called and then the other one told her. So she called and then the other one told her, "If you're going to the pastor, don't tell him about me and you." And so when she came in, she didn't say anything. That's where the problem was speaking half truth but others they avoid it and at the end of the day this one even leaves the message damage very dangerous if somebody is telling you I don't Why would they want you? Don't don't Why would somebody stop you from going to the pastor? Don't associate with the pastor. Don't tell him anything. And then fire keeps on burning, something keeps on growing. It brings destruction. Very dangerous conditions. But because of being disobedient, you don't want to obey. You have taken a certain company and then they take your mind, take your feelings, take your thoughts and you can't no more hear the word, you don't hear any advice. Maybe when you you get yourself stuck there, then now you start calling back. Let me try to go back. And sometimes you hear nothing much can be done. And maybe you can say may God give you the grace. Praise the name of sometimes those things are hard. You've got yourself messed up. You just say, "Well, God has grace. Just depend upon the Lord. We need to be obedient to the word and not having you know channels alternatives. If pastor tells me this, I'll go somewhere else. These ones they will tell me this. But even the other thing I'm not enough. I can do my decision fine decision. But the leprosy remained until actually the servants of Nan told him in verse 13. And these servants came near and spoke unto him and said, "My father, if the prophet had b thee do some great thing, would you not have done it? How much rather dain when he says to thee wash and be clean be obedient and you see the good results. They canled [Music] him. It's simple. Praise the name of Lord. Then he went down and he dipped himself seven times in Jordan according to the saying of the man of God. And his flesh came again like unto the flesh of a little child, and he was clean. Praise the name of Lord. The results of obedience Just obey. It's so difficult. Praise the name of the Lord. The Lord is not asking for something too hard, but is something that is before us. You know what the Bible says. Let us go to Romans chapter 10. Praise the name of our Lord. Romans chapter 10. And then we read in verse I believe verse six. But the righteousness of faith speaketh on this wise, say not in your heart, who shall ascend into heaven, that is to bring Christ from above. Oh, who shall descend into the deep, that is to bring up Christ again from the dead. But what say it? The word is near you, even in thy mouth, and in thy heart. And that is the word of faith which we preach. Be obedient to it. It's not far. Praise the name of the Lord. So near. Be obedient. The word says be obedient to your parents. Be obedient to your parents. Even when your parents are not believers. They don't know better than you know. Your parents maybe they are not educated but they don't understand our our our technology the modern life. They are your parents. If your mother is a witch or your mother is a prostitute she's your mother respect as your parent. If your father is a a murderer, your father is a robber, he is your father, give him your respect as your father. What we tell you, don't do the evil things he does, but he's still your father. He's still your mother. Like now, Noah drunk and you know, he undressed himself, but it was foolishness. for him to go and laugh at his neighbor. He made a mistake. The father made something which is not good. But it's not for you to start going against your father, shaming him all over. Praise the name of our Lord. I don't believe you'll be happy even to talk about it. You just say, "Lord, have mercy upon my father. have upon my mother. Praise the name of God. So one thing is when the Bible says obey your parents, obey them. Then the Bible says obey your masters. Don't say my master is not a believer. You only want to obey those who are believers. The Bible says give them the respect be obedient. You see that obedience is required everywhere. At our homes, we need obedience. At our places of work, we need obedience. At school, we need obedience. Even at church, we need obedience. And amongst ourselves, it's also required. Praise the name of our Lord. So let us go to Deuteronomy chapter 30 and then verse 12. Praise the name of our Lord. Deuterontormy chapter 30 verse 12. The scripture says, okay, let us start from verse 11. For this commandment which I command you this day is not hidden from you. Neither is it far off. That's what he's saying before you easy. It is not in heaven that you should say, who shall go up to heaven for us and bring it unto us that we may hear it to do it. You know, there are some people unless I say vision from the Lord, I'm not going to do it. Unless I hear the voice of God and do it. Now the Bible is telling you it's not there. It's before you. And the scriptures say in Romans chapter 10 and then verse 78, the word of faith which we preach. It's before us. What to obey? What we are meant to obey has been given to us. Praise the name of our Lord. And then he says, Neither is it beyond the sea. That you should say, you shall go over the sea for us and bring it unto us that we may hear it and do it. But the word is very near to you in your mouth in your heart. Though may do it very near before us. What does it want? Obedience. Praise the name of our Lord. Obedience to the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in John chapter 13 and verse 15, He says, "For I have given you an example that you should do as I have done to you. Verily I say unto you, the servant is no greater than his Lord, neither he that is sent greater than he that sent him. If you know these things, happy are you if you do them. You know them, do them. Be obedient. Praise the name of the Lord. It's not difficult. And let me tell you, when you are obedient, you'll get the peace of God. You have the peace. I have done what the Lord wanted me to do. And it will rejoice your heart, to give you strength, to give you joy. Praise the name of Lord. I obeyed what the Lord has told. Praise the name of Lord. I'll avoid bad companies. Praise the name of the Lord. I will avoid filthy programs. Praise the name of the Lord. I will avoid spending all my time on Tik Tok funny things. You are getting evil spirits. I'll avoid spending all my time on Facebook on funny movies. Obedience, you're protecting yourself. Praise the name of Lord. I'll avoid I'll stop spending all my time things that are not right and I'll put my time into the things that pertain to the kingdom. And then you'll start reaping the benefits. Praise the name of our Lord. I'll avoid praise the name of our Lord. Coming to church on Sunday as a Christian, but I go to place of work as an unbeliever. I'll stop that. Praise the name of the Lord. Obedience. In other words, let me walk the word of God. Let me do everything according to the word of God. Not really just based on something different, but let me do everything according to the plans of the Lord. Praise the name of being obedient that you know you avoid things that are contrary to the word of God. You know the word of God is for our good. Praise the name of the word of God is for our good. And then the Bible says it's not grievious. It bring you joy. Praise the name of the Lord. So you avoid things that are contrary. Praise the name of our avoid company with nonbeliever. Why would I feed from somebody who doesn't believe the message of the hour? Praise the name of our Lord. We have a lunch hour fellowship. Then you put on some FM there. We have the message tap feed on those steps. People have power generation we are in. They are blind through but there is no power. Take it. I take it. I take the name Jesus Christ. If you want a miracle, obey the word of God and the miracle will come. Praise the name of God. Obey the word of God. But you know we have some kind of false comfort motivational preachers. The spirit rose up. We have the message of the hour. Take time and listen to the message. Take time and read the Bible through being a transformation in your life. Praise the name of the Lord. You know the Bible says we are living in perilious times. Dangerous times. You need to be careful what you feed. Praise the name of the Lord. You know there was a prophet called Jeremiah and he went and gave a prophecy. 70 years you in Babylon captivity. They even took the things of the temple. Now what what happened? They organized all the people of Israel and then they brought the princes there. Then they brought the priests there and all the people and they were in the temple. And then the prophet Haniah came said, "Thus says the Lord. two years in Babylon and you'll come back. That was a good message to the people because the other man said 70 years. This one saying two years. Which side would you go? Let us cast lost is the best now. And people goed speaking in tongues. Ah, what a great prophecy. Then they called Jeremiah. He said, "Amen." But he said, "But you is what the Lord said." And Jeremiah had a yoke of wood and Haniah came to prove that God had given him prophets of two years. He got the yoke of wood which Jeremiah had and broke it. The seven years are not there only two years. Everybody was rejoicing. Oh, we have been encouraged. My aunt who went, "Oh, I know she's going to come. My uncle who went to come through says, let us go to Jeremiah 28. Praise the name of our Lord. Jeremiah chapter 28. And then we read that story verse one. And it came to pass the same year in the beginning of the reign of Zedekiah, king of Judah, in the fourth year, and in the fifth month, that Haniah, the son of Usuza the prophet, which was of Gibon, spoke unto me in the house of the Lord, in the presence of the priests and all the people, saying, Thus speaketh the Lord of hosts, the God of Israel, saying, I have broken the yoke of the king of Babylon. Within two years will I bring again into this place all the vessels of the Lord. and carried them to Babylon. And I'll bring again to this place, the son of Johah with all the captives of Judah that went into Babylon, says the Lord, I'll break the yoke of Babylon. Tooth preacher, good message. Then verse 10, then Haniah the prophet took the yoke from off the prophet Jeremiah's neck and broke it. And spoke in the presence of all the people, saying, "Thus says the Lord, even so will I break the yoke of Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, from the neck of all the nations within the space of two full years." And prophet Jeremiah went his way. Those preachers not based on the word, not based on the revealed word of the day. What can excite you? I felt nice. You're living in sin. You go into the presence of God and you have no conviction. Something wrong. The word of the Lord came unto Jeremiah verse 12. The prophet after the prophet had broken the yoke from off the neck of prophet Jeremiah saying, Go and tell her saying, "Thus says the Lord, you have broken the yolks of wood, but you shall make for them the yolks of iron." Iron. What is it? upgrading the punishment. So when you hear s preachers, taking you away from the word of God, they are hardening your heart. Praise the name of Lord, they are hardening your heart until the Bible says seed with a hot iron. You know that that one can is as hard as Pharaoh is hard regardless of what Moses was doing. He just kept on hardening himself, hardening himself, hardening himself. And the Lord kept on upgrading the punishment. Praise the name of the Lord. starts at this level. This man refuses. He goes further. He refuses. He goes further. He refuses. He goes further. Then he said, "Now it's now death." The firstborn died. But he didn't need to lose his firstborn child. He needed to be obedient at the beginning. Let my people go. God let them go for 400 years. Let them go. But he refused. And then when the firstborns were killed, when the children were going, "Ah, let us follow them." Followed hardened heart. When they went into the Red Sea dry and they were drowned. hardiness of heart because of rebellion. God is telling Jeremiah tell you break this yoke of iron. So the condition was upgraded to be harder because of rebellion. So we shouldn't be disobedient to the word of God. We should not be rebellious to the word of God. We get ourselves into more bondage. You get yourself further into bondage when you're disobedient to the word. So now the Bible says in verse 14, he says, "For thus says the Lord of hosts, the God of Israel, I have put a yoke of iron upon the neck of all these nations that they may serve Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon. shall serve him given him the beast of the field. Then said the prophet Jeremiah the prophet here now, "The Lord has not sent you, but you have spoken to these people to trust in a lie. Anything contrary to the message of the hour is a lie. Don't put your faith in it. Don't follow it. Praise the name of our Lord. We have the standard from God. And that's the message of the hour. Stand firm with the message of the hour. Contrary to the message of the hour, put it aside. Otherwise, it increases. It puts you more in bondage. When you rebel against the messenger, praise the name of God. Then he says, "Therefore, thus says the Lord, behold, I will cast thee off from the face of the earth this year. You shall die because you have taught rebellion against the Lord." So if it is contrary to the message, it is rebellion. But why would you go? Why would you be rebellious? Why? Why wouldn't you want to be disobedient to the word of God? And you know the Bible has told us it's not far from us. We have the word. Praise the name of like now have smartphones. Many people have this smartphone. On this phone here, you can have the whole council of God on it. You have the message of the hour. Praise the name of like I have all the message on this in written form and even audio. All of it is here. But if you can find time and ask brother Se because he has been a librarian of the church for many years. He will go and show you what all the message was like those years one message. You have many tips to have the whole message books. All all the what brother Brandham preached. You needed maybe a full car with many boxes. But see how God has brought it to be just here on the phone. But the devil has also give you an alternative. Tik Tok. Tik Tok. Facebook Facebook WhatsApp WhatsApp Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram is it linket linket truth media truth media now that is social media social media but now there's also television there's something Cyrus talked about yesterday no on Friday and I'd never heard about it he said those days there were televisions when you were The picture is clear. When you go near to it, you see boxes, boxes, boxes. You know, like people are teaching who are being taught fine art, they first draw boxes. Then they try to measure the figure they want to do. This dot and now this face is like this. Then the eye will be in this box. And then in technology they call them I think it pixels. Now he was telling us that nowadays there are televisions 4K I didn't know about that when your fight is clear when you reach it it's clear so we can have like now you got somebody sitting is having a TV as big as this wall but the man is in a sitting room. What is this? Just that. Then you start wondering spend all the night there, there. But we have all the council of God on here. Take most of the time on. And God will deliver you from rebellious spirits, from enticing spirits, from contrary things. Praise the name of God. So you see Hana to rebellion. Praise the name of our Lord. But we need to be obedient to the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. This how I can wind up. Praise the name of the Lord. Now in the message the pat Abraham he says and in thy seat shall all the nations of the earth be blessed because you have obeyed my voice. Then brotherham says what a promise because of obedience. Obedience is what God wants. It was once said, "Obedience is better than sacrifice. To obey the Lord is better than any sacrifice that you could do." Praise the name of Lord. We are called to be obedient. Be obedient to the word even sometimes when it seems it is hard. Be obedient to the word. Praise the name of our why would you want to take corners alternatives be obedient to the word of God. And then brotherham says, "And when God expects you to do a special thing, it demands a complete separation from any doubt. You've got to come to full obedience. To obey what he says, God demands it. You can't do it no other way. Praise the name of God demands obedience. Praise the name of Let us speak the scriptures and then we close. There are many things I couldn't reach today but I believe God has given us something to go with. Amen. Amen. It says in Psalms 119 and then verse 159 I beheld the transgressors and was grieved because they kept not thy word. Psalms 119 verse 158. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to keep the word of God. Be obedient to the word. Sometimes you may not understand it. Be obedient like how can this be? Be obedient. If he has said it, follow it. And when the Lord tells us anything, just be obedient. I will give you the ability to perform it. He gives us the grace. Praise the name of John 15 and verse 9. He says, "As the father has loved me, so have I loved you, continue ye in my love. If you keep my commandments, you shall abide in my love, even as I kept my father's commandments. and abide in his love. So when you obey the word of God, abide in his love, obedience will bring the love of God. Praise the name of you want God to love you. Be obedient to his word. Follow what the word is telling you to abide in his word. Then he says in verse 11, "Things have I spoken unto you, that my joy might remain in you and that your joy might be full. How? Be obedient to the word of God. The joy of God will be the joy of the Lord will be full and the Bible says the joy of the Lord is my strength. Be obedient to the word. Then he says, "This is my commandment that you love one another as I have loved you. Greater love has no man than this that a man should lay down his life for his friends. You are my friends. If you do whatsoever I command you, Friendship with Jesus. How does it come? Obedience. Be obedient to the word of God. Be a friend of God. Abraham was called a friend of God. Because he obeyed the word of God. Obey the voice of God. Even sometimes in the midst that you find the thing is not applicable, be obeyed. We are called to obedience. Praise the name of God. You want to be a friend of God, be obedient to the word. You want to abide in the love of God, obedience to the word of God. You want to be full full of joy of God. Be obedient to the word of God. You want to see results in your life. Be obedient to the word of God. Everything is tied on obedience. Be obedient. That's all. N's recovery was based on obedience. Be obedient. Don't be rebellious. Don't be with a stony heart. Don't be with a stubborn spirit. But be obedient to the word of God. And then you will see the grace of God that will come in your life. You see the grace of God that will come in your family. You see the grace of God that will come at your place. because you found favor before the Lord obedient to the word of God. Praise the name of we actually when we stray when we are not obeying the word of God. You'll get a lot of troubles. You'll get a lot of obstacles. You'll be entangled. So many things entangle you. The thing entangles you entangle you entangle you because you're not obedient. Praise the name of God. But we need to be obedient to the word of God. Amen. May God bless you. Amen. Amen. Let us sing the song as the song leader comes. There's an arrangement that for the funeral to go to the two barriers that's from then again to 20,000 instead of 12,000. Praise the name of our lord. So let us sing this song as the song reader comes and I want us to take time and pray. Amen. Amen. Okay. Okay. Brother David is saying that the roots have been separated. Praise the name. But we shall get all the details outside. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us sing that song. I shall not be moved. Praise the name of the Lord. When I'm obedient to the word of God, I shall not be moved. Amen. Amen. Psalm 61. Let us stand up. Jesus is my shall not be moved. In his love and favor, I shall not be just like a tree that's planted by the water. I shall not be Oh, I shall not be shall be. I shall not be more. I shall not [Music] be a tree that's planted by thou or die. I shall not in my Christ abiding. I shall not be whole. In his love I'm hiding. Just like the tree that's planted by the water. Th shall lord me. If I trust him ever, I shall not be he will fail me never. I shall not be just like the tree as planted by the wood. I shall know thee. I shall know. I shall not be. I shall know. I shall not be just like planted by the world. I shall not be born is what I'm feeling. I shall not be is the one that's leading. I shall not be just like the tree that's planted by the water. [Music] I shall know the glory. Hallelujah. I shall not guide. [Music] I shall not be just like the tree that's planted by the old I shall not be I [Music] shall I shall I shall I shall Oh no, just like the tree that's planted by the wind. I shall not be in this love. I shall not be in confine. I shall not be moved just like a tree planted by water. I shall not all [Music] hell. I shall not fear you. Jesus will not fail you. I shall not be moved just like a tree that's planted by I shall not be my shall I shall not be more [Music] thy shall I not just like Jesus by I shall not be I shall I shall not be I shall not be I shall Not deep just like a tree that has planted by now. Oh, I shall not dream. Let us sing him 209 as we prepare to speak to the Lord. [Music] Wonder from you. Now I'm coming home. A so [Music] see Lord I'm coming I've wasted many precious [Music] years be brave. Preious. Oh my God. I'm coming home. Now I remain with thee touches. [Music] Oh, I'm coming home. Sing and say coming home. Oh Lord [Music] God [Music] never to [Music] I love so [Music] love. I'm tired of sin and straying. I'm [Music] [Music] ting. I trust I trust thy [Music] love thy word of [Applause] God coming home. Oh Lord coming [Music] home to you to open my Lord down. My only hope, my only dream, my [Music] God, my [Applause] [Music] only now I'm coming home, my Jes. Jesus died and died for me. [Music] Lord, come home. I need his glazing blood. I need his glazing blood. Oh [Music] Lord, wash me thoroughly. Wash me white, oh Lord. Oh, I'm coming home. [Music] Coming. Coming home. Oh Lord, [Music] come home. [Music] What do you do? Oh [Music] w I'm coming home. In reverence, you start to speak to him. Dear Lord Jesus Christ, indeed Lord God, your word is two-edged sword. Father, the father, it discerns, Lord God, even to the intent of the heart. Lord Jesus Christ, we thank you, Father, for the cleansing power, Lord. We thank you father for the word Lord Jesus which speaks better words Lord. Not the words of condemnation Jesus. Not the words father of Lord God making us down down Lord but Lord Jesus the words Lord full of chastisement. The words full of rebuke Lord because Lord Jesus to you Lord God we are children and children Lord they are subject Father to rebuke. Children are subject Father to chastisement Lord. Father, Lord Jesus, we thank you for that hand of grace. Lord, the arm of love, Lord, you've given unto us, Lord Jesus, this afternoon, Lord. We go back, Lord Jesus Christ, crying, Lord, that Lord Jesus, may you reach our areas of need. May you reach our areas of wickedness. Lord, may you reach, Father, our areas, Lord, where we need support, where we need you, Lord God, every time we walk, Lord. Father Jesus Christ, whether Lord God, at night, Lord, at home, whether Lord Jesus, at places of work, whether Lord Jesus, at church, Lord, we need you, Lord God, to walk with us, Lord, to be father, Lord, obedient to thy word. Speak my Lord, speak my Lord, oh Jesus, our ears, Lord, a widely open Father, Lord Jesus. And we pray Lord having heard Lord what what says what th that says the Lord is. We pray Lord Jesus may you come and anoint Father Lord Jesus the word may you come and anoint Lord the preacher Lord Father Lord Jesus what he has taught us Lord that Lord in obedience we may go back Father doing what father the scriptures says. Oh God, I commit father, Lord Jesus, your children, Lord, the weak, Lord, Father, to your hands that the hands of love may mold them again. The hands of love may uphold them, Lord. Father, Lord Jesus, as the prophet says that those children are in the hands of God, and the Holy Spirit is watering them, that none may backs sleep. Oh, I pray father Lord Jesus, may the spirit of God guide your children. May the spirit of God bring comfort to your children. May the spirit of God stay with your children forever. Because Lord, you know the way. And Lord Jesus, your word, Lord, tells us who you are. And father, without your spirit, we cannot discern the things of God. Because the things of God are understood by the spirit of God. Therefore, Lord Jesus, we thank you for the guidance, Lord of the Holy Spirit. We thank you father for the leadership Lord you've given unto us Lord they wield high in subjection father like that Lord Jesus Christ leer when he had not hearkened to the voice of the prophet but there was given he was given counel and father he don't he didn't reject the council he respected father what the council was and this afternoon lord we take charge on the cel of god which has spoken to us Lord that in our areas of weaknesses we need improvement father in our areas of lack Lord where we don't father Lord Jesus do according to what the word says we need your presence Lord that you may come Lord and intervene that you may come Lord Jesus and interfere Lord Jesus with us Lord that you may Lord God break Lord those fellow grounds that you may break Father the stony hearts Lord in return that you may give us Lord the fresh hearts Lord that your word may be engraved to the hearts Lord your word may be written engraved father in our souls that it may be heard that the word is in you the word which we preach Lord Jesus it is your hands that can engrave Lord your word in our hearts by the spirit of God that the intent is Lord that we may weep in the world. Lord, we thank you, Jesus. As we go back home, Lord, may you lead us, Lord, as Lord Jesus, we travel, Lord God, uh to the barrier ceremonies, Lord. May you guide the driver, Lord. And may you take us safely, Lord. And may you comfort, Lord Jesus, those who have lost their beloved ones, Lord. And as we go, Lord, may we take the comfort, Lord Jesus, that we may comfort those. And Lord Jesus, you may do the same, Lord. You give them the spirit of comfort, Lord, that they may no more, Father, Lord, be grieved, Father, but let them rejoice, Lord, at the presence of the spirit of God, not considering the dead, but they may consider the Christ who is living, Lord. I thank you, Jesus. I give you glory and honor. Thank you for the pastor, Lord, who has labored, Lord. May you bless his family, bless his heart, anoint him more and more, Lord, that in he may go and search more, Father, the desires they, you know, Father, what your children would need, Father, for they are the Lord. We thank you, Jesus. We give you glory and honor in the mighty name of our Lord Jesus Christ. Lord, I pray. Amen. the the bride and groom they gave us a cake. So as we go out let us uh the cakes will be provided. you are free to pick one piece. Yes. As we go outside, As we go out, I want to sing that song of Sister Faith as though I sang it. When I'm down in the valley, Lord, when I'm losing my way, remember when I'm down on my knees, Lord. Oh Lord, remember me. Life can have so many crossroads. I find myself sometimes that I'm standing at sea in Pharaoh's bearing down. I have no god to free a cross, but I raise this stuff of faith. And I cry out, "Lord, remember me when I'm down in the valley." Lord, remember when I'm losing my way. Lord, remember when I'm down on my knees. is Lord. Oh Lord, [Music] remember sometimes I take the wrong road and I let the devil know that when you cut my hair, I'm as powerless as any man. And like some s in the due. I'm blinded and scared. But I still cry out for me. When I'm down in the valley, Lord, when I'm losing my way, Lord, when I'm down on my knees, Lord, remember me like h in the temple. Lord like you bless me. Lord remember you remember like Joseph in a forest all this land. Oh Lord remember [Music] me like the three Hebrew children. Lord remember like Daniel in the dead of our life. Lord, you never pray in God's remember when I'm young in the valley.
