################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-04-13 - The Sower Is The Holy Spirit           Pastor Katumba James             13.04. 2025 - Katumba James.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-04-13
Title:   The Sower Is The Holy Spirit      |     Pastor Katumba James     |        13.04. 2025
Speaker: Katumba James
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VVJuWMA-Mtg
========================================

give you what is baby. live by friends for [Music] slo to God. [Music] Word to God's unchanging hand. Build your hopes and things in time. Oh to God are changing. No, I notice [Music] what that be. [Music] seek to guide the heaven trad [Music] [Music] unchanging hand. Go to God's unchanging power. Build your hopes and [Music] things. Go to God's unchanging hand. When your journey is [Music] completed, if to God you have been [Music] true. [Music] Feel home in glory. [Music] all with you. Go to God's unchanging [Music] hand. Oh to God's unchanging hand. [Music] Build your hopes and [Music] things to the unchanging. God bless you. [Applause] Amen. Amen. Yeah. Let's have the last one from brother. Amen. Amen. [Music] I will give [Music] you. God bless you. I have a song to sing for my God. Lately I been winning battles left and right. But even wers can get wounded in the fire. People say that I'm amazing. down beyond my ear, but they don't see the eyes of me. I'm hiding all my tears. They don't know that I come running home when I fall. They don't know who picks me up when no one is around. I drop my sword and cry for just a while. But deep inside is a man. The warrior is a child. They don't knowing home when I fall down. Oh, they don't know who picks me up when no one is around. I drop my sword and cry for just a while. But deep inside this [Music] summer, the warrior is a child. I now friend because the summer is the best. But even so need a quietness to rain. People say that I'm amazing. I never face retreat. But they don't see the enemy that lay me at his feet. They don't [Music] know that I come running home when I fall down. They don't know who picks me up when no one is around. I dropped my sword and cried for just a [Music] while. As deep inside the warrior is a child. Oh, they don't know. They don't know that I come running home for them. Oh, they don't know. Don't know. Makes me up when no one is around. So I drop my soul and cry for just a while. [Music] The deep inside is this. The morning deep inside is our morning deep inside. [Music] with you [Music] inside. God bless you. [Music] Amen. Let's have brother William. [Music] A bride oh the last age to the west of time when so many is slipped away your take your seat beside our throne. [Music] God bless you. Have a few testimonies here. This comes from our precious brother. He says, "God bless you, saints. I greet you all in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. I thank the grace of God that has held me after a great tragedy after a great [Music] tragedy that happened through the course of the week. I lost my beloved grandmother on the 5th last Saturday and before that we had lost the mother to brother even lost his [Music] beloved. So I departed to go from the barria. [Music] It was a hard time for me and it was challenging. All of a sudden, when we had finished, the burial of my beloved grandmother, we received a phone call that my grandmother had died. The stepmother to my mother again. Mhm. But I thank God for his grace that enabled to stand as a warrior in Christ with gratitude. I thank pastor James Kumba stood with me in this tragedy and others who stood with me in prayer. Not forgetting brother to comfort me and he says yours in Christ brother Joshua. Amen. Amen. That's why he sang that song, a warrior. This comes from our brother Matianka. He says, "I greet you brethren in the name of the risen Lord Jesus Christ. Glory to the master who exalted himself on 1st April 2025 by turning the severe and fatal accident into a mishap by turning the severe and fatal accident. Okay. Before this incident, a certain mechanic went to repair a car model, but he failed to examine the faults on the car. He was referred to me, but after having addressed the fault of the car, The owner was rejecting to pay the [Music] expenses. So the mechanic who referred me the car told me to drive the car to the garage. [Music] But I hit a man carrying a woman. because the braking system instantly failed. I thought I had been I thought they had been so much injured or killed after having been hit by the car. I got out of the car and took off. As many were gathering around the scene, it was not easy to escape. But I thank God that they were not so much injured. It was it was God's intervention that protected and saved me from such a would be greater [Music] case and he says may God bless you. This is brother Matianka. He may be in the background. Yeah. God bless you brother. Uganda. This comes from the family [Music] of Steven. It says, "Greetings to you all in the precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ." Family, we take this opportunity to extend our sincere appreciation. first thanking the Lord for the victory. He bestowed unto us and he took us through our introduction and in a special way. We would love to extend our sincere appreciation to the following for standing with us closely through the functions brother and the wife and the wife and family and family. Sister Faith Kimori Faith Kimori Sister Brother and family and family Jeremiah and family and family, brother Joshua Margaret Margaret family, [Music] the music team, brother Moses and brother and the rest of the brethren for the constant support through prayer. Support through the pledges you [Music] made towards our cause towards our cause and the constant advisers rendered to us. May God bless you and supply your needs according to his riches and glory. supply from where you took from to support us yours in Christ and family. May God bless you. Amen. [Music] Amen. Amen. Yeah. We thank God for this day. and also appreciate God for those testimonies. Yeah, that's the way we be doing things. I couldn't handle that. But thank you, brother [Music] William, but thank God for that. Yeah. Let's do one song here as we [Music] offerings. Give me your [Music] song. Do you have a nearby mic there? That's why I [Music] sing shall sing it as we get our [Music] offerings. Amen. Amen. As brother will be preparing to give a prayer after Yeah, we all come to [Music] serve. That's why I sing. That's why I pray. Every day, every morning, that's why I [Music] sound. That's why I worship you. Mighty God and the King of Kings. You're my redeemer. You're my protectorator. They are now we lift your name. You are my sher. You are my keeper who delivers me from the evil [Music] hand. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. My God for new me. My God ordained me. Breest in before the wall was made. I am for him. is for me before the sun and stars with me. I'm not for now. I'm not for years made by God. That's why I sing. That's why I pray every day every morning. That's why I [Music] sound. That's why I worship the mighty God and the King of Kings. You're my redeemer. You're my protector. May and I will lift your name. You are my sheer. You are my king. who deliver me from the evil hand. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Oh thank you Lord husband of Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. [Music] Yeah. Thank you Lord. We thank you and appreciate you father for always loving us Lord. Amen. And always Father you make us go through situations father. Father you are training us Lord and preparing us father for taking us away from this world. We pray as we move in this journey Lord you may cover us with your special grace father amid this all that happens Lord may you make us understand my father and give us the strength father Lord to be loving to our brethren's father to do the needful my God to show my father Lord my Jesus to one another father because that's what you called us for my God we do appreciate you this morning father we are so hopeful father Lord that you are coming to visit us Lord May you open our eyes father that we can see you father. Lord, this particular moment, Father, your children have gathered again thy house, Lord, with offerings, Father, and ties, my God, I pray that you may bless them, my father, bless the hands which are brought in, Lord, and even those who have not managed, Father, Lord, may you bless them, Lord. Next time, Father, they will bring in my father. And even Lord as my father your service goes on Lord may you continue Jesus Lord blessing us Lord in Jesus name I pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you brother. Amen. Amen. Yeah. Give me that song which says blessed be the rock. I know we go through a lot but as Christians we should always rejoice in the Lord. Amen. Amen. So I request that you get up on your feet and we bless the rock of our salvation this morning. Lay aside your burdens, all the trials, just cast every weight unto Jesus. Blessed be the Lord. Well, blessed be the Lord of my salvation. The Lord. Oh blessed be the blessed be the singana. [Music] Blessed be the blessed be [Music] my magnify the Lord for he is worthy to be praised. Magnify his name this morning. [Music] Hallelujah. His name is we sing. Ohana. [Music] [Music] Bless. Oh, blessed be his name. He is the provider of [Music] our Jehovah. [Music] Oh [Music] my god. [Music] [Music] the [Music] my moment. Oh, I'm alive. I want you Heat. Heat. before Jesus. Oh, [Music] I surely My sh I shall forever forever. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh. Oh. I will follow you. I will. Oh Jesus. I will [Music] stop. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Amen. Praise the name of our Lord. Amen. Let us pray. Father, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, we want to thank you Lord for this morning. the privilege that you've given unto us Lord that Lord we can come into your [Music] presence. You said where two three are gathered in your name you will be there in their midst we believe you are here in our midst. We thank you for the praise and worship. Thank you for the tithes and [Music] offerings. We also want to thank you father for the testimonies. Now we want to thank for the word that we are going into come and speak to our hearts father and use us for the glory of your holy name. Remember our pastors and ministers. Father we may use them in such for the grow of your holy name us all together Lord in the name of the Lord Jesus. Amen. You may be seated. I greet in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. You are all welcome for today's service. Praise the name of our Lord. It's a good morning. Praise the name of the Lord. I've actually seen Victor, but I'm not seeing Steven. He's right here. Congratulations. We're happy that they with us today. Victory gave Steven many titles. When I was calling Steven, I told him and I forgot others. I just pray they keep up in that love. Praise the name of our you know when you are loving one another in marriage you don't grow old or you don't get fed up of one another praise the name of you not be complaining of your wife not be complaining of your husband even if the issues are serious you learn to bear with one another doesn't mean that you don't disagree But the Bible says, don't allow the sun to go over your anger if you're angry. In other words, don't hold anger for the whole day, but learn to be forgiving. Then you saw you can age together. Praise the name of God. Because as you go on, you find that you're only two people at home. If you are hating one another, I don't know you're going to live in the same house. Praise the name of our Lord. So, we just learned to see that, you know, as married people, just keep on loving one another. Praise the name of our Lord. So, our brother Dan is not around with his wife. They traveled to Numar yesterday and you know when the mother-in-law wanted him to go when the mother-in-law Grace's wife wanted them to go so Dan every time escorts the wife to the in-laws place then I told them you keep in that kind of have. Praise the name of our Lord. Let families be something which we would love to have. Not again the parents be afraid about their daughter going away or the parents be afraid of their son is going to be taken by another woman or another family. But just to know that we become one when we marry. Praise the name of God. So today we have a sister called Judith. Judith from Wing. If you can stand up, you're [Applause] welcome. She came with our children. Last time when we had the funeral in [Music] in brother Danala from Campala told me that he witnessed to a certain family and then he baptized them in the name of Jesus Christ and told me that one of them is she lives in and so he made me get in touch with her. So we receive to be part of us. Amen. Amen. Our pastor is not around today with his wife. Just keep him in your prayers. He will not be around until next month. So just keep praying for him. Today we'll be ministering in the church of brother Boris. Boris. Their brothers we had there many years ago who came from Congo. So they received him in Canada. So just keep him in your prayers. Praise the name of our Lord. So today we have two services. We have this morning service then the afternoon service starting at 3 to 5. Then after that we have the Lord's supper. Praise the name of our Lord. So we wish to all of us participate in them. Then next Sunday is Easter. We shall have only one service here. Praise the name of our Lord. Then another thing which others should get to know on 18th of May. We want to have a handover function. We shall have a service here at church and then some of the brethren will be making their kind of remarks. Those who have been around for some time, some are not with us now. And then in the lunch time, we shall have lunch all of us together. And then we shall have the function outside the church in the afternoon. We expecting about 600 people. They may even be more. We don't know. But we're trying to say that we budget for that. So in that regard we started a handover group that's on WhatsApp. WhatsApp. So if you're not part of the group at least you can approach you can approach I think William Wilson or brother David or myself that you are part of it. Praise the name of our lord. So that's one thing I we should also know. Then in the holidays of children, I think it will start at the end of this month or early next month, we shall be having afternoon services especially for the youth every Sunday in holidays. So we shall just see that we take time with the young people how close we can get to them and how best we can help them because the pressures of the day are not as they were before. Praise the name of our lord. It's also that we say that we pray for it. Then another thing which I wanted also to call at your attention to every morning we have morning exaltations most especially from when Monday up to Friday or Saturday remember from January we've been talking about different scriptures and then on Friday we were to end on the divine nature. But then tomorrow with effect from tomorrow, we want to start the church age book. The seven church age book. So I don't know how many people don't have seven church age. You can just raise your hand personal copy if you don't have English Uganda. If you don't have, you can just raise your hand. I believe everybody has got because we have those books with us, English copies and then Luganda copies and I would urge that we start reading those books. I don't know how long we may take on the seven church age book. We just need to see because the time we have here at church is just not enough. So we're trying to see avenues of where we can go on studying the word of God continuously. And perhaps if you're not on the church WhatsApp group WhatsApp, you can also get to us and then we can make you part of it so that you take be consistent with what we are studying. Praise the name of our Lord. So before you go to the reg invite faith, praise the name of our Lord. [Music] [Music] What's happening if [Music] [Music] It's so cool. [Music] [Music] Thank you. [Music] There were so many others that he might have chosen to follow him. Others with learning and greater distinction to follow him. Men with authority and forceful ability. knew how to speak and be heard. I don't know exactly why I'm here at all. But today I follow my Lord. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] It was business as usual. The day Jes come follow me. I left all behind me. The day Jesus said to me, "Come follow me." I emptied myself of my own life completely with no thought that this could be wrong. And as long as I'm [Music] follow the master, then I know I'm where I belong. is I will not for Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. How long does that be? But he chose me to fall. Oh, he touch me. [Music] I could not be following and you shall be. Oh, so strong now. [Music] from now [Music] on. I will not be left behind. But he just needs he just needs to follow him. I will not lose look behind. He chose me. He chose me. to follow. Amen. Praise the name of our Lord. He chose me. Praise the name of our Lord. I believe he chose each and every one of us. I wish we could sing it together. We don't have enough time. Let us stand up. Praise the name of our Lord. He chose me. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us pray again. Father, we thank you Lord that you chose us Lord out of so many. You said many are called and few are chosen. We are here this morning because you've chosen us. We are the elect of God. Elect lady. Thank thee father that even given us the word of assurance. You've given us the earnest of the spirit that we are your children and we are the bride of Jesus Christ. Pray you may speak to us the word of eternal life establish us that father nothing can sway us away from you. We love you and we thank you Lord. In the name of the Lord Jesus, we do pray and ask this. Amen. Amen. Let us go to Revelation chapter 2 and then reading only verse seven. Praise the name of our Lord. So the Bible says, he that has an ear, let him hear what the spirit says unto the churches. To him that overcomemeth will I give to eat of the tree of life, which is in the midst of the paradise of God. Maying of his word be seated. Praise the name of the Lord. I remember more than a month ago I took a morning exultation and then we were talking about the Ser is the Holy Spirit and I want take that subject today this morning. The Ser is the Holy Spirit. And then in the afternoon, God willing, we want to talk about the anointing is not emotions. This afternoon, so now the Ser is the Holy Spirit. Praise the name of our Lord. You see in this scripture, he says, "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the spirit says to the churches." And now the ear is an inside ear. And that year are those people who have been chosen are those people who have been elected who have the ability to hear what the Lord says. Not everybody has the ability to hear what the spirit says. There are people who go to theological schools and then they can read from Genesis to Revelation. And they all you know kind of discussing these scriptures or some can even write books about the scriptures. They take their good time studying it. But you see if they don't have that ear from God know what God has ordained inside of them they cannot hear. Therefore, the seed of life can never be settled in their lives. Praise the name of Lord. You know, a good example is here. When Paul was moving from Jerusalem to Damascus, the Bible says the light shone before them and then they all fell to the ground. Paul had soldiers with him. But it's only Paul who understood what the voice was saying. I believe the other soldiers went back and did their work as soldiers as temple guards. But then Paul had a personal revelation. And then the Bible says he was blind. And when he was cast blind, they just led him by the hand to the city. And then he was in the city three days praying and fasting. Praise the name of our Lord. So it's only Paul who had the voice. It's only Paul had the ear, the ear to hear. Praise the name of the Bible says, "He that has an ear, let him hear what the spirit says unto the churches." So it is the Holy Spirit speaking to the churches. And then what does the Holy Spirit what does he speak to the churches? The Holy Spirit speaks to the churches. The word of God. He does not take his own word. Now in the scriptures here in John chapter 16, praise the name of our Lord. Jesus Christ says in verse 12, I have yet many things to say unto you, but you cannot bear them now. The Lord is saying you have a lot to tell us. You cannot bear them now. And you know what the Lord does? He speaks to us as we have need of. Praise the name of our Lord. He speak to us as we have need of. So he says you cannot bear them now. So then he says, "How bet when he, the Holy Spirit, the Spirit of truth is come, he will guide you into all truth. For he shall not speak of himself, but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak, and he will show you things to come. Praise the name of God. So the Holy Spirit is the swer. Praise the name of God. It's the spirit of God that sws the seed of God. So now you cannot say praise the name of our Lord. Somebody else saw the seed and then somebody else. It is the same spirit. Praise the name of the Lord that sews the seed in the heart and it's the same Holy Spirit that comes behind that seed and gives it life. Praise the name of the Lord because it's the spirit of God speaking to us and you know the spirit of God speaks to us in different ways. The spirit of God can speak to us through a minister. The spirit of God speak to us through somebody else. The spirit of God speak to us through the Bible. The spirit of God speak to us through the message. The spirit of God speak to us when we are hearing the message. The spirit of God speak to us as an individual. Praise the name of our Lord. The spirit speaks to you. You can hear the voice speaking to you. The spirit of God can speak to you through the vision. The spirit of God can speak to you through the dream. Praise the name of Lord. Like you know when the the the wise men, God spoke to them through a dream. Joseph, God spoke to him through a dream. Praise the name of Lord. Then Mary saw an angel coming. The angel spoke to her. So the spirit of God different ways he can speak to us. And the spirit of God speaks nothing else but the word of God. So now when you hear the word of God, the Holy Spirit speaking to you. Now the question is how far is the Holy Ghost from you. It's all about obedience. Just obey what the spirit is telling you and the spirit himself will come and give life to the word that you've heard. Praise the name of our Lord. So now in verse 14 he says he shall glorify me for he shall receive of mine and shall show it unto you all things that the father has are mine. Therefore said I shall take of mine and show it unto you. Praise the name of the Lord. that the spirit is the swer. He's the one who sws the word of God. Now in the message God commissioning Moses, brother Brham was in prayer now saying, "Our heavenly father, we thank thee tonight for the word." Jesus our Lord said, "Search the scriptures, for in them you think you have eternal life, and the idea which testify of me, and we thank thee for thy written word. And now father we pray that the great swer of all ages the Holy Spirit will show the seed into will sow the seed into the hearts of the people and may it be watered and bring forth a great harvest of the souls and healing for those who are already wfairing men in the forgive us of our many sins and trespasses. We pray that you bless us now and open the word, oh lamb of God. We might read from the Bible, but at the only one who can open the book or lose the seals there slain from the foundation of the world. Help us tonight. May the Holy Spirit take the word of God and place it in every heart just where it is needed. Give us great faith Lord that what we are needing a stimulation of faith is steering. Praise the name of God. He says the Holy Spirit let the Holy Ghost take the word of God. and put it in our heart. So the Holy Spirit is the Ser. So if the word of God to be sown, he has to take the Holy Spirit using any instrument either a minister or through the Bible or through the text or wherever you praise the name of our Lord. The Holy Spirit is the swer. Now, if the Holy Ghost has swed the seed, how will the Holy Spirit refused it to rain? Ask yourself, if the Holy Spirit has sown the seed in your heart, how God say, "I'm not releasing the rain." How would the Holy Ghost say I'm not following that word? It's not possible. Praise the name of it's not possible. So when you receive the word of God, just open up your heart and say, Lord, this is mine. Praise the name of Lord. And then you rejoice at the word of God. Obey the word of God. And then you will see the word being quickened. by the same Holy Spirit that held it in your heart. Praise the name of our Lord. So now the issue of complication about the baptism of the Holy Spirit, it's not there. Praise the name of God. Because it is God himself promised. And when God promises, he does it. What do you do? Be obedient and that's all. Praise the name of our Lord. Be obedient and that is all. And then the spirit comes out and manifest his word in your life. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the parable of the Ser before we got the parable of the Ser let us go back to Revelation chapter 2 in verse 11. So you see that in the church in the church ages it was the Holy Spirit that was speaking the word. In verse 11 was speaking to the church of Sima, he that has an ear, let him hear what the spirit says unto the churches. When it comes to the church of Pgamos, again he says in verse 17, he that has an ear, let him hear what the spirit says unto the church. When he come to the church of Stitus, he again says in verse 29, he hear what the spirit says unto the churches. When he come to the church of Sadis, he says in Revelation 3:6, He that has an ear, let him hear what the spirit says unto the churches when he comes to the church of Philadelphia. Revelation 3:13, he says, "He that has an ear, let him hear what the spirit says." And finally in the Lician church, Revelation 3:22, he that has an ear, let him hear what the spirit says about the churches. So it is the Holy Spirit that has been the swer through all the seven church ages. But then how was the Holy Ghost so in every church age? there was a messenger. And that's why you see that at every introduction of an age like in the in the church age of Ephesus, it says unto the angel of the church of Ephesus. So in each age there was a single man who is the messenger of the age who was receiving a true revelation from God. And the revelation that God was giving each message was what the spirit was saying to that church. But the spirit was sent to that church age. And then brother Brandham tells us the faithful ministers they will go to the messenger and then take what the messenger has told and then broadcast it to others like what we are doing now. We are receiving from the messenger and then giving it to the people. So it is still the same Holy Spirit speaking to us. Praise the name of our Lord. So you see that the order of the Lord, God leads his church. God guides his church by the Holy Spirit. But then God has set men in the church like in Ephesians 4:1. Praise the name of our Lord. Ephesians 4:11. The scripture says, "And he gave some apostles and some prophets and some evangelists and some pastors and teachers." Praise the name of our Lord. So he says he gave some not all. So he chooses a select people for the purpose of the ministry. And then they become the gifts to the church. They become the gifts to the body. And now by the grace that God has given, God is able to use them. Praise the name of our Lord to speak to the body of Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. So in the message the fundamental foundation of our faith, brother Brham says that is right. For it does not lay within man. We are only instruments that the revelation of God can be brought forth through our lips as the Holy Spirit speaks as we yield ourself to him. Then he says, "Many of you ministers here, you don't want to say that you just spitted out a sermon and stood and popped it off. You don't you would want to say it from inspiration. I believe it certainly. Well, it has to come from the Holy Spirit that energizes you to speak that message. If it isn't, you'll never be successful. Praise the name of God. Then he says, "This is Charlesy and so forth." And the man who copied their sermons. And when they got up there and preached it with the inspiration, the Holy Ghost, the same sermon, he preached the night before, hundreds brought to the altar. There is such a difference. is go to be inspired. The Holy Ghost is God to anctionize it. So it is with healing. There's got to be something takes place through a divine gift that will energize the people with the Holy Ghost to believe. Praise the name of God. So the Holy Spirit is the s uses the ministers to sow the word and then when we receive the word we need to obey the word for the word to become alive. Praise the name of our lord. So the spirit of God guides us in everything. Praise the name of our lord. Let us go the parable of the sword. in Mark 13 and then verse three. The Bible says, "And he spoke many things unto them in parables, saying, Behold, a s went forth to s." And when he saw, some fell by the west side, and the falls came and divided them up. And some fell upon stony places where they had not much earth. And forth with they sprung up because they had no deepness of earth. And when the sun was up, they were scorched. And because they had no root, they withered away. And some fell among thorns, and the thorns sprung up and chokeed them. But other fell in good ground and brought forth fruit. Some 100, some 60fold, and some 30fold. Praise the name of our Lord. So he says, "The ser went out to SW." We look at the Holy Spirit. sowing the seed. Praise the name of Lord. Then he say some fell on the west side and then some fell in the stony ground. Some fell in the stony ground and then some fell in the good ground. Praise the name of our Lord. Now when Christ is interpreting that parable, we go further to verse 18. He says, "Hear therefore the parable of the ser." Praise the name of the Lord. Believe I can pick it up in a more clearer place. Luke chapter 8. Praise the name of our Lord. Luke chapter [Music] 8. And then we go to verse 11. He says, "Now the parable is this. The seed is the word of God. The seed is the word of God. The seed is not money. Praise the name of our Lord." Now we have our brother who say, but they meaning money. But here the seed is the word of God. Praise the name of God. The seed is not money. The seed is the word of God. And what is the ground? Verse 12. Those by the wayside. Are they that hear? and cometh the devil and take away the word out of their heart, lest they should believe and be saved. So the the ground is the nature of the heart. What is the condition of your heart? Just as we've come to church this morning, what is the condition of my heart? Now that's where we need to find ourselves. Will the seed sown grow or it will not grow? Because he talks about three kinds of ground the west side. Then he talks about the stony ground. Then he talks about the stony ground. And then he talks about the good ground. Now the condition of your heart, you have control over it that is in your hand. What is the condition of my heart? When I come to the church, am I in expectation when I come to church? I don't know how it's going to be. When I come to church, I just come to come and maybe for a roll call, a show up or when I come to church, do I come to meet friends or when I come to church? Do I come to make business networks? You know there are some people who are smart and he wants you and he knows you pray from the other church says let me go there let me be part of the choir so I can also be known but the target is somebody else or let me go and be an welcome and you only show that person kindness. You know there are some people who are smart. Praise the name of you know some years ago they used to tell us that university students would go to some of those popular churches in Kala was called Pentecostal Church. Now it is. So university students go there and so they know at a certain time Either the pastor will tell them hug one another. So he touches a girl he wants or a boy he wants. When the time comes and then he tells them now we can go out for evangelism and then go two by two and then they start from there just target workers. So you know that heart is a wayside not to receive the seat but to seek their own or when a prominent person comes to this church maybe like we have the mayor or maybe we have a minister he goes to the other church then somebody goes to that church he has to seek appointments or like here in district we have district service commission. So he says the chairperson prays from that church from that church. So he becomes so close but he wants a job. He wants a job for his children for his friends. Just see how he lobbies. People are smart. But when we come to church, let us come to receive the seed of praise the name of above opportunities. Oh, if we have a bank manager and you have a loan, you want a loan. He goes from that church. goes there, sees where he's going to sit, then he goes and sits nearby. Sir, how are you? The service has been good just to make a connection. Some of us cheeky and those who want wives or husbands, they can also do the same. Now for you, you think this brother is so kind to me. Oh, this sister is so kind to me. But you know, things have to be proved. You don't just rush. Praise the name of God. So he says the heart is the condition of the ground. So now when we come to church, what is the condition of our heart? And that's m that matters a lot. Like right now it's raining. You may have a good ground, but as long as the good ground has got weeds, then the seed which is sown will face a lot of competition from the weeds. The thorns, praise the name of our Lord, they will choke it. And you know the seed that fell in the thorny ground was a very danger was a very bad condition because the Bible says it grew up. But now when the time of putting on fruit, the thorns choked it. The thorns choked it. And that's where the problem we have many times. The thorns in our lives they choke this. They choke this. They choke this. Let us take more time on the thorns. Let us read in Luke chapter 8 and then verse 14. And they which fell among the thorns are they which when they have heard go forth. and are choked with cares, riches and pleasures of this life and bring no fruit to perfection. Very unfortunate condition. He says the thorns are the cares. That's one stage of life. Riches, thorns, another stage. Then pleasures another stage. You cannot be troubled by pleasure which cares and then you think about pleasures. You can't. You don't have any money. There's no food at home. There is no treatment. There is no rent, school fees, school fees. And then you say, "Let me go to Chivanda." It's hard. It's another stage. You don't have any money. You'll not think about buying something luxurious. Instead, you look at it as wasting money. You're just wasting money wearing that shirt because you you feel like that's too much. I have better value for it. But you see the devil comes to us at every level of life we are in. When you don't have anything, Satan is there. When you have things, Satan is there. When we have more than you need, Satan is there. So you have to overcome him at every stage of life. When you don't have, the devil can tempt you. Go and steal because you don't have. When you don't have, the devil can tell you you are wasting your time to go to church. Now it has rained today. Why don't you go in your garden? You're just wasting there. You don't yet poor and you think it's a good idea. But the devil cares now the time of service but the customers are coming and then they are calling you all the time. So what can I tell them? You find an excuse like you can come to church and your mind is on the business call. So you the preacher is preaching all the time thinking I put the phone on silent miss thorns. So it is choking the seed. It is hindering you. So you come out immediately. Your mind is not with the people for fellowship but what you've been thinking about trouble of chaos. So then the Bible says it chokes you all the time afraid. We are going to have two services now again. Amen. Then you start looking around for an excuse. But sometimes there's cars. Praise the name of there's a brother I called. Then I asked him, "Brother, what happened? Why were you around for afternoon s?" And even the Lord is up. Then he told me you have to go to look for money for food cares. It's trouble but you know Satan targeted us at every stage. You know the way the Bible say you had enough six days then on Sunday you bring your problem and you can't plan some of those things the other days you know Sunday is the most conducive day ths so they are choking that seed it's a heart condition. You know what is happening? It is this. We had a brother here over 10 years ago and you know he was participating a lot in the ministry. He was a very good upcoming up song leader and then it so happened when he started his final exams He disappeared. He disappeared to connect with him. It was after year that's what happened. You know, I was busy in exams and unfortunately he didn't do well in those exams cares. In other words, the things of God are secondary. They are not the primary thing. They're not the most important thing in my life. But the Bible says, "Seek you first the kingdom of God, his righteousness, then all these things shall be added." But the brother didn't have faith for that. He didn't have enough faith. So now he went in church reading and he lacked wisdom. You are reading the whole night then you go to the exams and then you sleep cares thorns then they choke and you know sometimes we don't reach our full potential because we put the things of God to be of much of less importance. So you find that somebody is being overcome by the same situation all the time. What is the problem? Where are the thorns? All the time you have this habit. All the time you have this issue. All the time you have this issue. Thorns. They just need to be uprooted out. Praise the name of. So when cares trouble you, you know, you can even hate church, you can even start despising others. Cares. So now when you know that I have chaos, then you work hard and when you work hard, you get money. Now Satan comes at that level as well. riches. You find your minds all the time on your possessions. Now I don't know now maybe you have installed the cameras on your phone. So instead of going in the service on the cameras let me count how many clients are coming to my shop. Trouble of riches. How much money have we made today? 12 of riches. You have possessions that have taken all your heart. You are far away from God. Like the rich young ruler. He wanted eternal life, but he wanted it without losing anything. So when he had Christ telling him, "Here is eternal life. But you have riches. And then he says, dispose what you have and come and follow eternal life. No, he lost eternal life. He had his riches, but it is temporary. Praise the name of our Lord. You look at what's happening all over the world. Tariffs rising taxes here until people are just confused. They're now wondering what are we going to do? What are we going to do? Because their hearts are in those things like during the time of many rich men in those developed countries were committing suicide. They were committing suicide because they seeing their wealth just coming down all of a sudden. You know riches of this world then pleasures of life. When you have more money on Sunday, you can afford to go for rallies. When you can afford to go for those big shows somewhere else, the things of God are not important to you, the pleasures of this life. And Satan always comes to your level. He comes to your level. If you're a religious person, he'll come as a religious person. Whatever level you are at, he always comes as a friend to just take a hold of you. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in verse 15, Luke 8:15, the Bible says, "But that on the good ground are they in an honest and good heart, having heard the word and keep it, and bring forth fruit with patience." And this should be our concern. Lord, I want to be a good ground. Praise the name of when I come to church. Lord, I want to be that good ground. And when I'm a good ground, the Bible says, when you hear the word, what do you do to the word? You keep it. Praise the name of Lord. And you know, keeping, you keep what is precious. You treasure it. You value it. You estimate. You think about it. How secure is this? He says you keep the word. When you hear the word, you keep the word. And now when you keep the word then the Bible says bring forth fruit with patience. Praise the name of Lord. So there's there are things that you go through. You know there are testing that you go through. There are trials that you go through. But then you have to be patient. The word you have received comes to manifestation. The same thing with the word of God. Like the farmer planting now, do you not expect to harvest tomorrow, but then there are stages you have to go through. And then you see that you protect yourself from animals eating the plant, from pests eating the plants, from wheat suffocating the plant. And then you are careful. You see that it grows up. It requires patience. And that's the same thing with the Christian life. It requires patience. But you have to know where you are going. Praise the name of Jesus. So make sure that your heart doesn't have pests, pests of unbelief, ps of contradiction, pace of doubt. Praise the name of our Lord. So that you bring the seed with patience. Praise the name of our Lord. So he says you keep the word when you hear the word you keep the word. Now let us follow upkeeping in Luke in John chapter 14 and then verse 21. The Bible says he that hath my commandments and keepeth them. In other words, you've heard the word. So, as you have heard the word, how about it? You've heard the word, are you keeping the word? Are you talking about the word? Are you meditating on the word? You know, are you, you know, testifying about the word? Are you desiring the word? All these avenues of keeping the word had the word, meditate upon the word of God day and night. And when you met upon the word of God day, the Bible says, but his delight is in the law of the law. His delight, what actually pleases him is the word of God. That should be the same thing with us. When I hear the word of God is my response of God, it should make you happy. Praise the name of our Lord. It should make you joyous, you know, thankful to God. The Bible says the word is not grievious. Let us go to the book of John. Let me get that scripture. Praise the name of our Lord. First John chapter 5:3 chapter 5 and then verse three. The Bible says, "For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandment and his commandments are not grievious. Praise the name of the Lord. He says this is the love of God. Oh Lord, I love you. I love you and then you don't keep the word. Says no. You don't love me because when I give you the seat, you throw it out, you abort it like a husband and a wife. when the wife becomes conceives because of the husband and then removes it and then says I love my husband. There's no love there. So we receive the word in our heart in the womb of our heart and then we abort it. I love God but I have hatred for another person. Then the Bible says how do you love God who you don't see and then you hate the person that you see says no praise the name of our Lord. So in verse two he says 1 John 5:2 he says by this we know that we love the children of God when we love God and keep his commandments for this is the love of God that we keep his commandments and his commandments are not grievious. In other words, it should rejoice your heart, you know, to hear the word and then you obey the word. Praise the name of our Lord. So when you hear the word and then you obey the word, you keep the word then shows that you love God. And he says, he that loveth me, and he that loveth me shall be loved of my father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him. Praise the name of Lord. Then Judas says unto him, not Escariot, Lord, how is it that you will manifest yourself to us and not unto the world? Then he says in verse 23, Jesus answered and said unto him, if a man love me, he will keep my words. Good ground. keeps the word. You take away the thorns, the cares of this life. Much as you may have cares, but you don't bring them to the same level of the word of God, put the word of God above, and cares follow. It's the word of God that gives you comfort in the midst of the troubles that you're going through. In the midst of the cars that you're going through, praise the name of. So he says, "He that loveth me, he will keep my word. My father will love him." That's what he says. If you love him, you will keep the word. Good ground. You keep the word. You obey the word. You think about the word. You meditate upon the word every day daily. Praise the name of the Lord. You have time. And you take time and you read your Bible and then you are busy reading it. Praise the name of the Lord. There's somebody who came some years ago. Then I said, "But do you really love God? He said, "Yes." Said, "Are you sure? When did you last read your Bible?" He told me just a few days. Then I asked him, "Do you know your Bible?" Then I said, "What's the last book in the Bible?" Then he said, "Abraham." Then you know he doesn't know his Bible. So he thinks that Daniel is a book. So even Abra is a book he doesn't know. Then there's another sister gave her the church age book after some time then I asked her which age are you on? They said I think is vision. I wondered you have the book. you're not reading it. And some sometimes that's what most of us are. Praise the name of our Lord. You have the word that doesn't help you. And some people think by putting the Bible below their pillow protected. You have this Bible. Put it in your heart. That's how it will protect you. Praise the name of you know people just don't have enough time for God. They don't have enough time but somebody can spend a whole night on a movie or on a rumor. And you know the televisions have dozy gossip corners. You know there are shows of gossip you had this person and then the other one and then you are there feeding yourself but when it comes the things of God they are boring. Then he said, "If you love me, you will keep my words." How do you keep what you don't have? You must have it, then you keep it. In other words, take time, receive the word, read the word, hear the word. Now, when you receive it, that's when you can keep it. Praise the name of our Lord. And then it is in your heart. Every decision you make, the word guides you in the decision making. The word helps you in everything you do. You know, just like the scriptures in Deuteronomy chapter 6, let us go to Deuteronomy chapter 6 and read a part of that scripture in verse four. Here, oh Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord, and you shall love the Lord with thy God with all your heart. and with all thy mind, with all your soul. Then he says, "And these words which I command thee this day." Now he's not saying the words he's commanded you, they be in the book. He says, "The words that I command you Where are they meant to be? In your heart. The good ground. So if that seed, if that word is in the heart, the good ground, what will it to do in verse six? Verse seven rather. And you shall teach them diligently unto your children. Like a parent, take time, teach your children the way of the Lord. Don't be too busy for your children. Others, you may lose them. Take time with your family. Show them the way of the Lord. Be like Abraham. Abraham taught his son Isaac. the way of the Lord. When he was still young until when Isaac was a small boy and he was moving with his father for sacrifice, the father put firewood on him. And then he got the knife and then the fire. And then Isaac asked his father, "Father, give the firewood and then the fire, where is the lamb for sacrifice?" Isaac didn't say vision about that. Abraham told Isaac that to give a sacrifice to God, he need a lamb. Praise the name of Lord. He had taught him the way of the Lord. And that's what the Lord is telling us that you should teach your children diligently and talk about them when you sit in your house. Now let us go back home now. How much time do you have for God at home? Praise the name of the Lord. Or what governs most of your time at home? What governs? Is it a television set? Is it a radio? Is it a certain program? What governs you at home? And sometimes at home, everybody's on their phone and then you start dozing. Supper is not yet ready. When supper comes, you are too heavy. Did you know we have not prayed today? Okay, let us pray. One minute. Somebody's already sleeping. How are you going to talk about the word of God at your home with a lot of program packed? No time for God. And then it becomes a habit today. So the devil says another problem comes in the morning and instead of what you should have fed on yesterday would have helped you the following day. You know the Bible tells us, let us go to Hebrews chapter 4. Praise the name of our Lord. Hebrews chapter 4. And then verse 16, the Bible says, "Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace." The throne of grace, you know, things concerning God, reading the word, praying unto God, fasting, hearing the word, testifying about the word, sharing about the word before the throne of God. Why? That we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in the time of need. But you've not been before the throne of God. the whole day, not talking about God, not praying about God, not testifying about God. So you you're not before the presence of God. So how are you going to obtain mercy and grace to help in the time of need and yet mercy is here? Grace is here. No time for You get it? No time for the program of God at home. No time for God in your life. So trials come and you just fought cuz there's nothing to help you in that time of need. Now if you have taken in enough, praise the name of God. When such a trial come or temptation or persecution, you said, "Look at this one here. You just go over it. You'll be like Paul, praise the name of you, you know, Paul before, you know, when they were in the ship, the angel of the Lord came and told him, "You are all going to be delivered." And then he said, you'll indeed appear before Caesar. And so when this were troubled, the people he had hundreds of people in the ship, you know, they were sorrowful and then he encouraged them that the angel of the Lord came and talked to me at night. We are not going to perish. These were not eaten for a number of days. When he said, "So you cheer up." It break. God assured that we all going to be but the goods we have are going to be lost. So the ship broke able to reach the island. And now when they reach there, those men of the island said, "Hey, of course they knew they were criminals. said, "Hey, this shipwreck with all these criminals." So now Paul gathered some firewood and now when he was lighting a fire, a viper came and stuck on him and then the people of the island said, "Hey, this man is a big must be a serious criminal here. He has survived the ocean, but the viper just wants to kill him now. So they expecting him to die. But what did the supposed to do? Just shook it off. Grace to help in the time of need. Praise the name of because he heard from the Lord. And brother say he knew that the poison of the serpent will do him no harm because he was going to meet Caesar. Grace to help in the time of need. So you need to get time at home. Talk about God. Speak about his goodness. Read the Bible. Praise the name of Because the Bible says Blessed are they when you read in Revelations 1:3. Blessed are they that read. So just to take time to read, you are blessed. Praise the name of Lord, just to sit and hear. You are blessed. And we want to be blessed. Why don't you take time and be blessed at home? The way you have come to church, you are blessed. And then others will say, the blessings can turn away the curses. Praise the name of blessed. Let us go back to chapter 6. Praise the name of our Lord. Deuteronomy chapter 6 and then verse 7. He says, "When you sit in thine house and when you walk away and when you lie down and when you rise up, how often are meant to talk about the word of God?" Praise the name of Lord. When I sit down, I talk about God. When I rise up, I talk about when I'm at my place of work, I'm talking about I'm thinking about when I lie down talking about what are you doing, you are getting more of that word and so you keep it. Praise the name of the Lord. And he said when you keep the word in John 14:23, the Bible says, let us go back to John 14:23. And my father will love him. And we will come unto him and make our abode with him. Praise the name of our Lord. He says we shall make our abode with him. That's the baptism of the Holy Spirit. How hard is that? Praise the name of the Lord because it's the spirit of God that has spoken to you the word. And when you obey that word, then that word will bring the same spirit will be resident in your heart. Praise the name of our Lord. So it's not far. It's about obeying the word, believing the word. And then you see the word will have effect upon your life. Praise the name of our Lord. Now the Bible says that the word of God is quick. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us go to the book of Hebrews. Hebrews chapter 4. Praise the name of our Lord. the book of Hebrews. Let me get the scripture here. Hebrews chapter 4 and then verse 12. It says, "For the word of God is quick and sharper." Okay. Quick and powerful and sharper than any two-edged sword, piercing even the dividing asand of soul and spirit and of joints and marrow. And is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. Praise the name of our Lord. So the word of God is quick. So he says the word quick means it is alive. That word [Music] quick, you know, it is alive. In other words, it has life. When God said, "Let there be." It had to come to pass. So even to us, when God says, "Let there be love in your life." And then you receive that word in your heart and you obey that word love will come to pass it will become a manifestation not be something you know say I don't know I can work on this just allow the word to come in the heart and then you see the manifestation come forth that's what the scripture is saying the word of God is quick is alive. And when it is alive, the Bible says it is powerful. It is powerful. If it is the word of love, the power in that word of love will bring hatred down. Praise the name of Allah. And then love will be manifested. The fruit of the spirit will become so real in your life. Praise the name of our Lord. So we need to be obedient to the word. Be obedient to the word and then the Holy Spirit speaks to us the word of God. We need to be obedient to the word of God. The word himself will be manifested in our lives. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message the greatest battle ever fought brother Brandham says he says what do you do then take the word what is the word the Bible say here we just read it for the spirit and of God is the word see and take the helmet of salvation [Music] And the sword, the sword of the spirit, the sword of the spirit, what? The spirit that comes in through your mind and enters into you. And the sword of that spirit is the word of God. Praise the name of the Lord. like our Lord Jesus Christ when he was being tempted, you know, he was hungry and then the devil says stones are here. Make them bread. What did he say? Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of. So it was the sword of the spirit which is the word of God to defeat that temptation. And we can do also the same thing in our lives. But then how are you going to defeat Satan when you don't know the word of God? You don't know anything. Maybe you know some things which are contrary. And Satan will take you as a captive because you've not heard the word of God. And then he says, "What does the spirit fight with? What does the spirit fight with? Sensations, feelings, the word, heart, glory, what does it fight with? Feeling no word. Word. Then he says, "Let us say word. Word." Word of God is what the spirit fights with. Praise the name of the sword of the spirit. The word of God. So you see that the spirit of God because we are talking about the swer is the Holy Spirit. And what that the Holy Spirit saw the seed. What is the seed is the word. And then he says praise the name of our Lord. The sword of the spirit is the word of God. So you cannot say I have received the word of God. And if it is under a right condition of the heart, the word of God has become alive in you. Praise the name of our Lord. So we need to see that we check our hearts in the message. The spoken word is the original seed. He says, "What is the seed of life?" The word of God. Therefore for life you cannot come through a creed. You cannot come through a denomination. You got to come back to the word. The seed of life. His word is his seed and his spirit is the water. Jesus is the word of God. and was busted open. That life, the life inside the sea, that's this life which is spirit, water flowing over, the spirit over the seed, the seed of God will bring forth the life of God. Praise the name of God. So we need to allow the spirit of God to speak to us and then the same spirit to release the rain which is the same spirit. What is it doing? It's the spirit following the word he has spoken to you to make it alive in our life. The swer is the holy spirit. So what do you do? You open your heart to the soul. And when he sws, he follows what he has saw to make it alive. Praise the name of our Lord. Then we can become the manifestation of that same word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. In the book of Luke 10:25, the scripture says, "And behold, a certain lawyer stood up and tempted him, saying, Master, what shall I do to inherit eternal life? He said unto him, "What is written in the law, how do you read?" And he answering said, "Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all your heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy strength, and with all thy mind, and thy neighbor as thyself." And he said unto him, "Thou hast answered right, this do and you shall live." This is a very interesting story. A lawyer came to tempt him. How can I have eternal life? Then Jesus asks him, "What does what is written in the law? How do you read?" Then he told him, he reported to him. What is Jesus telling him? You know it what you need to do. Do it and you shall live. In other words, what you know, allow it to govern your life. Praise the name of Lord. Allow the seed that has been sown in you to influence your thoughts, your decision making. Praise the name of the Lord. Allow it to influence your decision making. You know the word of God says this. So you'll not go by your enticement. The things that are pleasant unto you. But what does the word of God say about this? So it influences your decisions. And you see the word of God. Praise the name of the Lord. It should be able to influence our human spirit. Like the human spirit has got five senses. He has the sense of affection. He has the sense of consciousness. He has the sense of know memory has the sense of imagination and he has the sense of reasoning. Now if the word of God has taken a hold of your life, it will affect your affections. your affection like David, the word of God had taken a hold of his life. Then he said, I was glad when they said unto me, let us go into the house of God. That was an affection. And then he testified I would rather be a domat in the house of God than stay in palises. But it's a man who was in the palace but the affection he had. He desired to be in the present. So now the word takes a hold of you. It affects your desires. It affects your delight. Praise the name of the Lord. When I was listening to radio program this morning and then they were announc making announcements before airing our radio program and then in the news then they said today there is premiership said is it around 3 or four or five and then they talked about the teams which are going to play and now when we were coming from home we had a a coaster There was a coaster passing by us and then another tax and then they had flags outside. Then we're wondering then my wife said, "Hey, can you imagine this is Manchester United? Manchester United Manchester United brainwashed instead of if they had a flag of Ugandan team you would say but something which is far from you and some of them can even tell from number one to number 11. Today we are going to fill this one. Are you part of the decision makers in Europe then? But saying that because of the affection of the game the other we bought him a lot of money but when half time we are going to change affection. He loves football because he loves football very much. He knows number one the goalkeeper. He knows number 11. Knows number five. He knows how many players can play number four. And he can tell even the name. This is our best goal. This is our best scorer. You know they have even given him number 20 as permanent number of his. Even if he dies that number remains in his name, perfection. So he knows everything into it there. But then ask him, hey, can you give me a scripture in the Bible? Then he starts looking on the phone. No affection. But football even knows how much the coach is paid. He knows the sitting capacium. He knows all those details. If you really have affection for the message of the hour, they ask you a question. Hey brother, what are the gifts that God gave him? Then you start wondering I don't know what he's talking about. And then you say you have affection. You love the message of the hour. You don't know the messenger. You don't know the things God used him to do. You start wondering. But that one, you don't read it in history. You don't get them there. Affection. And so the affection that you have, it influences your consciousness. I'm conscious this thing may not happen. You know, do you know that the other footballer became sick and so you have affection in those things? They are so much engraved in your spirit. So even reasoning you about that. Maybe you are dreaming at night the memories about football affection. But we need to put there the word of God. Praise the name of. So Jesus asked this lawyer these things. Go and do them. Be obedient to them. and you shall live. Praise the name of our Lord. So we need to see that we allow the spirit of God. Praise the name of our Lord as the word is spoken to us. Let us be obedient to the word. Then the spirit comes and gives that word life and you become a manifested word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. In 2 Corinthians chapter 3, the scripture says verse two, you are our epistles written in our hearts, known and read of all men. 2 Corinthians 3:2. For as much as you are man manifestedly declared to be epistles of Christ, minister to us written not with ink, but with the spirit of the living God, not in tables of stone, but in fleshy tables of the heart. praise the name of our Lord. So he says it is the spirit that has written this epistle and it's not written on the tables of stone maybe like in this book but what is in the book which we have heard the holy spirit speak to us the holy spirit himself who has sown the word has written it in our heart. So it influences your decision. It influences your speech. You're not going to be negative all the time. No. Once the word is inside, it's the word you're going to be speaking. The Bible says this. The message says this. Praise the name of the other time I was in Zimbabwe. I was so challenged that even a person in church, not even a minister, but they are telling you what brother Brandham says about an issue. How about us? How often do we take time to read our message book? We have read available. But then have you taken time to read the things? Have you taken time to hear the voice of the prophet? So he says the spirit has written the word on the tables of our heart. And now when the word of God is written in the tables of our heart, it makes us live the life of the word. Praise the name of the Lord. You become the manifestation of the word of God. Why? Because you have allowed the Holy Spirit to take charge over your life. So you are no longer living yourself, but it is the Holy Spirit in you. Praise the name of our Lord that is displaying himself. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us conclude because I see time is going. Let us go to Galatians chapter 5. The Bible says, "But the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance. Against such there is no law 5 22 Galatians 5:22. He says the fruit of the spirit. But if it is a fruit, there has to be a [Music] seed. And what is the seed? The word of God. Who sows the seed? The ser. And what fruit do you manifest? The fruit of the swer. The Holy Spirit. So he says the fruit of the spirit. So how can you bear the fruit without receiving from the s? Praise the name of our lord. So we allow the sower, the Holy Spirit to sow himself in us. Praise the name of our Lord. And as he sows himself in us by the word of God, we manifest the spirit of God, the fruit of the spirit. And the Bible says the fruit of the spirit not your fruit but his fruit. Praise the name of our Lord. What you do? Lord I surrender myself. Lord I yield myself and then he bears his fruit in you. Praise the name of you take his identity. You bear his nature. You bear his name. Praise the name of Christ living in us. The fruit of the spirit. Where does he bear his fruit? In us. Just having our hearts to him. Then he bears his fruit. He sws the seed. He quickens the seed. and then the seed manifest the life of the spirit of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Now just as we said that the swer is the holy spirit, we also need to know that Satan is also a ser. You need to be careful which seed are you receiving. There are two sers like in that parable in Matthew chapter 13. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us read it and so we can finish. Praise the name of our Lord. Matthew chapter 13 and then verse 24. And another par put forth them, saying, "The kingdom of heaven is like unto a man which sowed good seed in his field. But while men slept, the enemy came and saw tears among the wheat and went away. two sers Christ and Satan. So who s who who is sowing in our hearts? What seed are we receiving? And you know the principle of the seed is every seed shall bring after his kind. What seed are you receiving? When you receive the seed of hatred, You'll manifest hatred. When you receive the seed of love, you'll manifest love. Whatever seed that is sown must come to maturity must come to manifestation. So what seed are we receiving? Praise the name of the Lord. So any seed that is contrary to the word of God is of the devil. So we need to avoid the seeds of Satan. And the most unfortunate thing most of our time we are in interface Satan sowing at the place of work. people abusive, people doing funny things. Satan is sowing on the roads. Satan is sowing through naked women through bad adverts. He's sowing people here fighting sowing. Satan is sowing. Most of the day we are being exposed to Satan sowing. That's why you need time to have the Holy Spirit to sew in your seed. Praise the name of our Lord in your heart and you know get time that some of these wicked seeds that have been swn around the day traveling your mind tring your heart allow them to be washed away. Allow them to be plucked that they don't influence your decision making that they don't influence your life that they don't influence how you speak. If the other people are abusive, why do you involve yourself in the other people are rumor mongering? Why do you involve yourself in those things? You avoid all those evil seeds being sown. So you avoid Satan sowing those dirty seeds in your heart. Consecrate yourselves to the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. Give yourself all your life and just give it to the Lord. Praise the name of Lord and take the Lord to allow the Lord to govern all your life, your decision making, your speech and your life. And it starts by changing your mind. Then it changes your testimony or your test your what you speak your confession and then your life will be changed written a piece of red of all men. May God bless you. Amen. Amen. As the song leader comes there's that song that says we are children of the father. Okay, let us start from the original life. [Music] is what I believe. The son of man is revealed. The seven sail is [Music] [Applause] ung what I believe. The son of man is [Music] revening all is the ringing of [Music] singed to his briding his last name. We have called the revelation by profess and my praise the Lord for the There is no heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. [Music] Heat. A Heat. Heat. A heat. Heat up here. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat up here. Yeah. Heat. We are we are shall we shall we thank you Jesus for the blessed hope before us heavenly father Lord we know that we are joined he hes with our Lord Jesus Christ what an opportunity before us heavenly father we thank you Jesus us for that in this daily time. Father, we believe in the oral life. We believe in the original se Jesus we thank you father for the way how thy holy spirit I'll be reserving your servant inspiring your children your servant the master of the minister's home to bring that real seed the original seed and father as your children that we have fed that original seed that fresh mana from above we thank you father for we know that as You told us this day that Holy Spirit is the Jesus as you keep saring that se in our souls. We pray the very mother and Lord give us the very mother that we should not be taken by the one that we should not be taken by the winner but always looking away and in Jesus always looking away and our Christ the finish of our father when troules come along our way on Jesus we should always go in the heart and seek for One, Father, all things that one Jesus that faith in that in that condition that Jesus as the prophet told us father that the Holy Spirit uses the word while fighting even that father that God in those battles father we should always use your word father you will stand the white so that it is true but this scripture We are together father we have confidence in them and your word is so powerful father that Jesus and so heaven father oh master we appreciate you for the love you have for us for the way how [Music] you Jesus even when we are facing those moments of challenge by the speaker of the world it comes right I pray for them immediately father instantly father go that demon of sickness in the name of Jesus Christ I go back again our children back again our people loving Jesus and it comes back immediately because you know that it is witted in your word and only by thirst we were healed that Jesus we came for the healing mother and your children [Music] father and living Jesus we know that your word is so big father is powerful Jesus we appreciate you for the power in thy word we thank you Jesus for the power in the blood of Jesus Christ that he lord always when we meion when we got the word in prayer Let me choose. Let that word have tolerance in our lives. We thank you Lord for this day. We pray for special blessing God upon yourself father. Strengthen him Lord Jesus for the dead ahead of you. Lord heavenly master. We bless your name. We thank you Jesus as we commit unto you. Have mercy upon us, Lord Jesus. Give us the spirit of understanding, Father, and wisdom, God, that we should be in position, Father, to always quoting the original one, that original seed. Father, not taking the seeds by the devil, but always taking those right seats only. Granted Jesus in Jesus's mighty name. Thank you Lord. [Music] Amen. Amen. [Music]
