################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-25 - What Is Truth         Pastor Katumba James          25.06.2025 - Katumba James.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-25
Title:    What Is Truth |        Pastor Katumba James      |    25.06.2025
Speaker:  Katumba James
Church:   Inner Veil Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 36m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fCYqeWtda0Y
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
still aring. Take it to the Lord in prayer. Do thy friends do thy friends despise for say take it. Take it to the Lord in prayer. In his arms you take and shield thee. Oh thou we find our soul is there. Are we weak? Oh we we weak and heavy. But with the Lord of Kious Savior still take it to take it to the Lord in prayer. Do thy friends despise? Do thy friend despise forsake thee? Take it to the Lord in prayer. Take it to the Lord in prayer. In his arms you take and heal thee. Oh thou we find a soul is there. Have we trials? Oh how we trials unticted. [Music] Oh, is there tr anywhere? We should never be discourage. Take it to the Lord in prayer. Can we find God? We find our friends so faithful who will all our sorrows. [Music] Hallelujah. Jesus knows our every weakness. Take it to the Lord in prayer. [Music] Calary burdens are lifted at Calary. Jesus is very near. Our sorrows sorrows are lifted at God. Calary [Music] calary. Yes. Sorrows are lifted at Calary. Jesus is very near. Our trles trles are lifted and come on calary calary our trles trles are lifted at Jesus Jesus is very near our sickness sickness ness is lifted. Calary [Music] calary [Music] calary sickness is lifted at Calary. Jesus is near. Our burdens burdens are lifted at calarying. [Music] Calary calary. Burdens are lifted at calary. [Music] Jesus is very near. Our chaos or chaos are lifted up. Calary calary [Music] our car [Music] at Calary. Jesus is very near. Start to speak to the Lord. Dear Lord Jesus, we thank you father for Calvary. We thank you Lord Jesus for this time the privilege you've given us Lord to come into your presence Lord once again to gather Lord Jesus as the saints of God Lord Jesus Christ who have been purged Lord from their consciousness Lord who have been purged father from the background Lord Jesus of their parentthood Lord who have been Lord Jesus set free Lord God from the natures of sin Lord I pray Lord Jesus Christ as we put stray before you Lord as we come Lord put Jesus on your table, Lord Jesus, to dine with the king, to dine with thy holy angels, Lord. Sanctify our lips, Lord Jesus, and cleanse us, Father, from that sin of unbelief, Lord, that we may not be, Lord Jesus, like a we should not be, Father, like Zachariah, Lord, who doubted, Father, the ministration of the angel, Lord, as the pastor is coming to minister, Lord, let our hearts, Lord Jesus, open up, Father, Lord, to hear from the word of God and to hear from the spirit, Lord. As the Bible says, he has an ear. Let him hear what the spirit of God is saying. He that has an ear, let him take heed to thus says the Lord. Because thus says the Lord shall never fail. Lord Jesus Christ, we've forsaken all. We are like Peter, Lord Jesus. We have forsaken all, Lord Jesus. Our businesses, Lord, the neighborhoods, Lord, even the things pertaining to life, Lord. And we've come, Lord Jesus. We we have reserved them Lord to come into your sanctuary Lord to come into your presence Lord oh Jesus Christ and we know you gave them the promise you gave them Lord Jesus that you will never leave them and you will never forsake them and you said whoever shall come in to me I will in no likewise cast them out Lord your children have come Lord some are heavy laden Lord some are weak in nature Lord and some Lord Jesus Christ I'm full of Lord Jesus Christ. Oh God, body weaknesses, like sicknesses, Lord, like worries, Lord, Father, Lord Jesus, maybe tions, Lord, maybe rents, Lord, maybe Father, Lord, some have no food to eat, Lord, this night, Lord. But I pray Lord Jesus as they come before you Lord let them Lord consider you Lord Jesus the selfexisting one. The one who can fight their battles. The one who can provide. The same God who provided for Abraham in the strange land. The God who kept Jacob Lord Jesus when he he was on the way going back to his brother Esau Lord. And he said that same God who give me a blessing is the same God I will worship and I will give unto me unto him a tithe. Lord Jesus Christ. We pray Lord God that we may meet Father Lord Jesus that same pillar of fire which met Paul Lord Jesus on his way on Damascus Lord and Lord Jesus like those people Lord the saints we were walking farther going back to Emos Lord they were talking about Jesus they were meditating about his you know his disappearing his death and when it came to pass Lord you came and you came to strengthen them you came to comfort them. You said, "I will send I will ask the father to send a comforter, Lord Jesus. And you've never left us alone, Lord. We have the comforter, Lord, in our weaknesses. When the world goes astray, oh Lord Jesus, when the world goes astray for us, we are with the Lord. We are our eyes are open, Lord Jesus. Our hearts sing, Lord, to be like you, Lord. To have that nature of Jesus Christ, Lord. We know father as the bible says we are not yet what we are what we are meant to be but we are not father what we were used to be oh my jesus and lord a little by little lord Jesus we experience the change lord it may not come abrupt lord it may take father many years lord but anyhow father the change will come we pray lord jesus for your spirit of god to come into our mid lord to come lord jesus in our hearts to come Father and direct us Lord and teach us the word and manifest Lord and anoint the word which is preached Father to become Lord God alive in us Lord to be like Jesus Christ. We thank you Lord God. We give you glory and honor. I commit the children Lord who are still on the way. Father who are rushing into the church Lord may you give them may you haveen their feet Lord that they may rush in Father before the preaching of your word. And when they enter in Lord let them take father each one of them their own portion Lord Jesus that their hearts may be burn and father Lord Jesus that they may be strengthened Lord. Maybe sometime maybe they have been thinking of meditating upon you Lord and when somehow the pastor speaks about what the man has been meditating Lord it strengthen them. That's why we come prayed up Lord to hear from the spirit Lord. We thank you Lord Jesus. We give you glory and honor. I commit your children Lord once again. They have come before you Lord. They are ready to share with your spirit Lord. Lord Jesus like you said we are fellow hairers Lord. We thank you Lord Jesus. We give you father glory and honor in the mighty name of our Lord Jesus. Lord we pray. Amen. Let the spirit of the Lord come down. Amen. Let the spirit of the Lord come down. Let the spirit of the Lord from heaven come down. Let the spirit of the Lord come down. Let the anointing Let the anointing of the Lord come down. Let the anointing of the Lord come down upon us. Let the anointing of the Lord from heaven come down. Let the anointing of the Lord come down. Let the spirit Let the spirit of the Lord come down. Let the spirit of the Lord come down upon us. Let the spirit Let us get on our feet as we usher in the pastor heaven come down. Spirit of the Lord come down. Let his anointing Let the anointing of the Lord come down. Let the anointing of the Lord come down. Let the anointing of the Lord from heaven come down. Let the anointings of the Lord come down. He is Lord. He is Lord. Amen. He has risen from the dead. He is Lord. Every knee shall bow down. Every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord is here. [Music] He's here. Amen. He has risen from the dead is here. Every knee shall bow down. Every town go face that Jesus the Christ is Lord. He is risen. [Music] He has risen from the dead. is risen. Every knee shall bow down. Every tongue confess that Jesus Christ he is Lord. Amen. Let us pray. Father, we thank you for this evening. The grace that you've given unto us to come into your presence. You said where two or three are gathered in your name, they will be there in their midst. And Lord, we believe you are here. May you come, therefore, and bless us, Father. May you come and manifest yourself to us, Lord. May you come and meet every need of all your children, Lord. Even those who are not here, Father, take them also into your hands. that you may hear their prayers, Lord, and you may bless us all together, Lord. Speak to us the words of eternal life, and encourage us in the journey that still lays ahead of us, the glor of your name. In the name of the Lord Jesus, we grant us this. Amen. Amen. I greet in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, let us turn to Johnapter 18. John 18 from verse 37 to verse 38. The Bible says, "Pilate therefore said unto him, thou a king." Then Jesus answered, "Thou sayest, I am a king. To this end was I born, and for this cause came I into the world, that I should bear witness unto the truth. Everyone that is of the truth heareth my voice. Pilate says unto him, "What is truth?" And when he had said this, he went out again unto the Jews, and said unto them, I find in him no fault at all. May God bless his word. You may be seated. So I want to speak on what is truth. What is truth? You know Christ was standing before Pilate and then he said, "I was born that I may bear witness to the truth." And then he told him, "Thatsoever is of truth hearth me." So then Pilate was asking him, "What is truth?" Praise the name of our Lord. And then we see that truth was standing before Pilot and then Pilot was asking the truth. What is truth? Praise the name of our Lord. So last week we had we talked about the spirit of truth and then next week God willing on Wednesday we shall be talking about the spirit of truth guides us. So now we want to talk about what is truth. Now truth You know I don't know I can start it but let us just use the scriptures to explain what truth is. Praise the name of our Lord. Now we see in the scriptures in John 17:E1 17 the Bible says sanctify them through thy truth. Thy word is truth. Praise the name of our Lord. The word of God is the truth. So truth is a person and that truth is Christ himself. So you can't separate truth from Christ. So truth here is the reality you know the true being. Praise the name of our Lord. I want to see if we can approach it in two different angles here. Now in the message the Philadelphiaian church age He says, "Do you think says he that is true?" Now this word true is a very wonderful word. It does not mean true in the sense that it is the opposite of false. It expresses the perfect realization of an idea. realization. Now in Revelations 3 and verse 7, he says, "And to the angel of the church of Philadelphia, write these things says he that is holy, he that is true, he that has the key of David, he that openeth and no man shutth and shutth and no man openeth. 3:7. So he says he is the true Praise the name of our Lord. Revelations 19. And then verse 11, and I saw heaven opened, and behold, a white horse, and he that sat upon him was called faithful and true, and is in righteousness does he judge and make war. So just confused says but the Bible says true. He is true himself. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in John 14 and then verse 6, Jesus said unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life. No man cometh unto the father but by me. So now Christ is the truth, you know, is the embodiment, you know, of all that is true. And then here we go back to the Philadelphiaian church age when he says, "I am the true It means that he is the reality not true as opposite of false you know like when we talk about false you think about truth but then the true what what is meaning by being the truth or the truth through here. He is the reality like now we would give examples when the Bible says Jesus is the true light you know the true light. So but we know we have the sun and then we have the natural the artificial lights we have here like the bulbs. Now these BS are just artificial. Then we have the natural light which is the sun. But then we can look at the sun. In the nature it is what we can call the original light. But then the sun is not true light because it was just made. It was made after a pattern. But when you read in Revelations chapter 21 and chapter 22, the Bible says that Jesus Christ will be the light of the city. He's going to be the light and then we shall have no need of the sun and then the city will have no day or night. We have day and night. So that means that the sun is not the true light. You know it is not the true light because it is time bound. Praise the name of our Lord. And then you when you read in many scriptures like when the Lord Jesus was on Mount Transfiguration, the Bible says he was too bright, exceedingly bright beyond even the sunlight. Because a true light can never have something brighter than it. But then here we see that when Christ was transfigured, you know, he was brighter than even the sun. When he appeared to Paul, he was brighter than even the sun. Praise the name of the Lord. You can pick one of those scriptures here in the book of Acts. Praise the name of our Lord. Acts chapter 26 and then verse 13. It says, "And at midday, O king, I saw in the way a light from heaven above the brightness of the sun, shining round about me, and them which journeyed with me. Now you see that the glory of Christ was so bright beyond even the sun. So then he is the true light you know the true brightness praise the name of our lord. So when he says I am the true bread then he says that in the wilderness they gave them mana. But that man they would eat and again they would become hungry. But then for him what he gives it brings eternal life. So it is the reality of it. Praise the name of the Lord. So when he says I am the way, there is no other way other than Christ. When he says I am the life, you know we have the natural life here on earth. But then this natural life has death in it. This natural life you get tired. This natural life you know you become sick but his own life has no beginning and has no end. His very life is eternal. His life. There is no getting tired. There is no becoming sick. There's no becoming old. That is the true light. The true life rather. Praise the name of the Lord. So our lives see on us, it is just a shadow. Praise the name of the Lord. So then he says, I am the way. I am the truth and I'm the life. So being true means that he is the reality. Praise the name of our Lord. So let us go back in that Philian church age. He says, for example, we recall that Jesus said in John 6:32, Moses gave you not that bread from heaven, but my father giveth you true bread from heaven. John 15 verse1 I am the true vine. Hebrews 9:24. For Christ is not entered into the holy places made with hands, which are the figures of the true, but into heaven itself. now to appear in the presence of God for us in first John chapter 2 verse 8 because the darkness is passed and the true light is now the true light now shineth since this word expresses says perfect realization against the idea of partial realization as illustrated in these verses. We can now understand as never before contrast the ant type contrast this type and substance with shadow. Take the example now of mana from heaven. God sent down angel bread from heaven to but did not satisfy. It was only good for a day. Those who ate it were hungry again the next day. If it was left around, it would become contaminated. But Jesus is the true bread from heaven where mana was just a type. And if any man eats of that bread that came from heaven, he will never hunger again. He does not need to come back and eat again. The moment he parttook, he had eternal life. Here indeed was reality. No need any longer for a shadow. No need for a partial salvation. Here is the whole of it. Just like Jesus isn't a part of God. He is God. Praise the name of our Lord. So truth is Christ himself. So truth is a person. Praise the name of the Lord. In the message, do you now believe because that he knew what was going on. They recognized that his testimony was true. For God confirmed his testimony to be the truth. That's the way we believe these things is a confirmation of truth. Now you say what is truth. Christ is truth and Christ confirmed in a human life that makes it truth. Praise the name of our Lord. So when the Lord Jesus was standing before Pilate, it was truth standing before Pilate. Praise the name of our Lord. So when he was asking what is truth yet truth was standing before him. So when you receive Christ as your personal savior, You are receiving the truth himself. Praise the name of our Lord. And you just need to open up yourself that that truth may continuously speak to you. Christ himself may reveal himself to you. Praise the name of our Lord so that you become a reality. you know, walking in the truth. Praise the name of our Lord. And that should always be our desire. Walk in the truth. And Christ is the truth. And you know, Christ is everything that we have need of. Christ is the light. Christ is the life. Christ is the way. Christ is everything we have need of. But then the way we receive Christ is not by hearing the word of God. And now when you hear the word of God, obey the word of God. And when you are obedient to the word of God, the life of Christ himself, which is the Holy Spirit comes down in your life and then you also become a dwelling place of the truth and that should be the reason why we got saved. You got saved that God can live in you. God can dwell in your life. No longer you that live, but Christ that lives in you. Praise the name of our Lord. That should be always our desire. Walk in the word. Walk in the spirit. You know, you are yielding yourself. Praise the name of our Lord. To the word of God. I read this quote in the morning during our morning exaltations. Praise the name of our Lord. I certainly encourage every one of you to be listening to these daily exitations on the church age book. You know we read one page or two pages or three and then try to throw more light on it. So you take time and listen to these things. Praise the name of our Lord so that you can spiritually be built. Praise the name of our Lord. Don't be too busy. Not to maybe put 20 minutes aside or 30 minutes aside. Or maybe you say I don't have data. But then you have data of Tik Tok. You have rumor mongering around that seeing some videos somewhere Facebook said that is too much for me. So just take time and listen to things on daily basis. So in the church age book page 108 under the Ephesian church age. He says God's intention for his creation man is to express his words. In Genesis, Adam was given the word to live by. A life by the word would be the word expressed. So now he says Adam was given to live by the word. We know there was the tree of life and then the tree of knowledge of good and evil. And then the tree of life was the Lord Jesus Christ himself. And then the tree of knowledge of good and evil was Satan. Now man is meant to live by every word that comes out of the mouth of God. So they were meant to live by the word of God. What the word of God was telling them meant to live in the garden of Eden. Now, brother Brham is telling us that if we live by the word of God, you are obedient to the word. When you obey the word, you know, you're doing what the word is telling you to do. Then you are expressing that word. You are manifesting that word. And that's what the whole thing of our salvation is about. That we can express the word of God in our lives. You express the word of God at your place of work. You may express the word of God at where you stay. So then it will be Christ living in you. Praise the name of our Lord. The truth which is the word of God should be believed and then express it. Praise the name of our Lord. Amen. You know like like we in the time of politics and so now every every I think it was yesterday the other day I saw people of N holding the umbrella walking in town when it was shining but were holding the umbrella they expressing themselves and then those ones who have different kind of symbols like now those of DP would have I think it was a So they would carry a and said this is what we are you know they are expressing who they are. So even us as Christians our life should express that we are Christians. Praise the name of our Lord. When you talk at your place of work you know when you you conduct yourself at place of work You know, you should do everything to reflect the image of Jesus Christ. As a Christian, there is unexpected conduct that you are meant to behave. Praise the name of our Lord. So then you have to express the truth and you have to live the life thereof. So he says that is true. But did Adam live by that word? No. Because he was to live by every word and he failed to take every word. But here God wants us to live by every word. Then there arose Moses. What a great and mighty man he was. Yet he also failed to live by everyone. And that prophet, the type of the great prophet to come, failed in anger to obey the word. And there came also David, the great king of Israel, a man after God's own heart, he fell by adultery, when he was tempted. But eventually in the fullness of time, there came one, the head Even Jesus who also must be tempted to see if he would live by every word that proceed out of the mouth of God. Then he was then was Satan foiled. For here was one who lived. It is written and the masterpiece of God overcame by reflecting God's word. Then was this manifested perfect one given to the cross as the perfect lamb of God for the perfect sacrifice. And on the tree he received the wounds unto death. And we by him and because of him might eat of the tree of life. And then that life freely given would enable us to overcome and express the word of God. Praise the name of the Lord. Our overcoming comes from Christ. When we partake of the word, when we partake of the truth, when Christ lives in us, he gives us the ability to overcome all temptations. Praise the name of our Lord. He gives us the ability to reflect the truth which is the word of God. And you know if you are living in the truth, praise the name of our Lord, you know you have denounced the things of dishonesty. You have denounced the things that are crafty. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, in other words, you are walking in a straight line before God. You are living upright. Praise the name of our Lord. being righteous before God. And that should be our desire every day that when we receive the truth which is Christ, he comes and makes us live in that same truth. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us go to first John chapter 1 verse one. The scripture says that which was from the beginning, which we have heard, which we have seen with our eyes, which we have looked upon and our hands have handled of the word of life. John is saying that which was from the beginning. Then he says which we heard and we didn't stop at hearing it but then we what we heard at the beginning it became seen by our eyes. We looked upon that. Then he says our hands handled the word of life. So he's talking about the person we had who was there in the beginning and then the prophets were talking about him in the scriptures and then that the prophet was talking about became manifested here on earth. And then John says, "We saw him. We heard about him. But now we see him. We look upon him. We associate with him physically and then we hear him and then he says it is the word of life." So now the word of life is not just a mere sound is not just a mere letter written but the word of life is the person of Christ himself who was the manifestation of God. God in human life. So that is what was standing before Herod. It is the one who was standing before Pilate. That's the one who was moving with the apostles. But then he told them in the form that I am in. It is good for you that I go away. Before I don't go away, then the comforter shall not come. the spirit of truth. Now the comforter is the spirit of truth and is the holy spirit, Christ himself, not the third person of the trinity. It is the very God who created the heaven and earth who express himself as the father in the old testament and then he express himself as the son in the four gospels and then he expresses himself as the holy spirit from the book of acts up to this time. So when we receive the baptism of the Holy Spirit, we are not receiving a third person of the Trinity, but we are receiving the very life of God, God himself who put on the human flesh and he put that body on the cross. That's why the Bible says in Acts chapter 20 and then verse 28, he says, "Take heed therefore unto yourselves unto all the flock over which the Holy Ghost has made you overseers to feed the church of God which he has purchased with his own blood. So he says the Holy Spirit has made you overseers. And then he says the church of God. And then he says which is purchased by God his own blood. guarantee but who shed the blood. It was Jesus Christ, God in human form. Then when he resurrected on the day of Pentecost, he comes down as the Holy Spirit and then he embodies people, you know, he gets into the human bodies, Christ living in us. Praise the name of our Lord. And that should always be our desire. Lord, live in me. So here John is saying we have handled of the word of life. For the life was manifested in John 1 John 1:2. For the life was manifested and we have seen it. and bear witness and show unto you that eternal life which was with the Father and was manifested unto us. Praise the name of the Lord. This eternal life which was with the father was manifested to us. How? In the person of Jesus Christ. So Jesus Christ is eternal life himself. Praise the name of our Lord. the way he is the truth himself. He is the eternal life himself. He is the eternal life himself. He is the word of God himself. So you can't separate any of these things from Christ. He is the truth. He is the life. He is the word and he is the spirit of God. Praise the name of our Lord. So what is truth? It is Christ himself. Praise the name of our Lord. So now when you receive the truth, you are receiving Christ. When you obey the truth, you are obeying Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. That same Christ as you receive him, you know, allow him to become more and more in you. Allow him to take over all your life. He takes over your thinking. He takes over, you know, your speech or your testimony. He takes over your livelihood, your conduct. everything being fleshed by Christ himself. Praise the name of our Lord. Then he says in verse three, that which we have seen and heard declare we unto you that ye also may have fellowship with us. And truly our fellowship is with the Father and with his son Jesus Christ. [Music] Praise the name of our Lord. So we need to be in that continuous fellowship. Praise the name of our Lord with Christ. Let us go to John 1:7. The Bible says, "The same came for a witness to bear a witness of the light that all men through him might believe. He was not that light but was sent to bear witness of that light. That was the true light which lightth every man that cometh into the world. So the Lord Jesus Christ is the true light and the Bible says in him is no darkness. Now that light where the Bible says in John 1 verse one in the beginning was the word and the word was with God. is the true light. That same word is the truth. And then that same word became flesh. Praise the name of our Lord. Put on a body. Praise the name of our Lord. Come and redeem us. So now the Bible says and the word was made flesh. and dwelt among us. And we beheld his glory as the glory of the only begotten full of grace and truth. So grace and truth, the Bible says comes by the Lord Jesus Christ himself. That's what the scripture says in verse 16. And of his fullness have we all received grace for grace. For the law was given by Moses, but grace and truth came by Jesus Christ. So Christ is the embodiment of grace of God and the truth. that we have need of is in Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. So then you need just to open up and then have a personal relationship with Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. If you have accepted the Lord Jesus as your personal savior, be obedient to him all the way. Water baptism, you go and do it. obeying the word, you go and do it. Then you see that the life of Jesus Christ is formed in you. So that you are no longer living by yourself, but it is Christ that lives in you. Praise the name of the Lord. Let us go to Colossians chapter 3 and then verse one. Colossians 3:1, "If you be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ siteth on the right hand of God. He says if you are risen with Christ then your desires should be those things that are above. In other words, you desire more of God in your life. The things of God make you happy. Like David when he had let us go into the house of God. He said I was glad when they said that let us go into the house of God. The things that pertain to the kingdom of God will always make you very happy will always excite you. You will take time to listen to them. You'll always try to see that you follow those things after God. So then he says, "Seek those things which are above where Christ siteth on the right hand of God because you have a passion of them. You know, you have such a longing because you are connected there. And when you are born from above, you'll always desire the things that are comfortable. You desire the things that are true. Then set your affection on the things above, not on the things on earth. So then your mind is always on the word of God. How you can obey the word of God. how you desire more of God to be revealed to you to see that you are in constant fellowship. Praise the name of our Lord with the spirit of God. Then he says, "For you are dead and your life is hid with Christ in God." That means that the sins of this world They mean little to you, you know. They are just like you can look at it if it is there well and if it's not there still you are not troubled about it. Praise the name of the Lord. Because you are connected up in heaven. Your desires are the things above. Praise the name of the Lord. So the things of this life are so temporary to you. You are more mindful about the things in heaven. Praise the name of our Lord. When Christ who is our life shall appear, then shall he also appear with him in glory. Praise the name of our Lord. Christ becomes your life. He he settles into you. You know, you become the manifestation of Christ. And that should always be our desire, the truth living in us, desiring more of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Even your life reflects the truth. Your speech, it reflects the truth. Your walk reflects the truth. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, you are you are not afraid or maybe somebody's not afraid about you because you will walk and manifest that same truth that is in you. Praise the name of the Lord. In the message adoption, he says, "What is truth? The word of God. Is that right? John 17:17. He say, "Sanctify them father through thy truth. Thy word is truth. What was the salvation was trying to tell them? Predestinated before the foundation of the earth to adoption of sons, predestinated to eternal life. Now, after you come into eternal life, after you've been saved, sanctified, filled with the Holy Ghost, you are sons, now God wanting to place you positionary so that you can work for his kingdom and his glory. That is the gospel. Being fast, hear the word. Repent and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins, taking away your sins, calling on the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, for the promised land. The promise is unto every soj that's on your road. If you left your home tonight a sinner saying, "I will walk over to the Brham tabernacle. [Music] God gives you the opportunity tonight. There is one thing lays between you and the promised land. What is the promised land? The Holy Ghost. What laid between Joshua and the promised land was Jordan. Exactly right. Moses being a type of Christ led the children up to the promised land. Moses did not take the children in the promised land. Joshua took the people in and divided up the land. Jesus paid the price, led them up to the Holy Spirit. God sent the Holy Spirit down and he positionally put the church in order. each man filling him with his presence of his being. You see what I mean? All in Christ Jesus. How God predestinated this to the calling of this gospel. Praise the name of Lord. So you see it is the Lord himself working out your salvation. allow him to lead you all through the way. Praise the name of our Lord. He saves you. He justifies you. He sanctifies you. He fills you with the Holy Spirit. And he positionally places you in the body of Jesus. And each of us in the body of Jesus Christ, we have a work to do in the kingdom of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Each and every one of us. There is a purpose of God. He has saved you that you may serve him in his kingdom. Praise the name of our Lord. Each and every one of us. You are a witness at your place of work about the living God. When they see you, that's what the Bible says. Let your light so shine before all. Praise the name of our Lord. In the book of Matthew, as I try to finish, Matthew chapter 5, he says verse 13, You are the salt of the earth. But if the salt have lost its favor, where wither or shall it be salted? It is forth good for nothing but to be cast out and to be trodden under the foot of men. You are the light of the world. A city that is set on a hill cannot be hid. Neither do men light a candle and put it under the bushell, but on a candlestick, and it giveth light upon all that are in the house. Let your light so shine before men that they might see your good works and glorify your father which is in heaven. Praise the name of our Lord. Let the light so shine. Let the word be made manifest in our lives. Let the truth come out of us. Praise the name of our Lord that surely the Lord lives in our lives. That's the desire of our God. that each and every one of us can walk in the light, can live in the truth. Praise the name of our Lord. May God bless you. Amen. Let us stand up and sing that song, Jesus the light of the world. 142. On Friday we have an overnight overnight. Then on Sunday we have two services. The afternoon service will be for the married people or those who want to get into marriage. Amen. All ye saints of light proclaim Jesus the light of the world. Life and mercy in his name. Jesus the light of the world. We walk in the light. Beautiful land come where the dew drops of mercies are brown. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. Here the Savior's home. Jesus the light of the world. Send the gospel truth to all Jesus the light of the world. Halleluah. We walk in the land beautiful land. Come where are the dwar drops of mercies brown. Shine all around us but they are burn down. Jesus the light of the world. Why not seek him there today? Jesus the light of the world. Go with truth the narrow way. Jesus the light of the world. Hallelu. We walk in the light. Beautiful light. Come where are the drops of mercies are bright. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. Come confess it as your king. Jesus the light of the world. Then the bells of heaven will ring. Jesus the light of the world. We walk. We walk in the land beautiful land. Come where the children draw of mercies are brown. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. Amen. Let us sing a song. one song and then we can each of us pray. I am thine, oh Lord. I have heard thy voice and it told thy love to me. [Music] A long to rise in the arms of faith and be close. Draw to thee. Draw me nearer, nearer a blessed Lord to thy cross where thou hast died. Draw me nearer, nearer. Blessing Lord to thy preious bleeding sound. Consecrate me now to thy service. [Music] Lord, by the power of grace divine. [Laughter] Let my soul look up with a steast hope and my will be lost still down. Draw me near a blessing Lord to thy cross where thou [Music] draw me nearer nearer. Blessing Lord to thy praying son. for the pure delight [Music] of our city. God are that before thy throne I speak. When I kneel in prayer and with thee my Lord I commune friend with friend draw me Near near blessed to thy cross where thou hast died. Draw me nearer, nearer. Blessing Lord to thy praying sign. There are depth of love that I can not know till I cross the narrow [Music] sea. There are so of joy that I may not reach till I rest in peace with thee. Draw me near, near a blessed Lord, to thy cross where thou hast died. Draw me nearer, nearer blessing Lord to thy praying sign. Each of us can speak to the Lord. Father, we thank you. We give praise unto your holy name. And Lord, we thank thee, Father, for the word of life that you've given unto us, Lord. We thank you, Lord, that you are the very truth, dear Lord, that we have need of, Lord. We pray may give us the grace in the name of Jesus Christ. that every day we may ever live and ever walk by thy truth, Lord Jesus Christ, that we may be able to seek your face every other day, my God, even as you said, Father, in your word, that if we be risen with Christ, we need to seek those things that are above the things that are in heaven, Lord. And how the devil can come in Lord and puts it upon our hearts. So am I that we seek the things of this world and how the cultures, how the sciences, how the civilization and how the conduct and the progresses and the achievements Lord but we pray may help us father to learn how best we can seek you to learn how best we can wait upon you. Learn how best we can do your will. For we need you heavenly father. We depend upon your grace. We depend upon your mercies. Wash us in the blood of Jesus Christ. Help us to depend upon you. Help us to glorify your holy name. Help us to magnify your holy name. Help us to live the life of Jesus Christ that Lord your life may be made known to us. Your life my God may be so real in us Lord. Father even as we live every other day living waiting on you depending upon you Lord that father may take over all our lives may take over all our being in the name of Jesus Christ we need your grace father we need your mercies Lord for you are great for you are wonderful change us dear Lord transform us dear Lord fill us with your power from on high Lord that your spirit may be so real in our lives your word may be so ruin our lives. We no longer live by ourselves, but you, Lord Jesus, living in us, expressing yourself to us, manifesting yourself to us, and showing us the path that we have to walk. We want to thank you for this evening. We want to thank you for your love. We want to thank you for your mercies. We want to thank for the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Oh God, wash us in the blood of Jesus. Establish us in the present truth. Guide us and direct us Lord and help us to do your will for the name of the Lord is a strong and might tower righteous right and they are safe and we just want to run into your name we just want to be right there under the blood washed and established in you heavenly father fill every one of us with your spirit save the sinners in our midst Lord deliver the captive and set them free bound in different stressions Lord we pray that father even the things of this out oh God may never take a hold of us Lord that we able to overcome the world and the lust thereof and the wickedness thereof we may be able to step down stamp on them walk above them heavenly father even as you've made us dear Lord to be kings and priests that Lord we reign over a spiritual kingdom give us the grace father that every day that we live we may walk right under the blood we may shine right under the blood. We may live right under the blood in the name of Jesus Christ, giving us the grace to overcome this evil day. We thank you for this service. We thank for your grace upon us. We thank for ministering to us Lord your purpose and what it has been done. We want to thank you father and Lord even as we come the end of the service. How we pray that you may grant every one of us safe traveling mercies and lead us safely. Father, we pray even Father for the services tomorrow in Nigerian upon them. We pray for the overnights on Friday that you may have primess upon it. And we pray father for the on Sunday you may come get us again here Lord that we may be able to worship you and hear from you speaking to our heart. We pray for brother Andreas as he travels oh God das and use him for the services there this evening. Anoint him for your services Lord and even pastors they move to Maza. May you anoint them for these services over this weekend that your purpose may be done in all these meetings Lord to speak to your children Lord to reveal yourself to your children of God to manifest yourself to your children of God and show them the path that they have to walk the path of truth and righteousness for your holy name's sake oh God honestly look at you father we depend upon you Lord we honestly glorify and magnify your name because the name of the Lord is a strong and mighty tower and the righteous right and they are safe and we are thankful unto you Lord we Grateful aren't you Lord? We worship you and adore and magnify forever more. Blessed be thy name Lord forever more. Receive all the glory Lord Jesus. Receive all the horn heavenly father. Guide us Lord. Direct us Lord. Manifest yourself to us Lord and bless us all together. We lift all our burdens into your hands. We lift all our needs into your hands that Lord you may be gracious to provide for each and everything. Oh God, and to hear everyone's prayer, everyone's desire. Lord, you may answer us, Father, as you have promised. Lord, we depend on you and call upon your name. Be magnified, Lord. Be glorified, Lord. We thank you for this evening. We thank you for the service. Lord, be with us as we travel home that your grace may be with us. Oh God, that has brought us here may take us back home safely again. We bless you and honor Father, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, to pray this. Amen. Thank you Jesus. How we worship and how we adore you Lord. Blessed be thy name Lord forever more. Amen. Thank you Jesus. Thank you Lord. We've come to the end of the service. Just remember on Friday we have an overnight and then on Sunday we have two services. The afternoon service is for the married people. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us sing that song. We walk in the light. We walk in the light. Beautiful light. Come where the drops of mercies are brown. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. We walk, we walk in the land, beautiful land. Come where the dwar drops of mercies are brown. Shine all around us by day and by night. Jesus the light of the world. Here the savior's next call. Jesus the light of the world. Send the gospel truth to all. Jesus the light of the world. We walk. We walk in the land. Beautiful land. Somewhere the dew drops of mercies are bright. Shine all around us by day and night. Jesus the light of the world. Come confess him as your king. Jesus the light of the world. Then the bells of heaven will ring. Jesus the light of the world. Oh, we walk, we walk in the light. Beautiful lamb, come
