################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-20 - The Spirit Of Life              Pastor Katumba James           20.08.2025 - Katumba James.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-08-20
Title:    The Spirit Of Life      |        Pastor Katumba James    |       20.08.2025
Speaker:  Katumba James
Church:   Inner Veil Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 54m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iDGumueSqo
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Born, born, born again. Thank God I'm born. Oh yes. Born, born, born again. Thank God I'm born again. Born born again. Thank God I'm born again. Born out. Born. Born. Born again. Thank God I'm born again. Born. Born. Born again. Thank God I'm born again. [Music] Born of the water spirit and the blood. Thank God I'm born again. [Music] Born of the water spirit and thank God I'm born again. Born again born again. Thank God I'm born again. [Music] Born born again. Thank God I'm born again. Born again born again. Thank God I'm born again. [Music] Born born born again. Thank God I'm born again. [Music] Blessing [Music] Glen when I was born again. Gladen when I was born again. Gladen when I was born again. It was the gladden when I was born again. Born again. Glad when I was born again. Gladen [Music] when I was born again. Gladen [Music] when I was born again. It was the gladden when I was born again. The things I used to do, I do them no more. The things I used to do, I do them no more. The things I used to do, I do them no more. It was the glad when I was born again. Oh, glad. Keyboard switch off. When I was born again. Switch off the keyboard. Gladen. When I was born again. [Music] Gladen [Music] when I was born again. It was the gladen when I was born again. Let us sing and say he cares for us. As we prepare to speak to the Lord, he car for you. Sing with me. He car for you through sunshine all sha adore. He carth for you. Sing and say he [Music] car for you. I want to hear you sing. Oh yes, he carth for you. [Music] Oh, through sunshine no shadow. [Music] He car for you once again as you prepare to talk to the Lord. Oh, he car for you. Oh yes, he care for you through through sunshine or shadow. Oh, he carth for you dear Lord Jesus Christ. We've come back Lord Jesus Christ into your presence Lord knowing father you carth for us. We know Lord Jesus we cannot care on ourselves Lord. We cannot Lord Jesus walk by ourselves Lord because Lord Jesus if the spirit of Christ is not in us Lord then Lord God our life is in vain Lord Jesus. That's why we call upon your name. We call upon your spirit Lord to come into us Lord that you it may live his own life that it may bring father the transformation of the spirit the the transformation father the change of mind the change of life Lord and the change of being Lord we know Lord Jesus you are determined with us Lord like the porter father we are declaring your hands father Lord Jesus if we have a fault somewhere Lord you won't father throw away the clay you won't take away father like the mad Lord but Lord Jesus you break us Lord break us again Lord and make us Lord Jesus holy and sanctify us Lord and removed us Lord Jesus into that nature Lord which corresponds father with your word and into the nature father which Lord Jesus lines into the obedience of the leadership of the Holy Spirit Lord I commit father your children who have come Lord I commit Lord Jesus the saints Lord who have father Lord Jesus on the way who coming. Lord, may they Lord Jesus have a seat a sweet rest Lord. May they come in hasty Lord to be partakers Father of this heavenly conversation Lord because Father their conversation is in heaven and Lord the word of God is coming father oh die from the throne of mercy to speak to us Lord that's why you've gathered Lord as it is written eagles gather around the cacus Lord this is the cacus father the word of God we commit father Lord Jesus this service Lord and we commit father Lord the the preacher Lord the minister Father who is coming to preach Lord to the purchase of the blood. May you encourage him Lord Lord Jesus strike Father that Lord Jesus Christ that word Lord that Lord Jesus may take away Father Lord Jesus our iniquities. May you take away Father unholiness Lord. May you cleanse us Lord like Moses father he used to pass that place Lord and that place Lord seemed to be father no more place but when the presence of God came down the place Lord became strange father and it became holy that's why we call upon your name Lord that Lord Jesus you may come and subdue us you may come Lord God and dwell in us that Lord our life may start aresh Lord we need the refilling of the baptism of the Holy Spirit we need father the reformation, Father, the transformation, Lord Jesus, and Father, the refreshment, Father, of our joy, Lord, to this salvation, Lord. You've given us the prophet, you've given us the anointing, Lord, which is keeping us, Lord, as it is written, in the days of the voice, Lord. Indeed, Father, we are not in the presence of the man Malachi followed, but we are the people, Lord, living in the days of the voice, Lord, the prophet has gone ahead of us. And father is left with us Lord your word. That's why Lord Jesus we rejoice at your word. We know father we we we are really confident Lord that Lord Jesus you refresh us every day Lord. That's why Lord Jesus we see old men father who have Lord Jesus gotten father old in this message they know zeal for God becomes new and new father and they challenge even us young youth Lord. But I pray Lord may the spirit of God continue Lord to work in us Lord that we may Lord Jesus wait upon you father until we see Lord the body change Lord until we see the whole entire father word of God being manifested in us Lord we commit the service into your hand. May you clear father our throats Lord as we sing the praises. May you take us Lord in today's true worship Lord like that worship father of Abbe Lord the worship of faith Lord as you said father it is hard Lord to praise God if you don't have faith Lord Jesus and faith cometh by hearing I know your children Lord have gotten faith Lord that's why they have come to worship you Lord may you receive them Lord as they do they do father the worship Lord in Jesus's name father we pray amen Amen. Let us sing that song as we prepare to hear the minister. That song which says baptized into the body 129. Brother, can you adjust the guitar please? Just [Music] are you sorry the keys. Are you in the judge triumphant? Are you in the Savior's bride? Come and be baptized into the body. You sing it. And forever more abide. Are you in? Are you in the church? I am found. Are you in the savior? Come and be Come and be baptized into the boat and forever and forever more. [Music] Are you in? Are you in the church triumphant? Are you in the savior? Come and be Come and be baptized. [Music] [Music] If you can put it up for [Music] Spirit of the Living gold [Music] fall fresh on me. Spirit of the livinging God for fresh on me. Break me. Help me. Mold me. Feel me. Spirit of the livinging good fall fresh on me is Lord is Lord. Amen. He has risen from the dead and he is Lord. [Music] Every knee shall bow down. Every tongue confess that Jesus [Music] Christ is Lord is here. Is here. He is here. Amen. He has risen from the dead and is here. [Music] Every knee shall bom. Every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is here is my savior. He is my savior. Amen. He has risen from the dead and is my savior. [Music] Every knee shall bow down every time. Oh face that Jesus Christ is my savior. Let us pray. Our heavenly father, how we are thankful unto you dear Lord Jesus Christ for this privilege father that you've given unto us Lord that we can come into your presence Lord you promised us in your word that where two or three are gathered in your name you will be there in their midst and father we want to thank you father that we are more than two or even more than three and we are here gathered father in your holy name May you therefore speak to our hearts. Father, we've come, dear heavenly father, with various prayer requests, various burdens in our hearts. We pray that Lord Jesus Christ, may you come down, heavenly father, in our midst, Lord, and bless us, Father. Speak to us, Father. Fill us with your Holy Spirit, Lord. Change our nature completely, Lord. Change our thinking, our thoughts, and everything about us, Lord. and transform us heavenly father that we may be fashioned into your image oh God grant all the requests of your children Lord heal such as a sick and afflicted Lord manifest and reveal yourself to us oh God and bless us together Father remember even Caleb the son of our brother Josh now tire lifting him into your hands that your grace may father abide father in the sation he's in and help Lord God father in all the processes Lord upon his life to make his life better Lord we also So pray father for a pastor Lord and even his wife and faith and Reuben Lord and the family that Lord you may give them comfort and strength father. Lord Jesus Christ may prepare for that funeral Lord in Kenya Lord. We pray that your grace may be upon them in the name of Jesus Christ. We also remember Lord our brother Moses Lord over the passing on of his mother. Lord we pray that your grace may also strengthen him his family Lord and stand with them in such also trying moment. of God. There also many other prayer requests though that are not known. Father, we lift every one of them into your hands that you may hear the prayers of all your children all their burdens. Heavenly Father, we pray your mother neighbor in the name of Jesus Christ to come down in every stress and father rectify it Lord. I'll make it even better. We love you Lord. We bless your holy name and we magnify you Lord that you always hear our prayers Lord and you are concerned even about our prayers Lord. how we worship you Lord. Thank you for this evening Lord. We love you and magnify your holy name. In the name of Jesus Christ we grant us this. Amen. Let us turn to our Bibles. We are going to the book of Romans chapter 8. We're reading from verse 1 up to verse 9. [Music] this evening part of my family which lives in Mukono they around my sister Lydia if you can raise up your hand she's there together with Becky Jared Esther and even my daughter Plet is back from school and also Prisca we thank God that they've been able to join So Romans, we're reading Romans chapter 8 and then verse one to verse 9. [Music] Romans chapter 8 from verse one to verse 9. [Music] The scripture says, "There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the spirit, [Music] &gt;&gt; for the law of the spirit of life in Christ Jesus has made me free from the law of sin and death. [Music] law could not do in that it was weak through the flesh. God sending his own son in the likeness of sinful flesh and for sin condemned sin in the flesh. [Music] [Music] that the spirit that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us who walk not after the flesh but after the spirit. For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh, but they that are after the spirit the things of the spirit. For to be minded is death, but to be spiritually minded is life and peace. Because the carnal mind is enimity against God. For it is not subject to the law of God. Neither indeed can be. [Music] So then they that are in the flesh cannot please God. But you are not in the flesh but in the spirit. If so be that the spirit of God dwell in you. Now if any man have not the spirit of Christ, he is none of his. [Music] May God bless of his word. You may be seated. Praise the name of our Lord. So this evening by the grace of God. I'm picking the subject from verse two. The spirit of life. &gt;&gt; The spirit of life is what we want. take some bit of time. Most of the Wednesdays we've been ministering here. We've been talking about the Holy Spirit. Praise the name of our Lord. And then yesterday I was just in my meditations and it came strongly on me to speak about the spirit of life which could be more of a summary which could be a summary you know all what we've been talking about about the spirit of God of the Holy Spirit. Now the spirit of life is the Holy Spirit. The spirit of life is the spirit of God. The spirit of life is the spirit of Christ. There's really no difference. Now in the message what is the Holy Ghost? Brother Brandham says, "How could we go into details of that and break down of how when of how when it it makes intercession for our ignorance? [Music] He was talking about the Holy Spirit that the Holy Spirit makes intercession for our ignorance. Sometimes when we got the Holy Ghost, we ignorantly stagger into something. The Holy Spirit is there to make advocate for us. He is our advocator. He stands there. He is our attorney. He stands there and pleads for us. We don't plead for ourself because the Holy Ghost in us pleads for us. the Holy Spirit giving utterance sometimes with words you can't understand. You know, you can get that in Romans chapter 8. And then in verse 26, he says, "Likewise, the spirit also helps our infirmities. For we know not what we should pray for as we ought, but the Spirit itself makes intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered. And then he that searches the hearts knows what is the mind of the spirit. because he makes intercession for the saints according to the will of God. Now you see God gives us his spirit in a measure. Praise the name of our Lord. Just on the day of Pentecost when the Holy Ghost came down from heaven, there appeared tongues of fire. You know, I would just describe it like this way like when you light a candle and then there is there is wind you know that fire on the candle know the way it shakes like that. So even on the day of Pentecost, they were seeing on each other's head a tongue of fire. A tongue of fire. And you know the Bible says when the Holy Ghost came down from heaven, he divided himself. You know like the Luganda brings it out. Well, when we go to the book of Acts chapter 2, and then the scripture says, &gt;&gt; verse three, "And there appeared unto them cloven tanks like as of fire, and it sat upon each of them." You listen to the Luganda now. You see dividing himself. So we get a measure of God that comes down in our lives. And now that measure of God is the Holy Spirit. And then the Bible is telling us that the Holy Spirit knows the mind of God. Praise the name of our Lord. The Holy Spirit knows the will of God. So now when the Holy Spirit comes in us, he will always make sure that he leads us by the will of God. And now because we live in these bodies, sometimes you are always resistant to the move of God or sometimes like brother has said We ignorantly stagger into something. You find you are in trouble. You find you are trespassing and the Holy Spirit in you. Intercede you know and then says restore him back. Take him back to the path of truth. Sometimes you are in darkness. You know, you don't exactly what to do, but then the spirit of God comes around and lightens the path. Praise the name of our Lord. Sometimes you are in a junction of life. You don't know which decision to make. That's why you need to learn to rely on the Holy Spirit. When you get stuck in your life, when you get stuck in your life, you know, you take time, commit the issue before the hand of God. Lord, this is the challenge that I'm having. Lord, I can't move any further. Lord, I'm stuck here. You know, you may not know the way. You may not know the path ahead, but at least know that the Lord is there with me to guide you through the challenges of life. That's why he sent the Holy Spirit in our lives that the Holy Spirit can guide us. The Holy Ghost can lead us. The Holy Ghost can reveal himself to us. So now you it's better if you have accepted the Lord Jesus as your personal savior see that you receive the baptism of the Holy Spirit. Praise the name of our Lord because he says that he intercedes for us according to the will of God. So we go back to the message what is the Holy Ghost. So he says the Holy Spirit giving utterance sometimes with words you can't understand and sometimes the Holy Spirit can come upon you and makes you to start interceding for somebody else. You think about somebody then you get a burden then you start praying for that person. Say Lord have mercy upon this. Sometimes somebody has done you wrong and then you remember it. Then say Lord have mercy upon my brother. Lord have mercy upon my sister. You are interceding for them. Praise the name of our Lord. Not again to say Lord that person has done me wrong. May he get a punishment? [Music] &gt;&gt; No, that's not it. &gt;&gt; But you see, you intercede also. &gt;&gt; You carry that burden. You become your brother's keeper. You become your sister's keeper. Error into something. So you stand in the gap interceding to God. Help my brother. My sister, deliver them Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. It's very good to have the Holy Spirit in your life. Then he says, "When I walk into anything, I walk like a little kid. You walk like a little fellow. We are walking in a dark world full of enemies full of sin full of traps full of everything. Oh, you say I'm afraid to take Christian Christian life. I'm afraid to do this. I'm afraid to do this. Don't be afraid. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. Why shouldn't you be afraid? We have got an advocate. [Music] He knows the way. Praise the name of our Lord. He knows the path to take. He stands by us. He is in us and he makes intercessions for us. The Bible has said in Romans chapter 8, make intercessions for us according to our infirmities. [Music] Praise the name of our Lord. Whatever infirmity you have, just lift it in the hand of the Lord. Lord, this is my weakness. Lord, this is my failure. Lord, this is where I'm ering. Lord, I'm not good in this area. Lord, help me in this area. be free and talk to the Lord about it praise the name of our Lord. You know the Bible says whoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved. So in whatever situation see that you call upon the name of the Lord. I'm calling upon your name and help me in this weakness. That's why the Lord send the Holy Ghost. You know the Bible says that the Holy Spirit, praise the name of our Lord, when you read in Ephesians chapter one and then verse 13, we can go to verse 14 directly. Praise the name of our Lord. Ephesians chapter 1 verse1 14. The Bible says which is the earnest of our inheritance. So the Holy Spirit is the earnest is a downp payment is an assurance. Praise the name of our Lord. When you have the Holy Spirit, you are assured by God. God has assured you that all his promises, everything you have need of in this life is already given to us in the Holy Spirit. So now it's you to call upon the name of the Lord. Lord, there is a weakness I have. I think evil thoughts. Then you call on the God. Let the Holy Ghost come in that area to remove the desire to do evil things, to remove the desire for funny things in your life. And the Holy Spirit will take away those things that are contrary to the word of God. He brings his own righteousness. He brings his own life there. That's how we depend upon the Lord. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of the Lord. So then he says, "Don't be afraid." We have an advocate. Amen. Amen. &gt;&gt; He stands by us. He is in us and makes intercessions for us. The Holy Spirit. See what brother Brandham is saying. constantly. &gt;&gt; You get it? &gt;&gt; He constantly, &gt;&gt; you know, he constantly making an advocate for us all the time. Praise the name of our Lord. You just need to desire to have the spirit of God in your life. He is our advocator. Oh, how we thank God for that. A seal, a sign, the spirit of life, the God of heaven, the comforter, the life, the advocate, what is he? Oh my, we could go on for hours with it. Praise the name of the Lord. The Holy Spirit is the one that starts our salvation. You can never start your salvation. You cannot say you cannot say I was sleeping and I thought I then I brought myself here and I got saved. No, there is nothing good in you to begin with. It is the Holy Spirit that brings the conviction in your life. Praise the name of the Lord. Now in John chapter 16 and then verse 7 the Bible says, "Nevertheless, I tell you the truth, it is expedient for you that I go away. For if I go not away, the comforter will not come unto you. But if I depart, I will send him unto you. And why does he send him? In verse eight, he says when he is come, he will reprove the world of sin. Now to reprove is to convict. He says he will reprove the world of sin and of righteousness and of judgment of sin because they believe not on me. So now when the Holy Spirit comes when he comes to the sinner he convicts the sinner. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. That's where the Holy Ghost starts working upon our lives by conviction. Say, "No, no, no, no, no. I don't want to continue this path anymore. I no longer want to be rebellious before God. I don't want to live in my sin. I don't want to be as if as I've been. The things that I do, I no longer want them." Then you start thinking where you can be helped. Where can I be delivered? &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. And then as he convicts you, praise the name of our Lord because the conviction comes by the word of God. You know the word of God convicts you and then when he convicts you, praise the name of the Lord. by the Holy Spirit himself, he leads you into justification. So it is the Holy Spirit that convicts us. So it's the Holy Spirit that justifies us. It is the Holy Spirit that sanctifies us. And it's the same Holy Spirit that fills us. Now where is the Holy Spirit? You know for me I live in but you know the when will I get it? &gt;&gt; Now who told you that the Holy Spirit is in you know I'm just down here at justification. I don't know when when I will get the Holy Ghost. It's the Holy Ghost justifying you. away the Holy Ghost. Now, &gt;&gt; praise the name of our Lord. So, the work of salvation is all of the Lord. That's what it is. All our salvation has been done by the Lord Jesus Christ. So, for you, what you are meant to do to accept the finished work. Accept the finished work. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in Romans chapter 8 where we've read from verse 10 to verse 11, [Music] he says, "And if Christ be in you, the body is dead because of sin, but the spirit is life because of righteousness. Now I just want to take some bit of time here. He says the spirit is life because of righteousness. In other words, the spirit of God brings life to us because of righteousness. Then what is righteousness? Now in Romans chapter 4, &gt;&gt; praise the name of our Lord. And then verse five, the Bible says, "But to him that workketh not, but believeth on him, that justifyth the ungodly, his face is counted for righteousness. Now our righteousness comes as a result of faith. Now the Bible says Abraham believed God and it was counted unto him for righteousness. See how the Lord makes us righteous. God makes us righteous by believing his word. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us speak the the scripture here again in Genesis. The book of Genesis. Let me get it here. Genesis chapter 17. &gt;&gt; Okay, I beg your pardon. Genesis chapter 16. &gt;&gt; Okay, rather it's Genesis chapter 15 and verse 6. We can get the an we can pick it up from verse three. &gt;&gt; And Abraham said, "Behold to me, thou has not given no seed, and lo, one born in my house is mine hair." And behold, the word of the Lord came unto him, saying, This shall not be your hair, but he that shall come forth out of thy own bowels shall be your hair. Now you look at Abraham, &gt;&gt; a very old man, and the Bible says, "Even Sarah had seized going through her periods." And then God tells Abraham, "Look at the stars. That's how your seed shall be. And he will come from your loins." Abraham old. &gt;&gt; Sarah old, no more periods. Then Abra Abraham when he when God said come out and see look toward the heaven tell the stars if you are able to number them and he said unto him so shall your seed be taking God at his word. That's what we meant to do. We need to take God at his word. If the Lord has made any promise to us, the Bible says there are two immutable things to God. He swore by himself. So if we swore by himself, he says whatever I have said, I'm going to fulfill it. Then the second immutable thing, God cannot lie. So whatever he says to you, you receive it by faith. Like Abraham, so when Abraham looked at the stars, praise the name of our Lord. And each of those stars was representing the names in the Lamb's book of life. Praise the name of our Lord. The stars the stars were in different they appear in different sizes. And you know when when people studed the the skies they know that this is near, this one is far. This one is what? Praise the name of our Lord. So he saw the seed. He saw the names in the lamb's book of life. Jesus was representing a name. Praise the name of our Lord. Do you believe that? Should I ask you a question? Did Abraham see you? &gt;&gt; If you in the Lamb's book of life, I saw your representation there. Praise the name of the Lord. You know, you have to take these things by faith. Abraham saw me. Praise the name of the Lord. When God was asking Job, why were you when the morning star sang for joy, praise the name of our Lord. So now the Bible says in verse six, and he believed in the Lord. &gt;&gt; Do you also believe in the Lord? Praise the name of the Lord. And when he believed in the Lord, it was counted unto him for righteousness. Praise the name of our Lord. So then the Bible told us in Romans 8:10 that the spirit of life, the spirit is life because of righteousness. So now when the Holy Spirit speaks to you the word of God and then you believe the word of God then it is counted unto you for righteousness. And now when you receive the righteousness that's how life starts working in us. That's how the spirit of life becomes effective in our lives. When we hear the word of God, we believe the word of God because the Bible says, the spirit is life that is to us. The spirit of God, the Holy Spirit becomes life to us when we believe the word of God. If you want the spirit of God to be life in you, just accept the word of God. So the spirit of life becomes active in your life when you obey the word of God. So we are called to obey the word of God. We are called to believe the word of God. And this is what the Lord Jesus Christ says in John chapter 7. Praise the name of our Lord. &gt;&gt; John chapter 7. And then verse 37. In the last day, that great day of the feast, Jesus stood and cried, saying, "If a man thirst, let him come unto me and drink. [Music] He that believeth on me, as the scripture has said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water. Amen. Praise the name of the Lord. Out of your belly if you just keep on believing. If you just keep on obeying. So you stimulate that river to keep on flowing. And that's how we live a true Christian life. have the opportunity of hearing the word of God. Coming to church the way we have come you've come to drink from the fountain. So when you receive the word Lord this is mine allow that word to bring a transformation in your life in the morning in your prayer time you know wait on the Lord read the word of God maybe in the evening reading the word of God meditating upon the word of God what are you doing you are drinking and as you keep on drinking you are receiving more of the life and as you keep on receiving more of the life you know that fountain keeps on pushing away the trash in your life you know the trashes you've got through maybe Facebook on Tik Tok on YouTube or when you are walking on the road funny things you've seen funny things you've heard when you drink from the living fountain mountain flushes them out and then you find yourself that you are stronger even to stand before any challenge that comes in your life. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message here he says one in a million and Christ died for you &gt;&gt; and you are transplanted from the world into Christ and everything you have need of is right in you. by the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Isn't that right? Now, the only thing you have to do is just start drinking from that, praise the name of the Lord, you keep drinking. Then he says, "And as the tree drinks, it brings it begins to push out leaves. It's bad pushes out its fruit each year. The fruit is not in the ground. The fruit is in the plant. How many understand that? Say amen. So see the fruit is in the plant. And every plant has to drink from this fountain. And the rain comes down. Gives the plant life to drink from. As it drinks, it grows. And as it is growing up until it comes to the full bird. just like the church has to bloom out in this age. [Music] And as we drink, we grow. But if the plant refuses to drink, then the plant cannot grow. And if you will just believe it now individually, praise the name of our Lord, the spirit of life, it's a living fountain. So you have to keep on drinking. And as you drink and to drink is to believe. To drink is to obey. And then you see that spirit take over your thoughts. where you are thinking bad things. The spirit takes over. You think positive things. You stop thinking about negative things. You start thinking about things that are concerned with the word of God. And as your mind is changed, then even what you speak because you speak your thoughts. So your thoughts have been changed. So even the words you speak. You are no longer negative. You are no longer that kind of hard person. Somebody who slanders others, you know, somebody who kind of blackmails others, the words change because the mind has been changed and then you find that even your actions are changing, what you are doing are changing. Why? Because you are drinking and the change of mind. Praise the name of our Lord is growth. They change the way you speak. You are no longer cursing all the time. But your blessing is growth. You used to go to the discourse. You used to go to the bars. You used to go to funny places. But now that spirit of God in you cannot tolerate going to those places. So you have you are growing there is a change in your life. If they start counting drunkards and they go to do a roll call in the bar your name there disappears. Ah this one no longer is our member. even stopped subscription last year and even the seat has been taken over by somebody that is growth. Praise the name of our lord. You know brother is in right now. Now there was a witch doctor a a chief witch doctor in that whole place. And he took him I think early this year. He took him and all his witches and shrines and everything. And then this witch doctor had a son was also a witch doctor in Campala. You know even some of these good music go there some of them are shrines. So he was renting somewhere and he had shrines on where he was renting. So the father told him manh me I've got saved you come and come. Because the father was supplying the son. So he accepted the lord Jesus. They were baptized in the name of Jesus. Now on Monday, &gt;&gt; this wid doctor is above 70 years. The wife passed on unfortunately. And he said me I'm saved. I can never allow my wife to be buried like which doctors. &gt;&gt; So they had to call the brother and he went there yesterday. He went there. He went there before yesterday. I think he went yesterday and then the burial was yesterday. So now they when the village saw these people saying that the witch doctor refusing to bury the wife and said the pastor who converted me is coming to bury. So when he reached there, people were amazed. This man is serious. So all the neighbors and even other witch doctors, two of them, 20 people got saved yesterday at the funeral. And now the man's name has changed from a witch doctor to locally. And then he was when brother brother was preaching about the bodies in heaven. He said oh God when is my time to go into that body. Said I thank God my wife has gone to that body. Me I'm ready to go there now. There is a change in his life and that's what the Lord does. He comes and changes us from those things which are evil. So now when we receive the word of God, let us keep on drinking. Praise the name of our Lord. Drinking and then your change keeps on coming. You used to do this, you no longer do that. You used to like doing this funny thing, you no longer do that. You used to hate people, you no longer hate people. You used to despise others, you no longer despise others. If somebody does you something wrong, you want to return wrong to them. But then when you keep on drinking, the spirit of life keeps on releasing his life in you. until you become the manifestation what the Lord himself says. The Bible says written epistles, the word is inside you. The word is in your heart and that word in your heart is manifested outside by your words, by your actions, by your conduct, by everything about your life. Praise the name of the Lord. Now in 1 Corinthians chapter 6 and verse 9 he says know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God. Be not deceived, neither fornicators, neither nor idolators, nor are adulterers, nor are effeate, nor are abusers of themselves with mankind. He says, "All those categories shall not inherit the kingdom of God, nor are thieves, nor are covetous, nor are drunkards, nor are revilers, nor extortioners shall inherit the kingdom of God. Now the Holy Spirit, the spirit of life at the beginning gets us in those kind of condition. Get you a drunkard. Get you a fornicator. Get you an idolator. Get you are abusers of mankind. Get you a thief. Get you a drunkard. You even don't know where to go. You know that's your song. Then when it comes the neighbors, you are busy breaking people's homes. Like there's a man, I think, had four women at home, but they killed him at the neighbor's wife. bound. The Holy Ghost gets you in those kind of situations. Then the Bible says verse 11, and such were like them. Praise the name of the Lord. Some of us and such were some of you. So what has happened now? You are washed. Praise the name of our Lord. You are sanctified. You are justified in the name of the Lord Jesus. And by the spirit of our Lord. So now the Holy Spirit takes you from a very wicked condition. When he gets you in wickedness, when he gets you in wickedness, he convicts you. And when you are convicted and then you say, "Lord, I believe I'm a sinner. I need to repent of my sins. I need to turn from my evil ways." If you take the word of God by faith, then he counts it for righteousness. And because of righteousness, the Holy Spirit releases his life and comes into you and then you say, "I want to be baptized." And then you are baptized in the water in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Your sins are remitted. You are justified. You have a desire in your heart, a longing in your heart. You know, you are sanctified. You are separated from wicked things. It's the same Holy Spirit who has convicted you in wickedness. It's the same Holy Spirit that sanctifies you. And it's the same Holy Spirit that fills you. So what you need to do, keep believing, keep drinking, keep obeying. It's the same life. The spirit of life starts at our conviction. And when you are convicted, don't go away. go there and be converted and say Lord I'm the sinner when Nathan visited David and told him you are the man David said in Psalms 51 and then Psalms chapter 51 and then in verse 4 he says &gt;&gt; against you and you only have I sinned and done this evil in your sight. That you may be justified when you speak and be clear when you judge. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. So when David heard the word, he never questioned it. He said, "Lord, you are right. I am the sinner. I need your deliverance. Whatever you have spoken is right." When you get convicted, that should be your confession. Lord, I'm the sinner. Lord, I've done so many things which are wrong. Lord, I need your deliverance. Lord, I need a change in my life. And then you follow him throughout the way. Praise the name of our Lord. That's how we are meant to do things, not to urge you. Just be obedient and then the spirit of life will keep on releasing his life. And you know the grace of God is this. When you hear the truth, obey the truth. But if you hear the truth and reject the truth, you may be harder. Let us go to Romans chapter one. Praise the name of our Lord. Romans chapter one. trying to be conscious of time. I pray the Lord gives us grace. In verse 21, Romans chapter 1 verse 21 says, "And because that when they knew God, they glorified him not as God, neither were thankful, but became vain in their imaginations, and their foolish heart was darkened. [Music] So you hear the truth. The Bible says that if you hear his voice, don't harden your heart. Because that's an open door for you. It means when God speaks about something, there is a door he has opened for you. There is deliverance he has put aside for you. There is mercy there waiting for you. So then you don't reject that opportunity. You say, "Lord, I am the person. Lord, I'm the one who needs deliverance. Praise the name of the Lord. And then you take that opportunity. Why? Because it is the same spirit of God, the spirit of life who is convicting you. And when he convicts you, he's telling you, I'm here to help you. I'm here to release my life to you. I'm here to give you the Holy Spirit. Praise the name of our Lord. That's how the Lord works in 2 Thessalonians chapter 2. Praise the name of our Lord. And then verse 10, he says, "And with all deceiveveniveness of unrighteousness in them that perish, because they received not the love of the truth, that they might be saved. [Music] And for this cause God send them strong delusion that they should believe a lie. that they might be damned who believed not the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness. Now, so when the word of God comes, he wants to deliver us from unrighteousness. So when you hear the word, allow the word of God to convict you to turn your heart to start hating those things you're doing. You hate drinking. Sometimes you may not have the ability to overcome it. But when you say, "I don't like it." That's a good step. Now, the next step to overcome that I don't like it is to stop it in you. You don't have that power to do that. So, what you need to do is allow the spirit of life to speak to you. And how does that happen? Bring yourself into the presence of the word of God. And as you hear the word of God, praise the name of the Lord. Brother Brandham says the preaching of the word casts out demons. So you present yourself before the word. And now when you hear the word, there is power of God in the word. Even your weaknesses keep on going away. So you present yourself where the power is being released because the word casts out demons and the word of God releases the Holy Spirit. That's what Jesus says. The word that I speak unto you is spirit. The Holy Spirit and life, righteousness, turning away from drunkardness, turning away from darkness, that life comes into you and you start hating those kind of things like that which doctor have talked about. turned away from those wickedness. Every one of those evil things, even the way they used to sing, the way they used to dress, all those things were turned away. Praise the name of everything was burnt up because he wanted the newness of life. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the book of John chapter 8, there are some people who came to Christ and then they were choosing the woman who was caught in adultery. And then Jesus told them, "Any of you who has never sinned, let him be the first one to cast a stone at him or at her. Now the Bible says John 8:7. &gt;&gt; So when they continued asking him, he lifted up himself and said unto them, "He that is without sin among you, let him first cast a stone at her. [Music] And again he stood down and wrote on the ground. And they that had it being convicted by their own conscience went out one by one, beginning at the eldest, even unto the last. And Jesus was left alone and the woman standing in the midst. [Music] Praise the name of the Lord. The Bible says the word of God is a two-edged sword. It cuts and goes into the marrow, the heart, the soul. And that's the word he spoke for them. They were looking at the outside and choosing the woman caught in a doubt. But now the word came from Christ and discern their thoughts. It went and started picking up whatever evil would have been doing in secret. And now when the word reached the center of their life in their soul, the Bible says they were convicted. Now look what this man self righteous brought the woman caught in adultery. She's killing our town. She's so evil. We need to stone her and then they put her before Christ and then they were surrounding Christ and Christ just sent the word. It had enough power, but the word too sharp. Like Steven, &gt;&gt; he spoke to them the word. The Bible says cut their hearts. Now we can't hear anymore. They pulled him outside of the seat and started stoning him to death. And now these men The word convicted them and they repent. No, just went away. But yet they were standing before the sacrifice himself. So now if the word convicts us don't go like those people but say Lord be like David. Lord what you have spoken is correct. Lord change me. remit my sins deliver me from this weakness. And that's how the spirit of life comes and takes over your life. Praise the name of our Lord. You just yield to the Lord. Say, "Lord, this is the condition I'm in." And then you are sincere before God. You tell God all your condition. You tell God all your situation. Lord, I have a lot of evil thoughts. Lord, I do many funny things. Lord, deliver me from this kind of condition. And then you are allowing the spirit of God to come and take charge over that situation. Praise the name of our Lord. So the Holy Spirit, the spirit of life, the more we yield to the word of God, the more he releases his life in us. And then you find that you are no longer yourself doing the things. But you know God is transforming you. God is changing you. Now in the message show us the father. says, "Now that little orange tree, when you plant it out, maybe when you get it, you plant it now, that's all you have to do." You don't have to go and say, "Now I've got me some oranges somewhere and go to dumping it into it. The oranges is already in it. The only thing that the little tree has to do, you have to keep plenty of water on it. And when and then the only thing the tree has to do is drink. And it drinks and drinks till it drinks over its amount. And as it drinks, it pushes out the limbs. And it drinks more. It pushes out the leaves. It drinks more. It pushes out the blossoms. And it drinks more, pushes out the oranges, drink. And push push. And that's you. Praise the name of our Lord. You get it? How that life works in us? Keep on drinking. Like I remember there is last season, you know, it rained And then people's maze was almost flowering there. It stopped raining and people didn't get much yield because there was no rain. Now to us the rain is always available. The Holy Spirit is always available. The word is of God is always available. It is due now to drink. Why would you want to drink and then you just stop at justification? Why don't you drink and continue drinking? Get into sanctification. Continue drinking. Get into the baptism of the Holy Ghost. Continue drinking and get into becoming bearing the fruit of the spirit. So it is us to keep on drinking. Praise the name of our Lord. Our time is getting late. Now let us go and read in this message. Brother Galatians chapter 5 what the spirit does. In Galatians 5:22, it says, "But the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance. Against such there is no law. [Music] Praise the name of our Lord. So when you keep on drinking, you must be able to manifest the life of the spirit. And the life of the spirit is manifested by the fruit of the spirit. And the fruit of the spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, meekness, temperance, and then he says, "Against such there is no law." Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message as I finish, what is the Holy Ghost? He says, "Now the spirit of God worked under justification under loser, sanctification under Wesley, the baptism of the Holy Ghost under Pentecost, and there it is in the last day performing and doing the very same things. what it did in Christ. The church and Christ has become one. And as they connect together, the last link &gt;&gt; she will go through the sky shouting again up will come Wesley Luther and all the rest of them back in those days. We are at the end time. That's what the Holy Ghost does. The Holy Ghost by justification, just a little shadow of it. The Holy Ghost by sanctification, a little deeper shadow of it. The Holy Ghost by the baptism of it, a deeper shadow. Now, the Holy Ghost by the restoration of its very person being in here forming signs and wonders like he did at the beginning. Praise the name of our Lord. The spirit of life. Allow the spirit of life to continue to work upon your life. then you'll become the manifestation of God. That's the desire of God. That's the harvest. You know, when you harvest, you don't harvest leaves. You don't harvest the back. You come to harvest the fruit. And that's why we have the message of the hour that the word we have received becomes a living reality in us. At the end of the day, we are going to be raptured. Praise the name of our Lord. We are going to strike our full adoption which is the change of our bodies where these bodies can no longer fall sick. where these bodies can no longer die, where these bodies can no longer grow old, we we shall have the glorified body of the Lord Jesus Christ, the incense of God, giving us the spirit of life that death, the way the scripture says, where is your sting, grave, where is your victory? Praise the name of our Lord. So that's what lays before us. Allow the spirit of life to take full charge over your life and then to make you to be like the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. May God bless you so much. Amen. Amen. So on Friday I would request if we all of us can be at brother simp from 3:00 because there will be an afternoon service preached by brother Franklin to go and stand with those brothers in Kacha. Then on Sunday we have two services here. Invite your friends also to be part of the services and God willing in the afternoon service we shall have a prayer line. Praise the name of our lord. So I also call upon your contributions to brother Peter since we just want to have a meal together with even other visitors. Praise the name of the lord. Let us stand up and sing a song and each of us can speak to the Lord. God bless you. There is a river of life flowing out of me. Makes the lame to walk and the blind to see. Opens prisons doors. Sets the captives free. There is a river of love flowing out of me. [Music] town. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh god. [Music] Go. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh go. [Music] Ne. [Music] Yes. God. Oh go. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Halleluah. Halleluah. [Music] Halleluah. Halleluah. Halleluah. Halleluah. [Music] Halleluah. [Applause] Halleluah. [Music] Halleluah. Halleluah. Halleluah. Halleluah. Oh sun day. Oh sun day. Oh sun day. Oh sun day. [Music] Oh sun day. Oh sunny day. Oh sunny day. Oh sun day. Each of us can speak to the Lord. Father you are worthy of all praise. You are worthy of all honor. Father, how we thank you heavenly father for redeeming us Lord Jesus for coming down Lord to our levels. Father that Lord Jesus Christ you can fill us with the spirit of life, the Holy Spirit himself coming down heavenly father to pick from all places of sin to pick us from all conditions of wickedness Lord because you desired us so much father releasing your life even just heavenly father by a simple act of faith by a simple act of accepting you heavenly father like those prostitutes Lord like those Republicans. Lord, how Lord, you came to them and they just accepted you, Lord. How Lord God, Zakaria, Lord, when you came down to his home and just accepted you, Lord, and you said is a son of Abraham and you said he needs salvation. Oh Lord, we are thankful Lord that prostitute woman who came down heavenly father and you said much as her sins have been much. Oh God, she loved much and she's forgiven much. Oh God, how we are thankful, heavenly father, that you've come down to deliver us. You've come down to deliver us. You've come down to set us free re Lord from all evil, from all bondage, Lord, from all powers of darkness. Heavenly Father, we are thankful for your mercies, Lord. We are thankful for your grace, Lord. Blessed be thy holy name, Lord. We thank the heavenly father that you are the same God yesterday to dance and forever Lord. may continually work in our lives, Father, to bring such a change in us, to bring such a transformation in us, oh God, regardless of our failures, Lord, regardless of our weaknesses, oh God, you've sent down the Holy Spirit, Lord, to bring that life of Christ himself, the life of God himself, to take charge of our lives, oh God. How I pray you may help every one of us father to fully surrender Lord to fully yield heavenly father that Lord you may change us. Lord you may transform us. Lord you may fill us with your love. Lord you may fill us with your holy spirit. Lord you may make us new creatures Lord. Lord you may transform our lives Lord that we can have the life of Christ himself and live that very life. How we are thankful father and how you are not mindful lord at whatever stage we are in it's the same life heavenly father that has come to manifestation oh god we pray may help us lord in the different stages we are in maybe at the tassel oh god maybe oh god at the stroke oh god maybe at the flowering stage oh god you are the same oh god and we believe in the name of Jesus Christ that we are going to bring forth a manifestation even as you've told heavenly father that there's going to be an omega bride that will be like the alpha bride of God with the manifestation of God with the life of Christ himself working and living in us oh God what a day we're living in Lord how we are grateful heavenly father that you've chosen us father that we can be at the very harvest time we can be at the very end time oh god to declare to the world in its wicked condition in its evil condition that we can live upright Lord We can love the Lord with all our lives of God. We can dedicate ourselves unto you Lord. We can avail ourselves into the services of the Lord. We can keep on father Lord moving Lord strong heavenly father calling upon the name of the Lord and not deterred by the circumstances not deterred by the pressures of this land. Oh God how we are thankful father that your grace has come down to help us heavenly father. How we pray may contrary lead us Lord. Continually guide us Lord. Continually reveal yourself to us. Oh God. Continually give us that power of transformation to overcome all sin to overcome all evil to overcome all plans of Satan that the life of Jesus Christ himself may work in us may be manifested in us oh God. and use us likewise, heavenly father, to draw many souls into your fold. To turn the hearts of many into your fold, oh God, that they may know the true living God, oh God, and be changed and be transformed, oh God. How we are grateful, Lord. How we are thankful, Father. How we worship you, Lord. How we glorify, holy name. You are worthy, Lord Jesus, of all praise, Lord, of all honor, Lord. Blessed be thy holy name. We thank thee for this service, Lord. We thank you for your goodness, Lord. We thank you for your mercies, oh God. Continually watch over us. Help us in the name of Jesus Christ to continue drinking, Lord, from that inexhaustible fountain, Christ himself, yielding himself to us, giving us all that we have need of, oh God. We thank thee father and forbide anything to come between us and you to take our attention away to take our mind away oh God from the truth that you've so much given unto us may the spirit of God continually work in us to bring that life the life of God the spirit of God oh God taking charge of our thoughts Lord our desires Lord and everything we do Lord what we speak Lord may it be inspired by the word of Lord, our actions, Lord, may we be led by the Holy Spirit. Lord, we need you, heavenly father. Wash us, Father, from all unrighteousness. Deliver us, Lord, from all from all bondage and contrary reveal and manifest yourself to us. How we thank thee for this evening, Lord. How we thank thee for your love. How we thank thee for your mercies, Lord. Hallowed be thy holy name, Lord. Blessed be the name of the Lord Jesus forever more. How we worship you, Lord. how we adore you, Lord. You've been so kind to us, Lord. You've been so gracious unto us, Lord. Fill every one of us with your Holy Spirit, Lord, and change our natures completely, oh God, that you may deliver every one of us in whatever condition we are in to be completely set free. We need you, heavenly father. We worship you, heavenly father. We glorify your holy name. We magnify your holy name. Thank you, Jesus, this day. Thank you for your love. Thank you for your mercies, Lord. Blessed be thy name, Lord Jesus, forever more. How we worship you, Lord. How we glorify your holy name, oh Lord Jesus Christ. We now, Father, as we've come the end of this service, we pray that your grace, heavenly father, may lead us as we travel back home that Lord, you may watch over us, Father, and bless the meetings again on when on Friday in Kaja that you may anoint the minister, Lord, and bless our hearts again. Even as we come back on Sunday also we pray may come and speak to our hearts. Reveal yourself to us, manifest yourself to us and show us thy path of truth and righteousness. We earnestly look on you when they depend upon you and call upon the name of the Lord. We pray may lead every one of us back home safely and watch over us and protect us and fill us with your love and your holy spirit. We love you Lord. We commit all unspoken requests into your hands that you may take charge of all our lives according to your divine will and purpose. Blessed be thy name Lord forever more. Thank you Jesus. We love you and we thank you Lord. In the name of Jesus Christ we pray and ask this. Amen. God bless you so much. We've come to the end of the service. So just remember on Friday if we can meet in Kacha at 3 p.m. it will be good. Then on Sunday we have two services. Let us sing that song. Let the living water flow over my soul. Let your living water flow over my soul. Let your holy spirit come and take control. I need every situation that has come on my mind all spirit [Music] spirit Spirit, spirit, sing to the father. Father, Father, Father, sing. Holy Spirit to spirit. Spirit [Music] spirit. Spirit. Oh, another stand. Come down. Holy Spirit. and take control. Hold me in your loving arms and make me home. Wipe away all doubts and fears and pain. Call me by your love and keep me back your sight. Hallelujah. Father, Father, Father, Father, sing my Jesus. Oh Jes. Hallelujah. Jesus. [Music] Jesus. Jesus. Sing the spirit speak. Hallelu spirit. Hallelu spirit. Spirit. [Music] Give your life to Jesus. Let him take your soul. Let him take you in his arms and make you home. As you gave your life to him, he'll make pure. Your will live and reign within eternal now. Hallelu Father. Hallelu Father. Oh father. Father. Oh Jesus. [Music] Jesus. Jesus. [Music] Jesus. [Music] Jesus. Holy Spirit. Oh spirit, [Music] spirit, [Music] spirit, spirit. Let us sing that song again. Come now Holy Spirit and take control. Take me in your loving arms and make me whole. Lord I give my life unknown to all strong Father, [Music] Father, Father, Father. Amen. God bless you so much. We may need to stay here the whole night, but we have to move. Praise the name of our Lord. God bless you and safe. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
