################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-09-28 - Let Your Fruit Remain           Pastor Katumba James      28.09.2025 - Katumba James.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-09-28
Title:    Let Your Fruit Remain   |        Pastor Katumba James  |    28.09.2025
Speaker:  Katumba James
Church:   Inner Veil Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 56m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kB8YxonxSg8
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
I [Music] [Applause] Amen. Give him praise. [Applause] First of all, I want to thank brother Moses for the opportunities he gives me to stand and minister to the purchase of the blood. So my brother, thank you for that love and support. Amen. May God bless you. &gt;&gt; So um let us sing some songs as we enter into prayer. Give me that song number 63. [Music] 63. Yes. Give that all time religion. Give that all time religion. Give that all time religion is good. Give that all time religion. All time rel. in that all time religion is good and affirming. It's the old time Holy Spirit. That's the reason for spirit is good enough for me. Give that all time. Oh, in that old [Music] in that old time region is good enough for me. It will make you stop your life. It will save you when you die. It will stop the devil flying. It's good enough. Oh, in the old time in that old time region in that old time region is good enough for me. It's so good. for it makes me bring things from undercover is enough. It was good in the very finest. In the very finest, it was good in the very finest. It's good enough for me. It was good for pous. It was good. It was good for cos is good enough. Our fathers. It was good for our fathers. It was good for Oh, it was good for our father. is good enough. Oh, give that. Oh, put your eyes together. Oh, give that all time religion. Give that all time religion. It's good enough. How about today? It was good for brother. Brother, brother. It was good for brother. Brother, it's good. I want it to work in you. Oh, it and it will make you stop your life. It will make you stop your lying. It's good enough. It makes me laugh. Everybody makes me laugh. Everybody makes me up. Everybody is good. No, we walking. We walking. We walk in the light. We walk. We walking. We walk in the light of Oh, we walk. We walk in. We walk. We walking. Put your hands together. We walk in the light. We walk in the light. Oh, we sing. We sing in the light. We sing in the light. Oh, in the light. We sing in the light of God. We shout. We shout. We shout in. We shout in the We shout. Oh, we shouting. Oh, we love [Music] [Music] in the battle. Oh, we clap clap clap in the clap. [Music] We Oh, we praise him. We praise him. We praise. We praise him. We praise him in the light of as you enter into worship. We praise him. We praise him. Oh, we praise. We praise him that we dear Lord Jesus Christ. We thank you for the grace you've given unto us Lord to come back into your presence Lord Jesus in a unity father of the Holy Spirit Lord to come Lord Jesus as brother brethren Lord to gather together Lord Jesus oh God may you come Lord Jesus and work with us Lord may you come Lord Jesus and quicken us Lord into your love Lord Jesus that we may love our neighbors Lord as we love ourselves Lord that we may cherish Lord the ministry Lord Jesus you've blessed in our day Lord God that we may walk in this day Lord Jesus with shining word in us Lord I pray in the name of our Lord Jesus as we are made stars Lord as we are made fellow hairs Lord with the word of God may the word of God Lord Jesus have them full preminence Lord Lord Jesus Christ we come Lord God as ready Lord Jesus surrendered people Lord God like Paul said I'm a prison of Jesus Christ make us prisoners of the word Lord Gordon. [Music] I'm gracious. [Music] Oh, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus, for your grace, Lord. Thank you for changing our lives, Lord. Thank you for not touching on us, Lord. Father, that you've changed our mind, Father, through the word, Lord. May the words of God, may the meditations of our heart be the word of God, be accepted, Lord. I pray in the name of Jesus Christ, there is one father which is accepted. It is the Lord Jesus Christ and the Lord Jesus is the word and is the form of the Holy Spirit. As you sent father that angel Lord to lead the way of Moses, as you sent that angel, Lord, to lead the way of Joshua, as you sent that angel, Lord, to lead the way of Israel, Lord Jesus, we know the Lord Jesus went on high. We see him. He went father on the cross and he went down the grave and Lord Jesus on the third day he rose up and father Lord Jesus the scripture says he was lifted up on high and now Lord Jesus on the day of Pentecost he has come in the form of uh the spirit Lord so he's here with us Lord in the form of the spirit we thank you Jesus that God who was the pill of fire is now formed into the spirit realm Lord is working in in our lives is able to enter into our souls to be the governor to create Lord the desire the thirst for the word of God the desire to be baptized of the Holy Ghost that Lord the conviction of uh Lord Jesus Christ of righteousness still remain in our lives Lord that we may thirst father for righteousness that we may be uh filled Lord we thank you Jesus we give you glory and honor in the Lord in the name of our Lord We thank you Jesus for the grace. We thank you Jesus for the mercies. We thank you Jesus for the blood. And we thank you Jesus for the five-fold ministries. And we thank you Jesus for the obedience Lord you've put in our hearts Lord Jesus that we may respond to the deep the desire of God. We love you Jesus. Blessed be thy holy name. Hallowed be your name oh God. [Music] This one says, "God bless you, saints. Sister Grace and group have a special song. I don't know whether they can match quickly cuz time is really running Christian group. I'm not seeing them. [Music] Let us as they sing, let us collect our offering because of time. back of me now and then. Show me where you brought me from and where I could have been. [Music] Remember, I'm human and humans forget. So remind me, remind me dear, draw back the garden of me now and then. Show me where you brought me from and where I could have been. Remember I'm human and you forget. So remind me, remind me dear Lord, the things that I love and hold dear to my heart, I just borrow. They're not mine at all. [Music] Jesus only lets me use them to brighten my life. So remind me, remind me, Lord. Just roll back roll back the cen of mery now and day. Show me where you brought me from and where I could be. Remember I'm human and human for death. So remind me, remind me, dear Lord. Nothing good have I done to desire God's own son. I'm not wor in his hands. [Music] Yet he chose the road to Calary to die. Why love me? I can't understand. Oh Lord, just roll back. Roll back the cage of mer and show me where you brought me from and where I could have been. Remember remember I'm human and human forget. So remind me, remind me to pray just ro back the cate of mery now and day. Show me where you brought me from and where I could have been. I'm human, Lord. Remember I'm human and human forget. So remind me, remind me, dear Lord. [Music] So remind me, remind me dear Lord. [Applause] [Music] &gt;&gt; Let us bow our heads down as we pray. Dear Lord Jesus, we thank you for the grace you've given us, Lord, to come in your house with thanksgiving, Lord. I pray in the name of Jesus, may you bless, Father, the offerings, Lord, and the tithing, Lord, and bless, Father, every hand which has given out, Father, their thanksgiving, Lord, unto the Lord. I thank you, Jesus. May you bless the hands of their works, Lord. And may you keep them when they go out. And may you keep them, Lord, bless as they come in, Lord. We thank you, Jesus. We give you glory and honor in the mighty name of Jesus Christ. Lord, I prayed. Amen. [Applause] This one says, "God bless you all, all saints. I'm happy to be in the house of God this morning. I thank God for the healing mercies. Thanks for your prayers. I'm now okay. That's why I'm in the house of God. He didn't put a name. I don't know whether I don't know the person. So he wanted a special song but time has gone. Maybe next time next time I'm keeping for you the the request. So let us get on our feet as we prepare to hear the word. Give us give us that song which says uh when Jesus comes song 100 when Jesus come the tempter power is bro [Music] that tears are wiped oh wip away and fills the life with glory Oh change when Jesus when Jesus come that temp. Oh, when he come, Jesus come the tears away. He takes away and fill the life with glory for all is change. One sat alone. Oh, once sat alone beside the highway begging his eyes were black light. Oh yes, his brushed his ranks and shivered in the shadow as Jesus was passing. Oh when Jesus come. When Jesus come the temp. Oh when he come when Jesus come the tears are wiped away. He takes the room and fills the life with gold. Oh is chang from home and friends. Oh yes from more and friends still in joy among the tones [Music] misery no one to help heels as demons proposes but Jesus came around oh and set them captive when Jesus come When Jesus come the temple bow is broken. When Jesus come the tears are w takes away. Oh and feel life in glory for all is when Jesus come. When Jesus come. When Jesus come is broken, when Jesus come away, he takes away and fill the life with glory for all is when Jesus Yes, you are. Oh, yes. You jo [Music] [Music] Yes, you are. Yes, you are. you. Yes, you are joy of I [Music] come. When Jesus come [Music] with glory is Jesus come when Jesus comes. Jesus Christ. [Music] [Music] until the light went through for all his Jesus Christ. Amen. Just give God a hand of praise. Amen. You may be seated. &gt;&gt; I greet you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. You're all welcome to the services of the Lord this morning. Thank God for the grace he has given unto us. We appreciate those able to attend the overnight last Friday. Praise the name of our Lord. Then the coming Sunday we are going to have two services that will be 5th of October. We're going to have the Lord's supper. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. &gt;&gt; And I believe it is good for all of us to be part of it. Praise the name of our Lord. Remember last time when we had the Lord's supper, we we took a service on communion and then in the afternoon we continue with the same I had planned to preach on discerning the lord's body but there was no time but how the lord did it the following day when pastor came to preach in that same area praise the name of so it matters a lot that the programs of church should be part of us because that's how the lord blesses us And that's how the Lord judges our obedience. When the things are given, let us receive them with all our heart. Let us be obedient because each of us we have challenges. We have problems and those will not stop. As long as we live in this body, sickness will always come. Troubles will always come. That's Job 14:1. Praise the name of our Lord. So the only thing we can do is to always find ourselves doing the will of God. And that's why we can get our comfort, our strength and even more grace of God help us go on the journey. Praise the name of our Lord. Coming here for the first time, if you can just raise up your hand. Yes, you're welcome. Quite a number of you. Thank you for being part of today's service. So, we pray for our pastor is not around. He went on on Thursday, I think Wednesday to Botswana. He'll be coming back on Wednesday. Today's having two services then tomorrow two services then on Tuesday two services but he preached on Friday and also Saturday. So just keep him in your prayers. You see part of the family is not around. Praise the name of our Lord. So keep him in our prayers. Then on 19th of October, we going to also two services. We having a visiting minister. Praise the name of our Lord. And we just need to say that we pray for those meetings. Praise the name of our lord. You know before last week, brother Edisco, I don't know how many know brother he passed on. So within this last week was buried and then this Sunday I think &gt;&gt; they having his memorial service at his church former church. But before he passed on, the pastor of that church, brother Tom Ray, &gt;&gt; had called our pastor here and told him that he's coming to spend a weekend with us, [Music] just a weekend. Praise the name over them. So, but we just pray that God gives them grace because being part of the family that they can be able to come as he had promised to come. Praise the name of our Lord. We just say that we prepare for those meetings of 19th. We want to invite as many new ministers as possible. Praise the name of our Lord. &gt;&gt; And then we always want to have a meal together all of us. Praise the name of our Lord. So I would request that we put our support. We make our contribution to brother. We may have quite more people than we have. Praise the name of our Lord. So about one and a half million we need a collection for that lunch. I call upon your contributions. Praise the name of our Lord. I know the fees issue is troubling people. The economy is not doing well. But when God sent Elijah to that widow, she was also giving excuse. You know this is my last meal. I die but that was her giving was her survival. Praise the name of our Lord. So we just need to learn the way of the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. Brother Malav, you're welcome. Praise the name of our Lord. I believe I will never forget him. Praise the name of our Lord. You know in 1997 is the one who received me when I was started studying at Merc. He was a great support to me. I would pick message books from his home, photocopy them, read them on and on like that. And I believe that if we can have the same zeal you know, you're reading the message books on a continuous basis, the Lord will give you grace to overcome. Amen. Now, before we got the reading of the word, let us have the songs if there is. Today, we are going to have a youth meeting after this service. That's in the afternoon. Those who are not in school, praise the name of our Lord. Those who are out of school and those who are married, praise the name of our Lord. It will be a meeting, not a service. Praise the name of our Lord. Be free to talk. Amen. Amen. [Music] [Music] God bless you. The Lord spoke to Moses and he told him what to say to the children of Isel in the day. [Music] Slang lamb take the blood. [Music] Strike the post at the door. For help through it this night. Smite all the fast born. [Music] Every day thank your day your passen [Music] &gt;&gt; but we should be saved &gt;&gt; that we could be saved. Oh hallelujah [Music] and glory to God. Glory to God [Music] his spirit abide. Let the death angel. Let the death angel pass. The sweet Holy Spirit [Music] is the talking today and all that are real. God's sake will be saved. Now friends, outside of this stoen, the lost will be found. If you want your love saved, [Music] better get them in now. Let the death take your death. [Music] [Applause] [Music] He gave that be. Oh hallelujah. [Music] and glory to God. Glory to God. [Music] His spirit. Let the death your mind. Let the death your mind. God's bright [Music] can &gt;&gt; that we could be saved. &gt;&gt; All that we could be saved. &gt;&gt; Oh, hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; And glory to God. &gt;&gt; Oh, and glory to God. has become light. His spirit abide let in your heart. Oh hallelujah. Oh hallelujah. Hallelujah. Glory to God. &gt;&gt; All glory to God. has been applied. His spirit abide. Let the death angel [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. &gt;&gt; Let that angel pass. &gt;&gt; You can only mention that when you have applied the token. Praise the name of our Lord. But without the token, you don't know where you stand. Praise the name of our Lord. And we've come to apply the token. Praise the name of our Lord. So make sure that you have the token and the token is the baptism of the Holy Spirit which is the life of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. And if you don't have the baptism of the Holy Spirit, if you don't have the oil in your vessel, you know Jesus, you know the wise virgin told the foolish virgin, "Go to them that sell and we in the shop where they sell the oil." Praise the name of Lord. So the more you hear the word of God, the word of God, you receive that oil. That's what it is. So we already at the place where the oil is being given out. Just only open your heart. Say Lord, fill me more. Fill me more. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us sing that song, Fill my way with love. You can stand up. Praise the name of our Lord. Brother Joshua is not able to be around today. Was not feeling well. Joshua, let's keep him in our prayers. Praise the name of song number 28. Amen. &gt;&gt; Let me walk blessed Lord in thy way leading strength to the land of ging everywhere to the sun and feel my w every I walk my way my way everything Oh, I sat there. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I sus my [Music] son where Hey, [Music] blessed on the way to my everyday feel. Heat. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] I want you [Music] all [Music] my way every day. Amen. I don't know if we have the Uganda format of that song. Amen. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. I just want to sing that chorus in Luganda as well. Praise the name of our Lord. Amen. As we shake each other's hand, [Applause] Lord [Music] you get oh say hallelujah. Yeah. Heat. [Music] My Oh, you're my [Music] Amen. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. Let us pray. Father, how we are thankful to you this morning. Surely fill our way with your love. Keep on increasing it in our hearts. the love of God that surpasses all understanding. Now, you've taught us in your word that love covers the mort of sin. You taught us also, Lord, that charity, the bond of perfectness. May you fill us more and more of you, Lord Jesus. Even as we've come to the living fountain, may you feel our wells, heavenly father that our wells may keep on springing up also flowing to others that even when we leave this place, we may have that life spring up to our neighbor, spring up to our colleagues, spring up to the people we meet that they may surely know that we have been with Jesus. We love you and thank you father and commit this service into your hands that you may come and speak to us individually for you know each and every one of us what we have need of Lord we pray may take preeminence Lord help all our needs deliver us from all captivity Lord and fill our hearts with your love and your holy spirit We may look on your heavenly father. I know if there be somebody who is sick or afflicted in our midst, may they all be held in the name of Jesus and all the needs of your children. May they all be met for the growth of your remember pastors and ministers in Gabon. your anointing father for the services today even tomorrow and Tuesday Father that your grace may be upon him giving him inspiration and strength to do ministry of your word. We pray you may bless us again. Speak to us heavenly father. Make yourself known to us and Lord your presence be with us and we love you and we thank you. And if there be somebody who has never known you, Lord, may they know you today Lord take you as their personal savior. Blessed be thy name, Lord Jesus. Forever in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray and ask this. Amen. Amen. I request we go to our Bibles. We're reading in the book of John chapter 15. We're reading from verse 10 to verse 16. John chapter 15, the Bible says from verse 10, "If you keep my commandments, you shall abide in my love, even as I have kept my father's commandment and abide in his love. These things have I spoken unto you, that my joy might remain in you, and that your joy might be full. This is my commandment that you love one another as I have loved you. A man laid down his life for his friends. You are my friends if you do whatsoever I command you. Henceforth I call you not servants, for the servant knows not what his Lord does. But I have called you friends. For all things that I have heard of my father, I have made known unto you. You have not chosen me, but I have chosen you and ordained you that you should go and bring forth fruit and that your fruit should remain that whatsoever you shall ask of the Father in my name, he may give it you. may go blessing of his word. You may be seated. So I want to preach on this subject. Let your fruit remain. Let your fruit remain. Praise the name of our Lord. Now, very interesting scriptures here. You know, it says in verse 10, if you keep my commandments, you shall abide in my love, even as I have kept my father's commandments and abide in his love. Praise the name of the Lord. He said, "Keep the commandments, then you'll abide in my life." Praise the name of our Lord. And we want to have the love of God. But then how are you going to have the love of God? If you are not obedient to his voice and God judges our love for him by our response to his word even you yourself in our daily life you know this person doesn't love me this one maybe he loves me and you get attracted to the people who hear what you Say, praise the name of the Lord. Like maybe if you are conversing with somebody and then the person is looking at you and is following you. You know even psychology explains the people who are interested in you that that one is attracted to you until when you speak They nod their head. When you look somewhere, they also want to follow what are you looking at. When you make a small joke, they also want to follow that. When you are speaking a word, they also want to speak the same. And then they take all what you want. And then here our God, he gives us his word and he wants us to take interest in his word. Praise the name of you know like maybe if you're speaking to somebody and then a person is on their phone then you are speaking what have you said? You even lose the zil to continue speaking. If you have an interesting conversation, you just put it aside. He's not interested in you, you know. But then here is telling us if you keep my commandment then how are you going to keep the commandment of God if you've not heard the word of God? So you must give yourself opportunity to hear and this is what the devil fight. He makes sure that you don't have an ear to hear. There are some things that are taking your time. There are some things that are preoccupying you. So then you don't have the opportunity to hear the word of God. When you don't have opportunity to hear the word of God, then you can't be converted. That's why the Bible says that the seed that fell on the west side. You know the birds came and stole them. And then the scripture says the birds are evil spirit. That is Satan. So Satan's interest is for you not to hear the word of God. And as long as Satan can succeed, for you not hearing the word of God, then there is no way you can find the love of God in your heart. There is no way you can receive eternal life because the entrance is the one. But then the devil is standing at the door and hindering you from hearing. Then the Bible says, their hearts are dark and are preoccupied. Their eyes cannot see. Their ears cannot hear. So the devil plays a lot of roles to make sure that we have no personal relationship with God. Then the Bible says how can two walk together except they be agreed. But then for you how what are you going to agree on which you've not had because the devil has prevented you. from hearing. So now if you succeed in hearing there is another state, the stony ground, a stony ground. The Bible says they received the word and then they rejoiced. But then trials came. They gave up. &gt;&gt; That is not mine. They gave up. And so now the seed that was sown could not continue growing. So that one off. Then there are those who continue which is the worst condition the devil brings up. The plant has grown. It has started to flower. Then the thorns come, the cares of life, the riches of life, the pleasures of life. It's just the devil still playing. You know when the devil came to Jesus he started with something which was like ah it is critical you are hungry why don't you turn those stones into bread praise the name of our lord and then now Jesus was was able to overcome that then he takes him to the mountain shows him all the kingdoms of the world If you worship me, I will give you all the things. [Music] Then he said, "Okay, you know who to worship. Let us go to the temple." The Bible says, "Satan took Jesus to the temple. You know the devil always comes to our levels. He will come to your level and he comes with the things that can persuade you that can draw you from God to pay attention to him. And Satan didn't take Jesus to a shrine, &gt;&gt; but he said, "Let us go to the church. Since you love worshiping, this is a place of worship and takes him to the pinnacle. And then he says, "It is written. You've been quoting. It is written." Now I'm also quoting you Psalms 9. It's written. He send his angels and you'll not fall down so you can fall down quoting the scriptures. Satan, he always comes to our level. But to overcome Satan, You must learn to continue in the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. If you don't continue in the word, then he will take a hold of you. Now when Satan had been defeated, the Bible say he left him for a while. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us go and read the book of Luke chapter 4. Luke chapter 4 and then verse 13. &gt;&gt; The Bible says, "And when the devil had ended all the temptation, he departed from him for a season." So he would come back, he comes and checks How are you standing? How is your prayerful life? How is your study life? Who are your friends? Now, what you esteem more after season where Jesus was preaching and then the devil came into a woman and then the woman said, "Blessed is the womb that gave birth to you. Blessed are the breast you circle. What was he doing? Taking his attention. I don't know how she was dressed. But of course, when she said, your attention is attracted towards her. And if she's dressed in a funny way, you know, it's a target. Then he said, "Rather, blessed are they that hear the word of God." Then again he was preaching somewhere. Then again his family came and then they told him your family has come. Then he said no this is my family here. Satan keeps on coming. But how can how will he find you? Praise the name of God. Now back to the book of John chapter 15. He says, "If you abide in my command, you will abide in my love. Even as I have kept my father's command, I abide in his love." Verse 11, "These things have I spoken unto you. that my joy might remain in you. Now these are very interesting things. Verse 10 says, "If you keep my commandments, you shall abide in my word." Verse 11 says, "As I've spoken to you, so my joy may remain in you." So now if you don't hear God speak to you, how you going to have his joy? So we need to take opportunity that we desire God to speak to us as many times as possible. And then God, you know, when God speaks to you, you know, he speaks to you love, peace, salvation, that even the troubles sometimes you are going through all go away. But then you need to desire God to speak to you. reading his word, &gt;&gt; meditating upon his word, hearing his word, living the life of Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. Then he says, "This is my commandment that you love one another as I have loved you. Greater love has no man than this. A man laid down his life for his friends. Then verse 14, he says, "You are my friend. If you do whatsoever, I command you." Henceforth, verse 15, I call you not servant. For the servant knows not what his lord does, but I have called you friends. For all things that I have, Father, I've made known to you. Now, you look at the relationship that Christ brings us into. Now, you see that in John chapter 13, praise the name of our Lord. In John chapter 13 and then verse 13, he says, "For you call me master and lord and you say well for so I am I then your lord and master have washed your feet." He also ought to wash one another's feet. So then he is calling them servants. Praise the name of our Lord. Then as they continue walking with him as they continue knowing the mind of God. He says you know what I'm going to do. I no longer call you servant but I call you friends. That's a better relationship. Praise the name of the Lord. That's a better relationship. But it's a continuous walk with God that your relationship with him keeps on improving. Praise the name of Lord. Don't be a don't be a person on the peripheries on the borderline. You know, you only fool the religious kind of, you know, norms and rights. I'm going to church. I go, having a Bible, have been baptized. I've been baptized. But go further than that is that when I have my Bible, I don't read it on Sunday. And you know, some people are afraid of carrying their Bible. Mine is on the phone but the main reason not because of anything but how will they see me when then you are still on the periphery there. You can't even confess God in the public. But we need to have a closer walk with God, a more relationship with God. You know that you are not afraid to testify. You're not afraid to tell people I'm born again. Tell your neighbors I'm a saved person. You don't have to tell the people around you I'm born again. Praise the name of our Lord. So we it depends on how much we relate with God. So now from service you get into a friend of Jesus. Praise the name of Lord. But then you see after the resurrection, he comes and tells the disciples, you are now my brethren, praise the name of Lord. In John 20 verse 17, Jesus says unto her, &gt;&gt; "Touch me not. I am not yet ascended to my father, but go to my brethren and say unto them, I ascend to my father and your father to my God and your God. We need to become brethren of a sister of Jesus Christ, a brother of Jesus Christ. And then the scripture says in Romans 8, we are joint hairs [Music] like in our families. Whom do you share your inheritance with? Your brothers and sisters. Then he brings us to that level that we are joint hairs. It's all about our personal relationship. Praise the name of have the personal relationship with God so that you continue into that intimate relationship not on the outside. Praise the name of not fulfilling the religious conditions or requirements personal relationship that when you speak, you know that God hears my prayer. Praise the name of our Lord. God knows what my heart is. Praise the name of our Lord. You know what to do to please the Lord. Blessed be the name of our Lord. &gt;&gt; Amen. Amen. Let us go back to verse 16 which is our focus tonight. John 15:E1 16. The Bible says you have not chosen me. But I have chosen you. Praise the name of God. That should make you happy that I'm not here because of my own. here because God has chosen. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of We are all being chosen by God. And he says, "I have chosen you." You know, you look at the number of people who are walking on the streets. Some of them are doing their business. But then for you, put everything aside. I want to be in the presence of God. God has chosen you of the many people. You have been chosen. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. And then he says and ordained you. He appointed you. He made you. He has set you. Praise the name of our Lord. Now he has chosen us. And then the Bible says In Ephesians chapter 1 verse three in Ephesians 1:3 blessed be the God and the father of our Lord Jesus Christ who has blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ. According as he has chosen us in him before the foundation of the world that we should be holy and without blame before him in love. Praise the name of our Lord. God has chosen us and the Bible says he has chosen us before the foundation of the world. Before you were born, God chose you. Praise the name of God. Before you know you came to know anything, God had already chosen you. The Bible says before the foundation of the world, we were in the mind of God. For what reason were we in the mind of God that we can bear fruit? Praise the name of Lord. So he chose us and when he chose us, he ordained us. He set us. Praise the name of God. So he chose us. He ordained us and then he says that we should be holy without blame before him in love. Now you look what the way God works. The one he has chosen. He takes interest. He he he goes to them to speak to them. Praise the name of our Lord. Jesus went on the on the seashore. There were so many fishermen on the sea, but none of them did Jesus take interest, other than going to to Peter, other than going to James and John. Praise the name of Paul. was moving with soldiers of the temple and then they were going but only one had a clear voice. Saul s why you persecuting the others others were also persecuting him but they never heard their names being called. Praise the name of we have been chosen. Praise the name of God. We are not here on our own but we are here because God has chosen us. Praise the name of God. So even in your trials, even in your troubles, even in the challenges you go through, you just need to tell the devil. God has chosen you. Praise the name of that can give you faith to keep on pressing on. Praise the name of our Lord. He has chosen us. Paul said, "The God who separated me from my mother's womb. How he has chosen me." That gave po encouragement in the midst of the challenges he went through. He stood firm in everything. Praise the name of our Lord. So the Bible says he has chosen us before the foundation of the world. We should be holy and without blame in him in love. So he had a purpose of choosing us that we can be holy and without blame with God. Having predestinated us and to the adoption of children by Jesus Christ to himself according to the good pleasure of his will. Praise the name of our Lord. So when God chooses you, he makes everything work out to bring you to your destiny for you to fulfill the purpose of God. When he chose Abraham, praise the name of God took interest, you know, he went to him, &gt;&gt; called him Abraham. leave your country. Come unto a land I'm going to show you. What did Abraham do? He obeyed. That's the same thing you also need to do. Be obedient to the word of God. And that's how you keep the commandments of God. And when you keep the commandments of God, you are going to abide in my love. Not your own love, but his love. So now the more you obey the word of God, the more God gives you his love himself. Praise the name of our Lord. That's how God works. He speaks, you receive, you pray, then you become the manifestation of what you manifest what he has spoken. Praise the name of our Lord. And then God testified about Abraham. Said, "I know Abraham." Let us go to Genesis chapter 18. Praise the name of our Lord. Genesis 18. And then verse 18, the scripture says, "Seeing that, okay, verse 17, &gt;&gt; and the Lord said, Shall I hide from Abraham that thing which I do? &gt;&gt; Praise the name of the Lord. So if you have been chosen, God will not hide from you what he's going to do. He will reveal his secret. He will show you his curse. He will direct you his purpose. Shall I hide from Abraham that which I'm going to do, seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him. Praise the name of our Lord. God says, I'm not going to hide. because of what I've promised him to do. He's going to do that. He's going to become a mighty nation. All the earth is going to be blessed in him. God gave the promises. And so what do we do? We obey what he has given us. Praise the name of God. And then verse 19 is where we need to participate in. He says, &gt;&gt; "For I know Abraham, what will he do? He will command his children and his household after him. And they shall keep the way of the Lord to do justice and judgment that the Lord may bring upon Abraham that which he has spoken of him. God spoke. &gt;&gt; So when he speaks, we believe, we obey, we do what he's telling us. And what he has spoken comes to pass in our lives. That's what he's testifying about our going to command his children to keep the way of the Lord. Then God will make to pass what he has promised. Praise the name of our Lord. That's how the Lord works. Praise the name of our Lord. So he says he has chosen us before the foundation of the world and ordained us. In other words, he has appointed us. John 15:16. Praise the name of our Lord. He says, "You have not chosen me, but I have chosen you. and ordained you that you should go and bring forth fruit and that your fruit should remain that whatsoever shall ask of my father in my name he may give it to you. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our lord. So he says he has chosen us. &gt;&gt; He has you know ordained us. So then he says the purpose of this we may bring forth fruit and when we bring the fruit our fruit should remain. In other words, the fruit should dwell. The fruit should continue. The fruit should not be changed. But the fruit should be alive. And you know when it remains we are looking at something that continues and continues even increasing because that's the principle of anything is one seed multiplies. Praise the name of our Lord. You can take only one seed of maze. Maybe it can be one plant. When you plant it, when it matures, that one seed of maze can produce a hundreds of seeds. Then in the next season, you planted only one plant. But those are those hundreds of seeds of from one plant can maybe plant let me say a quarter. And then now when you have harvested that you can find that quarter the harvest can plant a square mile. So the seed is remaining but then it is increasing. That should be the life of Jesus Christ. Praise the name of God. Let it increase. Let it continue. Praise the name of God. You as an individual, when you receive Jesus as your personal savior, it didn't stop with you. But then you testify. You tell others about the goodness of the Lord and they accept and then they increase. It keeps on increasing. Even you your way life, you find that you know you are a a a soothing point to others, &gt;&gt; a point of joy, a point of comfort where people can come and rejoice because of your knowledge in Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message, wisdom versus faith, In paragraph 326 he says rivers. &gt;&gt; What is that? &gt;&gt; The nine spiritual gifts. Rivers of one water. One spirit. One water. but coming from nine different resources. Rivers of water, &gt;&gt; rivers of water that bringeth forth his fruit, fruit of the spirit in his season, his leaves also shall never wither, and whatever he does shall prosper. See, some fell down in the valley where the rivers are &gt;&gt; and brought to something else. What was it done? &gt;&gt; It fell down &gt;&gt; in the river. It wasn't set out. Then he says, "He shall be like a tree &gt;&gt; set out transposed. From this to that, he was planted." &gt;&gt; What? predestinated. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. That sort of God before the foundation of the world placed him there not stuck out by not by chance but was planted predestinated to the rivers of water. Now he says planted who planted God himself. The way he has said he has chosen us then he has ordained us. Praise the name of our Lord. So he has chosen us. Then he has ordained us. Praise the name of our Lord. Like here we live here in Ginger. So God planted us in ginger. Praise the name of And when he planted us in ginger, &gt;&gt; he put a valley here where there a flow of rivers of water. He put here a fountain so that if I'm in I can come at my &gt;&gt; and drink of that water. If I'm in I can come at my drink of that water. If I can come at my drink of that water he has planted us. He has set us here and he knows what we have need of. So now if he has put us around, he knows what we have need of. So what should I do? When he says service is here, I say amen and I present myself. Then I keep on drinking, keep on drinking, keep on drinking. And then you see that your weaknesses go away, your failures go away. Your life is changed. That's how the Lord replenishes us. He keeps on supplying our needs. He encourages you here. He rebukes you here. He guides you here. That's how the Lord keeps on doing it. Praise the name of Lord. So he says he has planted us. He has predestinated us. He has set us and then he gives a stream flowing and then he keeps on releasing the flow. And when he releases the flow, we keep on drinking. And now the more we keep on drinking, praise the name of our Lord. I want to get into this message. Praise the name of our Lord. In the message, show us the father. He says, "And when we take a promise of God and drop it into our heart, we keep watering it with faith and it keeps pushing out pushing out." Hallelujah. Hallelujah. When Christ is planted in our heart, the Holy Ghost, the only thing we do is drink in the word of God and then it pushes out salvation. It pushes out divine healing. It pushes out glory. It pushes out healing. It pushes out everything that we have need of. What do we need to do? Keep drinking. Praise the name of our Lord. He said, "If you keep my commandments, if you keep hearing my word, you abide in my love, you abide in my job, it has to open up." Praise the name of the Lord. Lord fill me with more of yourself. Praise the name of our Lord. Then he says, here is my interpretation of him about being the water. He is the inexhaustible fountain of life. You'll never ask him too much. You can never believe him for too great a thing. He delights in you believing him for great things. You can never overdo it. Then brotherham says, could you imagine a little fish in half in long way in the middle of the ocean, saying now wait, I better think this thing over. I better drink very sparingly of this water because I may run out this year. Well, if you could figure that out, then try to exhaust the fountain of God's goodness to you. Praise the name of some of us, we limit God like that. Let me ask for 10,000. Next week I'll ask for another 10,000. That's not the God. He has everything. Ask in abundance that you may receive in abundance. Praise the name of ask sparingly. No, I think this time that is not necessary. Let me first go for God. Tell him what's on your mind. God, there is this is this just like when you're conversing with your friend, you are talking about this talking about like David when he was with Nathan the prophet said, "But you swear I'm sleeping. But see where the house of God is. Then the prophet told him, "Do what is in your heart because God is in your heart." And that night, the Lord came to the prophet and told him, "Go and tell my servant. Praise the name of you know God desires us. Talk it to Jesus. Tell him about all this kind your fears, your troubles, your needs. Praise the name of And you don't limit yourself. Don't be like that fish in the lake Victoria just only drinking one spoon of water. The water may go may go away. Our God is inexhausted. Praise the name of the Lord. Ask what you will &gt;&gt; and you shall receive. And he says whatever. He didn't limit us. He says whatever. Then you say, Lord, this is my this is my desire. Praise the name of the Lord. Then he says, could you imagine a little mouse about half inch long? under the big gun of Egypt saying, "I'll just eat one grain a day. I better allow myself one grain a day because I might run before the new crop comes in." Well my what is he doing? He is depriving himself. Praise the name of I don't know how many of us do that. You wake up in the morning only one minute to God of the 24 hours. Now father even your mind is not there. So you are hurrying. Oh time has gone. You pick up very fast. How much are you praying to God? How much are you asking God? Praise the name of God. You know like conversation you know there is there is how you start it and as you go on it becomes more interesting that's how we should be with God sometime you set aside you know you start conversing Lord I thank you for the night I thank you for the day how you protect him from the other city you done this you know you are trying to take his interest to know for to tell God you understand what he does for you. How he has protected you, how he has given you food, how he has led you, how he escaped this kind of pressure at place of work. They are laying off people here. There was trouble in the neighborhood. There was an accident there. Thank the Lord you've kept it. I'm healthy. I'm strong. Thanking God. Alowed be thy name. Praise the name of our Lord. And then you say, Lord in what I've done, I did this thing wrong. I did this thing wrong. I thought wrong. I've spoken wrong. Forgive me for what I've done. You know, you are trying to get yourself to his level. You are seeing that the blood covers your trespasses. But even the blood after it has taken away, you still have need. But there is this issue. I'm tired of paying rent. Now the month is coming to an end. Lord, I have this loan. I have this school fees issue. I have this trouble here. You are talking to him. You are presenting it to him. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of Lord. I have a weakness in this issue. I want to overcome this area. Lord, I get annoyed so fast. Lord, deliver from temper. You are getting concerned to be a better person and to see that you fulfill the purpose of God in Praise the name of find time to consecrate before God. Praise the name of you know Jesus was asking his disciples. You couldn't even wait with me one hour. Now look at your 24 hours. How much time do you give to God? You know you can plan. You you can actually find it out. work 10 hours, sleep, &gt;&gt; 6 hours or 8 hours. Breakfast 30 minutes or 1 hour, lunch 30 minutes or 1 hour. Then again supper or evening social time. with my friends and then you know there are now days applications on the phone which can estimate how much time you have spent on the phone the whole week or every day then they give you a report last week you spent a lot of time on Facebook how many hours 6 hours on Facebook WhatsApp &gt;&gt; WhatsApp &gt;&gt; YouTube &gt;&gt; YouTube &gt;&gt; Tik Tok &gt;&gt; Tik Tok &gt;&gt; then how much time on God? &gt;&gt; Praise the name of God. &gt;&gt; How much time do you get with God? Okay. Every morning I spend three four minutes when I'm going to eat I spend one one one minute to talk to God because I fear poison. You know there are some maybe you're in a restaurant maybe you're afraid of poison in your food so you can't even close your eye you're looking at the food then you bless God bless this food amen then others start eating I have not prayed oh How much time do you spend with God? &gt;&gt; Maybe one minute to eat 3 minutes to pray for the food and everything to pray in the morning. You're fearing accidents. Maybe your bosses are bad. All businesses are doing bad. Maybe five minutes Even 5 minutes by the time they reach the words are over to speak. Then it comes at night. You are tired. So you do maybe you get a bad dream at night. You have not prayed. Oh Lord be merciful to me. How much time do we give to God? reading the word &gt;&gt; because the Bible says, "One shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that comes out of the mouth." And then how much have you eaten of the word of God? Maybe I I spent one minute one scripture, one verse. The Bible does say Ah, the Lord is my shepherd. I shall not worry. Amen. Amen. And then you can be repeating the same verse every day. Why don't you move forward? Why don't you take more time? Read the Bible. Sit down. Consecrate. Jesus says, "You can't even wait for me for 1 hour. How much time do you spend with the Lord? So it depends on how much time you spend with the Lord that will measure also what comes out. You'll get little because the more time you spend in something, the more you do better in it. The Bible says where your treasures are, that's where your heart is. If it is with God, you have to spend a lot of time with God. Praise the name of our Lord. So he says that's exactly what's the matter with the church today in taking church crits and doggmas trying to suck off them instead of taking the word of God and enjoying the fullness of the baptism of the Holy Ghost and the things of God. Why his seed his word is seed and his word bring forth of its kind. Amen. Amen. Now in the message inter you just set it out and water it and it has to drink and drink until it gets so much it just goes to pushing. ing up drinks more than its allotted portion and it swells out and it pushes out limbs and it pushes out birds. Then it pushes out leaves. Then it blossoms. Then the apples. Then it pushes again, pushes again, just keeps drinking till it just pushes out. He's talking about a tree. You've planted it by the water. God has given it roots and those roots reach out to the seabed or the river bed. It keeps on pulling water. And as it pulls that water, it becomes its lifeline. And as it keeps on drinking, it brings a a branch here. And then another branch here, then another branch here, then another. And then it comes, it sprouts out something like small leaves, and then they grow. Then from the leaves, the flowers come. Then the flowers the fruit come and the Bible say we shall know them by their fruit. So it is identifying himself that I'm a mango tree and then you can see the mango there. Oh, I'm an apple tree and then you can see the apple there. So what it does just keeps drinking. Even as that's what a Christian does. When you are planted in Christ Jesus, everything that you have need of in his journey is in you. When you receive the Holy Spirit and only thing you have to do is drink, drink, &gt;&gt; push out, push out, drink till you can't drink no more. If you have need of divine healing, go to God's word, drink from it. Push out. have need of God, just keep drinking, pushing out. And Christ is the inexhaustible fountain of life. And you are planted in him. The only thing you have to do is drink of his goodness and push out. Whatever you have need of in this earth's journey, it's all drinking, resting, peace. It's not what you struggle and strive and pull at. You defeat the very purpose that you are representing. When you do that, Christianity &gt;&gt; is not something into. &gt;&gt; God is not one you have to beg and cry and plead and fast and stuff and everything like that to get Certainly not. I'm not degrading a fast. Praise the name of our Lord. Now, there are sometimes when we get a a biased mindset and it's not that. Praise the name of the Lord. Just have that relationship. Take time with the word. Obey the word. Wait on the Lord. Then you see the Lord transform everything. Praise the name of the Lord. It's not let me also crucify. If you just take the word of the Lord, believe the word of God and do what the Lord tells you to do, all what the Lord has said, he will perform it. Praise the name of. So he says, I have chosen you and ordained you that you should bear fruit. And when you bear fruit, let your fruit remain. Praise the name of our Lord. Let your fruit remain. How will the fruit remain? Keep on drinking the water. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of the Lord. The waters of life. Keep on believing Christ. See that your life is yielded over to him. You know, you continue depending upon God. You continue looking to God because the Bible says without him you can do nothing on your own you can't do anything in John chapter 15 praise the name of our Lord John chapter 15 verse four it says abide in me and I in you as the branch cannot bear fruit of itself self except it abide in the vine. No more can you except you abide in me. Praise the name of the Lord. So he says God is the husband man and then he is the vine, the true vine and we are the branches. In other words, in him. And how do you get into Christ? You get into Christ by being born again. By being baptized with the Holy Spirit. So now when you are baptized with the Holy Spirit, then you are in Christ. You are the temple of God. Now when the Holy Spirit is living in you, allow him to take charge over your life, let the Holy Spirit be the ruler of your human spirit and your human spirit. Let him subscribe to the Holy Spirit. Praise the name of the Lord. Just like this body, it has five senses. The eyes see, the nose smells, the tongue test, the ear hears, the body feels. These our earthly contact here. You will communicate with the rest of the world using. Yet there is a human spirit and that human spirit operates this human body and then this human body is operated by the human spirit. So when a person dies the human spirit the breath of life leaves that person. So you can see the person ears are there but they can't hear. There's no spirit. The eyes are there. They can't see. There's no spirit. So there is a higher form of life. Bodies. So now there's the human spirit and we get that human spirit when we get born near by our parents. But then the human spirit that we get cannot influence itself. So the scripture says in Jeremiah chapter 10 and then verse 23. Oh Lord, I know that the way of man is not in himself. It's not in the man that walketh to direct his steps. That means that your human spirit cannot make his own decision. But your human spirit has to always be influenced. So then what influences your human and then the Bible tells us in 1 Corinthians chapter 2, 1 Corinthians chapter 2 and then we can read in verse 10 up to verse 13. He says, &gt;&gt; let us start from verse 11. &gt;&gt; For what man knoweth the things of man save the spirit of man which is in him? Even so the things of God knows no man but the spirit of God. So he says it's the spirit of man, the human spirit that's not the things of man, but even the things of God is only the spirit of God. Then verse 12 says, "Now we have received not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God, that we might know the things which are freely given to us. Praise the name of our Lord." So the spirit of the world is the spirit of the devil. So now we have our human spirit but outside of us there's the spirit of God and in the spirit of the world. So the spirit of God would desire to influence you or the spirit of the world would influence you and our first birth. We are born as sinners in this world. So the devil takes a hold of us immediately. He influences our thinking. He influences our decision making. He influences what we desire. So the moment we are born here on earth, our human spirit are bound by the spirit of the world and the human spirit has affections also. senses. The way the body has five senses, even the spirit of man, the human spirit has five senses. There is a sense of affection. There is a sense of consciousness. There is a sense of reasoning. There's a sense of imagination and a sense of memory. So now when you are bound by the devil then your affections will be of the devil things of the world the lust of the flesh the lust of the earth pride of life bound praise the name of our lord. So when the gospel comes is to come to liberate you from the bondage of Satan that your human spirit is released from the power of darkness that you can leave all the wicked things of the world and then your human spirit turns unto God. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of the Lord. So now when your human spirit turns unto God, it is the spirit of God that guides you that influences you. The Bible says as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the children of God. Why? You surrendered your human spirit under the leadership of the Holy Spirit. Holy Spirit together with your human spirit. Let us go to Romans chapter 8. Praise the name of our Lord. Verse 14. For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. For you have not received a spirit of bondage again to fear, but you have received a spirit of adoption whereby we cry, "Aba, Father, so the spirit of God makes you to realize I am the son of God. So I call upon the name of the Lord. I depend upon God. I take time to read his word. I take time to obey his word. I take time to do things that please him. Then he says, "And the Holy Spirit bears witness bears witness with our human spirit that we are the children of God. Praise the name of our Lord." We need to get into that relationship. Now, when you get into that relationship that your human spirit acknowledges, accepts the leadership of the Holy Spirit and they talk the same thing. They have the same testimony, have the same witness, then your human spirit will stop going after the things of the world, but your human spirit will desire the things of God. because of the Holy Spirit that dwells in us. So then your human spirit under subjection of the Holy Spirit, you'll start manifesting, the life of Jesus Christ. Praise the name of our Lord, it's all about obedience. Hear the word, obey the word. Then he says, you shall abide in my love. Praise the name of the Lord. Let us go to Matthew chapter 24. Praise the name of our Lord. The scripture says, Matthew 24 and then verse 12. And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall works. Matthew 24:12 He says, "Iniquity shall abound." So your human spirit is taken over by the world spirit. So then you do things which are contrary. No love of God. The Bible says if you love the world, the love of God is not in you. So you need to make sure that you see that you hate the things of the world that the spirit of God have preeminence in your life. And when the spirit of God has charge in your life, you will bear the fruit of the spirit. Praise the name of our Lord. It will be something that is in your life automatically. You force yourself to but it's alive. Praise the name of the Lord. You don't think about it. It just comes there because there is a word of God that lives in you. You know the way the Bible say in Psalms chapter one that you shall be like a tree that is planted by the rivers of water that bears its fruit in season. So you are drinking from the river and then it comes then it brings its manifestation as you connect with Christ. His life is on display in your life. His life is on display in your life. Praise the name of Lord. So let our fruit remain. Praise the name of our Lord. Avoid the things of the world. Avoid the things that are contrary to the word of God. Avoid bad companies. Your fruit should remain. Praise the name of God. Now in the message influence, he says so many today you take a family of people that will start going to church and God will heal the little family. He will bless them and give them the Holy Spirit in their life. The little children will pray around the table. They will pray before they go to bed. Mother and father will join hands and pray. And as long as they continue like that, they will stay a family. Praise the name of the Lord. Says as long as they continue, they will stay a family. You're not too busy to come to church. You're not too busy to pray. You're not too busy to read your Bible. Too busy to read to not talk about God. He says you'll stay. But see how the devil comes now. He says first thing you know they didn't have nothing. an old junk car maybe riding around in or maybe walking and they keep their time. Praise the name of our Lord. But sometimes when the things accumulate then the love works cold. That means there's a replacement. The love you had either has been taken by the car, the love you had of God, whether he has been taken by the things you possess, the love of God you had, whether has been taken by everything you think about. I just don't have enough time. There's a brother who said, &gt;&gt; now I'm not saying the same. But it is true. If &gt;&gt; you don't have time, when you fall sick and you're bedridden, will you have that time to go to work to go and do other things? But you're just there bedridden. Everything is cut off. You're on the bed very sick. You don't need to remember God on the bed like that. Even when you are well, see that what belongs to God, you give to God. You give him your life. You give him your time. You give him your resources. Be faithful. Praise the name over. Don't take the mind of the devil. You know the devil thinks that we serve God because of conditions or circumstance. But should not be like that. Praise the name of the Lord. So he says when that family is in that state, they continue. Then finally they get a good car, a better home. And the first thing you know, then they want to go to what the world calls a better class. high society and then they associate with that. You know when when you are very poor you don't have time to go to the lion's club or golf club they sell there soda many times the price of the normal one things of golf are very expensive they come driving carrying their bags will you come with the border So you must come with a status there also come with people are going to carry for you put on you know designer shoes [Music] designer belt designer cape designer t-shirt so it takes its own. So then when he becomes into that they move into a different neighborhood and in there they find out they become influenced by the wrong influence. Yeah. Because those people don't have time for God. like this golf club golf or sports rallies they don't have time for God and then when they are meeting in the evening drinking smoking doing all things which are not right and then you've got an influence this is the one mayor even yesterday with minister your talk is high then you see you know the Bible says cares of life and cares of life all go through the things you need the food you need the clothes you need where to reside you struggle to get those things you struggle to get those things now when you finish of life is no trouble. Then it comes the riches of life. You have possessed enough. Satan is also there. Now when you have enough, now you go to the pleasures of life. That's when you can afford, you know, to spend money on something too small. You spend that money And it takes your time and everything. So even these people put themselves like that. They had the fruit. The spirit was in their family. The Holy Spirit. But the fruit would not remain because of wrong influences. It can be at your place of work. It can be your neighbors. It can be some of your friends who have come around and when you associate with them your fruit doesn't remain but he says I have chosen you and ordained you that you bear fruit. Now when you bear fruit God wants your fruit to remain. Praise the name of the Lord. He wants your fruit to remain. He wants to come to your tree that he can find fruit to eat. Not like the other tree with leaves but no fruit. God wants to find your fruit. So he says you must always stay where the kingdom of God is, where the glory of God is pouring out. Stay where you can be spiritually fed day and night. Praise the name of our Lord. You need to see that I need to be in the services of the Lord for my spiritual good. Praise the name of the Lord to keep alive. You know what does what does the Lord want me to do? to keep on reading my Bible. I need to keep on reading my message books. I need to keep on waiting on the Lord, praying to the Lord, Lord, help me. Lord, guide me. Lord, direct me because the devil is still fighting. Praise the name of Lord now in the Sian church age. Sad. Yes. In Revelation 3:2, &gt;&gt; the Holy Spirit was telling them, "Be watchful and strengthen the things which remain that are ready to die, who have not found your works perfect before God." So then he says, "Be watchful. and strengthen the things which remain that are ready to die. Now the ideas expressed in these two words watchful and strengthen are these to watch. It contains not only the idea of being awake but to be alert. to be otherwise instinct. Danger and loss. To strengthen means more than just to give strength. It means to fix and establish for permanency. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to see that our fruit. What we have received of the Lord, let us not lose any. Let us not lose any ground to the devil, your time to pray, your time to meditate, your time to read the word of God, that the devil doesn't take any ground. You know, because when the devil comes closer to the ground that you've been to, then he's trying to shift. That's why those western countries or Russia &gt;&gt; is making sure they don't bring their their missiles along its borders because easily they can push you out. So they make sure stay there. Let us have a buffer zone around. Praise the name of our Lord. But now most of us I don't know if Satan has not already taken our buffer zone. You have taken your buffer zone. You say I don't go to disco. You say I don't go to disco. But on your phone you listen to disco music. You're already there in the disco. I don't go to to film holes. &gt;&gt; But you have these things here. &gt;&gt; You feed dirt things. He has already bleached. It's just there. How will your fruit remain? The Bible says because iniquity shall abound. The love of many shall works. So how much do you love God? Praise the name of the Lord. How much do you love God? Look at your time you spend. Praise the name of Lord. How much time do you give to God in your life? You can know I spend time on this. I spend time on this. and spend time on it. How about the message? &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. When did you get a message book and read it and completed it? How long did it take you? Praise the name of our Lord. When you take your Bible and honestly pray, reading the Bible, asking God to find the mind of God in this area. When did you last do that? The weaknesses that you have. How often do you call on the name of the Lord? Deliver me from this weakness. Deliver me from this failure. How much time do you spend with the Lord? Praise the name of the Lord. You know, you need to check yourself. My fruit &gt;&gt; is it there or it has already been eaten? Praise the name of our Lord. And you know when the devil was attacking the bride tree, God is attacking the fruit. So when the fruit was eaten, then he came to the leaves and the fruit is your identity. And now if you don't have a fruit, they will get you in a group of people who are cursing. You think these ones fear God also among them cuz you're enjoying the dark identity. When you got people doing bad things, they think you're also their client because there's no identity. They're not afraid of you. They can do anything they want to do. Anything they want to say, identity fruit. So the the worms ate the fruit. And some people they can be without the fruit but then they have the leaves. Come to church fellowship those are leaves. But if the worm has eaten your fruit is coming to eat your your leaves. And when it eats the leaves it becomes hard to come to church. It becomes hard to wait on the Lord. It becomes hard to read the message book and you just like ah I don't know the things or even when you start reading your mind goes off. That's the devil but we are called the Bible told us we have been chosen. We have been ordained to bear fruit. Praise the name of our Lord. So how much fruit are you bearing? Praise the name of our Lord. He says that your fruit should remain. Let us finish. Praise the name of our Lord. In Ephesians chapter 5 and then verse 9, the Bible says, "For the fruit of the spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth." Ephesians 5:9, [Music] proving what is acceptable unto the Lord, and have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather reprove them. He says, "Have no fellowship, the unfruitful works of darkness. See that you don't take interest in them. See that you don't give them room. But reprove them, reject them. For it is a shame even to speak of those things which are done of them in the secret. Praise the name of our Lord. So you reject them. You don't desire them. Praise the name of our Lord. You want to have your personal relationship with the Holy Spirit, the Holy Spirit can take over your life. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in Hebrews 12 verse1 and verse 2 the Bible says wherefore seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witnesses let us lay aside every weight and the sin which does easily beset us and let us run with patience the race that is set before us. looking unto Jesus, the author and the finish of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him, endured the cross, despising the shame, and he sat down at the right hand of the throne of God. Amen. Amen. It says looking unto Jesus, continuous looking because he's the one who starts our faith and he's the one who perfects it, the one who brings it to completion. So just have that continuous look to Christ, you know, a continuous love of God, fellowship of God, continuous obedience, you know, continuous reading the word, continuous meditating upon the word, continuous hearing the word, you just continue with him. as you keep on looking unto him like that song, turn your eyes unto Jesus. And the more you turn your eyes to Jesus, it says the things of the world will become strangely dim. You even start wondering what are these people talking about? People still they do those things then there are those who know where they do them from this but for you they are dim you've cut off yourself from the things of the world because you desire more of God and the more of God you desire you are drinking you're drinking and as you keep on drinking you manifest that which was ordained in your life. Praise the name of our Lord. You bear the fruit of the spirit not in little quantity. But you know the quant the measure has to continue just like this scripture here it says the more you look to him. You know in 2 Corinthians 3:18, praise the name of our Lord, &gt;&gt; and he says, &gt;&gt; "But we all with an open face, beholding as in the glass the glory of the Lord." So now you are looking in the glass of God which is the word of God. You are allowing the word influence you. The word influences your affection. The word influences your consciousness. The word influences your memory. The word influences your reasoning. Your decisions are based on the word of God. Then he says, "You are changed in the same image from glory to glory by the spirit of the Lord." Praise the name of our Lord. Like that rivers of water, it says it bears his fruit. Whose fruit? Christ is fruit. In Christ season when you keep on looking to the word you are changed you are transformed your mind is changed your speech is changed your action is changed and then they see the person is not like us because there is a power of transformation that works from within you and brings you to the image of the Lord Jesus. Praise the name of our Lord. We should desire to be like Jesus. Praise the name of our Lord. Be like Jesus Christ all your lifetime. Be like Jesus Christ. May God bless you so. Amen. Amen. We shall do a dedication just after the service leads us into worship. Let us sing that song to be like Jesus. If you can come after to be like Jesus, &gt;&gt; I want to be like him. 67. &gt;&gt; To be like Jesus. [Music] Oh, be like Jesus. [Music] Oh, God bless you, brother. [Music] All through life from birth to grow. I only ask to be thy king. From Betham's manger came forth a strangeanger. [Music] on a fire to be like him. [Music] My faithful savior, how rich is faith. [Music] Oh not thy Lord to me. to be like Jesus. to be like Jesus on earth to be like him. All through all through life's journey from earth to glory. [Music] I only ask [Music] to be like him. Seren and holy sin and holy. Obedient [Music] Lord. own [Music] to be like him. By grace, by grace for giving [Music] and hero [Music] of thy lord to be to be like Jesus. [Music] Like Jesus [Music] to be like Jesus. Oh not alone. to be like him. All through life from earth to grow. [Music] I only ask [Music] to be like him. Oh sorrow I weary and trbled. No light in the darkness you see. There is a light for a look savior and life more abandoned and free. [Music] Turn your eyes upon Jesus. Look full in his wonderful face and the things of earth will grow strangely dim in the light of his glory. [Applause] Turn your eyes now. Yes. Done. Your eyes upon Jesus. [Music] Look full in his wonderful face. And the things of earth will grow strange [Music] in the light of his glory and grace. His word shall not fail you. We promise believe him and all will be well. and go to a th is perfect salvation to dare. Turn your eyes now. Turn your eye upon Jesus. Look in his wonderful fulfill and things are things of earth will grow strength. redeemed in the light of his glory. I love you. I love you [Music] because if I love Amen. [Music] salvation. Oh God, I love him. I love you. I love you. [Music] He goes [Music] love [Music] my sal. All cover free. [Music] Dear Lord Jesus, indeed it is your love which has brought us Lord to the fellowship of the word. That word which constrains us every day Lord to gather around the throne of grace. If it wasn't for your love, Lord Jesus, where would we be, Lord? We thank you, Jesus Christ, for God so loved the world that you poured out your life, Lord, that you reserved your throne, your glories, Lord, to come and show us your loving kindness to come and show us to us, Lord, your mercies, Lord. We thank you Jesus for the grace Lord. [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] Father, you Jesus Lord [Music] Jesus Christ [Music] [Music] that Lord Jesus reference that every scriptures Lord of fire in my days of Jesus. You say you [Music] may remember more and more that Lord knowing that the Lord is Lord we should not be standing even our Lord also has to be Lord Lord Jesus Lord Father Lord Jesus opportunity Lord to be planted Father by the rivers of waters Lord Jesus may our fruits may our trees Lord blossom Lord may our leaves Father go oh my Jesus remain may our fruits Lord the seed Lord remain Father and may Lord Jesus go farther on that Lord Jesus they may be more multiplied father that Lord Jesus we may bring more father Lord Jesus into the kingdom of God. I pray in the name of our Lord Jesus may you take our supplication today. May you take our needs today. May you take father Lord our weaknesses today. May you take us Lord into the holies of holies that we may be father like that road of Aaron Lord. We pray Lord Jesus. Father Lord may you come and circumcise Lord Jesus those hardiness Lord in our lives Lord may you take away Lord the stony hearts that you may give us that you may repress Lord a new heart and a new spirit father Lord Jesus I pray father for the grace you pour unto us Lord and I thank you Lord for the baptism of the Holy Spirit which has gone into our souls father Lord having known such but Lord we pray father more that Lord Jesus our bodies, the actions of our life, the talks of our mouth, Lord, the meditations of our hearts may respond, Father, Lord Jesus, to that what God has done to our souls. We thank you, Jesus. You've redeemed us, Lord. And we are waiting, Father, Lord, for our total body change. But we have to experience it father by the change of life by the change of talk by the change of walk by the change father of seeing. Lord we would love to see and look unto Jesus the author and the finisher of our salvation. We thank you Jesus. We give you glory and honor. Behold what manner of love the father has given unto us. [Music] Behold what manner of love the father give the nar. [Music] Oh behold what manner of love the father give. unto you. [Music] Oh, behold what manner of love the father give thee now. [Music] Oh, we should be called the children of [Music] that we should be the Children of God, give him praise. [Applause] Before we come to the end of the service, I have here some some notes to read. Okay, before we read, let us deal with the family of brother Moses. Sarah, we are going to dedicate this baby. She's really looking at me. Let us pray. &gt;&gt; Father, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, &gt;&gt; thank you for this baby that you've given the family of our brother and our sister. We dedicate this baby into your hands. We pray that the grace of God may come upon her life. your blessings, your protection. And Lord, we pray in the name of Jesus Christ that Lord, you may give the ability to the father and the mother to raise this child in the fear of the Lord. You also give them Lord, you may open doors for them to get incomes that can raise the wellbeing of this child. We pray the baby may be a joy to their family and Lord may watch over this baby's life. Revoke the cough that's tormenting her in the name of Jesus Christ. We pray that Lord you may heal this child. Lord we also pray that you may protect this child from all negative spirits from all powers of darkness. Lord that wherever the family may be Lord may always watch over this child. Help her Lord in being raised up in the fear of the Lord. Provide for all her health. Provide for education. Provide for our sustainance Lord. And Father at the time of accountability Lord may you bring her to the knowledge of Jesus Christ. We pray as you said Father that the children at the heritage of the Lord that Lord may honestly Lord open more doors Father sustain the family Lord for your grow and for your honor. In the name of Jesus Christ ask this. Amen. [Music] Amen. [Music] I have a note of appreciation. A note of application. He says, "God bless you. Theobi family would like to appreciate you alli family to appreciate you all for your prayers, financial support, material support and your presence during the burial of our on Tuesday last week. May God bless you all. This is from Davidi and our loving sister. [Music] [Music] Then there is one for attention. There is one note for which calls for attention. He says during one of our last meeting with some sister uh some sister churches, some sister churches we we managed to to We managed to we managed to some drugs to treat those who needed first aid services at that time. Our brethren in the medical sector managed to serve some drugs. Yes, managed to serve some drugs serve serving. They are requesting that in case you want to keep some like in your family, in your family, first aid Please visit the first door at the entrance. as you go to the pastor's As you go to the pastor's room. So, so that you you use them in uh your homes. their exper um April I mean he says June and April 2027 heaven as you will be instructed. This will be immediately after this service. And he says NB in the medical sector 203 Please be there to serve to serve the drugs. And he says, "God bless you, our precious brother Davidi, the head of the deacon team." So he's saying that we have drugs or medicine. &gt;&gt; Yes. So if you are needed or interested you go and pick so that you you take it in your first aid box. Yes, that is it. So as we go out [Music] Jonah is [Music] the evening service starts at 3. Oh, and it is for the those who have who are done with school and those young people who have just got married. Yes. So you endeavor to attend. [Music] Foreign [Music] [Music] [Music]
