################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-21 - A Spiritual Race     Bro Talenga Wilson   21.05.2025 - Talenga Wilson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-21
Title:    A Spiritual Race  |   Bro Talenga Wilson |  21.05.2025
Speaker:  Talenga Wilson
Church:   Inner Veil Ministries
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 1h 52m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-JVmDW-Iu3o
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
All the day [Music] long away from the mile and away from the clay. God lead his dear children alone. A way up in glory eternity. God leads his dear children alone. Some through the water, some through some through the fire, but through the blood, some through great sorrow, but God gives a song in the night season. and all the daily. Some through the alars, some fruit through some through the fire, but all through the pool, some through great sorrow. that God give a song in the night season and all the day long. Away from the mile, away from the mile and away from the clay. God leads his dear children along a way up in glory. Eternity is day God leads his dear children alone. [Music] Some through the water, some through the flame, some through the fire, but all through the through great sorrow, but God gives us all in the night season and all the [Music] Let us have that song which says I'm I'm bound for the promised [Music] land. I'm b for the proise land. I'm bound for the pro land. All who will come and go with I'm bound for the proise land. I'm bound. I'm bound for the proise land. [Music] I'm bound for the proies land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I'm bound for the promised land. on Jordans on Jordan stories and cast a full eye towards gun and sphere and happy where my position lie. I'm bound. A I'm bound for the pro land. Put our hands together. I'm bound for the proise land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I'm bound for the proies of all those wide extended plains shines one day. where gold sun forever rains and scatter night away. I'm bound for the proise land. I'm bound for the proise land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I'm bound for the proise land. No chilling winds, no chilling winds, no poisonous breath can reach that healthful shore. sickness and soul roain and death. I fear and felt no more. I'm bound. I'm bound for the pro land. I'm bound for the pro land. Oh, who will and go with me? I'm bound for the proise land. When shall I reach? When shall I reach that happy place and be forever blessed? When shall I see my father's face? And in his bosom of grace, I'm bound for the [Music] pro. I'm burn for the pro land. Oh, who will come and go with me? I'm burn for the [Music] pro. As we prepare to hear the word, let us sing that song which [Music] says it says the lily of Davari. How many are having friend? Do you have a friend? Amen. It's Jesus, the Lord Jesus Christ. Let us sing it joyfully. Amen. I have found a friend in Jesus is everything to me. Is the fairest to my soul. My lady of divine in him alone I see all I need to cleanse and make me fully whole. In sorrow is my comfort. In trouble is my stay. every care on him to Lord. Hallelujah. Is the lily of the valley. The bright and morning star is the fair of 10,000. Let us let us change the key a bit. I'm sorry my is not good. I have found a friend in Jesus is everything to him. Is the fairest of 10,000 to my soul. Valley of the valley. In him my Lord, I see all I need to cleanse and make me fully whole. In sorrow is my comfort. In trouble is my stay. He tells me every girl on him to rule. Hallelujah. He's the leading of the valley, the bright and morning. He's the fairest of 10,000 tums. He all my griefs. me. All my griefs are taken and all my sorrows born. In tempation is [Music] my all for him forsen and all my idols stor from my heart. And now he keeps me by his [Music] bord for him. [Music] The fair of 10,000 to my soul. He'll never never leave me. He will never never leave me. or yet forsake me here. Why I live by faith and do his blessed will. Oh, I fire about me. Have nothing now to fear. Be my hungry soul shout. Oh then sweeping then sweeping up to glory will see his blessed face where are rivers of the light shall ever ro. Halleluah. He's the liy of the valley. The bright and morning star. He's the fair of 10 to my soul. Loving precious heavenly father, we are so grateful to be in your presence tonight. And Lord, we want to thank you for such a special grace that each one of us has father shared from [Music] you to be able to come before your presence. I appreciate you father, for the gift of life for the protection and for provision towards each one of us. Father and Lord God, we have come to worship you. We have come to have fellowship with you. And father, Lord Jesus, you've appointed me tonight that Lord, I should represent you, Father, to speak your thought to the purchase of blood. I commit myself, Father, to you. I pray that, Lord, you may, Father, cleanse me, Father, and make me worthy to stand before your presence. to be able to deliver the message to your people tonight. I Lord commit the word that we are going to read and share that you may take it up and bless it that it may be a blessing to each one of us. I commit unto you Lord and congregation that father you may come down and circumcise Lord their ears that this word may go through their ears and deep down into their souls that it may be of benefit to our souls. We love you Lord and we thank you in the name of Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. God bless you. I want to appreciate you for your coming. to be part of. Thank you for coming. Be part of the fellowship. [Music] [Music] Okay. So, I want to welcome you to the reading of the word in the book of 1 Corinthians chapter 9. and we shall pick out verse 24 to 27. Amen. Amen. The Bible says, receiveth the prize. So run that you may obtain and every man that striveth for the mastery is temporate in all things. Now they do it to obtain a corruptible crown, but we are incorruptible. I therefore I therefore s not as certain not as certainly so fight I not as one that beatth the air but I keep under my my body and bring it into subjection, lest that by any means when I have preached to others, I myself should be a cast away. [Music] Let's also turn to Hebrews chapter 12 verse 1 to verse 3. 12 verse 1 to verse three. Verse one says, "Wherefore, seeing we also are compassed about with so great a cloud of witness, let us lay aside every weight and the sin which thou so easily beset us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us. looking unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith, who for the joy that was set before him endureth endured the cross, despised ing the shame. And he sat down at the right hand of the throne of God. For consider him that endure endured such contradiction of sinners against himself, lest you be wearied and faint in your minds. Is it May the Lord add a blessing listening to his word. We may be seated. Amen. Amen. So for our text tonight, my title shall be a spiritual race. A spiritual rest. Wrestling in the race. Praise the Lord. So we have taken two scriptures here where Paul was speaking to the to two churches. First he was speaking to the Corinthians and then in Hebrews he also said the same thing in Corinthians he said don't you know that they that run in a race or run but one receives the prize and he said so that you may obtain one. Praise the Lord. And then in verse three, he in verse two, he said that they that run they run to obtain a corruptible crowd. But then he said, "Unto we run to receive an incorruptible crown. So he said, "I also run therefore not as uncertainly so fight I not as one that beat the air." Praise the Lord. and he said, "I keep under my body and bring it into subjection." Then he said in Hebrews that now seeing that we are compassed with so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight and sin which so easily beset us. So he encourages us to lay aside every weight, to lay aside every sin that easily besets us, and then continue to run with patience the race which is set before us. Praise the Lord. In other words, there is a rest that is set before every Christian. And now he encourages us that in that race, there are so many things that beset us. But he said we should put all of them aside and strive to run with patience the rest that is set before us. So now in Corinthians he said those that run in the race in the social aspects they are after a corruptible crown. But now when he tells us to run here in Hebrews, he says as we are running in this race, we are not looking at a corruptible crown, but as we run the race that is set before us, we should look unto Jesus Christ who is the author and finisher of our faith. Praise the Lord. So now when we are running in this race, we are looking at Jesus Christ, our crown, our center of attention in this race is Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord. And now I want to give a definition of what a race means. A rest means a contest. Praise the Lord. A contest. When people are racing, they are contesting to see who can move fastest over a certain distance. So we can we can know there is so and so the fastest man in the world. You'll hear of teach. You'll hear of so many others being the fastest over certain distances. because they participated in a race and now in their race they all want to obtain a golden crown they use the target as they are running. So it has a starting point and then it has an ending point and said all of us begin the race and all of them begin to run and as they are running they are aiming at a corruptible crown, a gold medal, a silver, a bronze. There is something that is compelling them to participate in the race. Praise the living God. But now we are not talking about that race where men gather together and participate in a contest. Paul speaks about a spiritual race. and a spiritual rest. The dictionary says it's a journey of faith and perseverance. Is a journey of faith and perseverance as one strives to live according to the eternal purpose of God to be Christlike. And remember Paul said when we run in this race we are looking at our crown. Praise the Lord. So he never said you look at this you look at the other. He said looking unto Jesus Christ. And then he says Jesus Christ in this category is both the starter is both the author of this race and at the same time he who is the finisher of the race. So now where does this place every Christian? It is Christ who begins the rest. At the same time, it is Christ who finishes the rest. Where then are we placed? Praise the Lord. Now, where are we in in Christ? In this race, we are hidden in Christ Jesus. As we are participating in the race, we are not participating on our own. Praise the Lord. In the social aspects, if a race is announced that people begin to prepare, praise the Lord. They begin to practice. They run up and about to gain speed. So they are preparing for that day. Praise the Lord. So when it comes on that day, they now come to participate individually. But now here in the spiritual race, when Christ brings you, praise the Lord. He does not allow you to run the race alone. Praise the Lord. He begins the race with you and he takes you along through the journey to the end of the race. So now he begins this he becomes the starter the author of the race and again he is the finisher. starts with you from the start line to the finish line. That's why Paul says we are running. We are fighting not as one that beats the air. But we are running. We are fighting with purpose. Our purpose is to reach the finish line. And our finish line is perfection in Christ Jesus. And now there is no way you can get this perfection alone. It has to start with Jesus. It has to be with Jesus. It has to end with Jesus. Praise the living God. In the Greek lexone, the word The word race, it is agon in Greek. Agon meaning a fight. A race is a fight. So Christian brother called to sit. We have been called to a race to fight contention. It is a conflict. It has something to do with striving to do something or become something. It has to do with fighting something precious. So what are you fighting for in this race? Why are you in the race in the Christian race? Praise the Lord. So now when you're participating in this race it has it must come with preparation in the social aspect in the social in the social activities there are preparations. So in every race whether it is a car race or it is wrestling people have to prepare if if there's going to be a car racing. The drivers have to prepare. They train themselves. They check the car. They get the best mechanics. and they get the best materials. They make sure the car is in a perfect condition for the rest and they don't allow it to run until it reaches the touch line. those conditions and preparations in the preparation for the rest. Praise the Lord. And now when they announce that there is going to be a race. Praise the Lord. It catches the attention of so many people. Many people want to be part of it. Many people want to spectate. They want to see what takes place when they are not participating in the race. And now those that are in the race begin to influence those that are outside it. Praise the Lord. Begin to influence them. Remember the one that is participating has a vision. and the vision. Their goal is to get the prize. But as they participating, they are also influencing those that are that are looking on. Praise the Lord. This exactly happens in the spiritual participating in this race. We must get adequate preparations. What do we need to prepare for the race? You must be armored. You must have armor. Praise the Lord. And now Paul calls it the armor of God. Praise the Lord. So what is the armor? You must have the word of God with you. And you must have the faith to be part of the race. Praise the Lord. And now when you begin the race, it comes along with influence. While in the social aspects they influence the masses and the people want to be like them. People begin to put on attires names of participants. That means the participants have a direct influence on the people around them. They have an influence. Those that are watching them even in this spiritual race, those that are participating in the spiritual race have an influence on those that are not yet there in the race. So when God calls us to this race, we ought to be extra careful. Observe the principles in his race. Praise the Lord because while you are walking in his race, you are having an influence to those that are close to you. Praise the Lord. And now if you have children, you're a parent and now you are moving in this spiritual race, your life, your character has an influence to those that are closest to you. So now if you got a wrong character, it directly affects the children that are closest to you. So if you have a loose tongue, a loose tongue will directly affect your children. So while in this race, we must be extra careful. Keep the principles of him that called us to this race. raise the living God. And Paul says, "Fight as one that does not be the heir, but laying aside every weight of any sin that does so easily beset you, examining yourself daily in the word to know if you're living up the standards of the Yes. Praise the Lord. He says, "We are not looking for a corruptible crown, but we are looking to that which is incorruptible." And now he says, "As you're running, friends, your eyes should be on Jesus Christ. As you're running, you look away to Jesus. Praise the Lord because it is him who has the resources that we need in this race. Praise the Lord. Let's go to Ephesians [Music] 6:1. What are these resources? Praise the Lord. Put on the whole armor of God that you may be able to stand against the ws of the devil. Verse 13, wherefore take unto you the whole armor of God. Ephesians chapter 6 verse 11 verse 13. that you may be able to withstand in the evil day. While we are in this race, we must carry along the armor of God because without the armor of God, there is no protection. When you fail and fall down, you'll hurt yourself. But when you are protected by the armor of God, the ever living word of God, he will protect you from falling. That's why Paul says but when you take this armor of God be able to withstand in the evil day and having done all that you'll be able to stand. Praise the Lord. When does the rest start? When we accept Jesus Christ as our Lord and personal savior, while you are still out there, you're not in the race. When we were still out there, not in the race. But the day we accepted him as our Lord and personal savior, set us up to the rest. And what is the purpose of the rest? Leading us to perfection is leading us to perfection. And when we get to perfection, then leads us to eternity. The overall purpose of this race is to lead us to eternal life. Praise the Lord. How do we get there? First of all, we get to him. He says, "Behold, I stand at the door and knock." And how does he knock? By speaking his word to our hearts. And when you receive the word and you accept him, Then you open the door for him to come and enter. Then when he enters in there, he now sets you to a journey. He sets you up to the rest. You begin running your race. And now while in the world, the rest is between people. You're containing against people. But now here we are not contending against anyone. You're not contesting against your brother or your sister. You're not racing against you're not fighting or you're not competing. You're not competing against one another. But this is a personal race. personal journey. Praise the Lord. If there is anything for you to achieve the gift of this race, the competition, the competition has to be between you and yourself. That's why Paul says aside every wage Praise the Lord. The weight is not between you and your brother or your sister, but the weight between you and [Applause] yourself. In other words, you have the instruments of faith. You have the word of God which is your armor through which you examine yourself daily. Praise the Lord. As you're running, you look at the word mirror because he examines your requirements. So now you check through the word of God. You see that there is something somewhere that is not right. You now put yourself together and you you you take it unto God because in this race has not left us to run alone because we have Jesus who is the author with us and he runs along with us. So when we get weary, praise the Lord, when we get weary, praise the Lord, he has our strength, that's why he says, our perfect strength in times of weakness. Praise the Lord. As we are running this race, examine yourself daily in the word. Praise the Lord. This rest brother is not influenced by someone else. This rest brother should not be against anyone else. Praise the Lord. It has to be between you and yourself because it is a personal walk with Christ. And now when we had received the crown, the crown is not a group affair. It is not a family affair. It is not a church affair. It is an individual affair. Praise the Lord. It does not matter where you where you go church. Um whether you go to a very strong and powerful church or you go to a small church as long as you've been caught in this race now becomes a personal journey with your God. But if you examine yourself, you don't examine yourself in the light of others. Examine yourself in light of the word. You look away to Jesus who is the author and finisher of your faith. Praise the Lord. Now when you look at your brother, you shall fail because your brother could have a certain form of weakness. But when you come to see their weakness, your strength will fail you because you put your attention on your brother running in the same race with you. So our attention should be onto Jesus Christ and Christ alone. Praise the never living God. Run the race with patience. Run your race with patience, looking at Jesus Christ who is the author and finisher of your faith. Praise the Lord. And now when you're running the race, you got to be patient. You got to be patient. Praise the Lord. Paul says, "Run and race with patience." With patience because there are so many hurdles along the way. There are so many challenges along your spiritual journey. Praise the Lord. So, you have to be patient. Because when you rush, you are likely to fail. But when you are patient, in other words, run this race when you surrendered. Praise the Lord. When you're running the race, you have to be surrendered. Praise the Lord. You're not running as the world does because in the world athletics, it has to be your energy. But in the spiritual the spiritual race, not your strength anymore, but it is your total surrender to the leadership of the Holy Spirit. That's why he says you have to run the race with patience. So when you find hurdles along the way, you are surrendered and you ask God and then you sit back and continue the journey whether you get through it immediately, whether you overcome immediately or after some time. It all works for good. All you got to do is to be patient. Praise the living God. Now, when you are patient, you allow Christ himself to take you through. Praise the Lord. Weak. Praise the Lord. You got to avail yourself there. You know what the Bible says? He knocks at the door. Praise the Lord. Ask and it shall be given. That means until you ask. Praise the Lord. And yet God knows what we want. In the scriptures, he says before we ask, He knows what we want to ask for. Then he goes ahead and says ask and it shall be given to you. Now even in this race, you have to be available. You have to be available to God. Praise the Lord. Avail yourself. because there is no way God is going to take you through you being there. Praise the Lord. So you have to be there for God to take you through. Praise the Lord. So now when you are there and your faith shrinks then he lifts up your faith. He lifts up your face because you are totally surrendered. Praise the Lord. You've accepted him. You've taken him as your Lord and personal savior. Because you have believed. So you set your eyes. You set your mind. You set your expectations. set your feelings, all your desires onto him and you lose yourself of everything for you to be able to win this battle for us to win this battle. We must lose ourselves for Christ to live. That's why Paul says die daily because when you don't die there is no way Christ will come to live. So now in this journey we got to die. We got to lose ourselves. Lose our expectations. Lose our expectations. our desires, lose our ambitions, and then let God lead. And wherever he leads us, we shall follow. And as long as he's leading, we shall never fail. Praise the Lord. Spiritual race. Run the race with patience. Now when you get surrendered, Christ steps in to take a new walk with you and now he leads us to the way of perfection. Praise the Lord. And now the Bible says when he is come, praise the Lord, he the Holy Spirit When he the word of God, when he Jesus Christ is come, praise the Lord, he shall guide us through all truth. And now he does not only lead us through all truth, but he also gives us strength. He gives us encouragement. us up when we are failing. Why? Because he is the author and finisher of this race. So whatever may be tied. We are completely at rest. When the battle rages, it's upon him to raise a standard. Why? because you have sold yourself to him and you have made yourself available to him. Praise the Lord. How do you sell yourself to him? When you have totally surrendered of yourself, when your intellectual knowledge no longer applies, but your faith applies. Praise the Lord. When your education no longer applies but himself. Praise the Lord. So now when you completely get lost, he finds you because he came to seek them that are lost. So you have to be lost for him to find you. There is no way he'll find you if you are not lost and you are lost what? You are lost to yourself and get you you lost yourself like you are lost to you yourself. So you allow so you completely get lost to what? To yourself. In other words, you are not living by yourself. But you're living by that. You're living by that which you are living by that which you received, the word of God. So when you begin to live by the word of God, the word of God being yes and amen, You have to live by the will of God. Get lost of yourself and then allow God to direct you. Praise the living God. That's what happens. You got to present yourself and rest there. You don't fight yourself to holiness. Praise the Lord. He that has called you, as long as you avail yourself and surrender and be obedient, he will lead you to holiness. Praise the Lord because holiness is a part of this race. Because when he calls us, he calls us to holiness. Praise the Lord. He himself is holy and in him there is no sin. That's why Paul says now that he has called us unto himself our requirement to be part of this race. He surrender every weight that is holding you [Music] back and avail yourself to him. Then God himself begins to take you through. He takes you through every thick and thin. Praise the Lord. And he takes you through and he leads you through. He gives you grace. Grace after grace. When you find a situation and then you feel you are completely finished somehow he gives you sufficient grace to walk over it. Why? Because you are not living by yourself but you are depending upon him and his holiness. So every battle that is setting before you, you are not going to win it because of yourself. But you are completely rested in his word and you are sure that he has the power to help you win the battle. Let's look at the character David when his race. He did not rest against anybody. Praise the Lord. David was anointed king over Israel while Paul was still alive. But now David was a man tested of the Lord. He was a warrior and he'd been approved of God. Praise the Lord. He was in the mind of God to run the rest to a perfect man. He never fought against S. Rather, he accepted him because he knew he had the mind of God. He knew that Saul was not an enemy. So was his fellow brother. Praise the Lord. Why? Because he had the mind of God. He knew that it had anointed him to be king. He anointed him. was still alive to die before David was anointed. [Music] He loved him, but he prayed for him. He protected him. Praise the Lord. the mind of God with the mind of God that we are restraise the Lord will bless us differently us with different gifts put us different a brother or a [Music] sister. Praise the Lord. How to be in the mind of David. We should not compete with them, but we should love them to fellowship with them. Praise the Lord. Reverend David never even given a certain level of anointing above that of their gifts. God has blessed one. We should live as competition with one another. Praise the Lord. The mind of Christ because everything all work together for good. The body of Jesus Christ Even in the natural, in the finan blessings when God blessed your neighbor. You don't have to hate them. Praise the Lord. lay aside every weight. So now when hate comes in your heart, praise the Lord to envy your brother. To eny your brother, to ene your neighbor. Praise the Lord because they are better than you are at the moment. If the spirit of envy develops, you should run straight to Christ and carry that burden to Jesus Christ. In so doing, you are laying off your putting away every weight that may come between you and your God. Praise the Lord. We have to lay aside every wage, anything that comes in between between you and your God in this race. His envy, give it to Christ because God provided for this rest. He provided a perfect sacrifice and that's why the sacrifice is on the altar and the Bible says the blood upon the altar for our atonement. If there is that bit of weight, bring it to the altar for your atonement. God provided for that. Don't judge yourself. Don't crucify yourself because you have a certain form of weakness. God provided for your weakness. Lay it aside by casting it to Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord such that you lighten your journey. Praise the Lord. Because if you have all this weight, there is no way you are going to run the race to the finish line. You need to get right. That's why Paul tells us lay aside, examine yourself and lay every weight aside. Praise the Lord. Anything that comes between you and your God, lay it aside, praise the Lord. You don't have to run away. No, you run towards Christ. And now as you are moving our eyes, the Bible says we look at nothing else. We're not looking at an individual. But we are looking at Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord. We are looking at Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord. Because the purpose of the race is to be like him. And there's no way we can be like him if you are not looking at him. We have to look at him continually. I want to bring something from the Old Testament. This man Abraham, praise the Lord, God called him and God gave him a promise. So God called him to a race and he put him in a race and a race he told him. He says, "I have a promise I'm making for you. Come leave your land where you were born. Come into this race. When you come, this is the gift I'm going to give you. He said, "There is this land. I am going to give it to you and to your children." That was a promise. Praise the Lord. So now he also gave him another promise that you shall have a son. Praise the Lord. But now he told him first of all come. So now Abraham had to make himself available for the rest in order for him to get this promise. Praise the Lord. He had to make himself obedient. Praise the Lord to the promise which he had received from God in order for him to obtain it. So now Abraham left his land and he made himself available to God not knowing where he was going. So in other words, he surrendered himself and he got lost of himself for God to find him. And the moment he got lost of himself and his people, God took a hold of him and God started leading him through the way. Praise the Lord. As Abraham, he faced so many challenges. But each time he faced the challenge, he put his eyes onto the promise. Praise the Lord. Remember that there is a reason why he left his land. There is a reason why you left your land to come to the gospel of Jesus Christ. There is a reason why God called us from outside to come to the gospel of Jesus Christ. We have to be like Abraham. But every time we face calamity along the way, we have to remember the promise that he gave us when he called us out. Praise the Lord. In Philippians, praise the Lord. It says, "Faithful is he that called us." So he never call us to nothing but he call us to something. He says being confident of this very thing being confident of this very thing. Philippians 1:6. Okay. Being confident of this very thing that he which has begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ. So Genesis chapter 12 verse one, God calls him out. And says, Abraham, this is the portion only if you accept. Praise the Lord. Seek here first. the kingdom of God. Praise the Lord. Seek first the kingdom of God and his righteousness. Praise the Lord. He opens the door and he points us to all the treasures that are in there. All the things that you have need of, you'll find them here. But only if you have sought the kingdom of God. That is a promise. And now here, he says, being confident of this very thing, that he that called us, he that started the good work. Praise the Lord will make it to accomplish. Praise the Lord. Abraham put his attention to that promise. So he went through the rest. He never looked at affairs of others. He moved along with Sarah. He moved along with Sarah, his wife. He moved along with Lot, his brother's son. But now he never looked at them in the rest. But his race was all directed by the promise. Praise the Lord. It even came to a point when Sarah doubted the promise but never staggered. to a point of contention and Lot began to fight for the land. Abraham, he never looked at that because that's not what God had promised him and given him a promise that he would inherit a land and even his children would inherit it. So now he never fought with Lot. He left Lord to fight for the land and Lord took what he thought was the best and in the end we know what happened to him because Abraham kept his position in the race. God gave him the promise. Praise the Lord. And we look at so many of these characters. We look at the man Daniel in a strange land. Praise the Lord with a few of his friends in with a few of his friends. Praise the Lord in Babylon. You know they were there. They had no backing of anybody in the land but they only had the word. Praise the Lord. And God, as long as his word remains there, he shall always protect it at all costs. Praise the Lord. So if we have received the word of God, keep the word of God. Praise the Lord. If you have received the word of God, look for the word of God. And the Bible says don't fight as one that beats the air but fight as one who knows what they are fighting for. You must have a revelation for which you are fighting in this race. Praise the Lord. And your revelation should be that your revelation should be that your life is not ending here but that there is a life after here. There is a life that is free from burdens. There is a life that is free from there is a life that is free from tears. There is a life that has been promised in this world. And if we believe it, we shall come to that life because that is our promise. The promise is to get eternal life. What is that eternal life? That eternal life. The word of God. Praise the Lord. It is not in great speakers. is not in great speakers. It is not in great men. That life is in the word of God. Praise the Lord. So if you have received the word of God, by the word of God, live by the word of God. Everything that you do, live by the word of God. and the rest of the friends lived by the word that they had received. Praise the Lord. If you go and read the book of Daniel chapter one from verse one, Daniel had been given favor of the Lord. God had given them wisdom and he says he provided them with everything that they required to obtain favor before the king. So he gave them the word and the word contained everything that they desired to receive favor before the king. God has given us his word and the word of God contains everything that we need to live in this life and the life after here. Praise the Lord. We need a job. The job is not from anywhere else. Obey the word of God. Seek God. Seek his righteousness. things will come. Praise the Lord. It may take a little longer for certain reasons. For certain reasons, but certainly it shall come. Praise the Lord. And now Daniel, he was there. And now one day the king had a dream and nobody was able to interpret. It would be a time for Daniel to come and show off his wisdom, show off his gifts. They remained humble. Daniel remained humble because he knew he was not the one leading the rest. It was God that was leading the rest. And what happened when they got the news? He told his house and his friends and pray and wait on the Lord, running the race with patience. They waited on the Lord to reveal unto him what it was. Praise the Lord. And even when they were brought near the table of the king, Daniel, because they knew what they had believed and they knew what their compass was. Praise the Lord. When they brought meat that had been sacrificed to idols, you know, they were at the table And they had access to what king fed on food, eating meat. But when they brought this meat at the table, he looked at it and he told the unk that this one here, according to the foundation of our character, according to the word which guides us, according to what the word by which we live, we doing he examines examined his life with the word of God because the word of God prohibited them from eating meat sacrificed unto idols as much as it was good food as long as it was contrary to the word he said we're not going to eat this was very worried What shall we do? The king will behead me. If I take back this food and you go hungry, my friend, don't worry. Don't worry. Praise the Lord. And then he told them, you know what you're going to do? Give us vegetables. Give us do. Praise the Lord. Take away your meat. Take out your rice because this is contrary to the word. How many of us can stand to reject certain things to reject certain appointments to reject certain appointments or benefits in life because they contradict with the word of God. But as long as you are led of the word Praise the Lord. You will go, you'll always go by what the word tells you to do. Even if it's a a very nice job, but if that job defends the word of the Lord, the spirit of God, the word of God in you, the life of Christ in you will make you to reject that offer. Not because you have work to do, but because the life on the inside of you does not align with the job that you've been offered. Daniel did it. Give us give us vegetables and give us water and test us for 10 days and see what will happen of us. And now after 10 days saw that Daniel we are looking so healthy. And the Bible says they were they had put on weight more than those that we are feeding on meat. Praise the Lord. That was a testimony. Praise the Lord. So now this man looked at them astonished and he desired so much Daniel and he desired so much what they had believed to the meat. Praise the Lord because he knew that this was not to their standards. He calls us. He calls us to certain standards in life. Praise the Lord. When he calls us this race, he sets certain standards in our journeys. There are things that we we shall do and there are things we must not do. And somehow you will not wait for a pastor to tell you not to do it. But the life on the inside of you will tell you this is not right for me to do and you want to do it. Praise the Lord. Now when you somehow compel to do it and you find that you have fallen, it is not over for you. When I'm weak, then I am strong. Why? Because when you call upon Jesus, when you run back to him, you go and confess to him, you can't ask him for grace and pardon. His grace is still sufficient because he started the race and he's not going to leave us along the way. He will have to finish the race. Praise the Lord. God was right there with Daniel. God was right there with Abraham. God was right there with with David. God is right here with us. Praise the Lord. We may not experience the the same experiences that they had. Praise the Lord. But through our experiences in this journey, through our our experiences in this race, God is still with us. Praise the Lord. And he shall lead us to accomplish. They search the scriptures in every situation they face. talk about Shadrach. They also searched scriptures in every experience they faced along their way in their spiritual race. always examine themselves with the scriptures and if it was not fit, if it was not fit with the scripture, they laid aside that weight. There is a time, praise the Lord, when their way of worship, when their way of worship was put to a test. And then the king, the king loved them so much because the Bible says God gave them every gift that was required to give them a favor before the king. Time came that their way of worship was tested. And the king, he made an image to be worshiped. And all the people celebrated the the image except me. Why? Because when they heard the voice of the king, the instructions of the king, they ran back the scriptures. says what the scripture say about worship says you shall worship only one and one god and without and and and apart from him you shall not worship any other then they went back to the king and says king let this be known to you that this which you have passed is against the resources that were given to us in our journey in our race. And they told him for that reason bow down to worship that image. Praise the Lord. That was final regardless of what the priest said. Whatever they said was final because it was the word of God. Whatever everyone else was doing, whether everybody celebrated it, as long as it was not it was not in the word, They said we shall not do it. And then they told him we don't mind what will happen to us. And then the king said, "There is a furnace prepared, but seven times, whoever shall not worship shall not bow down to worship shall be cast in there." And they said, "We are determined for this race. We know that he that has called us, he who started this race, will finish this race. Whether we are bi that authored this race does not come to our res. We shall not give up. That was the determination because they had a revelation of the word which they had believed. There was nothing else that could detach them from the word, even their families. Praise the Lord because the Bible says, only three men that stood up. We don't know what happened to the rest of them. Maybe the rest of the people gave in, but that did not matter to Mr. Shadrach and [Music] Abednego. Praise the Lord. They knew him. Whom they had believed and they knew that he was able. And they said, "Even if he's not able, they are determined to follow his word, we shall not sell our rights. Even if it means our life. What a determination for this journey. Praise the Lord. They had a vision. They were walking by the word. examining themselves daily with the word, looking away to the spoken word, looking away to Jesus Christ, the author and finisher of our faith. So now even as today, whatever will come on the table, whether everyone else has believed it, But if it is not in the word, reject it. Run away from it. Lay aside that wait that may be set you run this race with patience with our eyes looking at Jesus Christ who is our eternal life. Praise the Lord. Look at Jesus Christ. Who is our victory? Because in this race, we are not starting it. He's the one who started it. Praise the Lord. He already started it and he ran it and he took it all through the cross down the grave and then he came back, went back to the to the altar. went back to the throne and now he got the finished work. He got the finished work. Praise the Lord. I came and placed it before us. And then he says, "Whoever wills come and when you come, walk in this fish work of Calvary." So you are not fighting as one that beats the air, but you're fighting knowing what you are fighting for that it is a finished work. Praise the Lord. Run the race with patience. Praise the Lord. Let me read this prayer. How can I overcome? We see our Lord, what he did and realize that the Old Testament saints, we found, we find out that what they did when Jesus raised, they went with him. And Lord, we believe that we will go when he sounds the trumpet. We believe it and together and the bride will go forth at the day the bride will go forth at that day and will join with the Hebrew group of it and together there will be a wedding supper in glory. We pray now for your mercy and grace upon us. Overcomers, Lord, overcome as we long to be. Lord Jesus, you overcome the world. Now I pray that you let every person here, lay every sin aside, lay aside the weight that does so easily beset us that we might run with patience the rest that is set before us. Paul spoke to us. Our heavenly father over there in the book of the Hebrews that we should lay aside every weight that he spoke this after he would already showed by example those who did go on. Those who did go on, those who did not go on, those who lukewarmly followed, those who lukewarmly followed, those who followed up in the front, those who lingered behind. He showed the examples. He then turned and said, "Let us lay aside every weight, every little tiny thing that besets us, that we might run with patience the rest that is set before us, looking to him, the author and finish of our faith, who gave us the example. We do that this morning, Father. That's what the prophet says. He was making a prayer that each one of us can have the capacity to lay aside every weight. And when it gets heavy, we pray that the Lord keeps us true. When you feel you're failing, pray and say, "Keep me true, Lord. Keep me true." Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. There is a race. I know I must run. And there are victories for me to win. Give me power every hour to be true. Gain far more strength to run. And again, when you get weak, you ask the Lord to lift you up. And like the writer says, Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faith on heaven's table lander plane than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. running the race with patience. Let us run with patience. May the Lord bless you. Amen. Let's get on our feet. Amen. Amen. Lord, lift me up. Let me stand when I am weak. Lord, lift me up. And let me stand. Amen. Amen. Let's sing that song as the brother will lead us to worship. Amen. Lord, lift me up and let me stand by faithful. [Music] Oh, a higher plane than I have found. Lord, plant my feet on higher ground. We are pressing on. I'm pressing on the upward when new hide [Music] some day still [Music] praying I'm on ground. Lord, plant my feet on higher. My heart has no desire. My heart has no desire to stay. [Music] outside and feel though some may dwell where these are. Our prayer Lord my friend my [Music] is Sing and say Lord lift me up. Lord lift [Music] me and let me [Music] stand by faith on him. [Music] a [Music] higher than I have. Lord, plant my feet on [Music] high. I want to scale. I want to scale. The atmost [Music] high of glory, pride, but still I pray till have not found. Lord lead me on to [Music] higher ground. Lord, lift me up and let me stand as you prepare to speak the Lord. been stable. A higher place than I am. Lord, plant my feet on high ground. start to speak to him. Lord Jesus, we thank you father. We thank you Lord God for the privilege Lord you've given us Lord God to have that mind Lord that Lord Jesus you started a good work and we know Father you will bring it unto accomplishment Lord as the prophet says you didn't bring those children of Israel to destroy them in the wilderness but your purpose Lord was to cross them the land into the promises of God Lord we pray father there is a promise of God. The promise is the word of God. Lord Jesus, as your word has been restored, as your word has been proven, Lord, as this ministry, Lord God, has been father, vindicated, Lord, by your presence, Lord, as your word, Father, has been vindicated, Lord Jesus, by the very life of Jesus Christ, the baptism of the Holy Ghost, Lord, we depend upon you, Lord Jesus. We have no other way, Lord. We have no other word Lord Jesus. But on Christ the Lord Lord we stand. Oh my Jesus Christ take us farther into the promises of God that we may possess Lord what th says the Lord is Lord. We pray Lord Jesus Christ not by might Lord nor by power Father not what we are able to do Lord. Not by resolutions Lord Jesus but we depend on the finished work of Calvary Lord. Oh my Jesus. That's why Lord God, we are so thankful father for the blood of Jesus Christ. We are so thankful father Lord God for Calvary Lord because Calvary wrought mercy Lord and Calvary brought a pardon Lord God help us Lord by faith that we may take on Father the P Lord which was given Lord which was wrought on Calvary Lord. Lord Jesus, we know times are afflicting. Lord, mercies are coming for us. Lord, we pray. Lord Jesus, as we obtain mercies that we may use them in times of need, in the time where we are going to need them, Lord, we pray, Lord Jesus, may you bring us holy father into the word of God. May we soak in Lord. May we be part of the word that we may say like Jesus Christ. We do. We don't do what father we cannot do what God has not showed us. But whatever we do, whatever life we live, we do what the Lord has said. We do what father what we see the Lord Jesus do. Lord God and Paul says whether we sing songs whether we do father what words works or deed we have to do it according to the word of God. We pray Lord Jesus we thank you for the restoration of your word. We thank you Lord Jesus for the baptism of the Holy Spirit and we pray Lord for the fight for ministry Lord. May you give them more light Lord, more grace Lord, more understanding Father when they are in the meditations Lord in the preparation Lord to come and deliver the message to your children to the purchase of the blood. We thank you Lord your children are ever blessed Lord when the preacher comes Lord to minister grace unto the hearer. We pray father as we go out father this evening as we go out to our dwelling places may you go with us lord may we take the name of Jesus with us lord and give us father oh grace that we may live true lord each and every day lord god bless our day as we go out bless our feet father as we walk towards hope and bless father lord Jesus our hope we pray lord Jesus we thank you lord that your grace is sufficient for us as you faith it was sufficient to Paul. We thank you Lord. We love you and we appreciate you in the of our Lord Jesus Christ. Lord we pray. Amen. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. Keep me true. No Jesus keep me [Music] too. There is a race I must run. There are victories to be won. Give us power every hour to be true. Keep me true. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me true. You are dismissed in Jesus's name. There is a race that I must run. There are victories to be won. Give me power, every power to be true. We've come to the end of the service. You are free to go. Keep me true, Lord Jesus. Keep me [Music] true. Keep me true, Lord. Jesus gave me. There is a race. There is a race that I must run. There are victories to be won. Give me power, every power to be true. May God lead you as you go back home. You are dismissed in Jesus's name. [Music]
