################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-03-09 - Give Me Living Water             Pastor Katumba James         03.09.2025 - Katumba James.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-03-09
Title:   Give Me Living Water     |        Pastor Katumba James    |     03.09.2025
Speaker: Katumba James
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3vwQlGsXu4
========================================

who are strong Lord and who are still standing Lord. May you increase them lord their faith Lord that they may stand Lord Jesus that they may have that boldness Lord like Steven had Lord. Father Lord Jesus we commit ourselves into your hands and we commit father the preacher Lord and Lord Jesus whoever who is coming father may you give them a selfeing mercies Lord and give them Lord the spirit Lord that they may it may guide them Lord as they draw nigh father to the preaching of your word. We commit yourselves Lord. Come and take Lord Jesus Christ our sacrifice and come and Lord Jesus Christ. Cleanse Father and clear our throats Lord that we may sing praises unto our King Lord. We thank you Jesus. You've given us voices to sing unto you. You've given us hands to clap for you Lord. And you've given you've given us eyes Lord to look in the word and to look in the middle of the word to see Lord Jesus how far we've come and what stain is remaining upon us as you say come and reason with that with me Lord Jesus today we come Lord in humility in humbleness Lord that Lord Jesus we may have that mind which was in Christ Jesus that we may take away Father our own thinking and ideas Lord may you Lord Jesus Christ. Forgive us, oh God, our trespasses. May you forgive us, Lord, our shortcoming. May you forgive us, Lord, that weakness, Lord, the besetting sins, oh God, which hinders, Lord, the flow, the free flow of the Holy Spirit in us, Lord. We thank you, Jesus, because the desire of God is to see that he moves in the church, is to see that he moves in the bride. Lord, we thank you, Jesus. May you take us into the presence, Lord. That we may be like Elijah, Lord, who was moved by the Holy Ghost, Lord, that we may be like Philillip, Lord, who was moved the by the Holy Ghost, Lord. And Lord Jesus, may you inspire the minister, Lord, and inspire us, Lord, that you may hear from the spirit. Oh, hallelujah. We give you glory, Lord Jesus. Thou art worthy to be praised, oh God. Oh, hallelujah. Sweep [Music] from my soul. Sweep from my soul. Sweet spirit sweep over my soul. My race is complete as you get to know it. While I see at your feet, sweet spirit, sweep over my soul. Sweep over. Sing it again. For my soul. I want to hear you sing sweet over my soul. Sweet spirit. Sweep over my soul. Our rest is complete. My rest is complete. While I see at your feet, sweet spirit, sweet my soul, we are together again praising the Lord. We are together again in one accord. Something good is going to happen. Something good is in his store. We are together again. Praising the Lord. We are together again. [Music] Praising the Lord. We are together again [Music] in one accord. Something good is going to happen. Something good is in his store. We are together again. Praising the Lord once again. Oh, we are together again. You put your hands together praising the Lord. We are together again [Music] in one accord. Something good is going to happen. Something good is in store. We are together again. Praising the Lord. Give him a hand of praise. Hallelujah. Let us sing that simple song. There is honey in the lock. As we usher in the minister. Oh my brother, do you know the Savior who is wonderous, kind and true is the rock of your salvation. There is a need for you. Have you tested? Oh yes, have you tasted the Lord is gracious. Do you walk in the way that's new? Have you drunk from the livinging fountain? There is a need in the rock for you. Yes, my brother and sister. There is honey in the rock. My brother, I want to hear you sing. There is in the ro. [Music] Forgive your sin for the blood cover. There is Oh, for Oh, there is a need. There is an indoor my brother. There is a need for me. Leave your sin for the blood to cover. There is a need in the room for you. Do you pray unto God or do you pray unto God the Father? What will thou have me to do? Never fear, he will surely answer. [Music] There is a need in the road for you. Oh, there is a need. There is a in the rock. [Music] There is a need for you. Leave your sin for the blood to cover. There is honey in the road for you. [Music] Then go out through the streets and byways. [Music] Preach the word to men of you. Get to every fallen brother. There is honey in the rock for you. There is honey. There is honey in the rock. There is honey in a rock for you. Leave your sin for the blood to come. There is sun in the row for you in this the closing days of time. What joy, oh glorious, so powerful that soon no wondrous truths are blind. He shall reign. King of kings and lord of lord is coming soon. is coming soon. With joy we will come is returning. It maybe [Music] it may not we know is coming soon. &gt;&gt; Amen. Praise the name of our Lord. There's just some song I want us to sing together. Let your living water flow. &gt;&gt; Amen. If we can get it, that will be good. Let your living water flow. Let your living water flow over my soul. Let your holy spirit come and take control in every situation that has fall. from my mouth all my cares and lies unto thee I Jesus Jesus Jesus Jesus sing to the Father, father, father, father, father. Sing holy spirit. Spirit, [Music] spirit, spirit, spirit. Come down, Holy Spirit, and take control. [Music] All in your heart and let me build your way and take my to your Father, father, father, father. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Holy Spirit. [Music] Give your life to Jesus. Heat. Heat. You as you give your life to him to free. You will live and rein me down my father. [Music] Father Jesus. Jesus. [Music] Jesus. Jesus. Holy Spirit. Spirit, spirit, [Music] spirit, spirit. Amen. Let us give God a hand of praise. Amen. Thank you. Let us pray. Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ we thank you for this time you've given unto us Lord that we can come in your presence Lord you said where two or three are gathered in your name there in their midst and we believe father you're here in our midst come and speak to us father the words of eternal life we bring all our cares and burdens unto looking at heavenly father to meet every need. Lord, bless us all together. Father, grant your grace upon every one of us. Even remember those are not able to come. Commit them into your hands. Father, those who are sick and afflicted, touch them, make them whole, Father, and be gracious to all your children and they pass together. be ready for the rapture that will attend us. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. I greet in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; On Sunday, we are going to have two services. We have the Lord's supper as well. Praise the name of our Lord. So, let us go to John chapter 4. We're reading from verse 10 to verse 15. [Music] &gt;&gt; So the Bible says [Music] Jesus answered and said unto her, "If thou knowest the gift of God, and who it is that says to thee, give me to drink, thou would have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water." [Music] The woman says unto him, "Sir, thou hast nothing to draw with, and the well is deep, from when that living water, [Music] and thou greater than our father Jacob, which gave us the well, and drank there of himself and his children and his cattle. [Music] Jesus answered and said unto her, "Whosoever drinkketh of this water shall thirst again. shall give him shall never thirst. But the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life. [Music] The woman says unto him, "Sir, give me this water that I thirst not, neither come to draw. [Music] May God sing of his word. You may be seen. So I want to take our subject from verse 15 where the woman said unto Jesus, give me this water that I thirst not, neither come hither to draw. So I'm talking about give me living water. Praise the name of our Lord. Give me living water. So we see that the Lord Jesus Christ identified himself as the living water. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. He expressed to this woman that this water you've come to draw from the well. You are going to come go back and then come back. You're going to thirst. You're not going to get satisfaction from this well. But then he said, "But the water that I give, it springs up into eternal life. And it's a water where you thirst for nothing else. And he said, you know, in you, you become a well of water. And then the woman said, give me this water. Praise the name of our Lord. And each of us, we've been given that privilege that we can drink of that water. And you know, it should be something that you desire so much. You know that you desire it, you know, to come down in your life. Now in the message thirsting for life, brotherham says and notice here is where David got it. Now my hunter brother in here [Music] the one you know this that little deer Yeah. bleeding like that. That has got to get to water. I've wounded them myself, shot them, and shot them high or low and watch them. If he ever gets to water, you will never get him. He will just keep on crossing back and forth. He will never leave that water. He will just keep going back and forth. And you wouldn't get him if you had to. As long as he could stop and get a good drink, [Music] take off across the hill and come back right back and double itself back and then you could track him all the day long as long as he can find water. He will stay alive but keep him away from the water he will die. So now he's talking about this animal that when you shoot it you know the the life is to look for where the water is and as long as that animal can find water and its life is saved. But then if it can't find water, then it's going to die. So like now this animal when it gets where water is it drinks a lot, maybe running around like that and then it comes back the same spot where it got the water. In other words, without the water, you cannot live. And then now he says, "And David said, as the heart thirsts for the water, [Music] my souls after thee, oh God. I must find him or I will perish. I have been wounded and I must find the waters of life or I will perish. God, I have joined churches. I've jumped from this and that from this to the other. But if you don't find the waters of life, you will perish. But once get into that water, he is there. He will stay where there is a fountain of life. flowing freely tonight in the house of David in the city of God. All people rush, hunger, thirst. Blessed are they that hunger and thirst for righteousness. They shall be filled. Then he says, &gt;&gt; see they go to it. If you are wounded tonight, if the devil has took a chunk out of you, you are thirsting. What can I do? Brother, brother, just come to Jesus Christ. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. Now we have the fountain of water that has been open to us. The fountain of living water. So in anything you need to know that without Christ in my life. I am completely a failure. Praise the name of our Lord. We each need to recognize that that Jesus Christ &gt;&gt; is the fountain of life &gt;&gt; is the source of life. &gt;&gt; The life that we were born with from our parents [Music] is very temporary. It has death in it. It has frustrations in it. It has failures in it. It has sickness in it. It has troubles in it. That's our first life we get on earth. Natural birth. The first life that you get. And the Bible says a man that is born of a woman is of a few days. That's what the scripture says because it has frustrations. You know, it doesn't matter how great achievements one can get. You know, you at the end of the day find it all comes to nothing. Praise the name of the Lord. Like I was reading yesterday that this morning or yesterday how they are saying that Britain will need to borrow a lot of money for its economy to be revived. If not everything is collapsing and then you look at a big country like Britain, it is such a crisis and then they were talking about how how tens of thousands of million years leaving Britain going to another country. And then you start wondering every country would want to be like those countries. But then at the end of the day they are finding they have a lot of troubles among them showing us that the things of this life very temporary. Praise the name of our Lord. A limit. They may not be able to take you too far. The life itself is temporary. You know the achievements are temporary. There is failure in all these kind of things. That's why we need the fountain of living water. Christ who is our life. Now in Colossians chapter 3, the Bible says in verse 4, He says when Christ who is our life shall appear then shall you also appear with him in glory. So then we need to make an effort. We need to see that each of us is serious. That Christ is your personal life. You have no other life other than Christ himself living in you. Now look what this woman at the well. You know, she came to draw the water and she came at midday because in the cultures there concerning her morals, she wouldn't be allowed to mix with other women. So now Jesus knew there is somebody I have to talk to at this time. So he goes to the well and he waits for her there. while the disciples went to town to buy some food. And now when she comes to draw water, he tells her, "Give me something to drink." And normally when God comes our way, he always wants to start with what you are doing your attention. When Jesus met Peter and Andrew, They were fishing. So he started with them the language of fishermen. Get their attention. This woman came to the well to draw water. So even Jesus started by that mind she had me to drink something. And then she say but you you you are a Jew Samaritan. We have no dealings. And then Jesus told her, "If you knew the gift of God before you, you would ask me of living water." Then she started asking him, "What do you mean? You don't have anything to draw. Now you're telling me that you can give me water? Are you greater than Jacob our father?" Now when brother Brennham teaches us that he was catching her spirit you know to know the condition of her life and you know that everybody that comes in the presence of God. He God would always want to calm you down. He always want you to come down. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. The angel came to Mary, fear not. It didn't just start a shouting much. And then now you see some of these people on television when people come to them are already shaking. God doesn't work like that. Praise the name of our Lord. He comes in a situation where you can understand what he's saying. Job, stand up like a man and I speak to you. He wants to take your attention. And so Jesus had to speak on the water she had come to draw to get attention to help her. Praise the name of our Lord. So now Jesus said, if you knew the gift of God, you ask me of living water. Praise the name of our Lord. The Lord Jesus tells that the water that I give, you will not need to come to this world. But now you see this woman, the condition she was living in. Jesus saw her condition, where her problem was. So he came to where the problem was and said go and tell your husband to come here. And then she said I don't have any husband. And he said you have said the truth. You have had five they are not yours. Even the one you have now is not your husband. Now this woman in her condition changing one man to another man she never got any satisfaction in it and anything of this world. You can never get satisfaction. Praise the name of the Lord. You can never get satisfaction in the things of this life. The only satisfaction you can ever get is only from God. Praise the name of our Lord. Regardless of what somebody may try to achieve. Praise the name of our Lord. There will be no satisfaction of the things of this life. But what the Bible tells us, be content with what you have. There is no satisfaction of the things of this life. One person wrote about rich people that he will struggle to get a million dollar. when he gets a million dollar then he said why don't I get two he struggles he gets two I said but I need five then he gets the five said no they're not enough I need 10 said at least have 10 but now when he has somebody having $100 million I also need to have hundreds of million dollars then when he has the billion billion and he says I need to struggle to get a billion burning out [Music] like now the richest man in the world he was saying the other day he said because he owns Tesla and now he's saying that I'm going to make robots and the robots will make my company to be a trillion dollar more trillion dollar company. While everybody is looking at him because he's two times richer than the next person to him. But now he's looking at having trillion dollar rich person. No end to the chasing of these things. Praise the name of our Lord. And now these things here, they perish. They are of a a short time. You know, they are just some things that take a little time. Let us go to the book of Isaiah chapter 55 and then verse one. &gt;&gt; The Bible says, "For everyone that thirsteth, come ye to the waters. And he that has no money, come ye, buy and eat." Yeah. Come buy wine and milk without money and without price. [Music] [Music] God gives us things free, without money, without price. But yet the things of God, they are the ones which are despised. You go to the town and maybe start preaching the gospel, nobody will pay attention to what you're doing. But let a witch doctor come, a magician comes there mixing things, you get people surrounding there blocking that whole. You see how deceptive Satan is that he has taken the mind of people until the people want things which have no life and they spend their money in those things they spend their time in those things but then the things of God which are free nobody cares about them that's how Satan has deceived But then God is telling us come and buy. They are freely given to us. Praise the name of our Lord. Freely given. You know people are used to being cheated. You know every time they think about cheating, cheating, cheating. So the Bible says, why do you spend money for that which is no bread, &gt;&gt; and you labor for that which satisfies not? Hearken diligently unto me, [Music] and you eat that which is good. and let your soul delight itself in fattiness. He said, "Harken to me." Listen attentively, you know, pay attention. Be obedient, and then you shall eat the fat of your the land, and your soul shall delight itself in fattiness. Incline your ear. Come unto me here and your soul shall live and I will make an everlasting covenant with you. Even the sure mercies of David. Praise the name of our Lord. What an assurance we have to from God. It is an asssurance. You know God telling us come unto me like in Matthew chapter 11 and then verse 28 come unto me. You are heavy laden. I will give you rest. But somebody says me I'm not coming. I'm too busy. Like the invitation which was given to the people. come to the wedding banquet of the king. He said call as many as possible satisfaction. Everything is said I have married the wife. In in other words, he was contented with his religion. Like when you talk to somebody about accepting Jesus Christ as their personal savior, he tells me I'm a Muslim. Me I'm a Catholic. Me I'm a Protestant. &gt;&gt; Then you ask him. When did you become? He said my family even my grandfather then you tell him it was your grandfather's religion. You also need to make a decision as an individual. Because the Bible says the soul of the son is of the Lord. Even the soul of the father every soul has to decide for itself. The soul that sinnth shall die. The religion of your father will not help you. The religion of your mother will not help you. Like the people who come to church because of parents or if you are coming to church because of your parents, it will not help you until you make your personal decision. I said, Lord, I'm accepting you today. Your parents may be drinking from that living fountain. Your parents may be drinking from that living fountain. See, but what about you? Where are you drinking from? Praise the name of the Lord. Your parents take the things of God to be so serious. How about you? Praise the name of our Lord. God doesn't have grandchildren. You also have to make him your father. You have to make him your creator. You have to make him your savior. You as a personal individual and have a personal relationship. So he says come and buy without money without price and you get satisfaction. Praise the name of our Lord. But people don't care about the things of God. But he says, "Come unto me a heavy laden and I'll give you rest." Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message without money without price, he says all things that are lasting, all things that are good, all things that are pleasant, all things that are eternal are free and cost you nothing. At the ending of the writing of the Bible, It said, "Whosoever will let him come and drink from the waters of the fountain of life freely, without money, without price. Why do you spend money for that which satisfies not? And let the real things that do satisfy free go and preserved by yourself. [Music] Praise the name of the Lord. He says without money, without price. Now you look at what is happening now. Praise the name of our Lord. When you have a phone to use it, you need data all the time. Every time maybe 1,000 or 2,000 or whatever, it is just like drunkards. [Music] Even when he's having 500 He will go where they get a small total 500 having 1,000 first branch there and these phones become like alcohol. The phones become like alcohol data data data data. So you spend a whole night just spending on whatever media it is. You you have your Bible there and the whole week you've forgotten about it. They are free but you are troubled because you don't have money for data to use it. It costs to use it free of charge. Why do you spend money on those things which are not? The message books are just there. There are books you have you've never read for 10 years. But you are troubled about data. What is trending? Have you heard this? You want to post something on status. to know that. So you data &gt;&gt; or you go to those things of maybe borrow time but free things are lying idle there and yet they have life. But then we spend time on this funny funny adverts come funny things and then you can say oh what is this then your data is over but then you've got evil spirits in your heart so you put data to get evil spirits you put data to corrupt your morals you put data to get your heart troubled, your mind troubled, and you become sick. Why do you buy things which have no life? But that's what the devil has done. Free things, we despise them. Things which are expensive, we want to be there, struggling to be part of them. Then brother Brandham says, While you are in silence and in prayer, &gt;&gt; is there in this building this morning? Those who have not who have not drinking from that fountain that desires the of the world is still in your life and you would like to change your drinking place this morning. Oh user of your money. You would like to come and buy from God. without money, without price, honey, milk, joys of wine. Would you raise your hand and say, "Remember me, brother." &gt;&gt; Praise the name of our Lord. We are faced with the same challenge. The Bible says where your treasures are that's where your heart is. So you start examining yourself. Where is my heart? When I look at the time the whole day, where do I spend most of my time? Praise the name of our Lord. You do a selfexamination. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in this message the communion he says I'm astounded in this day and I've always been people profess to be Christians and the first little trial comes on they fall by the wayside. It goes to show that it was an intellectual conception of Christ. That's the reason so many doesn't hold out today is because it is an intellectual conception. Intellectually you could believe it. But it goes further than that. To accept Christ is to accept the person of Christ. Many of us accept religion of Christianity upon learning of creeds. Others accept Christianity upon doctrines of baptism. Others believe that they are Christians because of some emotion that they have exercised such as shouting or dancing in the spirit or speaking with tongues or having some marvelous gift to present. All those things are good in their place. But to accept Christ is to accept the person of Christ. [Music] It is then these other things just automatically fall in line. Praise the name of the Lord. So now you look at your interaction with God. How are you relating with God in your life? How do you say you have God in your heart and you think about him only once in a week when I'm coming on Sunday? You know God, I'm going to meet God. How about at your home? Other activities you just don't mind about him. So you had an intellectual conception of God. If you really accepted God, he came into your heart. He doesn't leave you. And that personal relationship will always influence your decision making. will always influence where you spend most of your time. Like now in the previous quote we've been reading, you change your drinking place. You know your drinking all the time maybe is in football. Your drinking all the time maybe is in these funny things of dirt jokes and everything. Or maybe in your profession that's all you think about or maybe in your farmland and all all shop and everything like that and you are taken up by those kind of things. He says change it let it be in Christ. Now that does not mean that you leave your farm. But he's telling you while you are even in your farm, let Christ rule at your place of work. The decisions you make, you you are working in your farm or your shop. The Holy Spirit in you will make you so conscious. the things of God until when it is time for fellowship, you will not care. The next clients come, you say, I'm going to pray and then you shut down whatever you're doing and say I have to remember my great and serve him. Praise the name of our Lord. You put the things of God first. Praise the name of our Lord. your time, you will put the things of God first. The life you live, you'll put the things of God first. When you are going to a shop to buy clothes, you're not going to go by the fashions of the world. Why? Because God is in you. He is a living fountain. And you know, like we go to River Nile here. Have you ever imagined river stopping to flow? You just say you know you know the bridge is dry bridge. Of course in some countries you get those rivers dry like there is a place I went to and then you say signpost river. When you reach there, but where is the river here? The fountain of God doesn't dry up unless you block it. &gt;&gt; You can't put there blocks of stone here. This and then you say divert, divert, you go the other side. But me, I don't need you now. Then on Sunday you try to unblock one block &gt;&gt; and then after Sunday you block. You know the river of God does not become dry. It's you now to decide that let me block it. We put useful lusts here because those things will actually grieve the Holy Spirit and the Holy Spirit is the river of life. So you grieve the Holy Spirit then you blocking it. Praise the name of the Lord. But we need to see that we keep the river flowing. Let us go to John chapter 7. Praise the name of the Lord. &gt;&gt; John chapter 7 and then verse 37. &gt;&gt; In the last day, that great day of the feast, Jesus stood and cried, saying, "If any man thirst, let him come unto me and drink. Verse 38. [Music] He that believeth on me, as the scripture has said, out of his belly shall flow rivers of living water. He says, "He that believeth on." So how do you drink? &gt;&gt; Believe. When you believe when you are obedient then you are drinking and our drinking should be continuous. Come unto me and drink. So when you come to him, accept what he's telling you, take it seriously in your life. Be obedient to what he's telling you and just keep on drinking. Keep on drinking. And then brother Brandham says, when the tree keeps on drinking, then it puts the leaf. When it keeps on drinking, the branch comes out. It keeps on drinking, the flowers come out, keeps on drinking, the fruits come out. That's how we grow in Christ. We should continuously drink from the living fountain. And as you drink, you are satisfied. You know, the more you drink is the more the weaknesses keep on going away. It's just like the the when a flow is happening, you know, it keeps on washing the trashes, push them aside, push them aside. And that's the same thing. When we keep on receiving the Holy Spirit, keep on blocking this funny spirit, the other funny habit, the other funny thing, the other funny thing. And then at the end of the day, you find that your weaknesses are all no more. Why? Because you keep on drinking. You keep on drinking. So as you drink, you receive the power. And as you receive that power, that power transforms you. Praise the name of our Lord. You keep on reading the word of God. You keep on meditating upon the word of God. You keep on believing the word of God. It changes your mind. The way you think. You used to think dirty thoughts until you would want to see where those you know evil spirits attract where they are. So when you have an evil spirit here and another has another evil spirit there even when they are strangers you'll find yourself easily working with those people like people who like the spirits identify themselves somebody newly come to church or maybe to a community But this woman has just come. But how would he get there? But his spirit is communicating saying there's a friend here. Even cheats are the same. [Music] They just get themselves together and then they'll find that they are comfortable and that one is my best friend. But you've just known the person today. How is it your best friend? Because the evil spirits there. But now when you allow the Holy Spirit to come and cut off those evil spirits, he will remove those kind of strange natures. Praise the name of our Lord. So we need to keep drinking. As you keep on drinking, your thoughts are changed. Your decision making is changed. Even how you speak, you will not just speak anything anyhow, your words will be selected. It will be hard for you to say bad dirt words out of your mouth because they not in your mind. You don't think about them. Somebody who is vulgar is dirty. The mouth is dirty. The thoughts are dirty. Their actions are dirty. You know, it's just like a house flies. They go to dirty places and house flies are like evil spirits. They go where dirty things and rotten things are. So that one with a dirt mind, evil spirits just possess him there. you get close to them. How when you get close to dirt places, you smell dirt things. But why would you want to smell dirt things? That's the same thing with being a with a dirty person. His dirt is talk and if you're not care, you'll start eating his jokes. the demons have got into you but you know you just need to see that you avoid those kind of wicked things. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us move on to another scripture here. Let us go to the book of Psalms chapter 36 from verse 5 to verse 10. The Bible says, "Thy merc, O Lord, is in the heavens, and thy faithfulness reaches unto the clouds. [Music] Thy righteousness is like the great mountains. Thy judgments are a great deep, oh Lord, though preservest man and beast. [Music] how excellent is thy loving kindness, oh God. Therefore, the children of men put their trust under the shadow of thy wings. [Music] They shall be abundantly satisfied with the fatness of thy house, and thou shalt make them drink of the river of thy pleasures. [Music] For with thee is the fountain of life. In thy light shall we see light. Oh, continue thy loving kindness unto them that know thee, and thy righteousness to the upright in heart. Praise the name of our Lord. So the scripture is telling us that God will abundantly satisfy us. Praise the name of the Lord. So you come to the fountain. The other the woman was asking Jesus Christ, give me of this water. Give me of this living water. And then God is telling us is the fountain of life. So you just come to him. The fountain has already been open. Why don't you drink? Why don't you have a permanent connection? And then you see that you keep on drinking. Fill my heart, Lord. Fill me more and more. You know, you are not limiting him. You're not drinking a little, but you are taking in abundantly. You're receiving more of God in your life. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message life, he says, "Take that blessed Holy Spirit that God placed a thirst in your soul to call for and you satisfy it. with a nightclub somewhere. &gt;&gt; So God put that thirst for the Holy Spirit. [Music] But then you take an alternative of a nightclub. No wonder you got a headache the next morning. Then you take a case of beer, go to your house and sit down and drink it trying to satisfy godly thirst that God put in your soul to thirst after him and you take the devil's slope and try to satisfy that thirst. How can you receive anything but eternal separation from the presence of almighty God when he put that thirst after him? Praise the name of the Lord. And David surrendered himself and said, "My soul is thirsting like I was in a dry land where there is no water. I search for thee, oh God. There you are." David said, "I send thee in thy sanctuary, and my soul thirsts for that power where there you are." That's the difference. That what's that's what makes things different is the thirst that God give you. If you satisfy it with the water, come unto me all you that thirsty. Come and drink from the fountain of life freely without money, without there is a fountain open in the house of the city of David. There is a fountain that you are thirsting for. Don't try to pervert it by saying, "I'll satisfy it by drinking. Or I'll satisfied by having date with girls. I'll sleep out on my husband. I'll go out a little on my wife. You are only heaping judgment. You say, "I'm not satisfied. No wonder it is God dealing with you. God trying to bring you something and you take the devil's suggestion and go off with it. And that's the way sorrow comes. That's how death comes. And that life is not life. It is death. For the wages of sin is death, but the gift of God is eternal life that will receive it. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us come to God for true satisfaction. Praise the name of our Lord. The fountain of living water, let it be opened in your soul. Let it be continuously flowing. And now when God is in your soul, he will make you go to places that please him. He will make you read his word. He will make you hear his word. He will make you think about his word. He will make you obey his word. He will make you desire more of him when Christ comes inside of you. The Bible says Simeon was waiting for the consolation of Israel. In other words, he was reading the word of God. When Daniel was in Babylon from the age of around 12 and then now he was about 68 years and then he was always reading the prophets of Jeremiah. Now when he knew that the time is at hand for their captivity to get over, he read in the book of Jeremiah. And he went with the word before the Lord. Lord, our time is up. Lord, forgive us. We want to be restored back to Jerusalem. That God that is in you will always draw you to know more about him. always take you to read his word. Praise the name of our Lord. Draw you to places that he's pleased with. When the Holy Spirit was on Simeon reading the word, talking about the promises of God, the Holy Spirit revealed to Simeon that you are not going to die until you see the Lord is Christ. And that's the same thing. also in our lives. If you have the spirit of God, the spirit of God in you will always take you back to the word of God. Praise the name of our Lord. In other words, you are drinking from the fountain. It's a living reality. It's not something you're just imagining. God speaks to you. God manifests himself to you. God hears your prayers. God shows himself to you. That's what the Bible says. He that loveth me and he keepeth my word, I will manifest myself to him. He reveals himself to you. And then the Bible says when he the spirit of truth is come, he will show you these things. He will show you things that are to come. The spirit was in Simeon. He showed Simeon what's going to come. Praise the name of our Lord. The spirit was on Daniel. He showed Daniel what's going to come. The spirit of God when he's in us, he will reveal to us the word of God. He will remind you the word of God. So the spirit of God in you will not make you so much think about the weekend program. I know. At at this club there is this cinema hall there is this in this town there is this rally at this time there is man you this and this and the things of God have no room there like when Jesus was going to be born the Bible says there was no room in the in how about in your in is there room for Christ? Praise the name of our Lord. If he's there, he'll create enough room for himself. But if he's not there, there will always be no room. But you have room for this, room for the other, for the other. All the other programs, you are able to do them. But the things of God are forgotten. you know I had money but even I don't have to go to church I'll tell them I don't have I didn't have transport &gt;&gt; but the phone has data time is there but no transport to go to church there's no room in the in there in your heart is not recognized God is not recognized in your heart. He's not the boss. He's not the Lord of your life. But you need to accept him as your Lord and as your savior. That's how the fountain will keep on flowing. Praise the name of our Lord. We can finish. Let us go to Isaiah chapter 26. Isaiah chapter 26. And then we start reading from verse two. The scripture says, "Open ye the gates that the righteous nation which keepeth the truth may enter in." Though we will keep him in perfect peace, whose mind is stayed on thee, because he trusteth in thee. Trust ye in the Lord forever, for in the Lord Jehovah is everlasting strength. praise the name of the Lord. Trust in the Lord. In other words, have faith in God. Have faith in the word of God. Keep on believing. Let that fountain keep on flowing. And then the Bible says, it will keep you in perfect peace in the midst of the challenges you may be going through in life. Your anchor holds. Praise the name of God. You are not scared. Like Psalms 46 says, whether the earth below you is taken away, you are standing firm. The Lord is a very present help. The Lord is my refuge. is a continuous fountain flowing. Praise the name of our Lord. In your good days, keep God with you. Let that fountain flow. Don't only think about God when you're in troubles. I'm distressed. I don't know what to do. There are troubles here, issues here. You need to see that you keep God with you all the time. Bless the name of our Lord. Make God your friend, your personal friend that Lord, I cannot live without you. Just keep on drinking on that fountain every day. Like in the Old Testament, they had the morning oblation, the morning sacrifice. Praise the name of our Lord. Daytime they were doing sacrifices. Evening they were doing sacrifices that should be our life continuously given into the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. Just having that personal relationship with God like I remember about Boaz the Lord of the harvest. When he went into his harvest he was all the time exalting the name of the Lord. even in his field. Praise the name of our Lord. He's talking about the blessings of God. He's talking about the goodness of the Lord. That should do the same thing even us at our places of work. We are glorifying and lifting his name high. Where you study from, you are glorifying and lifting the name of the Lord high. At your home, praise the name of our Lord. You are lifting his name on high because you are drinking from that living fountain. It never dries up. And when it flows in you, Jesus was telling this woman, out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water. So you also start giving out. Stream start coming out of you. When you are talking to somebody, they are troubled. Your words will encourage them. There is a stream flowing out. When you get people who are really in kind of terrible situation, you can speak peace to them. It's a river that is flowing out. Praise the name of the Lord. When you get people complaining all the time, you speak peace, you know, you give what you have. The streams flow out. The fruit of the spirit comes out and people can taste of that fruit and say, "Surely this river is very sweet. Not bitter waters, but sweet waters." It all comes when we are having that fountain within us. Praise the name of our Lord. And that's how we shall be able to turn many people to Christ at our places of work, where we study, where we live, when they see your good works. We glorify the father who is in heaven. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us keep our fountains flowing. [Music] Praise the name of our Lord. May God bless you. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let us stand up and sing that song. There is a fountain. Praise the name of our Lord. And if you've never gone to that fountain. You need to come to that fountain now. Praise the name of our Lord that your sins are washed away. [Music] &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. There is a foul tin filled with blood drawn from Immanuel's ve and See us blind bing lo the guilt stay lo the guilty stay Oh that guilt taste. Hallelu and see us as blind in the flood. Those all the guilt still the dying thing [Music] that faint his Hey, and there's se my sins are way. Oh, sure. my sins are away. Wo! Show my sins away. And there may I won't show my se [Music] for [Applause] lamb thy My precious blood shall never never lose his smile. Heal all the round. So child of God be save to sing. No more hallelu to sing. Oh, be safe to see no more. Oh child of God is to see no more in my se by faith I So the stream we sing love my heart I shall I Godl. Hallelu sh I die [Applause] my God. Hallelujah. Love my name. I shall be my God. in he blow I will sing thy power to sing hallelu with me glory star bringing down life silent. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh th [Applause] [Music] sound and th [Music] for I live It's time. [Music] Each of us can pray to the Lord. Father, how we thank you Lord for your love, grace, and mercy. We thank you father for the living fountain Lord that has been opened heavenly father in the city of David in Mount Zion Lord that flows heavenly father to wash us heavenly father from all our uncleanness Lord to wash us Lord from all evil things. How we are thankful father. How we give praise to you Lord that Lord Jesus you are the same yesterday, today and forever. Lord we thank you heavenly father for your goodness upon us. We thank you father for your kindness Lord. Wash us father from all evil Lord from all evil desires Lord from all wicked ways Lord God. from all our failures, oh God, from all our sins, Lord. From all our angels, Lord, from all our trespasses, Lord, and make us clean in the name of Jesus Christ. For the power in the blood of Jesus can never lose its power, Lord. The blood of Jesus can never lose its power. I would say until the last elect is redeemed to sin no more. And we are here, heavenly father. Oh God, for our full redemption, to be delivered, Lord, to be set free, heavenly father, oh God, to make us clean, to make us whole, Father, to deliver us from all bondage, to deliver us from all evil, Lord, to renew our strength, to renew our faith, oh God. We look on your heavenly father. We depend upon your heavenly father and we call upon your holy name. Come down. Wash us Lord. Change us heavenly father. Deliver us heavenly father from all powers of darkness. From all the evil desires of Satan, from all things that are like you, Lord. That father you may help every one of us in the name of Jesus Christ to have such a true personal relationship with you. that in each of us, our hearts, Lord, our souls, Lord, there may be a fountain of life that keeps on flowing inside, Lord, bringing that life, oh God, bringing that life of Christ, bringing the reality of God of the resurrected Jesus Christ, not an imagination, not an intellectual conception, not what we've heard others tell us, but a reality living in our lives that surely we have met the Lord. transform our lives, heavenly father. Change us, heavenly father. Fin us with your power, oh God, from on high. Oh God, we need you, heavenly father, and we call upon your name, oh God. I pray in the name of Jesus may fill each and every one of us with that fountain of living water with that fountain, the stream of life, the Holy Spirit himself coming down in our souls to rule over us, to govern us, oh God, to direct us, oh God, to manifest yourself to us, oh God, and show us the path that we have to take. How we need your heavenly father, Lord. How we glorify your holy name. How we magnify your holy name. You are worthy, Lord Jesus, of all praise. You are worthy, Lord Jesus, of all worship. We honor thee, Father. We adore you, Lord Jesus Christ. Wash us, heavenly father. Change us, heavenly father. Cleanse us, heavenly father, from all unrighteousness. From all evil, Lord, from everything that's unlike you, we may be completely be delivered. We may be completely be set free by the power of God. Oh God, how we love you Lord Jesus Christ. How we glorify your holy name. You are worthy Lord. Blessed be thy holy name. Continue working in our lives father to bring us into the image of Jesus Christ that no more ourselves that live but Christ being the reality in our lives. Christ being our lives and how you say that our lives are hidden Christ. We need you heavenly father. We worship your heavenly father. We glorify your holy name. We magnify your holy name. We adore you, Lord Jesus. You've been so gracious to us, Lord. You've been so kind to us, Lord. We need your heavenly father. Blessed be thy holy name, Lord, forever. How great you are, Lord Jesus. How wonderful you are, Lord. How we adore you, Lord. We lift all our needs at you, Father. We lift all our burdens at you, Father. And we need your grace upon our lives. Deliver us from all wrong. Deliver us from all evil. Oh God, we need you heavenly father. We glorify you Lord and magnify you Lord. You worthy oh God of all praise. You worthy oh God of all worship. Hallowed be thy holy name Lord. Thy kingdom come Lord Jesus. Thy will be done as done in heaven. Lord continually reveal yourself to us Lord. We try and manifest yourself to us Lord and show us the path that we have to take for we need the heavenly father. We magnify your holy name forever more. We adore the heavenly father. Thank you Jesus for your love. Thank you Jesus for your kindness. Thank you Jesus for your goodness. We worship you Lord and adore you Lord. We lift all our brothers and sisters into your hands who are in a way father distressed or sick. We pray may touch them and heal them in the name of Jesus Christ. We even pray for our pastor and the brethren that are ministering in the covered father those meetings Lord we lift them into your hands we pray that your grace may be with them in all those services Lord keeping them safe and secure father and using them for your glory and even revealing yourself and manifest yourself the children of God who in all those services Lord praying that you may provide for all their needs Lord praying that you may speak to them Lord praying that you may transform their lives and bless all their families father also remembering the meetings father in Kala Lord Jesus Christ in Father lifting them all into your heart that your grace may be upon all those services that Father your divine will may be done to speak to your children and to anoint all the ministers going to minister that your purpose and will may be done in all these services Lord and all other services ahead of us commit them into your hands even the missionary outship programs tomorrow Lord lift them all into your hands may your purpose and will be done heavenly father to speak to your children and whoever the elect is heavenly father that may all be forth the veged forth and Lord everyone to be ready for the rapture that's at hand. how we love you, heavenly father. Help us to labor in your vineard Lord being faithful Lord and true to the call and burdens that you put upon our hearts. Guide us heavenly father. Direct us heavenly father. We look and depend upon you Lord. Even Lord as we prepare to leave this place. Having come the end of the service we pray may go with every one of us Lord and again bring us again for the subset of the Lord on Sunday speaking to us and blessing us. Help us in all the preparations we make that all the glory and all the honor may be back unto you. We love you heavenly father. We worship you heavenly father. We glorify your holy name. We magnify your holy name because you are great and you are whole and you are worthy. Thank you for this day. Thank you for this service. Be magnified and glorified forever more. In the name of the Lord Jesus who grant us grace. Amen. God bless you so much. We've come to the end of this service. I'm happy to see our sister Rose. If you can stand up or I hope brother Wilfred is back from hospital. We thank God for that. How many of you know sister Brien Brien if you know her she's a daughter of the pastor of leader church she was admitted at Al Shafer hospital yesterday so if you can find time to go and check on her it will be good she has been there I think the whole day and God willing we also want to go and check on her so just keep everyone in prayers praise the name of our lord keep on remembering the services in cover pastor rich safely with brother George Franklin and brother Elijah and brother Emanuel. They are there the whole week. They'll be coming back on Monday. So just keep them in your prayers that the Lord may watch over them. Praise the name of our Lord. And then there are two conventions that are starting in Campala tomorrow. There is one at Chante being organized by Speckled Bad. It will run I think up to Sunday. Then there is another one in Chikai which is being organized by I think brother Chakon's church. So they are both there and we just pray that the Lord gives grace to those meetings those will be able to go there. Praise the name of our Lord. So on Sunday we have two services and the Lord's supper. May God bless you so much. Let us sing the song as we go out. We are looking for his coming in the clouds of heaven. Amen. Psalm 125. We are looking for his coming in the clouds of heaven. Coming back to earth to catch away his all. Then may we all be ready when the midnight cry gave to go and reign with Christ on his throne. Gladly may we are out the mercy of his blessed appearing soon is coming in glory tell to one and all awake ye saints of the Lord why slumber the end is nearing but get ready Oh, the final call. [Music] We are longing for the glorying that awaits the faithful who shall overcome. Every conflict we praise ever one the prize is life eternal to all who win the fight of mercy. Oh gladly may we are the mercy of his blessed appearing soon coming in glory tell to one and all then awake saints of the Lord why slumber winger in his But get ready for the final call. We are praying for the advent of our blessed savior who has promised life to all who trust his grace. His coming now is pending. Our mercy may be given and soon we'll see our Lord face to face. Gladly may we are out the mercy of his blessed appearing. [Music] Soon is coming in glory. Tell to one and all. Then awake ye saints of the Lord why slumber when the end is nearing. But getting ready for the final call [Music] with signs appearing with sky of his blessed coming. Lord, behold the fles now becoming green. The gospel of his kingom has gone to every nation. Preend [Music] can be seen. Glad remain we are of the mless [Music] [Music] [Music] [Music]
