################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-01-06 - The Depth Of God     Pastor Katumba James    01.06.2025 - Katumba James.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-01-06
Title:   The Depth Of God  |   Pastor Katumba James |   01.06.2025
Speaker: Katumba James
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lJXNKJHBxYQ
========================================

All the way was there by I receive my side and now I am happy at the crosses. At the cross where I first saw the light and the burden of my heart rolled away. The binding of my heart it rolled away. Oh his was there by faith I receive my sight and now I am happy. Alas my savior ble. Alas and my savior ble and my soul. He died to wash away my sin. Oh good he devote our great hand. Oh [Music] son at the cross is at the cross at the cross where I found the body. Oh the body of my heart. Oh it see was my faith. I receive my sight and now I am happy. Oh, was it for crimes? Was it for crimes? Yes, I had committed many crimes. He grown up on that. Such amazing beauty. Oh may grace and grace and who is un [Music] love at the cross is at the cross and I saw the light there he rode and took all my bodies away on the cross when he Hallelujah. By faith, I receive my sight. I receive my salvation. And now I am happy all the day. Well, might the sun. will mind the sun in darkness. I shall glory. When Christ the mighty maker, when Christ the mighty man at the cross is a cross and a cross is where I find so and the burning of my heart roll away his holy name. I receive my son. I receive my son. And now I am happy. The last verse now. But drops of grief, but drops of they can never replace the day of love. I need of love by you. The best thing is to say here alone. He alone I give myself. I become a living sacrifice is all that I can do. And the cross is the cross. At the cross where I fast the b of my heart all the way. It was there. It was there by faith. I receive my sight and now I am happy all the day. Oh Jesus took my bings and ro them in the sea. Oh he in the sea. Oh I thankful this afternoon I have the peace now. I have the peace. Oh that he has all my cares and burdens. All my cares and bings he roll them. All of my troules Jesus take all the troules to Calvary. He roll them in the sea. Oh, he ro them in the sea. Yes, he ro them. I have the peace he has given me. Now I have the peace. All that he has given me. All my burdens, all my cares and bings. He rode them in the seal. My sickness. Jesus. He paid it upon the sea. Oh, he roen in the sea. Who is he rolling in the sea? I have the peace now. I have the peace. Yes. He has given me all my cares. All my cares and let's write in Uganda now. [Applause] Oh, one more time. You are you [Music] [Music] are Amen. We give him a hand of praise this afternoon. He's worthy. He's [Music] worthy. He took all our burdens and he rolled them in the sea and he put there a mark. No more fishing here. Amen. So all the old things are passed and we are walking forward in the journey of faith. Amen. I just feel inspired to sing and say, "I shall not be moved. I shall not be moved." Just like a tree that is planted by the water [Music] side. And why? Because Jesus is my savior. Amen. Amen. Jesus is my savior. I shall not be moved in his love and favor. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the Waters, I shall not give. Oh, I shall not die. I shall not be I shall not be moved. Oh, I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the W. I shall not. Oh, in my Christ abiding I shall not. In his love I am hiding. Oh, in his love I'm hiding. I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by Are you planted by the rivers of water? The next verse. Oh, if I trust him never, I shall not fail. He will fail me. Never he will fail me. Never I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the water. Oh, I shall not see on is what I'm feeding. I shall God's people. Oh, he's the one that's leading. I shall go. Just like a tree that's planted by the water. Oh, I shall not. Oh, glory. Hallelujah. I'm anchored in Jehovah. Oh [Applause] anchov, I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by the waters I shall not see. In his love abiding, I shall. And in him I'm confiding. Oh, and in him confiding. Just like a tree. Just like a tree that's planted by the [Music] wise. So all hail save me. Oh hail save me. I shall not Jesus will not fail me. Oh Jesus will not fail me. I shall not I'm just like a tree. I'm being watered by the washing waters of the word. Oh, I shall not I shall not see. Although the temp is strange. I shall not. I'm standing on the rock of ages. On the rock of aes. I shall not. Oh, just like a tree that's planted by the W. Oh, I shall not be Oh, yes. I shall not I shall not be moved. Oh, I shall not be I shall not be moved. Just like a tree that's planted by a waters, I shall not be moved. Amen. I shall not be moved. Your confession. Amen. We want to be standing by the water side that we can be watered. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. Your time is fast spent. The pastor is here. I request we all get on our feet, sing and say, "My faith looks up to thee." As we welcome the pastor [Music] this faith looks up to as we all stand the lamb of [Music] Savior diva. Oh now hear me while I pray. Oh, take all my sin. Oh, let me from this day. Oh, let me from the sin [Music] behind us. May thy rich grace in part. Oh may thy reach grace in my strength. Oh strength to my faith. My zeal inspired. Lord, my zeal is as thou has died for me. As thou has died for me. Oh, may my love. Oh may my love may it be p you are warm and un and changeless pure and changeless be [Applause] [Music] Why life stuck me as I train. Oh, what life are. Oh, why grace I mere be thou my guide, Lord. Be thou my God. Be darkness done today. Be darkness. Wipe sorrows tears away. Oh Lord, just watch sorrow tears. No, let me ever stray from thee aside. Oh Lord, let [Music] me straight from him. [Music] Amen. Let us pray. Father, how we thank you Lord Jesus Christ. Our faith looks up to you Lord. Now the Bible tells us that without faith it is impossible to please God. You even told us in your word that they that come unto the Lord must believe that God is and is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him. We pray that father as we hear your word tonight mix it with faith bring such results which it is intended to do. bless us all together heavenly father and speak to us again in the name of the lord Jesus grant us this amen you may be seated I don't know if you have a song let us hear a song I' requested sister faith to sing this afternoon God bless you. There are many people who will say they're Christians and they live like Christians on the Sabbath day. But come Monday morning till the coming Sunday, they will fight their neighbor all along the way. If you don't love God, if you don't love your neighbor, if you gossip about him, if you never have mercy, if he gets into trouble and you don't try to help him, then you don't love your neighbor and you don't love God. In the Holy Bible, in the book of Matthew, read the 18th chapter in the 21st verse. Jesus plainly tells us that we must have mercy. There's a special warning in the thy fever. Oh, you don't love God. If you don't love your neighbor, if you go sleep about him, if you never have mercy, if he gets into trouble, and you don't try to help him, then you don't love your neighbor and you don't love God. Praise the God Almighty and you go to love him. If you want salation and hope on high. [Music] If you say you love him while you hate your brother, then you don't have religion. You just told the lie. If you don't love God, if you don't love your neighbor, if you gossip about him, if you never have mercy, if he gets in to trouble and you don't try to help him, then you don't love your neighbor and you don't love God. You don't love your neighbor and you don't love God. Amen. Amen. Amen. Praise the name of our Lord. If you don't love your neighbor, then you don't love God. You see, that's what the Bible says. How do you say that you love God? whom you don't see and you don't love the person whom you see. And then also the Bible says that true religion is to visit the sick, to help those who are in need. Praise the name of our God. It should be action based. Praise the name of our God. We thank God for that. Amen. Amen. So let us stand up to our Bibles. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us pray again. Father, we now appreciate you again and we pray that the Holy Spirit may come and speak to us and place the word in our hearts and make that word alive in our lives that all together we may live the life of Jesus Christ. Bless us as we read your word and as we hear it and you transform our lives depending upon you in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Amen. We go to Ephesians 3. I will take just maybe one hour. Ephesians chapter 3 and verse 16. The Bible says that he would grant you according to the riches of his glory to be strengthened with might by his spirit in the inner man. that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith, that ye being rooted and grounded in love. may be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth and length and depth and height. and to know the love of Christ which passes knowledge that you may be filled with all fullness of God. May God sing of his word. You may be seated. We want to share on the depth of God. Praise the name of our Lord. The depth of God. And so the scriptures here we have read are talking about the depth of God. So he says that he would grant you according the riches of his glory to be strengthened with might by his spirit in the inner man. So then the Holy Spirit has to be in the inner man. Praise the name of the Holy Spirit dwelling within us. Praise the name of Lord. And so we are talking about the Holy Spirit. We are not talking about something that is far away from us. Praise the name of our Lord. Like you know some people when they talk about the Holy Spirit. They think the Holy Ghost is the other side. I'm this side. So now I have to move to where the Holy Ghost is. Actually, what happens? It's the Holy Ghost that comes to you. Praise the name of our Lord. And how does the Holy Spirit come to you? The Holy Ghost comes to you. Through the minister, because the Bible says, you know, the spirit says, and he says through the minister, through the person who testifies to you, it's the Holy Ghost speaking to you. As you obey the word, then the Holy Ghost starts working upon your life. You confess your sins, you repent. You know, you accept the Lord Jesus as your personal savior. As we had this brother here, completely rejected. Nobody wants to be close to him. Nobody wants to be near him. But then the Lord picks him in that kind of condition. He convicts his heart. Now when he's convicted, he says, "Lord, accept you as my person." He goes into the water baptism. Praise the name of our Lord. And then he is justified. And the more he comes into the presence of God, hears the word of God, he is washed. Praise the name of our Lord. He gets separated from the things that have been holding him. Maybe bad places he has been going to, he stops going there. Bad people he has been associating with, he stops them. Maybe bad thoughts he has been looking at, he puts them aside. bad programs he has been listening to on radio on television on on phones. He puts it aside. He is being sanctified. In other words, he's being separated from all those things which are not right. This is the work of the Holy Spirit. It is the Holy Spirit that justifies us. You can't justify yourself. It is the Holy Spirit that sanctifies us. You can't sanctify you. And when the Holy Ghost sanctifies you and knows your condition, then he comes himself and makes his permanent abboard right inside of you. The same Holy Spirit who brought conviction, who made you confess, who made you confent, who made you keep on coming to church, who made you love the word of God, who made you be obedient to the word of God, still working upon you. So you're not seeing the Holy Ghost is far, but he's right where you are, working upon your life. Praise the name of our lord. I remember there's a place I was in last year. I think it was and then I was like saying you know you're not saying that you are the holy ghost is in ginger we don't have the holy ghost. Then the question is how did you get saved? Did you save yourself? But you see that's the mind which people can get. and then thinking it's until I go to that church or until I hear that preacher. The Bible says don't say that. Praise the name of God has brought all that we have need of to us. Now your obedience to the Holy Spirit, it gets you into the depth of God. And you know the more you are obeying, the more you get obedient, the more the spirit speaks to you. And now when the spirit keeps on speaking to you, praise the name of then you are strengthened. Praise the name of Lord. So he says the spirit in the inner man and then in verse 17 that Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith. Praise the name of our Lord. Christ dwelling in our heart by faith in living that is within me not doubting oh I don't know whether I have him or I don't have him. So now when he is inside and Christ here we are talking of the spirit and the word. Praise the name of God that is Christ the anointed word of God dwelling in us inside our heart and then he says being rooted and then grounded in love. So when Christ is inside of you, he will create a desire for more of God inside of you, you will find that you need to hear more of God. Then the more of God you hear, the more of God you are obedient to. And so it becomes easy for you to fulfill the word of God in your life. Praise the name of our Lord. It becomes, you know, automatic. Praise the name of our Lord because it is part of you. And so when the devil tries to do some deception somewhere, then the word inside of you arises, this is not the thing of God. Or if you make a mistake, the word inside of you will convict you. You have thought wrong, you have spoken wrong, you have done wrong. Why? because he's inside. Christ is inside. He's a living reality. So he leads you from within. He leads you from inside of you inside of you. So now the more you yield to him, the more you hear the word, the more you hear the word, the more you read the word, the more you are obedient to the word, then you are getting further into the depth of God. You are being rooted and grounded. And then the Bible says that you may be able to comprehend you know with all the saints what is the breadest, what is the length, what is the depth and what is the height and not the love of Christ which passes knowledge. You know it you can't comprehend it. You can't explain it but it is a life that is inside of you that you might be filled with all the fullness of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Christ himself living inside of you doing his own work. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message that church age he says they have not known the depth of Satan. It seems that this verse has been left out by the commentators for they were not able to figure it out. What doctrine or what experiences are meant by this phrase? Actually it is simple to know what it meant. Let us first know what the depth of God is and the opposite will be true for the depth of Satan. So he takes to the scripture we've been reading Ephesians chapter 3 verse 16 to verse 19. Then he says, "Now according to these verses, when a man experiences the depth of God in his life, it is an actual personal experience of the spirit of God in dwelling in him and in his mind is illuminated by wisdom and knowledge through the word. Praise the name of the Lord. He says the depth of God is actually a personal experience of the spirit of God dwelling in you and then your mind is illuminated by the wisdom and knowledge of God. through the word of God. Now when I'm talking about the personal experience, you know, some people want to put experience to how I feel emotional, run around. That's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about the reality of the life of Jesus Christ living in you. And that reality of Christ living in you does not leave you. It is something you are certain in your life. Sure, the Lord is in my life. Not how I can explain it. You know the other year I had an experience. I'm talking about something that is real even now in your life. Not something you can tell me back. Something which is there, an experience. You have an actual experience of the spirit of God and it dwelling in you not dwelt in you. No, we are talking about something now. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, people want to look for how I felt even me. I have the Holy Ghost because I got it the other time. And then you ask him, "How about now?" But I have the Holy Ghost. Where is the life of the Holy Ghost? They don't have the life. But they can point to those things of emotions or sensations. But now you you bring their seed, their fruit, nothing is there. They can hate. Is that the Holy Ghost? They can do anything wrong. Where is the spirit? You know the spirit of God is a river of life. Like we have N here. Have you ever gone wonder and found N is not flowing? That's not the spirit of God. It keeps flowing. Now there are places when it is dry. You know there are some places there's a place I went to and then you see ahead they call the name this river river sand. So now when you reach the place there's no water but there's no water here. That's a river. That's not the Holy Spirit. That's not the Holy Spirit. Why doesn't yours keep flowing? You can afford to hate. You can afford to despise. You can do anything bad. But then you are basing on the other thing. I got it the other time. Why isn't it flowing? Why isn't it flowing? Because it's a river. It keeps flowing. There is a brother who told me some years ago, my wife has got the Holy Ghost. She got the Holy Ghost the other service. That is good. Thank God. And now she told the husband. I don't need to go to church because I got the Holy Ghost. Contrary. And some people want to get that for me going to heaven. It is finished. That's not it. It's a life. It keeps flowing. Praise the name of the Lord. And that's in other words, every other day you have a testimony of what the Lord is doing in your life. Praise the name of our oneoff event. I'm sure the Lord is in my life. I'm sure I have the Holy Spirit. The life he gives me. The grace he gives me to overcome the temptations. The grace he gives me to overcome with situations that come along my way. It's not that you and then you buried. [Music] How you tell somebody I gave birth and then you can't show the birth you gave. When did you give birth 10 years? Where is what you gave birth? It's not there. That's not what we talking about. We're talking about a life. Something that is continuous in you, not a one off. We had that sister. Everybody knew that sister has the Holy Spirit and the sister's backs and she does she hates. Now we don't know what's happening. That's not the experience we're talking about. We are talking about a current life. I received the Holy Ghost 10 years ago and even now I have a testimony that the Holy Ghost lives me. That's what we are talking about. Not what I I I can show 10 years ago even now to tell you my every day I walk a blood of the spirit. Praise the name of God. Those are the things. So he's saying the depth of God. So you don't get into the depth and then you say I'm out of it now. It is a continuous experience. It's a continuous communication. Let us speak it from here now. 1 Corinthians chapter or let us first go to Romans chapter 8. Then we can come back to 1 Corinthians chapter 2. So the Bible says in Romans chapter 8 and then verse 14, for you have not received the spirit of bondage again to fear, but you have received a spirit of adoption whereby you cry aba father. That's 15. So he says the spirit of adoption and to be adopted mean there is a growth you pass through. There is a change which comes in your life. It's a growth. Praise the name of Lord. You take authority of God. But then how will you get into full adoption? Praise the name of Lord. So how you can get into full adoption. Verse 14 has to be fulfilled. For as many as are led by the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. The Bible says, "As many as are led, he doesn't lead you only one day. He doesn't lead you only one year, but all your lifetime, the Holy Ghost leads you. Praise the name of He puts in your mind to come to church. He puts in your mind when somebody is bringing a program. When somebody is bringing any program or activity on Sunday, I have to be in church. The Holy Ghost is taking charge. When you go home, you know, he puts it in your mind, do this, do this. When you go to bed, you are thinking about God. When you wake up, he's putting it in you. I need to commit the day to the Lord. I'm going to meet so and so. I'm going to do this and this. I'm going to do this and this. He guides you in every one of those things. Maybe during lunch time, I don't like that place. I went there and there was a lot of secular music. I don't like that. You stop going there. Somebody comes to you, they all the time backbiting, abusing, you avoid their company. The Holy Spirit, leading you, making you avoid those funny places. Maybe your colleagues are going to the club, you know, in the evening or come to golf course. You're a big person in the in the organization. We have a corporate night. Ah, you need to be there. Is going to be there. Business opportunity, good networking. What? What? But they are talking evil all the time. They vulgar language all the time. The Holy Spirit in you will not sit and feed those things. You say no. Okay, we shall meet in my office. It's the Holy Spirit every day is leading you not only on Sunday. No, it is something that is continuous in your life is led by the Holy Spirit. And as the Holy Spirit leads you, he's tutoring you. He's teaching you, he's instructing you, you know, you walk, turn left, and you turn left. Turn right. You turn right. Stop here. Stop. Walk. You walk. Don't speak anything. You keep quiet now. Speak. You speak. Leadership of the Holy Spirit. Like a post saying I'm a prison of Christ. Praise the name of when there was some woman with evil spirits and then she was moving in that city telling the people. This is Paul the servant of God who preaches Jesus Christ bringing good news. He stayed it for a long time and Paul was the Holy Spirit was holding him but now the Holy Ghost told him rebuke that spirit then he cast out a demon from her being led by the spirit of God. That's how the Holy Spirit lives. So you don't say I got the baptism of the Holy Spirit. No, it's a life and it is continuous. So the Bible says as many as a led of the spirit of God, they are the sons of God. So when the Holy Ghost leads us brings us into adoption, the Bible says we have not got a spirit of bondage, but we have received a spirit of adoption. We cry aba, father, So the spirit in you will always make you long for God. Lord, I desire more of you. I desire more of you. When you make a mistake, Lord, forgive me. Lord, help me in this weakness. Lord, guide me in this kind of the Holy Spirit making you to cry. Father, Lord, I need your help. Lord, I feel I'm not able to go through, but Lord, give me ability to get the Holy Spirit in you. Praise the name of our Lord. It's an experience you have continuously in your life, a life that is lived in you. Then the Bible says in verse 16, the spirit itself bears witness with our spirit. Now that the Holy Spirit has witness with our human spirit that we are the children of God. How does that come? Because your human spirit before the Holy Spirit came was subject to the things of the world. Was subject to the spirit of the devil. was influenced by the things of this world. Like for sisters, when you have the spirit of the world, the spirit of the world will take over you until every fashion and [Music] style. The way they mold things all the time your heart is taken. How you want you want to make your body tight every part to be shown and you know designs keep on coming. Yesterday I was attending an introduction then I got shocked quite middleaged person came I have a song they put the song then she started you know in her dress what Now when she was going back I got shocked the whole back was open said fashion. Then others they get a cross which just runs from here like this. This one is bare. Then others they get a cloth. It's like this. There is an ovel here on the on the on the shoulders here like this. What's happening? Then others they get a close on the side is bare just only tying some kind of knot styles of the world. They are bound by that spirit. But when they are born again, the spirit of the world will not have control over them. Praise the name of our because those things are detestful. You hate it. Then others, you know those days people had gray used to put is it can or something black in their hair? I remember when I started seeing the white hair in my head. I don't know how many years ago, maybe 15 or 10. So I would go in the mirror and pull it out. But now there are many I can. And then some people when they see it's a lot of hair shall But I don't want But now people make their hair white deliberately, put on white hair, hair, green hair, fashions of the world. You know, it's a spirit that controls them. Some spirit inside of you is leading you like we have this afternoon service. Somebody who loves football said again. Why this afternoon service when my team is playing or can pretend to be around and the good thing now you can use your smartphone to know what's happening you you pretend as if you on a scripture then you flip the other side of the world just takes a hold of you just controls you to lead you to something. But the Bible says if you are led of the spirit of God then your human spirit will say pleasures of this life I have renounced them. Praise the name of I've renounced this life. I've renounced all those filthy places. I've renounced those corporate nights. I've renounced those social social places. I've renounced those joints joints. You know those people, they each other's saliva. So telephone and they just there's a place I I think I was on road and I had stopped in a place called I think I because I was going back to I finished preaching in and where I stopped on the died there was a home and people were gathered they just drinking and then one called me you are welcome I told him you need to get saved but for them they are bound they enjoy their stuff there's a time we had I think it was a youth three treatier on the banks of river N was last year. It was a Saturday and I tell you what came they either came with their motorcycles, short dresses and going all over making beer everything they are bound. Then there's another one who came then he said you know me I work on this radio this and this challenge about salvation said but now the things I do this and this still bound they find that their life is missing if they don't do those evil things but now when the Holy Spirit comes and takes over that place. You will hate those things. You'll detest those things. You'll even forget about them. Praise the name of our Lord. You even don't know the the song which like if people like secular music, they know which song is most trending. This one they hit it has this number of hits. But you know this song even in Kenya it's number one in Tanzania it's ah like yesterday I was an introduction and now this were playing secular music and then they were and I was shocked. Can you imagine there also ushers a group of girls who make themselves a group of ushers? Yes. And then they put on uniform and say we you can also call us we handle your functions [Music] wedding. I didn't know that. I was like hey but now they were able to sing every song in their mind. found caught up in a stress. When when they say, they want to walk like bound, it's a spirit that's within them. And then you get some of these young children how they can break dance bound. And then you get big people cheering them. Same spirits. Same spirits. But then when you have the Holy Spirit, you don't want those kind of things. Even you don't want to put them on your phone for then you start feeding on them. Therefore, why are you watching them? You're also feeding on the But when you have the Holy Spirit, the Holy Ghost will bring you to adoption. In other words, it molds your image to the image of Jesus. So you will cut off those things until those people start telling you. When they talk about drinks, you're talking about water. You have water at home. Talk about whisk. Talk about this. You even don't know the names of those brands. There's one which says keep walking. You even don't know. You just say I don't know even this thing. What is it? Spirit of God searches you know he goes out and then he brings those things to your knowledge. The deep things of God. He gives you an understanding. Praise the name of Lord about the things of God. You look what Moses being the almost becoming the next Pharaoh and then the spirit of God revealed to him that these Jews here are the hairs of God. So the Bible says despise the pleasures of life of God for a short season. And then he desired, he decided to suffer with the people of God because they had the promise of God. It was a revelation. Praise the name of our Lord. He saw that these people here. They have an inheritance before God. But Egypt much as is the super power will perish will pass away. Then he made a better decision. So God made it known to me. And it's also the same thing that God makes known to us. The deep things of God, the things that are eternal, the things that are real. Look at the things of time. Praise the name of God. You're not getting yourself in a compromising situation. because of temporary things because of things that pass away. You are looking at the recompense of the reward. You are looking at the things of God greater riches and the things of this. Praise the name of our Lord. And that's how God does it to us. You don't look at your current condition. You move forward. You look to the promise of God. Praise the name of our Lord. Then he says, "For what man knoweth, the things of man, save the spirit of man which is in him, even so the things of God knows no man but the spirit of God." Verse seven, So it is the spirit of God which knows the things of God. And so when you have the spirit of God, the spirit of God will make the things of God known to you. Praise the name of. So the Holy Spirit illuminates your mind. and gives you the wisdom and knowledge of God through the word of God. So it gets you into the depth of God. You can never get into the depth of God without the word of God because it is the word of God that declares to us. Praise the name of our Lord. Who God is, what God is, and where God is. Praise the name of God. Then he says, "Now we have received not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God, that we may not the things that are freely given to us of God." So he talks about the human spirit which is the spirit of man, the spirit of God which is the holy spirit and the spirit of the world which is Satan. So now when you are not born again your human spirit is bound by the spirit of satan. And now when you are born again, your human spirit is delivered from the spirit of the world. So it's the spirit of God which takes charge over your human spirit. And then the Bible says, our the Holy Spirit, bears witness with our human spirit that we are the children of God. And how would you prove it? as many as are led of the spirit of God, they are the children of God. So find out in yourself what leads me. Praise the name of the Lord. What leads me? What inspires me? If the Holy Ghost is within you, the Holy Ghost will inspire you, will lead you, will guide you. The Bible say when he the spirit of truth is come he will guide you into all truth truth the word. So the Holy Spirit guides us into all truth. Praise the name of our Lord. And then he says which things also we speak not in words with man's wisdom. Verse 13. but which the Holy Ghost teaches comparing spiritual things with spiritual. Praise the name of our Lord. So it is the spirit of God that takes charge in us. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the book of Acts 20:32, The Bible says, "And now, brethren, I commend you to God and to the word of his grace, which is able to build you up and to give you an inheritance among all them which are sanctified. Praise the name of our Lord. He says, I'm commending you to God and to the word of his grace which has the ability to build you up. Praise the name of God. In other words, to root you, you know, to see that you are established. So no wind of doctrine will come and toss you up. No kind of influence will come and then you say you know it's my boss who has told me that I should go to the corporate night. Now when you go in the corporate nightorate night opening the dance and then they call you. You don't allow those kind of things. Say no. This is what I stand for. Praise the name of you made a decision. I don't like that music. I don't like that kind of music. I don't want that kind of thing. Praise the name of you know you are built on the word. You know what the word of God says. So you stand by the word established by the word of God. Praise the name of Let us go to Colossians chapter 2 verse 6. Colossians chapter 2 verse 6. He says, "As you have therefore received Christ Jesus the Lord, so walk ye in him. rooted and built up in him and established in the faith as you have been taught, abounding there in with thanksgiving. Praise the name of the Lord. So it is something that should be continuous in our life. A life that you live. Praise the name of the Bible says man shall not live by bread alone by everyone that proceedth. It's continuous. You need the natural food to live. You need the spiritual food also. So you keep on longing and you see sometimes the Holy Spirit put something on your mind. Maybe it reminds you about a message or about a scripture. Take your time and follow that up. Okay, I've been thinking about it. Then you go and read it and then you see the Holy Spirit coming to give you more light on. Praise the name of our Lord. That's how the Lord does. And so when the devil is going to give an attack, the Holy Ghost has given you protection. Somebody come says this. But the word of God has told me or sometimes there are in life something ahead is going to happen and then the Holy Ghost puts a burden upon your life. You go and read this. to go and meditate upon hearing you for a challenger. And so when the devil come you are prepared. Praise the name of our Lord. That's how the Holy Ghost works in our lives. That's how the Holy Spirit leads us. Sometimes you don't know what lays ahead. But God knows what lays ahead. Sometimes God can speak it. You hear a voice, praise the name over and then the voice tells you this and this. That's the Holy Spirit. It's all the time to lead us to guide us. God works in our lives. Praise the name of God. So it's not that you know I just guessed about it. God directs you. Praise the name of like I can give this testimony. I think it was just on I think it was Friday either it was Friday or Tuesday but it was the course of this week. So I just got up in the morning and then something came to my mind and I was thinking about Paul. Paul would go in a place stay there for two years preaching or one and a half years when you read the book of Acts. And now what came to my mind? But when Paul was in prison, how were those people he preached to surviving? You know, he was restrained from going anyway. remembered he would sometimes write letters but then he was held you know he was in one place and now it also came to my mind the whole of this year I've failed to go for missions far away to go you desire to go but you are not able to go and then you feel like you are bound you're not able to move. And I was thinking I would just say God help those people. And now when after some 3 four hours, I called a brother, a pastor who is in that side. Then I told him, I'm sorry I've not been able to come. Then I told him that story of Paul. Paul was bound. But those people who he had been preaching to, you had to have something to keep them. And I was telling him, you have the message books. You have the Bible. Get these message books. Read them before the church. Encourage these people to read them. Teach them using these books. I don't know when I'll come to encourage you. He told me there's a sister in our church who dreamt and what he dreamt she dreamed that we were going with those pastors in that place. We had gone to preach the gospel and when we went to preach the gospel she dreamed that I was put in prison and for them now they were free and then they were crying. Then I would tell them you keep on praying. Praise the name of But you see what I thought about in the morning. This one is telling me in a dream almost the same. Praise the name of the Lord. God showing here you are looking at a scripture thing relating it to the condition you are going. It's okay but God will take care and then somewhere God shows somebody there. that this is what is going on. Praise the name of our Lord. God works out. Praise the name of our Lord that you know the scriptures. They are anointed. They are inspired. Praise the name of the Lord. They come to pass. Praise the name of Lord. So they are alive. So the Bible is telling us that we may be rooted and built up in Christ. Be rooted in the word of God. The word of God says love one another. See that you don't allow the spirit of hatred, hatred to come and take a hold of you. You reject the spirit of hatred. Regardless of what the person is saying against you, what they are hating, just put that spirit there. Praise the name of God. So the Bible says that we may be established in faith as we have been taught. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us go to first Corinthians chapter 1. I saw our time is running out. Praise the name of our Lord. He says for discourse we also first first Colossians rather chapter 1 vers9 Colossians Colossians chapter 1 verse9 for this cause we also since the day we had it do not cease to pray for you and to desire that you might be filled with the knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding. that you might walk worthy of the Lord unto all pleasing, being fruitful in every good work and increasing in the knowledge of God. [Music] strengthened with all might according to his glorious power and to all patience and longsuffering with joyfulness. Giving thanks unto the Father, which has made us meet to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light. who has delivered us from the power of darkness and has translated us into the kingdom of his dear son. In whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins. [Music] Praise the name of our Lord. So you we have to be established in Christ. Praise the name of our Lord where you get yourself fully committed. you know, seeking the grace of God, the leadership of the Holy Spirit, and then the Bible says that you know, you have the knowledge of God's will, and then you are walking worthy, worthy of pleasing unto God, bearing, being fruitful in every good work. And then he says, "Then you are strengthened." Praise the name of Lord. Strong in the Lord. Not any small temptation that comes your fall. No, you are strong. Able to resist the temptation, able to resist the devil. So you are in the depth of God and you keep on growing more rooted more grounded. Praise the name of God. Now in the message the Ephesian church age. He says the very name Ephesus has a strange compound meaning aimed at and relaxed. The high aspiration of this age that he they had begun with the fullness of the spirit, the depth of God whereby they were aiming at the high calling of God began to give way to a less watchful attitude. A lessent following of Jesus began to be manifested in itself as an omen that in the future ages the physical vehicle called the church would sink to the awfulness of the depth of Satan. It had become relaxed and was drifting. Already the edge was backsliding. It had left its first love. The tiny seed planted in the vision age would now grow in the spirit of error. until all the falls of the air would roast its branches. So in offensive to the human reasoning, would that little plant appear to the new Eve, the new church, that again she would be deceived by Satan. the the Ephesian age had presented to her the opportunity for God's best and for a while she prevailed and then relaxed and in the unguarded moment Satan planted the seed of complete reation. Now that's how the devil tries to be in our lives. You stop reading your Bible. You stop praying. You stop meditating upon the word of God. You know you actually it's the devil ruining you. He's bringing you back. You even forgotten the beginning things. You know the Bible says because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall works. So you find that even the clothes you're putting on, you don't care. But everybody is putting on the you go to the shop, you know, most of the shops, the clothes for especially women, they above the knees. Now all your colleagues dress like that. Why don't I also dress like that? Now maybe you move with in the bag when you there's a brother there sister. It starts like that. When you're coming to church, you have clothes for church. At place of work, sleeveless vest, but I'm at a place of work. It's not offending anybody. At place of work, the breasts are out. at place of work this point here of the west I also have to show something you know it's a spirit but at church I don't want to offend anybody how about the Holy Spirit you know those kind of spirits they just take a hold of you. If you have holes in your ear, you move with your pins. And what you're almost reaching work, then you put them on. I look now smart. When you know, you remove them, put them somewhere. Then you have those plastic nails. So you put them there when among the people you try to s you get rid of different things spirit because there's something which has taken a hold of you that has taken a hold of your heart. So you are now relaxed. You get relaxed. You can afford men to touch you any time spirit just taking a hold of you say you know you're not meant to be rough or rude. You know the devil just takes holding you slowly slowly slowly slowly like a python just taking a hold surrounding you surrounding you until now you get gone that's what the devil does now in this message church age yeah he says revelations 3:2 be watchful ful and strengthen the things which remain that are ready to die. Be watchful and strengthen the things which remain ready to die. For I have not found thy works perfect before God. Then he says, I wish it could be said that the age. Okay, I think we shall jump that. Then he says, let me just get a place here ahead. He says this was the reformation period but the fear but fear not little frog. God said I will restore and this reform was going to start of it. He was going to, according to his promise, take the church back from the depths of Satan in the dark ages to the depths of God that they had at Pentecost in the first few years of the existence of the church. And that's how the Lord desires us. Let us get back into the depth of God. Praise the name of the Lord. Taking your time reading your Bible, taking time to meditate on the word, taking time praying and fasting, seeking the face of God. Lord, I desire more of you. Then you know even the life that you live being a witness of the things of God, you testify even at your place of work. If they are looking for a person who is safe, everybody knows you are safe. Even those who are [Music] fake, they will know until after some years they will come and ask you, are you still saved? Praise the name. Are you still saved? There is a person who was studying with in secondary more than close to 30 years ago. Now she's in an organization with my wife. So now he was telling my wife that that one there from the time we're in school you know it's not something you've gotten to come out. So they have a testimony that there you are true and even after many years they are finding you. How are you standing? Praise the name of there's something real in your life that keeps you going and it doesn't grow old. Praise the name of it doesn't grow old. It is so fresh. Praise the name of our Lord. Just keeps you going. It's a continuous flow. Continuous flowing fountain. God takes you in this direction. You're still alive. God takes you in this area. You're still alive. God takes you in this area still alive. Praise the name of I remember our years when we at the university. They used to tell us that M University is is a death grave or is a graveyard but we went through and God gave us grace but now I don't know if if that time it was a graveyard. I don't know whether now it is hell. I don't know because people dress the way they want the way they want and then you go to one day you get university girls as prostitutes in most of these high institutions of learning even here In Ginger Town, you hear men complaining that women complain when it is holiday their husbands are going to be taken, total immorality. That's what is happening. real immorality. That's what's happening. So, you need the spirit of God to watch over your life. And it's the spirit of God that will make the word of God alive. Praise the name of God. That the word of God is alive. Even when you are put in places which are hard, you'll be alive. Praise the name of our Lord. You will keep that testimony. I'm a Christian. I know whom I've believed and I am persuaded that he's able to take me through. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us long to be in the depth of God. God of God. Praise the name of see that God gives you grace to overcome all your weakness. And if you have any weakness, don't justify it. Don't hold it that this is mine. Help me in this kind of deliver me in this kind of I want to be better than what I gives you more grace. Yesterday Lord I made a mistake. They don't want to make the same. You desire for more of God to take over all those areas. You're always hopeful expectation and believing that the Lord gives you grace. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to live in the depth of God. Praise the name of And God wants us to do that. And he gives us the grace when we yield to him. Praise the name of the life we need to live at your home, at your place of work, at your school. See that you live the life of Jesus. Praise the name of God. Don't allow something contrary to the word, something that takes your mind away from God. Don't allow that and don't hold it yourself, but you let it go and let God take charge of it. Praise the name of our we need to strive to be in the depth of God. No longer my mind, no longer myself, but Christ that live. Praise the name of God. May God bless you. Amen. Amen. [Music] Let us sing that song. I surrender as the song leader comes. We shall go into praying. We shall start the Lord's supper. All to Jesus I surrender. Oh to him my freaking king. I will ever love and trust him in his presence. [Music] I surrender. I surrender. [Music] Oh, I surrender. I surrender. [Music] All you he to thee my blessed savior I [Music] surrender. Oh all to Jesus I surrender humbly. Oh to Jesus I s humbly at his feet humbly at his feet. Worldly pleasures. Wildly pleasures. Oh for take me Jesus. Take me. Oh I surrender. Surrender. [Music] Oh, to you I surrender. Surrender. Oh, all to thee my blessed savior. Oh, to thee my blessed savior. [Music] I surrender in Luganda [Music] now in let's all get up if we can just worship this [Music] afternoon joy what [Music] [Music] Joy is name why oh joy. [Music] Oh, let your livinging waters flow over my eyes. Let your holy spirit, oh let your holy spirit come and take in every situation that has troubled my mind. every situation that has dried. Lord, all my cares and burdens, all my cares unto you. Unto you my, oh Jesus, Jes. Call on Jesus this afternoon. Oh Jesus, Jesus, Jesus, Jesus. Oh, call the [Applause] father. Father is here tonight. Oh father, father, would you come and touch me, Lord? Oh [Applause] father, [Music] father, won't you touch my body? Oh, touch my soul, Lord. Touch my spirit. Touch my I want to be made whole and make me. Oh, touch my body, Lord. Oh, touch my soul, Lord. Ask him to touch every part of your body, soul, and spirit. May he make you whole. Oh, and oh, as I sing Hosana, worship Hosana this afternoon. Hosana. Oh hallelujah. Hallelu. Oh. Worship him. Hosana. Oh we praise him. Ohana. As you prepare to speak to him. Ohana. [Music] Hallelujah. He desires to commute with you this afternoon. Oh, speak to him. Speak to the master. Say, "Lord, I need you." Speak to him and tell him, "Lord, I've wandered far, but I desire that you will come and commune with me." Oh precious heavenly father, king of glory, we want to thank you Lord because your word, Father, each time it comes is full of power. Each time you send forth your word, Lord, you say you send your word and it heals every form of disease. Father, you heal our spiritual amnesia. You heal every father, every broken body. Your word comes, Father, to give us direction, Lord. Your word comes to correct us oh heavenly father that we can come to a point Lord where we surrender everything to thee oh Lord our wicked ways oh heavenly father our painted faces our evil speaking our evil minds Lord we surrender them oh king of glory Lord like you told that rich young ruler to go back and sell everything and let him forsake all the things of the world and follow you. Father, this afternoon, Lord, we want to sell out, oh king of glory, Lord, all our pride. Father, may we sell out our wickedness. Oh, heavenly father, may we sell out, oh king of glory, Lord, anything that binds you, oh father, that we can sail, nothing shall stand between me and my savior. That we can walk close to one another, Father. that you can speak, oh heavenly father, that we can hear, oh Lord, that you can come down and fellowship in our homes, Lord, in our families, oh Lord, that you can be, oh king of glory, that quickening power within us, oh Lord, to strengthen us, oh father, to make us a light, oh father, in our places of work, oh Lord, to make us a testimony, oh father, in our neighborhoods, oh God, to make us, oh king of glory, a shining light, oh heavenly father, unto the world, Lord, to such a dying world. Oh Lord, may we be such that light, oh Lord. Father, that can shine, oh Father, out the darkness, oh God. Father, we continue to omit ourselves this afternoon, Lord. As oh Father, we approach thy throne of mercy. We pray, King of glory, Lord, that you have mercy and compassion upon us, oh Lord. Father, and forgive every manner of sin in our midst, Lord. Father, that there be nothing that shall hinder your move. Oh Lord, as we come to commune with you in fellowship, oh Lord, as we come to partake of your body and blood of Jesus, heavenly father, as you instructed us to do these things, oh heavenly father, we pray, oh king of glory, may the bond of love continue to grow, may the brotherhood continue to grow, Lord, that we may desire, Lord, more for one another, oh king of glory, Lord, for without love, oh Lord, there is Nothing Lord that can stand oh father without love. Oh Lord we are just but tingling symbols. Oh Lord father as we commune this evening as we wash each other's feet oh Lord may it bond us oh father that we may be bound by love. Oh Lord we may be bound by the codes of your word. Oh king of glory. May you forgive oh father every unrighteousness. Lord that as your children confess their weaknesses. Oh heavenly father may they say oh lord may that scripture be fulfilled that lord even when we are weak oh father in our weaknesses oh god then we are strong oh father because you oh lord are our rock you are our hiding place oh father we come to thee oh lord this afternoon oh heavenly father like that woman who had a blood cloord we want to touch the hem of your garment oh king of glory lord God, we want to come like that woman, oh heavenly father, with an alabaster pork, oh Lord, and pour oil at your feet, oh king of glory, and cry, oh Lord, and say, "Father, have mercy upon us, oh Lord. May you accept our prayers, oh Lord. May you accept our petitions, oh heavenly father, Lord. And at the end of the day, oh Lord, may you grant us your own righteousness. Oh Lord, that you may speak and say, "Go and sin no more." That you may speak words of life back to our souls. Oh Lord, may the communion this afternoon, Lord, strengthen them that are weak. Oh heavenly father may the communion oh heavenly father be a symbol king of glory that our sin has been taken away by the blood of Jesus that we may stand bold oh father coming into the holy of holies oh father this morning we love you Lord we appreciate you we glorify and magnify you we want to come and touch the hem of your garment Lord this Morning. This afternoon, [Music] Lord. Oh, I'm coming to [Music] touch the he. Oh, there's nowhere to turn. I'm not looking back. I'm not looking back. I'm crying savior. Oh, I'm crying savior. Please don't pass me by. Get me that song, please. I'm coming to pour my oil at your feet. Oil at your feet. Oh yes, I'm coming to [Applause] [Music] touch. Thy movie is coming. original songs. Oh, there's nowhere to turn. I'm not looking back. I'm not looking back. I'm crying, Savior. Oh, I'm crying. Savior, please don't pass me by. Please don't pass me by. Oh. Oh. I'm coming to pour my oil at your feet. When I lose my faith. Oh, when I lose my faith. Oh, when I lose hope. Oh, when I lose hope. When the tempter deceives. Oh, when the tempter deceives, his work is to kill, to steal and destroy. Oh, to steal and destroy. What do I do like blind Bimias? Oh, then I cry out, "Savior, please don't pass me. Please don't pass me by. Allow me to pour my oil, Lord. Oh, allow me to pour my oil at your feet. The next verse. When I'm confused. Oh, when I am confused and lost with all these things of the world and lost in this world. Oh my, when I hear the word, oh, when I hear the word, yes, sometimes I don't understand, but don't understand. Oh, even then, Savior. Oh, even then, Savior. I know I still believe the word. Just teach me to pour my oil. Oh, teach me to go my oil at your feet. Come on, sing with me. I'm coming to touch the hem of his garment. I'm coming to touch. Is it what you're going to do tonight? Oh, the h of his government. There's no way to turn. Oh, there's nohere to turn. I forsaken the old things. I'm not looking back. I'm not looking back. Oh, like blind bimas. Oh, I'm crying. Savior. Oh, please don't pass me by. Don't pass me by, Lord, this afternoon. Oh, I'm coming to pour my oil at your feet. If you'd give me air. For the life of the flesh is in the blood. I've given it to you upon the altar. Amen. If you can stand up. When sin came and could not worship without the [Music] blood, God came to fellowship with man. He found him known for he called Adam. Adam, where are you? I'm hidden. Could not bear God's presence without the blood. Eating from the tree. Oh, eating from the tree of knowledge. Good and evil. In a state of nakedness, man had fig leaves covered her. A blood sacrifice. A blood sacrifice of goats and skins God made to clothe them. Restoring life and fellowship with man again. Oh, the life for the life of the flesh is in the blood. I've given it to you upon the altar. I have given it to you upon the It's the blood that makes atonement. It's the blood that makes atonement for my soul and makes me fellowship with God once again. Makes me fellowship with God once. Just one more time. For the life, for the life, all the flesh is in the blood. I've given it to you upon the altar. I have given it to you upon the altar. Oh, it's the blood. It's the blood that makes atonement for my soul and makes me fellowship with God. Oh my [Applause] Jesus high. [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] Amen. Let us pray. Father, in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, we want to thank you for the blood of Jesus Christ. We also want to thank you, Father, the body of Jesus Christ. We are the body of Christ and members in particular. We want to thank you, Lord, that by your blood you've made us to be part of you. How you instructed us in your word that we should do this in remembrance of you, taking of your bread, which is the body of Christ, representing the word of God, which has been for kind of represented by the unleavened bread. And then also taking of the blood of Christ which is represented by the wine and then food washing. You instructed us to fulfill these things. Father as we start this service we pray you may be with us again. Bless us father as we fulfill your word. We pray in the name of Jesus Christ there be any weak amongst us. May you Lord touch them. May you Lord heal them. May you Lord make them whole and bless us together in this service. Remember also our brothers and sisters were not able to be here because of one reason or another. Pray that your grace may reach unto them and strengthen them father and our preeminence lord. I preside over this father what we are going to do guiding us and directing us that lord we may fulfill your word in the name of the lord Jesus we pray. Amen. Amen. Let us turn to our scriptures. Amen. Amen. We always pick it from the book of 1 Corinthians chapter 11 and then verse 23 up to verse 26. For I have received of the Lord that which also I delivered unto you, that the Lord Jesus the same night in which he was betrayed took bread, And when he had given thanks, he broke it and said, "Take it. This is my body which is broken for you. Do in remembrance of me. After the same manner also he took the cup when he had sapped, saying, "This cup is the new testament in my blood. This do as you often drink of it in remembrance of me. For as oft as you eat this bread and drink this cup, you do show the Lord's death till he [Music] come. Amen. Amen. Let us bless the bread. Father in the name of Jesus Christ, we pray that you may sanctify this unleavened bread that Lord may be able to serve the purpose representing the body of Jesus Christ of which we are the body in particular and as we partake of it, we are testifying that we are the body of Christ. We pray may bless us therefore in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We pray Amen. You may be seated. Amen. Amen. Brother William and brother [Music] Wilson great morning. [Music] Oh, cool. Are you [Music] way. No. [Music] Yeah. No. I come in a man [Music] [Music]
