################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-15 - The Soul Travail         Pastor Katumba James           15.06.2024 - Katumba James.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-15
Title:   The Soul Travail    |     Pastor Katumba James       |    15.06.2024
Speaker: Katumba James
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibsZEOyZGHE
========================================

Oh, thank you. Thank you. That's why I see that's why I pray. Oh, every day. Oh, every morning. That's why I worship you. Oh, the mighty God. You're my redeemer. You're my protector. I live your name. You are my sh Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Amen. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Hallelujah. May get seated. Amen. Amen. Let's have sister an come and give her special song. Sister Anna. Sister Anna. Amen. Amen. It's not there. [Music] God bless you. The song says, "I love him. I love him because he first loved me. [Music] I love him. I love him because he first loved me and purchased my salvation [Music] on Cal [Music] Street. [Music] Gone from my heart. Thou art and all. [Music] Now through the blood I'm safe from all down at the cross. My heart is bending low. The precious blood of Jesus graces white. [Music] I [Music] love him. I love him. Because he first loved me and purchased my salvation on Cal Street. Once I was lost and weigh down deep in sea. Once was a slave to passions peace we once was a friend to meet an angry girl. But now I'm blessed from every stru I [Music] love you. I [Music] love you. Because he first loved me and purchased my salation on Cal Street. Once I was bound [Music] But now I am set free. Once I was blind, but now the light I see. [Applause] Once I was saved, but now in Christ I live to tell the world around the peace that here. Don't give love Jesus. Oh, I love him. I love him because he first loved me [Music] and purchased my salvation on God free. God bless you. Amen. God bless you for that special song. As we gather offerings this morning, sing with me that song which says, "Cast all your cares on him. from our originals. Cast all thy cares on him. [Music] The originals Yes. I would encourage that we get these songs. If you have a flash, link up with brother William. He gives you those songs. Let these songs play in our sitting rooms. When you're traveling in the car, we also learn them. Amen. Amen. Let me see. [Music] Cast all your bens and cares upon the Lord and take all yourity in prayer. Believe and you receive. He knows his power upon the earth, the hair upon your head. He dresses all the leings. So cast your excuse me though it is the original key but it's training a bit. Let's change the key. Cast all your bens and g upon the law and take all yawning in prayer. Believe and you receive. He knows his power upon the earth, the hair upon your head. He blesses all the leaves. So cast your cares on him. So I'm casting all I'm casting all my cares on him. He shall sustain thee. Oh he shall never suffer the righteous to be moved. Oh, no good thing will he withhold from them that walk up by thee and he shall dare the path. I'm casting all my cares on him. I'm casting all my cares on him. He shall sustain me. He shall never never stop. He shall never suffer the righteous to be moved. Oh no he withhold from them that walk uprightly and he shall direct their path. [Music] The Father has given us great precious promises pertaining to abandoned life and all of godliness. He'll do for more exceedingly than you can dream of. Well, he knows your needs before you ask. So cast it on him. Well, I'm casting all casting all my cares on him and he shall sustain me. He shall never never he shall never suffer the righteous to be moved. will not he will hide from them that walk up by me and he shall direct their path. I'm casting all my cares on him. I'm casting all my cares on him. By the single he sustain me. He shall never suffer. Well, he shall never suffer. the righteous to be moved. Well, no he withhold from them that was a mighty and he shall direct their path. Let us pray. Amen. Father Jesus, thank you so much for your grace upon our lives. Hallelujah. We thank you for giving us an opportunity again to come into your house, praise and worship you, Lord. Thank you for the provision is king of glory. Loving master, here we are. Lord, as I commit the tithe and offerings into your hands, Lord, I pray. Lord God, may you grant a blessing upon each and every one who has been able to give in king of glory. Loving master, I would pray you grant your more grace father that king of glory will multiply and king of glory bless every hand king of kings. Father, Lord God, we have given cheer for the Father, as we have fulfilled your word. Father, we pray that you grant unto us a blessing that pertains to King of glory and loving Master as we are continuing in service for you this day. We pray that your presence may continue to abound that heavenly father we may continue to have liberty and Lord I pray you increase our faith and bless the entire service king of glory. We commit the servant that you are going to use today into your hands. Lord I pray that you anoint him father with more grace and boldness to preach your word king of glory and the power of your resurrection king of kings. Father, we surrender all the things, all our burdens into your hands. Lord God, let your will be done in our lives. Father, blessed be the name of the Lord. In Jesus name I prayed. Amen. Amen. Amen. Do you love him this morning? Do you love him this morning? Is it a man? Amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. Is it? Amen. Amen. Sing. Amen. Amen. We sing. Amen. We sing. Amen. Hallelujah. You worship him. He's your savior. The Lord Jesus is your provider. Amen. He's Jehovah. He's Jehovah. is sh. Will you serve him? Will you praise him? Lord Jesus, amen. Stand there for with your lungs. God above this praise choose with shield of f to the fear of the evil one. And of salvation, sword of the spirit is the word of God. Won't you stand a stand up for your long abs righteousness fish with a gospel truth? A shield of faith to break the fear of the evil one of salvation. Fill out the spirit with the word of one more time. Won't you stand there? Stand up for with your [Music] bless. Place all of righteousness to filters [Music] all of the evil one of salvation the sword of the spirit in the word of God. Amen. As we prepare to receive the minister, let's sing that song which says in the inner veil. Amen. Amen. Let's change the key in the inner veil. I'm waiting for the words cuz I can't sing it alone. I won't sing with you. First verse. Jesus told them. Get that key first. I have to move with you. Jesus told them. Take away the stone. Lord, now he stings. E backups. I can't hear you. Is it okay? No microphones. Sorry. Jesus told them, "Take away the stone. Lord, now he stings." Martha replied, "Fod is now dead." body is corrupted. He's away the truth and the lie stole all the way. Death r away came for life to control in the inner veil where his presence is the road of body. Man has stayed alive. His presence brings life to your soul. Oh, we have come out on the stage of this day. Invited Christ in our world him out. He took us higher. Now we can sing and praise his name all day long. Now we can sing and praise his name. The mystery of life who is alive has been hidden over the aes in sh and types now. to our people by manifestation. Oh, we waited his love reached us. Oh, now we're living his life sustaining in a way where his presence is the Lord of hell and body. Oh man, I stay alive. His presence brings life to your soul. Oh, we have come out of the stage all his name. Invited Christ in our soul who gave us the world of him by him. Now we can sing and praise his name. Oh, we can sing and praise it. Oh, in the city where the city where the is I am going in the city. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Every shall go by the city in the city. And I see here we have our disappointments of the world. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Yeah. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Amen. Let us give God a hand of praise. Amen. Let us pray. Father, we thank you for this morning and we are grateful heavenly father that we are going to that city where the lamp is the light. There will be no more sunlight but will be the glory of God himself that we shall be living in. We thank for the opportunity to come here in your presence and Lord we pray may take charge over everything that's going to be done. Speak to our hearts heavenly father our prayers and our petitions may also answer all father what we have need of. bless us together in such a special unto you in the name of the Lord Jesus prayer and ask this. Amen. Amen. You may be seated. I greet you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ. We are happy to be back today service. We appreciate those who were able to attend yesterday's praying and fasting. We appreciate was able to attend yesterday's praying and fasting and then we thank God for that. We want to recognize brother Julius. If you can stand up in the course of the week was very sick but we thank God that is better. Thank God for being with us. Brother you are welcome. [Music] Praise the name of our Lord. And then I see other visitors around if you can just raise your hand for recognition. You are welcome to have you around. Praise the name of our Lord. So there is a a testimony here. He says, "God bless you saints. I thank God for his blessings upon my life. Last weekend I was not around and traveled to the village to visit my family. I thank God for granting me journey mercies. I bring you greetings from my pastor who is my dad and the saints of leader. Then she says I have a special song to sing for the Lord. So just want to invite sister. Praise the name of our Lord. You're welcome. [Applause] [Music] God bless you saints. Amen. And thank God for his goodness upon my life. Uh the song I'm going to be singing is thank you Lord for your blessings upon my life cuz indeed he has blessed me all the way and I appreciate him for that. be blessed as you listen and we can sing it together as the world looks upon me as I struggle along. They say I have nothing but they ask your rock in my heart. I'm rejoicing. How I wish they could see. Thank you Lord for your blessings for me. [Music] Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] I know I'm not wealthy and there's nothing on you. I don't have much money but love I have you to me that's what matters though the world may not see but I thank you Lord Lord for your blessings on me. All this room up above me a good place to see. Place food on my table and shoes on my feet. You gave me your love, Lord, and the fight for me. Thank you, Lord. for your blessings on me. You gave me your love, Lord, and I fight for me. And I thank you, Lord, for your blessings on me. Amen. Thank you, sister Petric. Amen. We thank God. Praise the name of our Lord. The gift of life he has given unto us. Praise the name of our Lord. So this afternoon we're going to have a youth meeting. And then on next Sunday we are hosting brother Andreas from German. We are going to have two services and we expecting many people to come. At least almost 150 are going to join us on that day. Most of them will be pastors. We just come prepared to spend the whole day around on Sunday. Praise the name of our Lord. We appreciate God who has brought back our pastor. Praise the name of our Lord. Even she's better this morning. Last Sunday, she was not well. Praise the name of our Lord. We're going to invite our pastor. But before he comes, let us have the youth come and sing. Then he will come. Praise the name of our Lord. [Applause] Take my life and let it be consecrated Lord to thee. Take my moments and my days flow in Jesus praise. Take my hands and let them move at the impulse of thy love. Take my feet and let them be sweet and beautiful for thee. Take my voice and let me sing all for thee. Take my lips and let them be filled with me [Applause] from thee. Take my silver and my gold not my to I thought take my intellect every power shall without you. [Music] Take my will and make it thine. It shall be no long. Take my heart. It is thy ro. It shall be thy royal throne. Take my love, my lord. Thy po at thy feet in trees store. Take myself and I will be ever all [Music] for thee. Take myself and I will be ever all for thee. [Music] Amen. Amen. Pastor, you're welcome. God bless you. I said God bless you. Amen. Amen. Now I feel you are still around. So we appreciate God for this morning who has been gracious to us and bring us to the house of the Lord this morning. Amen. This is the best place to be. [Music] Amen. We come to the house of the Lord with praises and thanks. Amen. Amen. You see, you don't come down here and feel like you died yesterday, but you come down here to tell the devil you got some eternal life in you. Amen. When you want to say amen, you say real. Amen. You see, we need to come down here and catch some bit of fire. Amen. Amen. If there is some kind of a cold shoot, Holy Spirit can warm. Amen. We pick from one another. That's how the candles were lit. Amen. From this candle to this candle, this candle to this candle. That's why we come to church. Amen. Because everybody brings a leak of fire. Amen. to light up your brother. If somebody came in and his spirit was down, you can lift him up. When the pastor is having a hard time, when you say amen, he can go through the junction. That's what we are here for. So I appreciate God so much. Who has been gracious to my life. Amen. I want to tell you one thing. that there is one thing that's near to you that is called is very near and your being alive is the grace of God. Amen. Amen. So when we present ourselves in his presence, we are thanking him for the great Amen. Amen. It's been a long time. I've been on the run. Immediately after the meetings here and on the handover, I had uh dedication of the church. I got to preach in one convention again and then went over to Dodma. And Dodma, we had a weekend of meetings. But when I came back, you know, I felt so exhausted. I drove from the airport back here. But the following day, I just couldn't understand me. Amen. There was no pain, but I was not alive. Amen. When I would want to stand up and go this left, My legs take me right and now they would ask me what's your I said I'm feeling nothing but I was depreciating depreciating to the extent that I could not feed myself. Amen. We give thanks to God. We took the tests. Amen. We took the tests. But there was nothing in the body. It was just an exhausted body. Amen. Amen. You see the body one time can say no. You've used me so much. I'm ready to pack. Amen. Amen. So in the year 2000, I experienced something very similar to that. I went for meetings with my daughter peace. We left on Thursday. We went to and then we preached f Friday, Saturday, Sunday we moved further and then I preached on Tuesday, Wednesday went further, you know, and I took quite a number of services and then I drove back about 600 kilometers by morning. I could not get out of the bed. And when I tried to get up, I could not lift my feet off the ground. I had to drag my feet. I want to say something. When a minister comes down here to speak to you, it is a sacrifice. [Applause] You know, you don't just stand up there and watch him and, you know, and figure him out. Enter into the service with him. Just be like a John who said, "I was in the spirit on the Lord's day. Get in the same spirit. Let the Lord feed us." I appreciate our pastor and the way you pastor. I mean supporting you. You see when you are running the really whoever you hand the battle to is expected to be faster than you and I trust that brother James will be faster than the speed we've been used. Let's just stand behind him. Brother says, "If another person has the ball, you just stand around and protect him." So, let's stand behind our pastor, protect him in our prayers, protect him in our presence. Amen. When he calls for meetings, we shall be here. Is that amen? Amen. So, I certainly appreciate you. for those who were able to come and uh those who cared to call but mostly all of you pray. May God bless you. Bless you so much. Amen. Let's just enjoy the service. Let's give the Lord a hand of praise. Amen. And keep the services alive. Amen. God bless you. your bless. Let us clap for our pastor. [Applause] Amen. We thank God for his grace. Praise the name of our Lord. Just keep him in your prayers. He's going into again another series of convention. Immediately after the meetings on Sunday, we'll be going to Maza with brother Andreas Andreas for also meetings there in Tanzania. We just keep on praying for him and even the services of the Lord ahead of us. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us stand up and then we get into the reading of the word. Let us pray. Father, we want to thank you for your love, grace, and mercy. And we appreciate for the healing of our pastor is bring him back safely. Lord Lord we commit him into your hands even for the meetings in mana together with brother Andreas that Lord you may use them in such a special we commit all the burdens still before us into your hands father you may give strength and guidance for the glory and horn of your name we commit all the needs of the children of God also into your hands grace may abound in everything. And now as we got the opening of the word, may you come and speak to us and help us to get the mind of God concerning the things that the spirit will be speaking to us. We may be able to be obedient and fulfilled that you've called us to do. We love you, Lord, and we thank you, Lord. In the name of the Lord Jesus, we pray and ask this. Amen. Amen. Let us go to Isaiah 53. Isaiah chapter 53. And I feel like we need to read the whole chapter from verse one to verse 12. And then our subject is soul travel. So he says verse one, who has believed our report? And to whom is the arm of the Lord revealed? For he shall grow up before him as a tender plant and as a root out of a dry ground. He has no form nor comeliness. And when we shall see him, there is no beauty that we should desire him. He is despised and rejected of men, a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief, and we hid as it were our faces from him. He was despised and we esteemed him not. Sure. Surely he has borne our griefs and carried our sorrows. Yet we did estimate. [Music] But he was wounded for our transgressions. He was bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon him. And with his stripes we are healed. All we like sheep have gone astray. We have turned everyone to his own way. And the Lord has laid upon him the iniquity of us all. He was oppressed and he was afflicted yet he opened not his mouth. He is brought as a lamb to the slaughter and as a sheep before her shearers is dumped. So he opens not his mouth. He was taken from prison and from judgment. And who shall declare his generation? For he was cut off out of the land of the living. For the transgression of my people was he stricken. And he was he has made his grave with the wicked and with the rich in his death. Because he had done no violence, neither was any deceit in his mouth. [Music] Yet it pleased the Lord to bruise him. He has put him to grief. When thou shalt make his soul an offering for sin, he shall see his sin. He shall prolong his days, and the pleasure of the Lord shall prosper in his hand. He shall see of the travel of his soul, and shall be satisfied. By his knowledge shall my righteous servant justify many, for he shall bear their iniquities. Therefore will I divide him a portion with the great, and he shall divide the spoil with the strong, because he has poured out his soul unto death, and he was numbered with the transgressors and bear the sin of many and made intercession for the transgressors. So I want to share on soul travel. Praise the name of you know that kind of you know pain one goes through because of a particular situation. Praise the name of the Lord. So here the Bible is telling us that Christ went into a soul travel, you know, because of the sin. Praise the name of our Lord. And we know that Christ was God coming in flesh. Praise the name of our Lord. You see, when you look at the Genesis record that God made man in his own image, Praise the name of our Lord. In Genesis chapter one, he made man as a spirit man. Then that spirit man, he put a body on him in Genesis chapter 2. And then you see that when God was making the nature or when he was making the living thing, when he made animals, he made the male and the female. But now when he made the human being, he made Adam. Praise the name of our Lord. He didn't make him with Eve immediately, but then he he took Eve the woman out of the man. Praise the name of Allah. That was the purpose of God. But in one way there was way how sin would get into the human race and sin entered by the serpent you know deceiving the woman and then eating of the fruit of the tree which was not right to do. We see that when the f the fall came in the garden of Edith. Praise the name of our Lord. Brother teaches us at every time of redemption, God would come down himself. Praise the name of God. So even here they used to have fellowship in the garden of Eden, in the cool of the dead. Praise the name of Lord. But then this time when God came to the place of fellowship, he didn't get there Adam. And then you can see what sin can also do to us. Is that when sin gets a hold of us, it makes us lose direction. When sin gets a hold of you, it makes you afraid to come to church. When sin gets a hold of you, it makes you be afraid to meet a brother or a sister. When sin gets a hold of you, it makes you lose your desire for fellowship. Instead of coming in the services of the Lord, you know, you you completely kind of lose your track. You kind of hide yourself. Praise the name of our Lord. Sorry, I'm recognizing brother Benjamin. You can stand up. Brother Benjamin Barza. I'm sorry I forgot. Let us receive him. I'm sorry. I was meant to introduce him here before the service. He's a son to brother Barasa and he has come to inform us about his marriage. So let us give him our support. You're most welcome our brother. I'm sorry for that. You may sit down. Brother, you're also welcome. Amen. Amen. So now sin can always take us away from fellowship. And that's what really happened in the garden of Eden. You know, God had come in the cool of the day to fellowship with Adam. But now when he reached in that place, they were not there. And then the Bible says that they heard the voice of God walking in the garden and then they hid themselves. They were afraid of God. And now you see the consequence of sin here. When they ate of the fruit, they realized they were naked. And now because you know the veil had been brought torn apart. So when they realized that they were naked and there were only two people in the garden, a man with his wife But when they realized that they were naked, they were ashamed of their nakedness. But then here you don't people don't care walking on the streets when they are naked. But these were husband and wife only in the garden. And when they found they naked, they try to put fig leaves around themselves. And then here you find people walking on the streets not caring that they are. So that shows that people are in a terrible condition, completely fallen. Somebody leaves home halfdressed and then they don't have any shame at all. But Adam, Adam with Eve, they felt ashamed until they put fig leaves around themselves. But the covering of the fig leaves which depicts a religion was not sufficient to cover their naked until when they heard the voice of God. They felt that they are not covered. They went and hid themselves in the trees. And then God called them, "Adam, Adam, where are you?" Adam. And then Adam said, "I'm here." We we are afraid because we are naked. You know, Adam was right away confessing his situation. Praise the name of our Lord. And you know, sometimes sin can get a hold of you. And then you feel you are not adequate. You say, "Lord have mercy upon me." But now if you refuse to confess, you'll find that you become hardened in your heart. The heart of Adam was not yet hardened. and the true elect of God. Your heart will not be hardened when you sin. Praise the name of our Lord. Your heart will not be hardened when you sin. That was Adam. Oh, we are naked. So, we afraid to come in your presence. We felt we are inadequate. Praise the name of our Lord. But you see, God is so gracious. God himself had to come down and sacrifice an animal. Praise the name of our Lord. And then he covered their nakedness. God brought the solution for their deliverance. And right there when God was was actually kind of removing their sins, he promised about the woman se the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. Sin will always take a lot of pain. And you know sin, the Bible says in the book of Romans chapter 3. Romans chapter 3 and verse 23. For all have sinned and come short of the glory of God. And then in Romans chapter 6 and then verse 23 it says for the wages of sin is death but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. So he says the wages of sin, what comes out of sin is death. And now that's how the whole human race started coming after the fall. We were all born in sin and shaped in iniquity. So now God had to create another way how we can be born again. Praise the name of our Lord. He had to make a way. How we can be born again. The way he made the way of shadows in the Old Testament whereby they used the animal blood to cover their sins. And this was fulfilled by the Lord Jesus Christ. when he shed his blood for our sins. Now you see that Christ here in Isaiah chapter 53, Isaiah prophesies about how Christ had to carry the sin of God. How Christ had to be smitten, how Christ had to be stripped. And then he said by his stripes we are. And so you see that Christ had traveled. Praise the name of travel in his body. His life he lived on earth was not pleasant from the time of his birth. Born from in a poor family. Even there was no room in the in the in the manger for him or in the inn for him. Praise the name of our Lord. You know they looked everywhere. There was no admission of Christ until he was born in actually a manger. You know everything about him was painful through his life. A man of sorrows. Praise the name of God. And all this was painful because of our sin, because of our redemption. Praise the name of our Lord. So he came and lived on earth until he was saying. Praise the name of our Lord that you know the foxes have holes, the birds have nests, but the son of man has no house. Everything about him was just given. You can imagine God borrowing a womb to be born. Praise the name of our Lord. God in human flesh. Even borrowing a grave to be buried in. It was a travel. a soul travel for our redemption. And now we are also called upon to see that those who are not saved, we also need to have soul travel for them. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to have soul travel for the friends who are in sin. We need to have soul travel for our children who are not yet born again. We need to have soul travel for our parents who are not born again. We need to have soul travel for the neighbors who are not born again. We need to have soul travel for the wickedness that we see down in the city. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us go to the book of Ezekiel. Chapter 9 verse one. The Bible says, "He cried also in mine ears with a loud voice, saying, cause them that have the charge over the city to draw near, every man with his destroying weapon in his hand. And behold, six men came from the way of the higher gate, which lith toward the north, and every man a slaughter weapon in his hand. And one man among them was clothed with linen with a writer's ink by his side. And they went in and stood beside the present altar. And the glory of God of Israel was gone up from the cherub where upon he was to the threshold of the house and called to the man clothed with linen which had the right ink by his side. And the Lord said unto him, "Go through the city, through the midst of Jerusalem, and set a mark upon the forehead of them that sigh and cry for all the abomination that be done in the midst thereof. Praise the name of our Lord. Like here we live in Ginger. Are we concerned about the wickedness that is done in our place? Praise the name of the Lord because it's a place that we live in. And you know when God sent the children of Israel to Babylon, he told them, "Pray for the peace of the city." That in the peace of the city, you shall have peace. So are we concerned about the condition of the places that we live in? Praise the name of our Lord. the condition of the people. Maybe you live in a place and there are so many drunkers. From every neighborhood there is a drinking point, a drinking point, a drinking point. How much have you done about that condition in that place? Or you are living maybe in a place where you are renting and then you find a neighborhood all prostitutes houses. You know something so evil. You know how what have you done about that? Are you taking time to pray and cry to God? The way the Bible is telling us that go out in the city and make a mark upon the forehead of the men that sigh and cry against the abominations that are done in the city or you are not concerned about what's happening in your life. So you need to have a soul travel. Say Lord have mercy. Maybe it is in your family. Praise the name of our Lord. And you know like there are some families who have kind of you know things which almost resemble and happen which are not good. Some families you find there is always suicide. Some families you find there is something people becoming mad. Some families you find people just become prostitutes. Some families you find die before a certain age. And now if you are in that family, God has saved you. Have you taken interest to cut down that kind of situation from happening again or you are not concerned? Praise the name of God. You know, you need to be concerned about what is happening around you. Be concerned about what's happening in your place of work. Be concerned about what's happening in the community that you live in. Be concerned about what's happening in your family. you know the conduct of your children, you know the behavior, people going after things which are strange. So we need to have a soul tra a burden that is in us for the souls that are lost. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message the inside man he says you would like to know what I think the greatest need of the church is today. Would you like what I think where I think is lacking is no soul travel. Praise the name of the Lord. You know, like when you get saved, you think that's enough. But last Sunday, we read and then brother Brham was telling us that Christianity moves from one individual to another individual. That's how we got ourselves salvation. Praise the name of Lord. I'm happy sister Agat has come with somebody today. Let us for her. Praise the name of Lord. How about us? We had seven days through the week. How many have you talked to about Christ? I didn't get time. I was too busy. How many people have you conversed with through the week? But this week my mouth was shut. That's not possible. But in the midst of all your conversation, how many people have you talked to about this? We can start taking record of ourselves. You know, brother Brandham told us that if you have not brought anybody to Christ, you are barren. and being buried is not pleasant. How many have you brought to Christ? Praise the name of our Lord. How many have you talked to about Christ through the week? You know, you don't stop. You keep on talking to them, encouraging them. Praise the name of the Lord. So, he says the problem we have today, the need we have today, is we have no soul traveled. The people are not broke up enough. There is no burden seemingly and you give me someone that's just to up lost souls. They are just they just cry and wanting a revival so bad till they can hardly eat just ugly can't. Praise the name of Lord. Then he says, if you read the history of the world and the religious history, you'll find out it always taken that kind of a spirit to bring a revival. People to turn to God, people to repent of their sins. Praise the name of the Lord. Until people can be afraid to do funny things in your neighborhood because there is the fear of God. Praise the name of Allah. So we need to see that our souls travail for the lost people. Be concerned about the people who are not saved. Be concerned about your children who are not saved. Be concerned about your parents who are not saved. Be concerned about your colleagues. You know, some of them they are your best friends. They can tell you every secret. But have you taken interest to tell them about the salvation of Jesus? Have you taken interest to tell them that the Lord has sent us a message that prepares us for the rapture? We need to have a soul travel. Praise the name of the Lord. And then here he says, you get around where there's arguments, you get into that type of atmosphere. If there's something in the church, someone who is disobedient and they they very ugly acting in the church and causing trouble, You'll never be able to have a revival as long as that kind of atmosphere is around. If you will notice when the Holy Spirit came on Pentecost, they were all in one place in one accord. That is right waiting for the promise. There has to be a burden. A burden about the salvation of your children. A burden about the salvation of your colleagues. A burden about the salvation of your friends. A burden about the salvation of your neighbors. Let them see your life. Even the testimony of your mouth. You know, you are telling them there is a better way to live. Praise the name of Lord. Like you know there are some things which are not pleasant to hear. People fighting a husband and a wife fighting or this all this order in a family. You know those are not pleasant things to hear. So now we need to see that we have a burden. Praise the name of our Lord to pray that people can be changed and then be turned to the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. You know we need to see that we get a burden in ourselves. We have a travel. A trial of the lost soul. A travel of your children. travel of your neighbors or the people you work with so that you can see the gospel of Jesus Christ going out to them. Praise the name of our Lord. Now in the message perseverant says we have lost the interest of really of souls. that soul travel that the Christian ought to have. We seem to lose it. I'm not talking about I'm not talking about the real Christians. I'm talking about so many that profess to be Christians. Now if you are a real Christian, you must have that soul travel. Praise the name of our Lord, testifying about the Lord. You know, seeing that people can know the gospel, what you believe, what your faith is, you are not ashamed to be identified with what you believe. You are testifying about it. You are telling people to turn away from their evil ways to bring them to Christ. And then he says, "All you hear today is some big something." You know, some big something going to expenses of millions of dollars for great things and then preaching that the Lord is coming in this generation. Why? The sinner on the street knows you don't believe it. Your actions speak louder than your words. When you do that, we ought to be from house to house, from place to place, preaching, crying, begging, persuading, trying to get every soul into the kingdom of God. Sending missionaries east, west, and south, everything we can do to get people saved. Then let us come back to ourselves. What have we done as individuals? Praise the name of you already have an audience all the time with you at your place of work. Maybe where you go to buy things. You even take time to negotiate and things like that. How about talking about Christ to these people, telling them the Lord loves telling them what you're doing is wrong. Telling them you need to get saved. Praise the name of Lord. How about the people you interact with? You know, testifying to them, your neighborhood, praise the name of our Lord or even where you study from, you know, testifying to them about the goodness of the Lord. Then he says now we find today it is so much on decisions. You hear that all time making decisions. Decisions on decisions are confessions. Confessions are stones. What does it do? Pile up a bunch of stones. If you've if you have not got stone cutter there who can shape them in the shape of two-edged sword of of God into sons and daughters of God. them run around here with all kinds of women dressed and skinned down whiner and call themselves Christians and then letting men do that calling themselves servants of Christ and the church in the lukewarm formal condition that is in a form of godliness. but denying the power thereof and calling decisions. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to see that we have a tra for the salvation of the people we live with. Praise the name of our Lord, the people we work with, the people we find around. There are people who come to work for you. Have you told them about Christ? There are people you work with. Have you testified about Christ to them? Like I remember that that maid in Syria, she was taken as a captive from Israel. She had no hope to go back. And when she saw her master npress, she told the mistress that there is a prophet in Israel who can heal this man. How about us? There's a prophet God has sent in this generation. There is a message of the hour and then you see your friends in leprosy, you know, just doing false baptism, false conduct, false living all over. You told them we have B in Gilead. The message of the hour is the bomb in Gilead which can cure the leprosy that's affecting people. Spiritual leprosy. You testify to them. It is a message of the hour. God wants you to dress right. God wants you to live right. God wants you to see that you you take up the things of the word. There is a prophet. There is a message that the Lord has given out to us. How much interest have you taken to testify? We have a message of the hour preparing us for the rapture, preparing us for the coming of the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to have a soul travel. Praise the name of our Lord. Now, in the message questions and answers, he says, I'll give you my estimation of what I think is the closest thing to an evidence that a man is a Christian than anything I know of. You know what it is? It's a travel of soul. A person that is always hungering and thirsting for God, they just simply day and night. They can't stand it. There is a continuous burden. You are in prayer. You are in testifying. You are in reading the word of God. No, it is something that you are burdened. Praise the name of our Lord. And then he says they are full of love and they are just a soul travel just travailing all the time. The Bible say he that goes forth sowing in tears will doubtless return again rejoicing bringing in the sheets. Now look what if this church if I would say this morning in this little group of people and then he said God said now look William Brham I'm going to make you answer for that group of people what you tell them now what do you want them all all to shout I want them to shout do you You want them all to speak with tongues? I want every one of them too. You want them all to dance in the spirit. I want every one of them too. All right. Well, that is very good. But what would you rather have them to do? I would rather have a church that had a burden on their heart for prayer that they just stayed at this altar and would be here day and night and everything else and in their house was constantly in prayer and humble and trying to get the people to come. and making calls at the hospital, visiting the sick and trying to get the people to come to church and do right. I'd rather have that than all the other put together. Although the other is right, it belongs to the church. Praise the name over see how brother Brandham is bringing it out as soul traveled travel for the lost sinners you have taking time to pray for them said Lord give me grace today as I go to my place of work talk to somebody about Christ praise the name of talk to somebody about Christ you know these people who don't know God. They can c and talk evil things at any time. Now for you who knows God, praise the name of our Lord. God has given you ability that you can talk about his name. Praise the name of our Lord. And you can talk about God even in condition people don't understand. You can even speak things and they come to pass. You can pray for the sick and they get healed. You can do things after the life of Christ being in you. Praise the name of Lord. If some if one of your colleagues is sick, why don't you say I let me pray for you? Why don't you use some of those promises? You lay your hand on your colleague or your fellow students or anybody else and say, "Let me pray for you, my friend. Let me pray for you, my sister. You honestly pray for them. And that could be an open door to witness to them about Christ. And then you see people opening up. You know, at home, we have a worse traction than what I've done. And then you see them inviting you to their home, you testify to them about the good and you see them opening doors. Praise the name of You know like there's a place in Ko praise the name of our lord there's a pastor in called and then there was a stration in the neighborhood they were not believers certainly but there is something which happened that they called the pastor to pray for those people and when the pastor prayed for those people and that person was delivered The whole family accepted the message and about 30 people were baptized in that day. There are doors you can use to bring people into Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. Somebody is having troubles. Praise the name of Lord. You see what doctors are deceiving people and then you get on the p on the post of power. analysis and then they put doctor so and so can baress can you know you can become rich can cast out curses you can get a job they're using people's problems to take a hold of them but for you you have the real power to change and you just there I don't know they have called you to go to hospital. Oh God help us. You can't say let us pray for this person. Praise the name of our Lord. Maybe there is a situation which is not pleasant in the neighborhood. You cannot use that opportunity to talk to these people about the goodness of Christ and tell them Christ saves Christ heals. Christ can cast out all these demons. Praise the name of our Lord. You know, you can use that opportunity to have these people delivered. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to have a soul traveling. Lord, deliver these people. Lord, save these people. You got people just in confusion. They don't know which way to go. You have the power to change that situation. Use that power to help those people. Praise the name of our Lord, testifying to them, telling them the goodness of the Lord. Praise the name of our Lord. We also need to do the same thing. Where we live, in our neighborhoods, where we work from, praise the name of our Lord, take interest, testify about God. Tell them how what the Lord has done. Tell them what the Lord can do for them. Praise the name of God. And you know, divine healing is just a bait, you know. It just catches the fish. It causes people to be attracted that that one can pray for you. That one can help you. And then people come Use that to talk them about Christ. Praise the name of our Lord. Like at your place of work. Maybe everybody trust you that for you when they give you money, you're not going to eat people's money. They entrust you to be the treasure. Take care of precious things. Teach them also to be like you. Praise the name of God. Tell them God can also change you that you stop moving you know you know in double dubious ways. Praise the name of. So then he says but if I had to have it I would put that first cuz if you've got that the others will take place. Praise the name of our Lord. you know a hungering. If you just get so hungry for God, praise the name of the Lord. Then you see what the Lord can do. Praise the name of the Lord. Let us go to Matthew chapter 5. Matthew chapter 5 and then we read in verse six. The Bible says, Blessed are they which hunger and thirst after righteousness, for they shall be filled. Praise the name of our Lord. Hungering and thirsting. He says hunger and thirst should be something in us. Lord save this person. And then you can put them before the Lord in prayer really interceding for them like our Lord Jesus Christ. The Bible says in making intercession for sinners. Why he makes sure that each of us who is in the body of Jesus Christ none is lost. You should also be able to stand there. stand in the gap. Praise the name of our Lord. Say, Lord, come and help these people. Come and deliver these people. Come and save these people. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to see that we stand in that God. Brother Brandham had a vision in the message paradox. You know, he was walk And then he was walking with the brother and then in the bush there was something which was making noise and then he wondered what is this. Then he saw a mamba coming out and said this is instant death. And then when it was coming towards him, it stopped. Like there was a power that was stopping it. Then it went after the person was moving and then he cried Lord have mercy upon it kills him is instant death. Let us call that message paradox. Praise the name of our Lord. He said and then I come into a vision again. It seems that I was lifted up sitting on a highway, a narrow highway with some brother and I never knew who the brother was. I looked around and I said now I'm sure and know this is a vision the Lord is here and seemed like somebody was afraid and I say what's everybody so afraid of and the voice came and said there is such a danger these There is a great hideous thing that is death when it strikes you. And we've read the wages of sin is death. So there's a condition of sin that seems to take a hold of people just bound and they can't help themselves just in chains. You find somebody's bound in a condition in year out and they don't have the joy of their salvation. They are totally bound. They can't overcome. They have not enough power in themselves to overcome. And that's what sinners are. They don't like the things they are doing. But they find themselves they are bound you know they just bound just like Samson bound. You know when they took away his eyes and they put chains on his legs, he was just bound and then they would make him make play for us a spot. And Satan can do the same thing to somebody's life up. So then he says, "And I heard the wheat smashing down and I looked and here come a huge monster snake through the woods." I thought now knowing this is a vision. Then I see what this animal or beast is and he crawled up on the highway. And as soon as I got sight of him, I knew it was a mamba. Now, a mamba is an African snake, which is the most deadly bite of all that there is. And then here it was on the highway. I thought, well, this is it. So I looked at the animal and he looked angry at me and he licked his tongue and he he here he come. When he got right close to me, he wouldn't run up fast and then he wouldn't and then he would get slower and slower and just quiver and stop and then something would hold him off. He couldn't bite me. And then he would turn around on the other side and try to approach from this other side. And then he would get back and get started right towards me and then get slower and then stop and then just shake off like that and move back. He couldn't strike me. Then he turned and looked at my friend and away he went after my friend sin. Praise the name of our Lord. And you see the way the Bible says that when Satan tempted Jesus Christ, he left him for a season. And that's what sin does coming. But to find out how protected are you, It goes and then it comes back. Praise the name of keeps on coming trying to find a time when you are not protected. If your protection and certainly our protection is the word of God. Now in the time when you are doubting the word of God, sin can take a hold of you because sin is unbelief. Your dedication to God, your prayerful life and then you just put it down and now this time when it comes it can take a hold of you. So you need to see that you are serious in the things that pertain to God. your reading of the word, your hearing of the word, your obedience of the word, you know, your dedication, your time into prayer, your time into fasting and you see when you continue in this vision, you know, brother Brandham was told by God, you can bind this or even worse of even all those worse than this. But the condition was you must be more sincere, your personal life now. Will they believe your testimony? [Music] But you're the one smoking. You're not you're not delivered yourself. How they believe your testimony. If they find the things they do is what you're also doing the one who bearing false witness helped you. They can't believe your testimony. God told brother brother you must be more sincere if you're going to bind this and that's the same thing if we are going to help people if we are going to bring people to salvation let our lives shine that light that in the neighborhood if I'm a young man if I'm a young woman in the neighborhood. Let other parents desire their children to be like me. How I wish my son was like this. How I wish my daughter was like this. Because they are seeing there's a different life in you. And when they they admire you, it will not be difficult for you for them to allow you to befriend those people and turn them to Christ. Praise the name of our he says you must be more sincere if you are going to bind this. Praise the name of our Lord. Now here he goes further and then he turned around and looked at my friend and went after my friend jumping up in the air over him and over him and over him trying striking at him. I thought if he ever hits him, it is instant death. No wonder everybody is so scared because when the thing hits you is instant death. And it was striking at him like and I threw my hands up. God have merc upon my serpent ever strikes him to kill him. Saul traveled. Amen. He saw his brother being struck by Satan. and he travailed in his heart. He interceded for him. Lord have mercy upon my brother. Lord deliver my brother. Abraham. When God told him about the impending destruction of Sodom, Abra didn't say went away from us. I will let him suffer there. He had a burden in his heart about the saving of Lord and his property and said, "Oh God, you are righteous. Can you destroy the city when there are 50 righteous people?" He said, "No." And the number kept on coming down until at 10. Abraham said there was nobody reaching 10. He interceded. He had a soul travel. We should not have the same thing. Praise the name of God. So travel for your family. Travel for your friends. So travel for your neighborhood. Lord save this one. Lord deliver this one. And brother Brandham says if you are a true Christian, you'll always have that burden. You not be pleased people doing wrong things. This is their time to pay. No, remember them in prayer. Intercede for them. Lord, come and deliver this. Like brother was crying, Lord have mercy upon my serpent would not strike him but was striking his brother. There should be the same concern with us. Praise the name of God. Oh my sister. I don't know why she doesn't come to church with you her best friend. Are you concerned about her condition? I think maybe she got a problem. Why don't you take interest? Sister, why haven't you been coming? Like we can look around there are many who are not here in church today. Are we concerned? What is their condition? Do we have that soul traveled? You know this sister has not been coming. You know this brother has not been coming. Do you take interest? How are you? What is your condition? You missed church today. Are you fine? or you reach out to them where they are. So travel being concerned about your brother being your brother's keeper. It is Kane who said I'm not my brother's keeper. But we are not Kane in the name of Abraham was concerned about Lot. How about you? Are you concerned about your brother? Are you concerned about your sister? You know in church here many times we we have particular places we sit in now we look on this side where is my neighbor I don't know what happened maybe next Sunday she'll come have s travel for her brother why didn't you come to church what's happening to you if you have a challenge let me commute you in the prayer praise the name of our lord so be concerned about that one. I heard that the brother had a problem at a place of work. I know that a sister has a problem at our home. All the children are see this kind of trouble. See that you start with one another having a feeling for one another. Praise the name of so brother so travel for this brother. And then he cried to the Lord, "Lord have mercy." And then he said, "And just then the serpent turned to me when I said that and looked at me again, you know what sin likes, what Satan likes is to allow that person to completely get lost." Praise the name of our Lord. There is what brother Brham says. that there was a condition in the church and then one brother said let that rasco go. We are tired of him. That's a bad condition. Praise the name of the Lord. Let us be concerned who has not come to church today. Maybe there's a problem. Brother, I'm calling you. I want to find out what has happened to you. Sister, I'm calling you. I want to find out what has happened to you. Take an initiative. Praise the name of our Lord. Bisting one another. Take interest praying for one another. How will you pray for somebody if you don't know so much about them? You have no burden, no much feeling about them. So you cannot exactly address their need before God. But if you can visit them, our brother is in this condition. Our sister is in this condition. If you start interceding, Lord keep my brother. Lord deliver my brother. Lord set him free. We need to have soul traveled. Praise the name of our Lord. Like when the king had that Daniel, let us go to the book of Daniel. We shall come back to this spot. Praise the name of our Lord. When the king had about Daniel that his enemies had made sure that they put him in the lion's den in Daniel 6 verse 16. Okay, let us start from D from Daniel chapter 6 verse14. Then the king when he heard these words was so displeased with himself and set his heart on Daniel to deliver him and he labored till the going down of the sun to deliver him. [Music] You know, because there was a law that anybody who doesn't worship the king, he should be thrown in the lion's den. And here they find Daniel praying to God. And they had put that law to catch Daniel. So now the king comes to knowledge. They made him sign things he didn't understand. And now they are forcing him. Put Daniel in the lion's den. And the Bible says the king labored. There are some things you can try to do in the physical. But as much as you try, you can't go through. Until it was coming to the close of the day. Then the enemies of Daniel came to the king and told him, "No, oh king. The law of medicine and patience does not change." Then the king commanded that Daniel is put in the lion's den. Now you see the king, he said, "Then the king spoke to Daniel." Verse 16, "Thy God though serveth continually, he will deliver you. Praise the name of our Lord. Thy God you serve continually will deliver you. That was the confession of the king. But this king stop at that. We went and visited the brother. We gave him some we prayed for. I think he will be well. The rest of the week you have not called to find out how the brother that was not the king. He knew God will deliver demonstrate what he believed. That night there was no music in the palace. That night there were no wine in the palace. The palace was in a sorrowful mood. There was a soul travel in these musicians maybe had come to show their talents. They told them the king is in praying and fasting. So every instrument was shut, every winary place was shut, everything. They said the king is interceding for Daniel. Praise the name of our Lord. And then the Bible says in verse 18, then the king went to his palace and passed the night fasting. Neither were their instruments of music brought before him, and his sleep went from him. All his mind was on Daniel. Saul traveled. Praise the name of the Lord. We need to have the same thing for one another. You know the brother has a problem. Get into a soul, travel for that brother. You know there's a challenge at your home. Get into a soul travel for that challenge. Lord, come in this. Come and change the condition. Come and change the situation. Come and deliver. The Bible says the king took the whole night fasting, no music, no wine, no nothing pleased us. Even there was no sleep. The whole night was interceding. Lord be gracious. Lord be merciful. Like Jacob when he was going to meet Esau went into s traffic. He was afraid to meet his brother the whole night. He was calling on the name of the Lord. Jesus told me to go back. Now my children are ahead of me. My wealth is ahead of me. My resources are ahead of me. I don't know if they are going to be safe because he divided these things in groups. He said if finds the rest and kills them maybe this one will be safe. Then for him he came last but this time he had to wrestle with the angel of God. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to have such personal time presenting an issue before God. This is something that has troubled me for now. I can no longer hold it anymore. Like Hannah, she was barren. Praise the name of the Lord. And many years she was without a child. until one day the co wife provoked her and said I can't go back home I'm going to be at the temple she went into soul travel said Lord you promise praise the name of said Lord give me a child give me a child praise the name of the Lord so praise the name of the Lord we to also have soul travel for the salvation of the people around. We need to have soul travation of our children. We need to have soul tra for the salvation of our parents. We need to have soul travel for one another. Praise the name of you know the king spent the whole night praying and fasting. Nothing was pleased before him. Praise the name of the Lord. Nothing pleasant at all. And when the morning came, the king just rain and he went to the lion's den and cried out, "Oh Daniel, the Bible says in a lamentable voice, are you safe?" Praise the name of our Lord. And God had answered the king. Praise the name of us. I believe God will answer our prayers when we can go into soul travel for one another whereby you go and pick the brother. This my brother he was deceived. This my brother was taken away from church. This my brother was bound with a stress. Now he is back with us. Praise the name of we need to have soul travel and not condemn somebody that one now that one can never come back as long as still alive travail for him. Keep him in your prayers. Say Lord I intercede for my Lord I intercede for myself. Lord I intercede for my family. And then see the goodness of the Lord coming. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to have a soul travel. You are having that burden in one another. Praise the name of you know as a true Christian. You have the Holy Spirit and the Holy Spirit travails. Praise the name of the Holy Spirit travails. He causes us to travail interceding for one another. Lord be gracious in this be merciful in this. Come down and help us. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us go back to that message. Praise the name of the Lord. And then he said, "And just the serpent turned when I said that and looked at me. And a voice came from above and said, "You have been given power to bind him or the worst or any." And I said, "Well, God, what must I do? What can we do about the sin affecting my brother? What can we do about the sin affecting our family? What can we do about the sin affecting our friends? And God said, "There is one thing you must do. You must be more sincere. You must be more sincere. Praise the name of the Lord. Sincerity, full obedience to the word of God. Yourself given into the word of God. The word you've heard is alive in your life. It has the power of transformation. Until you have the mind of God, what you speak can come to pass. Praise the name of because that's the church Christ is coming. He's coming for a church without spot, no wrinkle, no blemish. Praise the name of God. That's the condition he wants us in. the condition of being more sincere. Praise the name of our Lord. Then he says, "And when the voice had said, paragraph 73, you must be more sincere on what you are to do this." Then it left me. I was standing in the room. Praise the name of our Lord. And then now I said Lord in this case of emergency right now before your spirit leaves me I don't know what to do then paragraph 76 and I took the Bible and just pulled it open like that and lay my thumb laying on first Corinthians chapter 5. Let us go and read that scripture. 1 Corinthians chapter 5 and then we can pick verse seven and verse 8. The Bible says, "Put out there for the old leaven that you may be a new lamp as you are unleavened. For even Christ our Passover is sacrificed for us. Now stood for sin le. So he says p out the old leaven that you may have the new lamp. you know without leaven. So even Christ our Passover is he sacrificed for us. So he's telling us how we can get rid of leaven. Bring your weakness under the blood of Jesus. Confess your fault. Lord have mercy upon you. Lord forgive me. Lord purify you. Bring your weaknesses in the blood of Jesus. Walk under the blood of Jesus that you may be a new lamp without any leaven as the bride of Jesus Christ. And then he says in verse 8, "Therefore let us keep the feast, not with old leaven, neither with the leaven of malice and wickedness, but with the unleaven bride, sincerity and truth." Now this is what the spirit was telling brother brother you must be more sincere. Praise the name of our lord. You must be more sincere yourself if you are going to help somebody. You know the Bible says that a thief cannot go into a strong man's house and steal anything if he can't bind him now. How about you now? If for you are bound, how will you set free another one? You are in chains, chains of lies, chains of how you loen someone who is also in the same. So you see that your chains are broken and when your chains are broken, you need to be energized to go and help another person. Praise the name of God. So he says, "Have the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth." Praise the name of God. That's the life we are meant to live. And when you live a life that is right before God, praise the name of God, nothing shall stand against your prayer. Praise the name of God. You have the power to release the you have the power to set the captives. Praise the name of God. You can speak it like brother was told. Bind it. Jesus told Peter, "Whatever you bind on earth shall be bound in heaven. Whatever you lose on earth shall be lo in heaven." But who does that? God in you. Praise the name of God. That should be our desire. Lord, let it be no longer be my mind, but let it be your mind working in me through the obedience of the word. Then you can tell I need to bind this. Praise the name of like Peter and John. Every time they were passing at that gate beautiful and that man was there already something years there but by the spirit of God he looked at this man and he said give me and you can't give what you don't have. Praise the name of God. You can't deliver when you're bound. So they told him silver and gold we don't have but such as we have in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Rise up. Praise the name of there was power in them. They had the ability to release the person. We have also been given the same power. But how does it work in obedience to the word? Be more sincere. Be obedient to the word of the mind of God and then you will see yourself bringing many people to salvation testifying that when you testify the way the Bible says that whatever would speak whatever could speak it would come to pass. That's the same thing when we have the spirit of God working freely in us. It's no longer my mind. You're not doing something to be seen. Ah, he can do this like now in the Pentecostals. The big man, the powerful man of God has come. When the powerful man come, he goes back back with his power not like that. Praise the name of but a power to transform. Praise the name of. So in the message the paradox, brotherham says and I took the Bible and I pulled it open paragraph 76 and then he said when you come I was planning to take a fast to the Lord and I told him I would go out and fast. I'm saying when you come to this feast which a fast is a feast a feast in the body is a feast with the Lord. Praise the name of Lord. Very interesting. You take time to pray and fast before the Lord. So we can have many parties or we can have many feasts. without money without price. Praise the name of you can have a feast very glorious even if you don't have money a feast with the Lord waiting on the Lord praying unto the Lord seeking the face of the Lord. Praise the name of God. So we need to see that we have soul travail the salvation of the people that they may turn unto the Lord. Now the challenge we have nowadays, do we have task masters? Task masters. Let us go to Exodus as I try to finish. Exodus chapter one and then verse 11 verse4. Exodus 1 verse 11 to verse 14. The scripture says, "Therefore they did set over them task masters to afflict them with their burdens, and they built for far treasure cities, Pithon, and Ramsees. But the more they afflicted them, the more they multiplied and grew and they grew. They were grieved because of the children of Israel. And the Egyptians made the children of Israel to serve with rigor. Verse 13. And they made their lives bitter with hard bondage in motor and in brick and in all manner of services in the field all their service wherein they made themsel with rigor. Praise the name of our Lord. We also have task masters. Task masters. And the task master of today is covetousness. Ah, let us go to Luke 12. He says, "And one of the companies said unto him, Master, speak to my brother that he divide the inheritance with me." Luke 12:3. And he said unto him, "Man, who has made me a judge or a divider over you?" And he said unto them, "Take heed. Be aware of covetousness. For a man's life consists not in the abundancy of the things which he possesses. Taskmaster. I want to get this. I want to get this task master until there is no time for God. You come back home, you are too tired, no time to pray, no time to read your Bible, no time to read your message book. Even the time you come home is late. Sometimes even food you have no appetite. Just lie on bed. Wake up early in the morning back again. You are getting into this credit system. Task masters. Endless chase. endless. You struggle and you get I was reading an article. I think it was one of the presses in the US and they wrote and these were kind of people secular not even religious. They said a person struggles to get a million dollar. Now when he gets a million, he says, "No, I wish I had two." Now he's got a million dollar, but one is not enough. Then when he gets two, two is not enough. I need to get five. When he gets five, now I need to get 10. Then he says, "Now I'm in the class of maybe million dollars or whateveries. You may be a million dollar, but then those million dollar million says this one with a billion." And then there are those who are called super rich like the richest man in Africa. I was watching his interview. And then they asked him a question what thing do you think you've done? And you were like then he said you know I struggle to get here. He said that one day he went and told his accountant, he told him, "You go and withdraw $5 million a million dollar from the bank cash. You know dollars they end up to 100. So to get 10,000 you need 1,00 you need maybe 100. So now you see how many bundles were there. So they brought them and put them on his table. He touched them and this is the things he was disturbing us. Then he told accountant take it back to the bank endless chess task masters. He said be aware of because it takes all your time. If you are plowing a quarter acre, you find next season let me work out to get half an acre. I wish I would get an acre. I said now at least have a big garden. Now when you pass around plantations, I use a hand sprinkler to get my crops and I need to get those overhead sprinklers work. You are working to be like but those are generations of hard work. This is a grand great grandchild. But then you want to be like him. Beware of coetous. Praise the name of Lord. Like when we talk about eating, how much time do you spend in a day eating? You look at the time you spend in breakfast. Maybe 20 minutes or 30 minutes. Lunch time maybe 30 minutes or 1 hour evening maybe one for 30 minutes or 1 hour you are feeding this body and the Bible says man shall not live by bread but by every word out of the mouth and Jesus told his disciples you can't even watch with me for one hour how much Time are you watching with him? 5 minutes in the morning, one minute during lunch time to pray. 30 30 seconds because you are fearing poison and sometimes even your eyes are not closed because you fear somebody's going to put their poison in your phone. So 10 seconds prayer. second then in the evening you are tired 1 second or 1 minute you're afraid of thieves who come at night that can come into your house oh God protect us this night in Jesus name we pray go to sleep task masters not even one hour the whole day to the Lord are Are you feeding spiritually? You're not feeding. But you see the time you spent in the rest of the thing. And how much time have you spent? And you know the Bible says Christ is the chief shepherd and the bishop of our souls. How much time have you spent with him? Not even an hour to watch with him. Not even beware of covetousness. Praise the name of our Lord. We need to take time into soul travel. Take time. Wait on the Lord. Take time. Read your Bible. Take time. Be obedient to the word. Dedicate yourself to the cause of Christ. Pray for one another. Find out who has not come to church. Be your friend. Be concerned. Brother, you've not been coming since you've not been coming to church. What could be your problem? Let us be one another's keeper. Praise the name of God. Let us be concerned about each other. Praise the name of God. We need to have soul tra. Praise the name of God. But my time has run out. Praise the name of But we have more three services. Praise the name of talking about going to win souls. We shall talk about you must prophesy again the ministry God has given us in this end time. Tell the people about the prophet. Tell the people the things that have come to pass in this day. This thing was prophesied. It has come to pass here. Tell them. We're not living in the darkness. The testimony of your mouth. the things God has done in your life, where God has taken you from. Praise the name of Lord. May God bless you so much. Amen. Amen. We have the afternoon service for the youth which will start at 3. Praise the name of our Lord. Let us sing that song. They come from the east and the west. Song leader comes. Praise the name of our Lord. They come from the east and west. [Music] They come from the land of to the king of thy is. How blessed is great. The Lord in his power face as came to the light [Music] so his grace in his shine. Since Jesus, since Jesus set me free, I'm happy as a heart can be. Now longer I bear those burdens of care is your sing to me. Oh my soul was as black as we thank God for the darkness has taken fire. Oh now I shout the victory for Jesus set me free. Oh, I look on the great white thior. [Music] has gone before just prepared away for me. All will make to no more through time or eternal ro Jesus is Jesus. I'm happy as a can. I might say to me was as black as night. I thank God for the darkness. I shall the victory. Oh Jesus. Set me free. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, the way we is Jesus is Jesus. Heat. Heat. Nobody is so sweet to me. My soul was as dark as the darkness of glory. Oh Jesus. [Music] Oh Jesus is coming soon. Joy is when he comes when I glory God will be my Jesus. as I see me. Oh, I'm happy. [Music] to me where my soul was for the darkness. I know I shout the victory. Oh Jesus save me. Oh, is Jesus Jesus? Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Never darkness fly. Oh my sh Jesus set me free. We thank you Jesus for setting us free. Heavenly Father, we thank you Lord for breaking those from hold master. Breaking those chains loving Jesus that had Father that had get a hold of us Lord in the world father but Lord you being the God who is rich in mercy. Father you stepped down to the lowest level and heavenly father you provided salvation and our souls. Lord, you embodied [Music] Jesus. By the grace of God, we go, Father, now we go as a free people. Heavenly Father, having no burdens to bear, having no burden, Lord, we thank you for setting us free. Father, oh Jesus, we thank you father for passing all our ways father this day this father is going on that you spoken for us heavenly father and told us that Jesus the word go father that heaven in the name of our lord Jesus we have to get in the soul heaven father so cry for our brothers our sisters, those whom the devil have still got their hold of father in the world. We pray heaven father that you always bring mercy and ask the scripture says father your hand is not showing all that it can heavenly father we pray that reach out your hand and your people reach out your hand father and Jesus we pray heavenly father oh use the lord use us heavenly father as your chosen present lord Oh Jesus as your instrument [Music] that we should be the father in this world in the best grace of God is our prayer and give us wisdom. Give us understanding Lord. Give us father praising God. When we start witnessing God, we should speak and respect [Music] you all as their Lord and Savior. Loving Jesus. We say no. Father in the Lord Jesus stand with us heaven father give us a grace oh to make the father give us a grace father of the Lord Jesus have mercy upon us father we thank you for your servant Lord and the word that you put upon his heart father is our prayer let this word not go for it master Lord let it flow Lord in our souls that put on faith father let it have impact in our lives. We thank you Lord. We appreciate you father in Jesus name. Thank you father. Thank you father. Amen. Oh let me be Lord. Let me be a witness. Let me stand by. Oh, let me see my full manifestation. Oh, your love and power. Oh, who you are. Oh, let me be your witness. [Music] Oh, let me be. Oh, let me be a witness. Oh, let me stand by and let me see [Music] my power. Oh, you are. Oh, let me be a witness. Amen. Come to the end of the service, the first service, the youth. We shall meet by three. Amen. Amen. As we get outside, give me that song which says, "May my life be a stepping stone. [Music] I have to get outside. My life down here stepping stone for them. Who may they not see me but Christ living in me? Let me spend more time on my knees in praying before you close the door as you did in time. Oh, may my life da be a stepping stone for thee. Oh, may they not see me but Christ living in me. Help [Music] me spend more time on my knees in prayer for them. Before you close the door, I believe. [Music] May my life, oh may my life down here be a stepping stone for thee. Oh may they not see me but Christ living in me. Oh, help me spend more time on my knees in prayer for them before you close the door like the no. Just say the right one. that to us will be giving. [Music] Just approaching with attitude [Music] to have save. [Music] [Music] na.
