################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-28 - Worship - Where Did God Choose To Meet With Man     Bro Talenga Wilson     28.05.2025 - Talenga Wilson.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-05-28
Title:   Worship - Where Did God Choose To Meet With Man  |   Bro Talenga Wilson |    28.05.2025
Speaker: Talenga Wilson
Church:  Inner Veil Ministries
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LNS659GkukY
========================================

[Music] Jesus for my cleansing. This I see nothing but the blood of Jesus. Oh my pardon this my plea. Nothing but the blood of Jes. Oh precious. Oh precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other fountain I know nothing but the blood of Jesus. [Music] Nothing can foresee not to nothing but the blood of Jesus. Lord of good that I have done nothing but the blood of Jes. Oh precious, oh precious is the flow that makes me white as snow. No other fountain. I know nothing but the blood of [Music] Jesus. Let us sing that song as we prepare to talk to the Lord. Song number 113. Leave it there. If the word from you withhold of its silver and its gold and you have to get along with a major f just remember in his world how he feeds the little bird. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your balance to the Lord and leave it there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. If your body suffers pain and your health you can't regain and your soul is almost seeking in despair. Jesus knows the pain you feel. He can save and he can heal. Take your burdens to the Lord. Just leave it there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your bings to the Lord and leave it. Just if you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it. Just leave them there. Leave it there. Leave it there. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it [Music] there. If you trust and never doubt, he will surely bring you out. Take your burdens to the Lord and leave it there. Start to speak to the Lord. Start to talk to him. Lord Jesus, we thank you for your grace. Lord, you've given us unto us, Lord, to come into your presence, Lord. You said, Father, where two or three are gathered in your name, you've been in their means, Lord. We are more than three, Lord Jesus. And we are calling upon your name, Lord. We've not come to converse, Lord. We've not come to visit one another, Lord Jesus, or to look at a frame, Lord. But we've come, Lord Jesus, to obtain favor, Lord. We have come in the throne of mercy. We've come with boldness, Lord, to hear, Father, Lord Jesus, what you have in record to us, Lord. We pray Lord Jesus as you speak to us Lord may you help us Lord that you may give us the spirit of hearing that we may have the ear of the spirit Lord as the Bible says who has he that has an ear let him hear what the spirit says to the church not what a man says but what the spirit says to the church and father you said I sent you Elijah the prophet and we are so glad Lord to have the man of God to have the prophet of the hour Lord and We have Lord Jesus on top of that we have the five-fold ministry Lord Jesus our pastors Lord God they labor Father every time to see that they maintain the walk of Jesus we maintain the Christian life Lord in our lives Lord Jesus I pray father Lord God as we meditate upon your word as we wait upon your life Lord Jesus help us Lord Jesus that we may live Lord Jesus better than what we were Lord that we may know father Lord Jesus you Lord Lord and the life father you lived Lord Jesus that we may have an example Lord because you are set Lord for an example Lord Jesus that we may look and live that we may look at Jesus and live that's why we sing and say to be like Jesus to be like him Lord on earth we long Lord Jesus to walk in this father temptations Lord of the devil to be like Jesus walking like Christ is Lord because he said I pray for these Lord you keep them not to remove them from the world but to keep them in this world. I pray Lord Jesus as the Lord has desired us to stay in this world in a full of father Lord Jesus Lord God abominations Lord even Lord Jesus full of unbelief Lord in the midst of darkness Lord you've put us Lord that we may shine Lord that we may put Father Lord Jesus the gospel of God on the shining grounds Lord we pray Lord Jesus if there is something Lord lacking in our lives help us Lord and reveal it Lord until Lord Jesus, everything Lord Jesus Christ in our life responds Lord to the very word of God to every word Lord Jesus because your word is alive and your word is settled in heaven. Oh Lord Jesus that's why we say Lord hallowed be thy name thy will be done in this earth Lord as it is done in heaven Lord we thank you Lord we give you glory and honor in the mighty name of our Lord Jesus Christ Lord we pray. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. We thank you, Jesus, for your grace. We thank you, Father, for the opportunity you've given us, Lord, to be part of this heavenly vision. Lord, we thank you, Lord. [Music] Redeem. [Music] Redeem. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeem. Redeem. His child and for revived. I'm redeemed. Redeem. Redeemed. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeemed. Redeemed. Christ out. And for reived. I am redeemed. I'm redeemed. Redeemed. Redeemed. I'm redeemed. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeemed. Redeem, redeem his child and forever I am. First verse. Redeem how I love to proclaim. Oh redeemed by the blood of the lamb. through his infinite mercy his child and forever. I am redeemed. Redeemed I'm redeemed. Redeemed. I'm redeemed. Redeemed by the blood of the blood of redeemed. Oh redeemed. his child and forever I am. Oh redeemed I'm so happy in Jesu which my rapture come. Oh I know that the night of his grave. Oh, with me that's gone till I I am redeemed. Redeemed. Oh, redeemed. Redeemed by the blood. I am redeemed. Redeemed. Oh, redeemed. for his child and forever I am. Precious loving heavenly father, how we are so grateful for the blood of Jesus Christ, the lamb that was offered for our sins. Redeem us, oh God, and make us holy. Father blemish. How we are so grateful God that your child died to take away all our sin. And precious father for tonight. Lord bring ourselves into that blood that that blood may cover all our sins and mistakes and cleanse us from all weaknesses. that we may be presented worthy before your presence. Lord, even as father we come into the ministration of thy word, may that word continue to minister grace onto our hearts that precious father we may surely feel your presence in our midst. God, I take this word I'm going to read and present it unto you that Father you may use it to elevate us Father in our spiritual walk that precious Lord. May father do the reading of thy word that you may do the reading of thy word and may also do the interpretation of your word that father we may come into the same mind of Jesus Christ like it's written let let this mind be in you as it was also Jesus Christ as we take up thy word tonight May this father as it was in Jesus Christ. We pray heavenly father that you may lead us all through their service. Bless our hearts. Heal those that are sick. Strengthen those that are wearing. Father, give us hope for tomorrow. We love you and we thank you. in the most precious name we pray. Amen. Amen. May God bless you. Great to be here tonight. Amen. Amen. I want to appreciate God who has enabled each one of us to come and be part of the fellowship. Amen. Amen. And I appreciate the presence of our pastor. Amen. Amen. So it's always unusual. Feels unusual. It always feels unusual to stand before you. It's not a usual thing or a common thing. Always stand before the congregation. Amen. Amen. That's why I keep asking you to keep us in prayer as we minister with my brother. Amen. Amen. I believe that the Lord will use us. We pray that the Lord We believe that the Lord will use us. to speak to your hearts tonight. Let's turn to Deuteronomy 12 and read from verse one to verse two. These are the statutes and judgments which ye shall observe to do in the land, which the Lord God of thy fathers of thy fathers giveth thee to possess it all the days that you live upon the earth. You shall utterly destroy all the places where in the nations which you shall possess served their gods upon the high mountains and upon the hills and under every green tree. Okay. Verse two [Music] says, Fore! Foreign! Foreign! Verse. 10 But when you go over Jordan and dwell in the land which the Lord your God giveth giveth you to inherit, and when he giveth you rest from all your enemies round about so so that you shall dwell safe in safety. [Music] Then there shall be a place which the Lord your God shall choose to cause his name to dwell there. There shall you bring all that I command you, your burnt offerings and your sacrifices, your tithes, and the heave offering of your hand, and all your choice bowls which you vote unto the Lord. No, no, May the Lord bless his word. We may get seated. Amen. Amen. So for a title tonight, I want to speak on worship. Where did God choose man? Where did God where did God choose to meet with man? Praise the Lord. where in the book of Deuteronomy in verse 11, the Bible has said, you see, God was giving them instructions, what they have to do, when they reach in Canaan, when they possess the promised land, what were they going to do? Praise the Lord. Because we know that the purpose of their movement, why God moved them from Egypt, he wanted them to worship him. He wanted to have fellowship with them. Praise the Lord. So now where in the book of Deuteronomy when he spoke to them, he told them when you go over Jordan and dwell in the land which the Lord your God gives you to inherit. And when he gives you rest from all your enemies round about you so that you dwell in safety, Then he said, "Then there shall be a place which the Lord your God shall choose to cause his name to dwell there." While he had given them the entire land, he was specific. He never asked them to get a place to worship him. Praise the Lord. He never said you go and set up a place for me to worship. But he said when you get there, when you are free from your enemies, in other words, when you have overcome, he said, then there shall be a place. In other words, I shall give you a place. He says, "Which the Lord your God shall choose to cause his name to dwell there." And he says, "There shall you bring all that I command you." And then he begins to tell them what they ought to bring in that place. And in verse 12, "And you shall rejoice before the Lord your God, He and your sons and your daughters and your men servants and your maid servants and the Levite within your gates. as much as he hath no part nor inheritance with you. Take heed to thyself that thou offer not thy burnt offerings in every place that thou seeest. So he has a specific place that he was choosing. He had chosen a place and so he was giving them instructions. As much as you are free from your enemies, as much as I have called you to worship me, you're not going to worship me according to your own desires. These are the instructions that I give unto you to follow. as you come to worship me. So he says you shall not go to any place that you see. You shall not offer your burnt offerings in every place that thou seeest in the place which the Lord shall choose in one of thy tribes. There thou shalt offer thy burnt offerings. There thou shalt do all that I command thee? It had to be a specific place. So now which place did God choose for man to worship him? Let's turn over Deuteronomy chapter 16 verse one and two. He says, "Observe the month of Abib," that's the month of April, "and keep the Passover unto the Lord thy God. For in the month of the Lord thy God brought thee forth out of Egypt by night, Thou shalt therefore sacrifice the Passover unto the Lord thy God, one of the flock and the heart in the place which the Lord shall choose to place his name there. He was very specific even for the [Music] Passover. You shall not make these sacrifices in every place that thou seeest. But even for the Passover, thou shalt sacrifice only in the place which the Lord shall choose to place his name there. He had to choose a place for them to meet him. Praise the Lord. Ask them to choose for themselves. but he chose a place for them. He said he would place his name there. So that place would not only be a place of worship, it would also bear the name of the Lord to identify the person of God. So he instituted these spiritual events in the Bible. He instituted spiritual events. And then there were days dedicated to worship to commemorate their victories. But in there he said he would choose a place Praise the Lord. And then the people would come to that place, worship him, offer thanksgiving, offerings, and the rest of them. In the Bible, right from the beginning, God has always had a special place that he chooses. Rather he gives instruction on the mode and order of worship. Praise the Lord. We have seen that worship even in the Old Testament was not done in every place. But there was a special place that God chose for people to meet and worship him there. Let me quote in the message God is chosen place of worship. The prophet makes a statement and says, "Now God told them when they before they established the temple and whatever they did, I will choose the place of my worship and I will put my name in it." And that's the only place that God would ever meet anybody was by his own choosing was by his own choosing. He chose his place. And where he chose his place, he put his name. Praise the Lord. He would put his name in the place. He would put his name in the place that he had chosen for people to worship him in. Not any other place. Has always been specific on where to meet him. Praise the Lord. He has always been specific on where and how man would meet him. Let's get over to the temple of Solomon. The temple that Solomon built for the Lord. God gave instructions. He was very specific on how this temple would be built because it was the temple of the Lord. where the ark of the Lord would be kept. And when he was giving instructions, he had three courts that he specified that this temple would be comprised of. Praise the Lord. And he gave the measurements of each. Praise the Lord. And now there were the there was the first court. which was the outer court. And then there was the middle court, the second court. And then there was the the innermost court, which was the holy of holies. And each of the three courts were for a purpose. But the purpose of it all, praise the Lord, was for the people to meet God there and have fellowship with him. Praise the Lord. But then these three courts, you know, it was an event once in a year that the people often gathered to bring their sins. Praise the Lord. And so they would bring their sins and the high priests would enter into the innermost court, accept the the petitions of the people. Praise the Lord. Now the purpose of this event was to make the people repent of their sins and reconcile with God so they could continue to have fellowship with him without sin. Praise the Lord. But I want us to keep in mind that all these things Right from where we read from Deuteronomy that they are a shadow of something that was to come. Praise the Lord. Remember God had chosen a place for himself. And he said, "I will put my name there." And then when he speaks to David about the temple, praise the Lord, he gives clear instructions. Then when Solomon came to build the temple, follow the instructions that God had given. And Solomon was very careful to keep every letter of the words of the instructions that God had given. So now when he con he constructed the entire temple. Now there was the three courts that I talked about there are three distinct courts each serving a specific purpose. Praise the Lord. You can find it in the book of 2 Coronicles. this 2 Coronicles. Praise the Lord. The first five or seven chapters. Praise the Lord. The first court which the Bible calls the outer court. Here the people gathered. All the people gathered. All walks of life. Whoever was convicted of [Music] sin, whoever wanted to have freedom to worship, whoever wanted to have fellowship with God came to that place. Why? Because it was a place where they would carry all their sacrifices. the sacrifices that would be killed and sacrificed for their sins. Praise the Lord. And they gathered all at the outer court and the people waited there. Then they brought their offerings. They brought their sacrifices. In the book of Leviticus, the Bible talks about this that if a man is convicted of sin, he shall bring a a bullock. Praise the Lord. And then he would give to be offered for his sins. But it was a free will. People had been driven by a free will. Whoevers, let him come. Whoever wants to be reconciled, let him come. Whoever wants to be forgiven of their sins, let him come. That was the message. Praise the Lord. So, it had to take you to believe that message. feel the conviction. You they could not drag you to come there. You had to be by yourself in the outer court. So they came and gathered outside there. And now when they gathered there, carried along their sacrifices because each one had to carry a sacrifice. to die for their sins. Praise the Lord. And now when they were there, the priests gathered, the priests gathered in the middle court to receive the sacrifices of their people to receive the offering, the sin offerings of their people. So the people kept at the outer court. Praise the Lord. The Bible tells us in the book of Revelation 20:17 spirit and the bride say come. And let him that heareth say come. And let him that is a thirst come. You had to take a thirst for righteousness. It had to take a thirst to worship to come with the offering. Praise the Lord. So they came and gave to the priests. The Bible says whosoever will self will whoever hearth the word and is convicted of sin, let him come. Praise the Lord, that it was provided [Music] for in their day. But whoever wills, let him come. Let him take the water of life freely. So now we notice it was in the outer court. They accepted the call. They came because they were convicted. They wanted to live right. Praise the Lord. Maybe they had not heard of eternal life yet conviction for sin. They wanted to live right. So they gathered out there self-driven with a desire for righteousness, sighing in their hearts because they felt they were unworthy even to enter into the second place yet they desire to worship God in. So they came to offload their sins. and make confessions there upon their sacrifices. So this was a place of justification because whoever accepted they came and whoever came he offered his sin offering. mercy over their sin offering. They have accepted that they are sinners and they need to be redeemed. Praise the Lord. So now they came to present themselves. Whoever wills, let him come and take of this living water freely. A point of justification. Whoever believes, praise the Lord, whoever believes, John 3:16, God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son. Whoever believes in him, whoever believes on him shall not perish shall have everlasting life. Shall be saved from death. Praise the Lord. So when you believe, you are justified. But you are not compelled to believe. It has to be a selfwill. Why? Because you need to be cleansed. You have recognized that you're a sinner and you need to be cleansed. You have accepted the invitation to be set free. So they believed and they came there. Here comes the second court in the inner court. And in the inner court, priests made sacrifices and burnt incense. While the people stood out in the outer court, witnessing the offering of their sacrifices for sin. So the priests offered the sacrifices and they pou the blood upon the altar. Praise the Lord for the washing of sin for the cleansing of sin. Praise the Lord. And intercessions were made from there as the people waited in the outer court. So now the cleansing, praise the Lord, was done in the middle court because they kept pouring this blood upon the altar. They pour the blood upon the altar. Praise the Lord. The blood of the sin offerings, the blood of the offerings of those that have brought them to be offered for their sins. And so now the middle court, there was a veil that separated the middle court from the inner the innermost court. And now the priest's work was to make these sacrifices and burnt incense and they were not allowed to enter into the innermost court. Because the innermost court was reserved only for the high priest because it was the holy of holies. It was the most sacred place of the tabernacle. So now we see two things here. We have seen the outer court and the middle court. All these were visible. The outer court the people were there and now the person that is coming to the middle court had to pass through the middle court from the outer court the middle court. Now in the innermost court there was only one door. And it was all covered protected by the cherubim and only the high priest was allowed to enter in there. Praise the Lord. And the says he entered there once in a year. People's petitions before God. Praise the Lord. So now the first court and the second court are visible but in the innermost courted from the rest of the people it is a sacred place. Praise the Lord. Only the high priest entered in there. Praise the living God. And now in there was the ark of the covenant which contain the tablets of the law and Aaron's ro and a jar of mana and God is shak glory dealt above the master seat. Praise the Lord. And around it was a curtain that separated the holy place from the holy of holies. Praise the Lord. And now in there each time the priest went the people waited from outside. They were waiting to see if God would accept their petitions or not. And they could not settle until the high priest came back because if he didn't come back, it would mean their sins have not been forgiven. So in all this we have seen that when God was giving instructions he reserved a most sacred place for himself. He provided for the outer court and then he provided for the middle court and so the rest of the people and priest ended in the middle court. But then there is this most sacred place in the holy of holies which was reserved only for God and the high priest. Praise the Lord. It was reserved for God. That's why when he was giving instruction he said I'll tell you where to go and worship me. set myself a place and in there I will put my name. Praise the Lord. And that's where you will meet me. So now in the Old Testament that was a shadow of something that was to come. So we still see that the three courts that comprise this temple Praise the Lord. Make up the temple of Solomon. We are all a shadow of something. Praise the Lord. Shadows of God's place of worship. A place that God would choose to meet man and be worshiped. Praise the Lord. And I want to say this that the three courts also represent Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord. Because now we have noticed that there were three courts and the first court which was the outer court, we all gathered there. We all brought our burdens there. In other words, each time we accepted to go there, it was the first symbol that we have accepted the message of redemption. So our sins would be forgiven. That is the point of of justification. Yes. Praise the Lord. And then in the middle court sacrifices blood is poured upon the altar. And what is the blood for? The blood is for sanctification. Praise the Lord. Then there is a reserved place which was full of life. The life of God himself. That's why when Aaron left his stick there, it received life and in that third place in the holy of holies was the life of God himself. And the Bible says there was the shakina glory there. The glory of God was in there. Praise the Lord. So now the three courts which represent justification the outer court sanctification in the middle court life eternal life the life of Christ himself which represents the baptism of the Holy Spirit. So now it represents the walk from justification, the receiving of the Holy Spirit. And now there is no way you would enter into the Holy of Holies unless you have been washed. Praise the Lord. And how are we washed? We are washed by the waters. Praise the Lord. There is a scripture that talks about that. I can get it here. Praise the Lord. I think it's in it's in the book of Ephesians 5 26. That he may sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word. Okay. that he may sanctify and cleanse it with the washing of water by the word. Praise the Lord. Justification then in the middle court where blood was was offered upon the altar where blood was sprinkled upon the altar. It was for cleansing and it symbolizes sanctification. And we know that blood is for atonement, atonement for our sins according to Hebrews chapter 9 11. Praise the Lord. Christ being come and high priest of good things to come by a greater and more perfect tabernacle. 911 91 verse 19. For when Moses had spoken every precept to all the people according to the law, he took the blood of calves and of goats with water and scarlet wool and high and sprinkled both the book and all the people. [Music] [Music] saying, "This is the blood of of the testament which God has enjoined unto you. Moreover, he sprinkled with blood both the tabernacle and all the vessels of the ministry. Sorry. And almost all things are by the are by the law ped with blood. And without shedding of blood is no remission. So without blood there is no remission. So and in the middle court was blood poured upon the altar purpose of remitting the sins. But you know the Bible talks about it. The blood of bulls and goats could not remit people's sins. Could simply cover the sins. It was typing something that would come thereafter. And that was Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord. So now we've seen that the outer court, the middle court and the and the innermost court I typing the justific justification sanctification and then the Holy Spirit which is the life of God. Praise the Lord. And I want to say that these three also type the life of Jesus Christ. You see, when he died upon the cross, first of all, when he came, he gave us a message. He said, "Come, no man can see the father. No man can receive life. No man can enter into the holy of holies except he accepts my word. So in other words, he was standing in the door of the outer court, calling out the people to come to repentance. Praise the Lord. And then he would point the people to himself because he was the door to justification. And whoever believed him, they would be forgiven of their sins. And whoever believes him today is justified. Praise the Lord. You are justified when you believe on Jesus Christ because he stands at the door, the door to the tabernacle. That's why he says, "I am the door." He is the door to the tabernacle. You cannot enter into the middle court. You cannot enter into the middle court right now. You cannot enter through the middle court through the sanctification of your sins to be cleansed without passing through Jesus Christ. It has to be by Jesus Christ and through Jesus Christ get into the middle court where you receive the ministration of the word where the priests do the ministration of the word. Praise the Lord. Where they do the intercessions where there is intercessions for sin. Praise the living God. And so after you've entered through Jesus Christ by Jesus Christ's word, you now become a candidate to sanctification. Praise the Lord. Whoever wills let him come. So now you come and you accept him and then you go through him to the middle court. So without Jesus Christ there is no justification. The church cannot justify you of your sins. The priest, the pastor can not justify you of your sins. Your father, your mother cannot justify of your sins. Praise the Lord. They can all bring you to the word, but they cannot force you to accept and believe the word. It has to be a personal affair. You must accept the word. You must be selfdriven to believe the word. And when you believe the word, you're now a candidate to justification. For God so loved the world. have his only begotten son. Whoever believes, not whosoever heareth, who hear and believe, lives shall not die. You have been set aside. First over death. Now you get into the middle court. Still in the middle court. It has to be Jesus Christ. So when he died upon the cross, the Bible says when they came, the soldiers came and saw that he was dead. One of them got a spear. He got a spear and then he could not spear into his wounds. But he pierced him. And when he pierced him, praise the Lord, the Bible says two things came out. Blood and water. Praise the Lord. Water for for justification. When you believe and you're baptized, you shall be saved. So first you have believed Jesus Christ to be the son of God to be the one who can take out your sins. The one who can atone for your sins desire to live a righteous life tired of the burden of sin. Then you come and accept him. And then when you're baptized in water, praise the Lord. Bible says when you believe and you're baptized in the name of Jesus Christ, you shall be saved. So you are saved. All your sins, past sins have been remitted. Praise the Lord. You get into him. Praise the Lord. his blood because after the after water there was blood. That blood is for cleansing the Old Testament. The blood that was offered that that was poured upon the altar. It came from God's and and sheep and cows. But now that blood did not have the power to cleanse the sins of men. It only covered them. But then that blood was a shadow of Jesus Christ that would come to cleanse our sins once and for all. Now when you get into the middle court, you are still in Christ and then he begins to cleanse you to make you holy. That's why the calls it the holy court in the holy place. Praise the Lord. So you've been called to live in the holy place, not in the church, but in a holy place. Jesus Christ. Praise God. Not in a church building. You have been called to live in Christ. Because if it were if it were a church building, any place, any church that has been built out there, regardless of whether it was built by who, it would be a good place for worship. But remember in the Old Testament, God said, "You shall not worship me. Every place that you see has to be one place and that place has to be Jesus Christ and Christ alone. Praise the Lord. So when you in the middle court, his blood is applying. Praise the Lord. The priest kept applying the blood. He kept pouring the blood. Even when the high priest entered to the holy of holies. The priests here in the middle court could not stop continuous. Praise the Lord of sanctification. It's a continuous process. The blood keeps on cleansing us every day of our lives to make us holy to make us without any blemish. The blood cleanses us of our sins. Praise the Lord. And now after there, the priest was in there. But now the Bible has told us that we have Jesus Christ. Well, in the Old Testament, in the shadows that were to come, and now you know that a shadow, praise the Lord, comes from something that there is an object somewhere. Praise the Lord. So that object is casting a shadow upon the ground. And as the person comes closer to the light, The shadow keeps disappearing. And when you you come and you're indirect in the light and you're all surrounded by light, there shall be no shadow because the shadow has been swallowed up by the reality of the object. So as long as the Christ had not yet come, praise the Lord, those feasts had to be carried out and the high priest had to enter into the holy of holies. But when the reality of the tabernacle, when the reality of the feasts came, The Bible says when Jesus Christ came, he became the high priest himself so he could stand at the door to call out the people. Then he could move the people into the middle court. So it is Christ into the minister. It is Christy to the pastor ministering praise to the people. It has to be Christ ministering sanctification to the people. Praise the Lord because we are sanctified also by the word. Praise the Lord. the word Jesus Christ and there is no you can be sanctified without the word because it is in the word that you will know that you need to live right is the word that pes our conscience is the word that prunes us praise the Lord what is the word Jesus Christ is the word. Praise the Lord. It is him that justifies and it is him that sanctifies. He became the high priest. Praise the Lord. He entered from the middle court. He entered into the innermost court. But then the work the ministration in the middle court still continues to go on. Praise the Lord. Now when he entered in there, the Bible says he entered in there once and for all. Praise the Lord. became the manifestation of the life that was in the innermost court. The innermost court, the sha glory that was in there was a shadow of the glory of Christ himself. when he came in there. We don't need a high priest to go there for us. We need Jesus Christ himself. Praise the Lord. And now when he entered there, praise the Lord. The veil that was in the middle court, the veil was separating the middle court from the innermost court. It was cut into two praise. It had not be the high priest alone to enter there. to open the door for all of us to enter in there. In the Old Testament, it had been reserved only for the high priest. Only him came and he died with God. Only him came and worshiped God there. Only him he came and had fellowship with God there. When the reality of the high priesthood came, the shadow was cast away. Then he when he cut the veil, we all have access to [Music] him. Praise the Lord, we all have access to him. And the prophet says in the message Revelation 4, 1961. He says it's got three gates. It's got three gates. What are we doing? We are breaking down and says don't miss it. Coming from the flesh, the five senses to the next, the saw and the inner courts. But now you come into the heart. There is where you got pilgrim holiness and method stayed on the on that altar out there. You are in the courts. You are in the courts. You rather and so forth back in the flesh back there with the five senses. The eye can see and make out because the people could see the outer court and they could still see the middle court. There is only one court that they could not see. That is the there was only one place they could not see. It was the holy of holies. Praise the Lord. And now he has said here the three gates. So he has talked about the the first two which are physical and we can see them but in the me in the innermost court is a secret place. And what is that? Praise the Lord. And he says, "Then how do we get into this?" Remember, there was a veil, a veil that hangs between the holy and the holiest of holies. In the holiest of holies is where Christ comes to sit down on your heart's throne. Christ is enthroned. He comes through justification right sanctification and then by one water by one church by one creed by one spirit. From here we are all baptized in one into one body. which is the body of Christ. By what? By the Holy Spirit. Praise the Lord. We try to demonstrate here how we enter in there. And I want to say this that Christ is God's place of worship is the only place that God has provided for worship. Praise the Lord not in any denomination. Denominations try to create a place of worship. We have all been failing. And the only thing that can stand out is the thing that God has provided for. He gave us shadows in the Old Testament. God never gave anything and never came to pass. So now he provided a place. He said only in one place. Will you worship me? Not in a church. not in a denomination, not in any religious gathering. That's why it says you shall not go in any place that you see. Praise the Lord. Now we see that in the Old Testament. The only people that tried to force a common place according to their desire was Nimrod. When he forced the people to come together to build a town which was against the will of God. So while God provided one way to worship him, While God provided one way to worship him in the Old Testament, there was also a spirit that was creating an alternative to bring the people together. But God, he is a jealousy God. Praise the Lord. does not allow competition. That's why the Bible says you cannot dine on the table of mammons and also dine on the table of Jesus Christ. You have to choose one whom you shall serve and worship. Praise the Lord. So when tried to build a tower, it had to be destroyed. And the spirit of Nimrod is living in the world today. Praise the Lord. move that brings the people from all walks of life together and are trying to build a modernday babel. Praise the Lord, creating their own place of worship. pointing the people to themselves to manmade creeds and dogmas to teachings of the world instead of pointing them to Jesus Christ and the Bible calls them the spirit of antichrist. It is he who works against the word of God who is contrary to the teaching of the word who does not point the people Jesus Christ but points them to something else spirit that teaches that there are three gods and yet the Bible says there is only one God. And in the Old Testament when God was giving the law to Moses in the Ten Commandments, it says the Lord is one Lord and he shall serve only one God. And now what is the name of that God? Praise the Lord. Because in the Old Testament those are shadows. Now when we come the New Testament, Jesus comes even before he comes. Praise the Lord. God spoke about him in the Old Testament. He spoke to the prophets. He spoke to Isaiah's. Praise the Lord. He says, "A son shall be born. A son shall be given. His name shall be wonderful, prince of peace, mighty God, and all the governments shall be upon his shoulder. And now we see in the book of Matthew, God sent the angel Gabriel to bring the message. He says a son shall be born and his name shall be called Jesus. He was telling uh when he was telling Mary name shall be given to the son and his name shall be called Jesus. Praise the Lord. Because the angel had proclaimed that this son that was to be born called Emmanuel was to be interpreted God with us. In other words, the same son that was provided for in the book of Isaiah that would come into the world would be called a mighty God. He was now born by Mary after the pattern of the word of God. Born by man and woman was born after the pattern of the spoken word. And that son the Bible referred to as the mighty God, the prince of peace, the everlasting God and all the governments, all authority and be upon his shoulders. And when Jesus came, praise the Lord, and they asked him, who art thou? He would stand and say, "I am who I am." And when God had visited Moses in the burning bush to him, who art thou? And God says, "I am who I am, the God of the Old Testament, being the God in the New Testament." His name was Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord. And another place he would stand and say, "I and my father are one, no man has seen the father except he has seen me." Praise the Lord. Now in the book of Colossians, the Bible still says, Colossians chapter 2 around verse 9 to 10. It says the fullness, the fullness of the godhead is in Christ Jesus bodily. Praise the Lord. I feel Timothy would stand to say God was sin of angels. his throne coming down for what? To redeem man back to himself. Praise the Lord. Stand at the door and call the people to himself. Whoever wills, let him come. And now when he comes, he would open the door. And when he opened the door of his heart, Christ enters in. Praise the Lord. Christ would still say I and my father are one. Praise the Lord. You will still say I am alpha and omega. In the book of revelation when he was given the revelation to John, praise the Lord, I am alpha and omega, the beginning and the end. So if he would be the alpha and omega, if before him there was none. Praise the Lord. Before him there was none and after him there is none. So he's fulfilling the prophecy that Isaiah spoke about that he would be the everlasting God. That is the person Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord. All the shadows in the Old Testament talking about him, they were all titles. Praise the Lord. You would say, "I am who I am." But that's not a name. Praise the Lord. Now, there were seven, seven redemptive names. Jehovah Gyra, Jehovah Shoval of them. All of them were simply titles. But when the name was given, when the name was given to Mary, you shall call his name Jesus. Praise the Lord. And now it is by his blood that all our sins are remitted. Praise the Lord. It must be through Jesus Christ that we are able to enter into the holy of holies because himself. He did not only become the high priest, but he is at the same time the holy of holies. Praise the Lord. He who shines the sha glory upon us. with source of life. That's why he says come unto me give of you water and when you take of this water you shall never thirst water gives everlasting life. Praise the Lord. Christ Jesus who is the everlasting life and if it's Christ Jesus who is everlasting life I won't say that God will only meet us in Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord any other place in Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord. all the shadows in the Old Testament pointing us to Jesus Christ. And when God said, "You shall not choose any place," he meant that he only provided one way and it had to be through Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord. And the prophet continues to say in another message he says he decided how he would save man. We've tried today to educate man into it. We've tried to school them. Try to denominate. Try to do all these other kind of things. Bring them in. Shake them in. Baptize them [Music] in. Every other way there is. Bring them in by letters, but still remains the same. God meets man under the shed blood of the [Music] lamb. Blood was God's way in the beginning. was God is in the beginning. My blood is God's way tonight. Praise the Lord. He say it's good to do the penance of all these [Music] things. way that God chose to save man and he could not. He chose that blood had to be in the middle court and he could not change it. High priest could not enter there without sacrifices being made in the middle court and there is no way we could receive eternal life. No way we could meet God in the Holy of Holies without the shed blood of Jesus Christ. Praise the Lord. I say just like the moon is a shadow of the sun. Praise the Lord. Strong with the projection, brother. So just like the moon is a shadow of the sun, it serves in the absence of the sun. Just like the church is to serve in the absence of the son of God. Praise the Lord. Two things. We have the moon and the sun. And the moon only gives us light that it receives from the sun. So without the sun, the moon cannot give us light. Praise the Lord. Now when the sun comes in the morning, we don't need the light from the moon because the reality of the light is come. And he continues to say in the absence of the sun, the church the letter. So the believers serve God and and give light in the absence of the sun. And then this what he says about the sun and the moon. When the sun rises, you don't see the moon no more because it is gone down. It doesn't need its light anymore. Just like husband and wife, sun and moon, church and Christ. We find that this thing being a shadow of Christ, every sacrifice, every feast and everything in the Old Testament shadowed Christ just as the shadow strikes across the floor. Now, here is where we are going to have to find the correct place of worship. Let's go back here in the Old Testament where it was given. Now when a shadow comes across the floor, you can tell whether it is man or a beast might be because it casts a shadow upon the floor. And as the shadow gets shorter, the shadow being the negative. You know in the old in the old we used when people took pictures. There was always that small piece we called a negative. But that negative was not the real picture. It only contained the light of the picture. And so he says, "And as the shadow gets shorter, the shadow being the negative cannot be a negative without a positive. When the positive becomes closer to the negative, the negative is sold up in the positive. That is the principle of physics. They cancel each other's effect. They cancel each other's effect. So the negative, the negative ceases to be. So the shadow, the positive comes together and that's what makes it then the positive. And if all the old things, the Bible said, the Old Testament was shadow of the things to come. Then therefore, Christ was the shadow of things to come. The Old Testament types where he chose to put his name as the shadow is. crosses the floor. I said is a negative being a type. So we the worshippers also can see the shadows of the Old Testament fading into the positive of the new. Now paragraph 41 of the message God is place of worship says now and he that is in his name he what is his name first we'll have to find what God's name is before we can find what is his putting place. We find out that he had many titles. Father, Son, Holy Spirit, those are all titles. Rose of Shon, Rose of Sharon, which is a title, and the rest of them, but he has a name. when he met Moses, he had not a name yet. So he told Moses, "I am that I am." And the prophet makes a statement and says Jesus in the book of in the book of Hebrews rather in the book of St. John chapter 6. He also says, "I am that I am." Praise the Lord. And now he said before Abraham was I am. I am was the one in the burning bush, the pillar of fire that was in the burning bush back in the days of Moses. And now Proverb 44, it says we find out that Jesus also says, "I came in the father's name." Praise the Lord. down there. It says, "And Gabriel called him Jesus. The prophet called prophets called him Jesus. And he was absolutely Jesus before his birth. Even the whole prophet called his name Emmanuel. Then God was manifested in the flesh in order take away the sin of the world. And in doing so, he was given the name of Jesus. So Jesus is the name. And the name was placed in a man, not a church, not a denomination, not a creed, but a man. He chose to place his name in Jesus Christ. Now we find out that that then he becomes the place of God's worship where you worship him even before he was even born. His name was called Jesus. It was so important. It was given to his mother by the angel Gabriel that his name would be called Jesus. That's who he was. There we have it. This is it alone. It is him alone. God is chosen place of worship. God is place. God chose to meet man. So worship. Where did God choose to meet man? God God chose to meet man in Jesus Christ. Not in the church, not in a denomination, not in a creed, but in Christ. That's why. That's the only place that God will meet man again. We can worship God in Christ. No matter if you're a Methodist, if you're a Baptist, if you're a Catholic, if you're Protestant, whatever you may be, there's only one place that you can correctly worship God. That is in Christ Jesus. And where is Christ Jesus? He resides in the most sacred place is in the word of God. It is the word of God himself. And where does the word of God reside? God chose one place in us where he would place his word. Praise the Lord. It is not in our body. God chose the soul because the soul is the most sacred place of man. Praise the Lord. The soul feeds on the word of God. The soul feeds on the sha [Music] glory feeds on the light of God. Praise the Lord. So where is God blessed? The life of a man. Praise the Lord. Like we saw some time ago as a prophet speaks about it that a man comprises of three. Praise the Lord. He has the body. He has the the spirit or the heart and then he has the soul. Praise the Lord. That is the temple. know ye not that you are the temple of the living God. So if you're the temple of the living God does God reside in his body. This body is corrupt. It fails every day. So God cannot dwell in the body. So where does God dwell in us? Praise the Lord. The heart, the heart where your thoughts are. Are your thoughts clean? Your thoughts can be defiled. Cannot be defiled. Praise the Lord. Where does God dwell in us? Where does he live? The most sacred point of our lives is in our soul. Praise the Lord. It is out of the soul that God redeems man. Because when he dwells in there, he begins to work from inside out. He conquers the soul. After conquering the soul at the battle of the Holy Spirit, he begins to work from inside out conquers the spirit. So he takes over your imagination. You begin to have the mind of God. Let this mind be in you. So you begin to have the mind of Christ. Your imaginations change. Begin to think about the things of God. Praise the Lord. Now after he has conquered the mind, he projects to the body. Then he begins to rule over your body. Because your mind controls your body. what your mind thinks. Nobody will go to do. If God takes over your mind, he has control over your body. Praise the Lord. All these things, we all type the holiness of God. Praise the Lord. God has pointed us. Nothing else but to Jesus. He is the truth. He is the way. He is life. Without him there is no life. Without him you cannot worship God. There is only one way. Man can worship God. God put only one way. But we can worship him. In the Old Testament, he gave them only one place. And in the New Testament, he has also given us one place that is in Jesus Christ, our point of refuge. And in him, you are safe and free from all sin. You have eternal life. In him, you are safe from all harm. In him we have protection we have our everlasting portion we have eternal life. Where can we go? Praise the Lord. Only in Jesus Christ. God has given us one place to worship him and that is in Jesus Christ. Will you choose him today? Amen. We shall choose to worship in Christ alone. Not in the power of man, not in what man says, but in what Christ says. Because that's the only place that God has chosen for man to worship him, to meet him, to have fellowship with him, to speak to him, to get forgiveness of sins, and to get eternal life. May God bless you. Amen. And uh there is that song that we just sang, redeemed. How I love to proclaim him. Redeemed. Redeemed. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. I wonder if it's song 140. Yes, 140. Let's get up on our feet. We sing that first verse, the chorus, then we shall pray. Amen. Amen. Redeemed, how I love to proclaim it. Redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Redeemed through his mercy. His shine forever. I am redeemed. Oh redeemed. I'm redeemed by the blood. Oh I am redeemed. Redeemed redeemed. His shout that forever I am. So redeemed and so happy in no language my rapture can [Music] tell. I know that the light of his presence. With me he go and dwell. Oh with [Music] me I'm redeemed. I'm redeemed. I'm redeemed. By the blood are you redeemed. Oh redeemed bread. I've redeemed his child forever. I am. I think of my blessed redeemer. I sing. I sing of him all day long. Oh, I sing I can't be silent. I have sing about him every time. Oh, I sing I cannot miss. Oh, his love star. Are you redeemed? Oh, redeemed. I'm redeemed. By the blood of you redeem redeemed. Oh redeem forever. I know I shall see his beauty. I know I shall see his. The king in whose law I lies. In his word I delight who lovingly guidestth my footsteps. Oh and then he gives me songs in the night and give. Oh are you redeemed? I'm redeemed. Are you redeemed? Red by the blood of Are you redeemed? Oh, redeemed. Oh, yes. Redeem is sh. Oh, let's sing that last verse. I know I shall see his beauty. I know shall see in his in his beauty the king in whose law I delight who lovingly guarded my footsteps who he guarded. He guard him from all enemies and giveth me so I am redeemed. Oh redeemed. Are you redeemed? We are all redeemed by the blood of the lamb. Oh, we thank God. I'm redeemed. Oh, redeemed. Oh, we are all redeemed. Oh, oh, we can all worship the Lord tonight. We thank you, precious father, for the grace, oh God. You've given us the grace. You've given us the blood of Jesus Christ, our father, to cleanse us of all our sins and make us holy and acceptable to drive us into the holy of holies that we can have fellowship with you there. We can worship you there, oh father, in the blood of Jesus Christ in Christ himself. Oh God, how we thank you that Father, you've given us this perfect sacrifice to cleanse us, oh Father, and make us holy and make us the beloved father of the gospel king of glory. How we thank you for your word, oh God. How we thank you for the sacrifices. How we thank you for accepting us. How we thank you for bringing us close to you. How we thank you that oh Jesus you will father your glory provided for all our sins for all our misstakes for all our transgressions and father you said come unto me all ye that are laid that labor the heavenly and I shall give you rest and everlasting rest in Christ Jesus where we can dwell forever more where we can dwell and have freedom the word where we can worship you oh God where we can worship you father and have all the freedom Oh God, that blood that guid our footsteps. Oh, that blood that redeems us from all wrong. That redeems us from the world. That gives us the assurance that gives us the mark that seals us to the door of redemption. How we thank you, oh Jesus. How we thank you for your grace. How we thank you for accepting us. Oh God, that father you would call us and father you'd call us by your name and say we are the begotten of your blood son that you'd call us and father say that you are my children that you've gotten by your own precious blood oh father we thank you for the sacrifice at Calvary we thank you for the sacrifice at the cross oh God oh God where would we be oh father but oh God you've called us and father we are not simply the people of God but we are the church of God we are the healer of God. We are separated people that have been separated and set aside, oh God, for our eternal rest. How we thank you, oh God, for the blood that cleanses us every day. That, oh, Father, draws us, oh God, into your presence every day that we can worship you, God. We thank you for our people. We thank you for the people that you've chosen tonight. We thank you for our pastors, oh God. We thank you for your grace upon them father that you may grant them your glory. Your special grace that offer your glory as they continue the ministry of thy word into the missionaries around us your glory that father may guard them with your glory and protect them and provide for them your glory and give them good health. Lord, I pray for all the people tonight that your cover, your grace may dwell upon them, that your blood may dwell upon them, that your peace may be upon them, that your glory you may protect them and show them your loving kindness, oh God. Those that have come weary, may they know tonight that they have an everlasting portion in Christ Jesus on whom they can cast all their burdens, they can cast all their heavy ladies to your glory that they shall receive freedom. Oh God, we thank you father. I pray loving father that if there be any sick ability loving father that lord you may heal each one of us oh father for he said your word you are the lord god who health all our diseases. May the sick recover glory. Give us special grace. Oh father even leave this place. So loving father I pray that lord you may go with us and keep us safe from all harm. Protect us father in the middle of the night as we travel to our presence of our body. I pray even father that lord your presence may go with us. Protect us more glory. Protect the people. Protect our pastor. Give him special grace on your glory and be with him all your glory. his family glory and his children and father we pray Jehovah no glory and give them special grace that we've gone back to school I pray father that your presence may go with them loving father we pray loving father that you may protect us go glory we commit ourselves unto you tonight and we believe that lord of glory your presence and your love and your protection shall go with us we love you oh god we commit everything unto thee our lives the things that we are going to use to leave this place we pray heavenly Father that you may take the lead that the angel of the Lord may contour and live with us. Lord, we thank you and we love you. We give you glory, praise and honor in the most precious name of glory. We pray loving father and believe. Oh God, we thank you Jesus. We thank you loving father. You're so gracious, oh Lord. Amen. [Music] Red, redeemed by the blood of the lamb. You are dismissing Jesus's name. I'm redeemed. We have an overnight on Friday night. This Friday, I'm redeemed. Redeem. Redeem. Redeemed by the blood of the [Music] lamb. Redeem, redeem his child for ree. [Music] Redeemed redeemed by the blood of the I'm redeemed redeemed. His child forever.
