################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2026-07-01 - The Power in Soul-Searching Pastor Esagala Martin 07.01.2026 - Esagala Martin.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2026-07-01
Title:    The  Power in Soul-Searching           |         Pastor Esagala Martin         |       07.01.2026
Speaker:  Esagala Martin
Church:   Inner Veil Ministries
Type:     Church Service
Duration: 2h 11m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmillBXSSD8
========================================

TRANSCRIPT
========================================
Needing a friend to help me in the end. Where could I go? But to the Lord can get me that key. Leaving below in this so sinful world. Hardly a comfort can afford striving alone to face temptation. So where could I go but to the Lord? Oh tell me where could I go? Where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul. Needing a friend to help me in the end. Where could I go? Back to the Where could I go this evening? Oh, where could I go? Yes, where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul and needing a friend to help me in the end. Oh, where could I go but to the Lord? Neighbors are kind. Oh, neighbors are kind. I love them. Everyone, we get along in sweet. Oh, but when my soul needs mine now from above, is where could I go? But to the Lord. Oh where my brother, where would I go? My sister, where would I go? Just seeking a refuge for my soul. Oh, and needing a friend to help me in the end. Where could I go but to love? Life here is grand. All life here is grand with friends I love so dear and comfort I get from God's own. Yet when I face Oh yet when I face the cheating hand of death. Oh where could I go but to the Lord? Oh where where could I go? Oh where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul and needing a friend to help me in the end. Oh, where could I go back to the that last verse again? Life is grand. I fear is grand with friends I love so dear and comfort I get from God's own word yet when I face oh yet when I face the jailing of death oh where could I go but to the Lord oh Where my brother? Where could I go? Oh, where could I go? Seeking a refuge for my soul and needing a friend to help me in the end. Oh, where could I go but to the Lord? And this little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Yes, this little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Yes, this little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Yes, this little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Yes, this little light of mine. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, I'll never let the devil blow it. I'm going to let it I'll never let the devil blow it. I'll never let the devil blow it. I'm going to let it shine. Oh, I'll never let the devil blow it. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. One more time. Oh, this little light of mine. Yes. I'm going to let it shine. Oh, yes. This little light of mine. I'm going to let it shine. I'm going to let it shine. Yes. This little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, I need a revival in me. God calls a revival in me. Speak these dry bones to life, Lord. Clothe them up with flesh. A little fire I have in me. Don't let it burn now. Original compositions. Oh, I need a revival in me. God cause a revival in me. Speak these dry bones to life. Lord, clothe them up with flesh that little fire I have in me. Make it burn brighter. Let's put our hands together as we sing that song. I need a revival in me. God calls a revival in me. Speak these dry bones to life. Lord, clothe them up with flesh. The little fire I have in me. Make it burn brighter. I need I need I need a revival in me. Oh God, cause a revival in me and speak these dry bones to life. Lord, clothe them up with flesh. A little fire I have in me. Make it burn brighter. One more time. I need a revival. Oh, I need a revival in me. God calls a revival in me. and speak these dry bones you lie. Lord, clothe them up with flesh. The little fire I have in me. Make it burn brighter. Yes, this little light of mine. Make it burn brighter. I'm going to let it shine. Oh yes, this little light of mine. Oh, I'm going to let it shine. Oh, this little light of mine. Yes, I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Oh, I'll never let the devil blow it. I'm going to let it shine. Oh, I'll never let the devil blow it. I'm going to let it shine. Oh, I'll never let the devil blow it. I'm going to let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Let it shine. Amen. We give him a hand of praise this evening. Amen. And as we be preparing to receive the minister, I want us to sing and say, "The lifeboat soon is coming to gather all the Jews home. So cheer, my brother. Cheer. Our trials will soon be over." &gt;&gt; Amen. Songs 116. Brother Dan, if you can drop it a little bit. Then che my brother Chia our tri will soon be over. Our loved ones we shall meet shall meet upon the golden shore. We pilgrims and we are strangers here. We are seeking a city to come. A lifeboat soon is coming to gather the Jewish home. We're floating down the stream of time. We have not long to stay. The stormy clouds of darkness will turn to brightest day. In let us all take power. Oh, we not lived alone. The life but soon is coming to gather you and ch my brother. Oh ch my brother, che my sister tri will soon be over. Our loved ones we shall meet shall meet upon the golden shore. We are pilgrims and strangers here. We are seeking a city to come. Oh yes, the life soon is coming to gather the Jews home. Sometimes the de tempts me and says it's so in vain to try to live a Christian life and walk in. But we hear the master say, but then we hear the master say, I'll lend your helping hand. And if you only trust me, I'll guide you to that. She my brother, she my brother, she my sister will soon be over. Our loved ones we shall meet, shall meet upon the golden shore. Oh, we are pilgrims and we are strangers. Here we are seeking a city to come. The life but soon is coming together. The life but soon by eyes of faith. My eyes of faith I see as she sweeps through the waterers to rescue and me and land a safy in the boat with friends we love. Get ready, cries the captain. Oh Luke, she's almost here. Oh Luke, she's almost here. Come on. Cheer my brother. Cheer my sister. Tries will soon be over. All our loved ones we shall meet. We shall meet upon the golden shore. We are pilgrims and we are strangers. Here we are seeking a city to come. The light soon is coming together. the US song. Oh, now's the time to get on board while she's passing by. Don't stand and wait too long. My brother, my sister, you shall forever die. But the fair is paid for one and the captain beats you come. Oh, and get on board the lifeboat. She will carry you safely home. Come with our hands now and cheer my brother. She my sister will soon. Our loved ones will meet our loved ones. We shall meet and meet upon the golden shore. Yes, we are pilgrims and we are strangers. Here we are seeking a city to come. Our life soon is coming together you will cheer my brother. Oh che my brother, cheer my sister. Tries will soon be over. Our loved ones we shall meet shall meet up on the go and show. We pilgrims and we strangers. Here we are seeking a city to come. The lifeboat soon is coming to gather the Jews home. Amen. Are you waiting for that lifeboat to carry us all safely home? Amen. As the minister will be coming, let's just sing and say, "Shine on me. Shine on me. Let the light from the lighthouse shine on me. Amen. Can give me a key. Shine on me, my Lord. Shine on me. Let the light from the light house shine on me. Shine on me. Shine on me, my Lord. Shine on me. Holy the light from the light down, shine, shine, shine, my love, shine on me. Let the light from the night. Shine up. Hallelujah. Shine on. Oh yes. Shine on me. made the light from the light. Yes. Once more. Oh yes. Shine on me. Oh, shine on. Oh, in the light from my life. Oh, shine on me. Shine on me. Shine on me. Let the light the light of shine on me. &gt;&gt; Let's pray. Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ in such moment Lord our desire is that you may light it upon us that that oh Lord eternal light may spring forth from our hearts Lord as the scripture says that let that little light shine. Father help us Lord to let that you have allowed us to know in this hour to be father shown out in our communities. Father to bear the fruit of the same and oh heavenly father that you may guide us in everything that we do. We completely depend upon you even in this hour that we have come in. Lord may you grant to minister to our hearts. Oh heavenly father we thank you for the song service. Father we thank you for the song leader. We thank you for every soul that you have brought in this house. Our prayer, heavenly father, is that you may fulfill your purpose to why you brought each one of us here. For we are but vessels, oh heavenly father, that I am talking of glory. And every other day we desire that you fill us, oh God. Come and speak to us, oh heavenly father. Come and guide us, Lord, according to your will. We love you and appreciate you. In the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, we pray. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. You may take your seats for a while. &gt;&gt; I want to greet you all in the precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ and thank you for coming. Uh without you, the minister has no work. Praise the name of the Lord. So uh uh pastor our pastors are not around. &gt;&gt; Uh pastor James who was with brother Steven in today and I just want to thank them for the opportunity they have given me to stand here as as as I ask you to pray with me. Many times you find that it is a little bit trickier to break into the mind of God for the service. But God has his way and that's what I'm trusting on. Will you pray with me? Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Uh let's get into the reading of the word. Do you appreciate brother Joshua for the song service? &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Do you need a revival? Yeah. I heard that song and I was like the spirit is speaking in the direction we are taking this evening. In the book of Matthew chapter 26 verse 69 up to 75 the scripture says &gt;&gt; now Peter sat without in the palace and Adamo came unto him saying thou also was with Jesus of Galilee. But he denied before them all, saying, I know not what thou sayest. And when he was gone out into the porch, another maid saw him and said unto unto them that were there, "This fellow was also with Jesus of Nazareth, And again he denied with an oath, I do not know the man. And after a while came unto him, they that stood by, and say to Peter, Surely thou also at one of them, for thy speech bewest thee. Then began he to c and to swear saying, I know not the man. And immediately the coke crew. And Peter remembered the word of Jesus, which said unto him before the cockro, "Thou shalt deny me thrice." And he went out and weeped bitterly. Let's pray. Lord Jesus, this is your word. Father, we can't understand it with our intellectual, it takes your spirit to come and quicken every letter that we have read. And Lord, we call upon that Lord that you may father give life to each one of these letters to to be to be swn in the hearts of the people. Father, they may bear witness of your word in Jesus's name we pray. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; You may take your seats. Uh this this evening I want to take a subject on the power in soul searching. Soul searching. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Which better &gt;&gt; you know soul searching &gt;&gt; and soul searching in the English dictionary they refer to it refers to a process of deep and honest self-examination. Deep honest self-examination. It involves critically reflecting one's belief, motives, actions, and spiritual or moral state. Often with the intent of gaining clarity, correction, or renewal. So in brief soul searching um &gt;&gt; it means uh to think on your wise to think about the things you do to think about your motives to think about you know uh why you do certain things. And what is your purpose? Praise the name of the Lord. So, and this selfexamination its intent or the purpose to why you do this self-examination is because you want renew. You want to correct your wise or you want you know to be clear about certain things of your life. Because many times you'll find that there are things that we do but we just follow a certain group of people. Like today people have smartphones and when they go online they see a certain behavior. see a certain kind of you know aspect or something someone did and they want to copy that and walk with that. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of the Lord. And sometimes we live in a certain kind of uh you know situation that you wake up in the morning, you do a certain activity and the day goes and then in the morning you wake up do the same activity and you're continuing in that in that pattern. But if someone finds you and ask you why you do it, you don't have a justification for that &gt;&gt; and you don't have any spiritual, you know, you know, benefit from it. Praise the name of the Lord. So just picking up a quote here in why I think Pentecost the prophet says Now when a man is got a soul that soul want to reason with God's word believe it intellectual mind will reason with God's word that may be fanaticism I don't know whether to do that watch out that comes from the Bible. &gt;&gt; You search it. &gt;&gt; And then he says, "And your soul, &gt;&gt; if it's got the Holy Spirit, will search it and reorganize it." So the prophet is talking about you know some things that we pick from the Bible and he says that you know a man without the Holy Ghost will take the word of God and reason reason with it. But a man that has got the Holy Spirit will search the scriptures and will recognize that these things are from the scriptures. And such a man will always get back to the scriptures when he's doing any kind of self-examination. Praise the name of the Lord. When you see to think on your wise, you must, you know, have a blueprint that you're using to think on your wise. It is just like nowadays that some of the young men they cut their hair they just wake up one wakes up in the morning and goes to a salon &gt;&gt; and says I want to I want to trim my head and the baba will do whatsoever he wants. But when you think about the style that the baba is trimming you know where it comes from. Praise the name of the Lord. You must take time to think on the things that you do, the blueprint of the word. And every man that takes time to think on his ways, the word of God will always run in the way of the Lord. Because God in the beginning, the prophet tells us that everything that we see, everything that God does, he thought about it in the beginning and everything is God's mind, his thoughts, is fulfilling now. Praise the name of the Lord. And you see that when you go into the scriptures and you begin to find yourself, you read the scripture like Mary when the anged her and the angel told her favor before God and Mary was thinking about some of those things and as Mary was interacting with the angel that's why you were so searching you know doing selfexamination wondering Why of all the virgins it's me wondering where is this coming from the angel Mary is going to have a child and Mary after thinking on her ways she finds out she has never been with a man and then she asks the angel how shall it be even I've known no man praise the name of the Lord all that is God fulfilling his thoughts in his mind and the things that he thought before the beginning. Praise the name of the Lord. So as we lay down a foundation here, let's pick up that quote, the identification, the identified masterpiece of God. Uh he says remember there is only one form of eternal life and even our names and our thoughts were with God before there was a foundation of the world because now we possess eternal life because now we possess eternal life and to be that we have to be a part of God. So we we would have to be as much as in his thoughts because we have eternal life and was predestinated to this life and our names were put on the lamb's book of life of the world according to revelations. Now that God had us in his thinking, praise the name of the Lord, then we have eternal life. So the prophet is telling us that at a certain time even before there was time, God is thinking and he was planning what is going to take place before he spoke the earth from the world into existence. And as he was doing that, I want to say God was doing as such to establish the purpose, you know, and the reason why some things should be done. And that's why the prophet teaches us and tell us there's nothing that God did without a purpose. Everything that God does, he has a purpose and motive behind. HAS A TARGET and a goal that something ahead is seeing the image of Christ in you test you through the journey that you're going through that's why none of us has a control over his life because God is looking at a certain goal he wants you to be in 2030 maybe in 2030 maybe in December of this The Lord has a goal of your life. Surrender to him. He will fulfill his mind. Praise the name of the Lord. Because he knew you before even you came into your mother's womb. So the prophet continues and says here, see how this works. God always had his thoughts for Adam. Adam has his thoughts. was yet unexpressed. And he picks that scripture in the book of Psalms 139 and says, "My substance was not hid from thee, when I was made in secret, and curiously wrote in the lowest parts of the earth." Thine eyes did see my substance, yet being perfect. In thy book were all my members written, which incontinence were fashioned when as yet there was none of them. So in this scripture, David is you know speaking to the Lord and says that my substance you know you saw them and you wrote my members you wrote me in your book and you fashioned me. He says even before any of my flesh and blood was you saw every bit of me. When God in the beginning was thinking on who to place in earth at which time for you to be here at this time this is the only time you come and walk here's purpose that God had for you. The prophet continues and says as I said was not written about Adam He gives you the idea that the thought was there in his mind and that thought was eternal and had to be expressed. So when Adam was formed of the dust of the earth and his spiritual being created by God, then Adam became God's thought expressed. And those eternal thoughts were now manifest. Praise the name of the Lord. You see God before he did anything, he sat down and examined everything. A masterpiece why everything has to be done in a certain way. And that's why God's word cannot fail or cannot be moved. because God runs surely and you know he's certain of what he's going to do. Praise the name of the Lord. Let's pick up Jeremiah 17 and verse 10. As we get in our subject, he says, "I the Lord search the heart and I try the rights even to give every man according to his wise and according to the fruit of his doings. So God searches our hearts. God searches our souls. God searches our minds. And he knows exactly what we think. He knows the motives of every action that we do. even before you do something that you have planned for a while because you're going to do it and why you're going to do it. And the scripture tells us he gives to every man according to his wise, the things that you do, the fruits of your doing. Praise the name of the Lord. And that's why we need to be very careful. to do certain things and the kind or you know all the the the nature of our life. Praise the name of the Lord. So getting back to soul searching there are purposes of soul searching purposes of of self-examination. And one is to discover why you do certain things. So before you're going to do something, you ought to find out why you're going to do it. Praise the name of the Lord. And this goes through, you know, a an examination using the word of God. Levil temps you into a snare. Praise the name of the Lord. So touching is about asking and understanding the fundamental motivation is about asking and understanding the fundamental the fundamental motivations for your existence guiding principles in your life. So you look at the principles that you have in your life and you ask yourself why do I do this every morning? How does it help me spiritually? How far does it bring me to God? Praise the name of the Lord. And when you do a soarch, you want to find out you know to have a selfawareness of the things that you do on a daily, you know, routine because there are things that you do just by reflex. But at the end of every day, you should be able to sit down and find out what did I do today? And where did I reach for the goal that I had? How far do these things bring me to God? Walking in the way of the Lord away from the will of the Lord. Praise the name of the Lord. So you must also find meaning and purpose for the things that you're planning to do ahead. Praise the name of the Lord. So self-examination also helps us to enhance decision making to look at the decisions that you're going to make. You may have every other day we are standing at a junction and you want to make a decision on which route you should take. But you can only make a right decision when you have studied the word of the Lord when you have studied the circumstances around you. when you have seen all the actions that you might do and their futs at the end of the day. Praise the name of the Lord. I hope we are together up to now. &gt;&gt; So let's just take Judah. You see Judah escarot &gt;&gt; was a very faithful member in the church of Jesus Christ to the extent that Jesus Christ entrusted Judah's carot with the bag of the church but a certain time came where he was you know allotted with two wives he was given two wives He was given two ways. One way was to walk with Jesus and take the silver and gold. The other was for him to get the 30 pieces of silver and Judah without doing a thorough examination. Judah went with 30 silvers pieces of silver and Judah betrayed Jesus Christ. But Judah reached a point and he did what he was meant to do before and his wife started to do a self examination. started search found that he was wanting but the decision that he had MADE and Judah tried to find a way of cleaning HIMSELF because he didn't do as such he went on acting of the lord so in the book of matthew chapter 27 the scriptures size. Then Judah, which had betrayed him, when he saw that he was condemned, repented himself, and brought again the 30 the 30 pieces of silver to the chief priest at elders. Praise the name of the Lord. So condemnation is something that comes after you have done a a thorough so so such. You've thought about everything you've done. You thought about your wives. You thought about your actions and then you begin pointing at your actions and say when I did this it wasn't right. When I did this that wasn't a right thing. When I did this I was walking in the word of the Lord. So we see that Judah was condemned because he did so such and he saw that you know HE WAS WANTING SO THE SCRIPTURE says after Judah doing a such he brought again 30 pieces of silver from the people that gave him. He saw that what he did was not right. And the scripture says that when he came to the chief priests he said I have sinned in that I have betrayed the innocent blood. I have sinned in that I will destroy the innocence. Praise the name of the Lord. You see Judah, he has done something wrong before doing so or such. He has just went into something because he saw another brother doing it. He has gone into something because he has seen another man doing it. And after he has done it, he comes back to church and he hears the Holy Spirit speaking to him. And when Judah BEGINS TO THINK ABOUT WHAT HE DID, he remembers that all that was not right. God don't do those things. RIE PRIEST AND HE SAYS, I have sinned. Praise the name of THE LORD. AND HE SAYS, YOU KNOW THE SCRIPTURE SAYS HERE &gt;&gt; and they said what is that to us? See thou to that see thou to that and in verse five and he cast down the pieces of silver in the temple and departed and went and hunged himself. Uhhuh. Praise the name of the Lord. After doing a soul search, he didn't find any grace for himself. He didn't find any place where he could fit because he condemned himself examination to think on his work. that he was wanting and Judah didn't know that there was grace for any sinner because of the things that he did. But thank God we are living in a day where there is grace for such things. We have read in in in Matthew 26 and we have seen how Peter Peter was standing in the same place he was with Jesus and he spoke to Jesus and he said I'm going to fight for you. No one will take you TO BEHIND AND JESUS TOLD him get behind me Satan. And Jesus told him that before you know the co deny me three times. And Peter did not think about that. PETER thought that this is a normal talk. You see Peter when he came where Jesus was when Jesus was taken by these people here was approached by people three times. And how forgotten the words of Jesus was wrong with Peter was not doing so searching himself person comes and says you are part of him and he says no sir I don't know that man and Peter was confident praise the name of the lord another group comes and says but you talk like him you are part of him says no sir what's wrong with Peter Peter was not doing SO SUCH THAT WAS enough for Peter to know why am I denying the person I've walked with for three years Peter could have remembered I'm going to deny him of another group of people. &gt;&gt; You are like him. And he said, "No." And when Peter had the coke, that was an for him, for him to think about the things he has been to him. Oh God, have mercy upon me. recognized that there is grace for a sinner that has gone away that has tried. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of the Lord. So in moments of anything that we have to do, we need to do so on our wise action that we do because realizing that we are sons of God and knowing that there is nothing ours here. Everything that we have is given of God and if at all we will we give back to God like David in the book of Chronicles. David in the book of Chronicles knowing that God, you know, wanted him to build a house and David, you know, rather David wanted to build God a house. And God said, "Your son will build a house." He knew that all that he had was of God. And David did not withhold anything. And David gave back to God that all that I have is yours. THEY HAVE BEEN GIVEN to me by you. And David said, "I'm so blessed THAT I CAN GIVE back to you of what you have given to me." SO DAVID RECOGNIZED THAT everything that I have is given of God. Even just breathing it's of God. So it's really, you know, worth it to to worship God WITH ALL OF OUR HEARTS and thinking on on our ways in the ways of the Lord. Listen what the prophet says in the message as I thought on my wise. He say think on your selfstyled wise. Think think on that bunch of creeds that you are serving in in the east in the state of serving the real living God. Except a man be born again, he will in no way see the kingdom of God. Think on your wise or you might be a doctor of divinity. I don't know what you are. But if you are lost, you better think on your ways, for there is a time coming. He says, "It was when the high priest counted out the 30 pieces of silver to Judah." When he had the ringing of that silver, when he had that ringing of of that silver, Judas thought on his wise and he went and took a rope and hung himself. It was the Roman soldier that when he had stood there and seen the sun go down in the middle of the day, he saw the rocks ring out of the mountains. He had one say, "Father, forgive them for they know not what they do." He had pressed his spear into his heart and seen the water and blood flow out. When he began to think on his words and he fell on his face and screamed and said, "Surely that is the son of God." Begin to think on his ways. when he had seen what he had done. You think of what you've done. Look at the evil power you've put of Christ. &gt;&gt; You intended to be a real Christian. You intended to be filled with the Holy Ghost. You've intended someday, but your intention will never get you there. He hell hell is paved with good intentions. Brother, when you think on your wise things the Roman soldier did. Cry out to God. say truly he is the son of God and I will turn my feet to his testimony for him for me as you see the Holy Spirit moving work great signs and wonders on your wise when you see the last sign that God said will take place was before it that was before it was destroyed. &gt;&gt; When you see that, think on your wise. Think of of what you are doing. If you Christian, think the life you are living. Are you living above the reproach? Are you doing the things that pleases God? Have your heart no condemnation. If you a sinner, you were under the power of God and come to the altar. If you are thinking on your ways while I've been preaching, God has convicted you that you are wrong. Then I can tell you one thing. I can introduce you to something that is here tonight. Praise the name of the Lord. The prophet speaking to us. If you have thought on your wise, repent of where you have gone wrong with praise God for where you're walking with him. Praise the name of the Lord. Look at Moses in the book of Exodus chapter 3 and then verse one. The scripture says, "Now Moses as he kept the flock of Jethro his father, you know, Moses was at the back side of the desert and he was, you know, railing the the ship and the angel came to him and the angel appeared." And Moses when he thought about it in verse the scripture, the scripture says, "And the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a flame of fire out of the midst of a bush, and he looked, and behold, the bush burned with fire, and the bush was not consumed." And when Moses saw this and fought on his wives, did so search in himself. He said I will turn to see what is this because it was an you know something that is not usual. And the scripture says and Moses said I will now turn aside and see this great site. Why the bush is not burnt? And when the Lord saw that he turned aside to see, God called unto him out of the midst of the bush. Praise the name of the Lord. So we see that in verse four, the scripture says, "When the Lord saw that he turned aside, So imagine if Moses did not turn. If Moses didn't just looked at that bush and just went on looked at it and said this one is usual. The scripture says when the Lord saw that he turned, so when saw the fire, when Moses saw the bush, he thought about it and he said, "This is not usual." Praise the name of the Lord. And he turned and when he turned, God saw a heart that is willing to perform his will. Praise the name of the Lord. And the scripture and the prophet says here in the messages I thought on my way, he says it was Moses, the mighty prophet, an old shiper. He had returned into be. He had returned to be &gt;&gt; that was wandering back behind the mountain one day on a little old path that the sheep had made. Perhaps it was very familiar to him. But that morning was just a little different from other mornings. There seem to be something around him. You know Jesus said if they hold their peace, &gt;&gt; the rocks will cry out. &gt;&gt; I wonder if wasn't preaching to him. Sorry. I wonder if the angels wasn't preaching to him. All of a sudden he begin to think on his wise how that he had made a failure in life and had tried to find safety while his people was in bondage. God grant the heart of every preacher of every preacher here will get that burden get that burden. How can we rest in Zion when the world is covered with sin? And then he says in paragraph 34, Moses be to think on his wise how that he had went off in his own schooling and training and he knew there was a call of God on his life. He tried to to work it out his own way. Never preachers get in that trouble. a call of God in our life and then go off and get a schooling that tells us that the days of miracles are passed and there is no such a thing as baptism of the Holy Spirit. And then he says down as you just scroll down and he says and as he begin to think on those things I can see him become all tore up there is no man who can come into the presence of his own past what gets to up about it. I pray that the Holy Spirit will bring every human being in here now back to your past. Then turn to his testimony. And as you begin to think, I can see that old man with flow with flowing white beard. But he said, I've ruined my life. I'm 8 years old. If I would have thought of it when I was a young man, I would have would have done the right thing. But now it is too far and and a great crystal tears rolling down his white whisks. When he was thinking on his wise, there was a cracking noise on the side of the hill. While he was thinking on his wise, he said, "I will turn aside to see what this thing God has done that God will bring that burning bush in the hearing in the hearing distance of every person here. We can see on our wise changed Moses when he turned his feet from the path of Moses, the path that God had led him through the Red Sea. And it changed Moses when he turned his feet from the path of ship to the path that God led him through the Red Sea. Praise the name of the Lord. So let's just pick up another scripture here &gt;&gt; in the book of Luke chapter 15. It's it's it's worth it to think on our ways. It spies it pies a lot to think before we do some of the things. I just want us to take this young man here and we shall close. He says in verse 11, and he said a certain man had two sons, and the younger of them said to his father, "Father, give me the portion of goods that fall to to me. And he divided unto them his living. And not many days, but a young son gathered all together his journey into a far country his substance with righteous living. Praise the name of the Lord. We see this young man. &gt;&gt; He's standing like Judah. &gt;&gt; He goes to the father. Give me my portion and I go. He didn't see himself in the pig pen. He didn't see himself living a miserable life. He thought that he can stand without his father because he has seen many other men, seen many other young men running from their father's house, running from their fathers. And you know many people lay such an example. And those of you my agement, you know, we have many friends who are like that. who think they don't need a shepherd. They think they don't need counel. They just wake up and do whatever they want. That's what this young man was. He just woke up not doing a such not thinking about his father and the responsibilities of his father in his life. He said I don't need him. All I need is his goods. I give my portion and I go I don't need him anymore. Praise the name of the Lord. such a very quick and very bad decision to make. You know when you follow that scripture, you find that this man the father gave him because the father gives us a free moral agent and he lets us live the way we we desire. But remember, he's always saying, "Come back if you will. Come unto me." He's calling us back to him. It doesn't matter how far you've gone. Any point when you think on your ways and you remember the goodness of the father just stand back and say father I've remembered I recall and I repent this young man here came to the father and said give me my my portion and I live and the scripture says he went to a far country. He didn't even want to be close to his father because he didn't want the father's influence in his life. Praise the name of the Lord. And the scripture says when he went there, he forgot the protection of the father. You know that all that he was was the father's mercy was the father's father's protection was the eforts of the father. So this young man the scripture tells us that they wasted his substance with righteous living. He was in a strange land and he got in bad company. and everything that he did. He did have the counel of the father have the counel of the shepherd of the scriptures. This man never did a so so the spiritual living of God. It's just like a man that has ran away from the presence of the Lord. Just like Jonah is a very perfect example for that. God has sent you a certain way and then you turn to another place. Praise the name of the Lord. And when Jonah went into, you know, down into the sea, the scripture tells us that Jonah, you know, it says that he was in the middle of hell when my soul fainted within me. They saw such as he was in the belly of that fish and what his heart was gracious merciful to hear my prayer called on the Lord and God heard the prayer of Jonah to do so such friends. When we get in such moments where we have deviated away from the word in this flesh here many times we fall many times we error because it is the nature of flesh Paul in the book of Romans chapter 7 and suddenly he looks at the law of flesh and he looks at the law of the spirit. And he says when I want to do good before me because it's the nature of this flesh. But yet God has given us grace that when we get in those moments to rise up and say God have merc upon me. So that's that's what happened to this young man that when he went down and he was not doing a soul search and the events that were happening to him until he lost the the the last coin he had in his life until he went and began to eat of the of the pig's food and it was not free to him request of the owner. TO EAT OF YOUR PIG'S FOOD. SO this young man here made a point and thought on his wife and thought of his position in his father's love of the father what the father would do for him when he goes back this young man what he means to do in the beginning doing it at the end of time. So as we live in this life, we ought to do these things in in real time. The actions that we are going to do just run, you know, in bandwagon and be influenced by any other person. Let us be influenced by our Lord Jesus Christ. Let us be influenced by the messenger of the hour. Let us go west by our shepherd. You know, I was speaking on on on the Lord is my shepherd on Sunday and it is so interesting. How a sheep follows the shepherd and the prophet gave an example of how you know he went to to Britain and there was a shepherd that was moving with his sheep. And when he was about to reach the the the traffic, he went and got the right of way for the sheep and all the cars stopped to move and the shepherd passed. And as the shepherd passed, all the sheep were in a line following the shepherd. No sheep could turn to the right or the left focusing on where the shepherd is going. But a true sheep &gt;&gt; follows the shepherd. A true sheep has a shepherd. A true sheep hears the voice of the shepherd. A true sheep knows only one voice of the shepherd. You find many flocks of sheep. You find many flocks of sheep, you know, railing in the same place. But when a shepherd, ONE SHEPHERD WHISTLES OUT, all sheep will listen him because they know the uniqueness of the voice of their shepherd. Praise the name of the Lord. But all the sheep around here that belong to that respective shepherd says my sheep know my voice that of a stranger they cannot follow it the name of the lord so the prophesize that this MAN WAS passing in a market street the street tables People were ving. Maybe there was there. Maybe there was cabbage there. And as the shepherd was moving, the sheep were focused on the shepherd. They were not focusing on the vegetable here. On the side, but the sheep never turn to eat any vegetable along the sea. They were not running with anything they find. They were FOCUSED ON ONE CHEF. THAT IS THE SHEPHERD that is given of the Lord. And that's what it takes to be a sheep is to know your shepherd to know that what my shepherd you know does. That's what I follow as a sheep as we follow the great shepherd our Lord Jesus Christ. So as a sheep, we must always think on our eyes to follow the great shepherd shepherd that the Lord has given unto us. Because it's only the shepherd that the Lord has entrusted with all of our journey. It's only the shepherd that come from where we are going. Imagine a ship in the wilderness. You know, it is so interesting how David stands and says, "The Lord is my shepherd." It's only a sheep that can say that the Lord is my shepherd. &gt;&gt; Because it knows, all its care is laid upon the shepherd. All its burden is laid upon the shepherd. David says, "If I walk into the valley of the shadow of death, I will not fear because the Lord is my shepherd." When you have a shepherd, you at rest of the Lord and any sheep that strays from the shepherd of the sheep that is going to be eaten of the wolf. But as long as the sheep is in the presence of the shepherd, the sheep is safe and it is not lost. You know when Jesus was talking about the lost sheep, he was talking about a sheep that has strayed from the shepherd. Praise the name of the Lord. And a right sheep will always want to follow the shepherd. Because in the presence of the shepherd, that's where my protection is. The one that David decides, &gt;&gt; I will not want. &gt;&gt; Praise the name of the Lord. So, let's just get back to this man here. Let's pick up in the message the prodical son. He says in paragraph 16, "And he would find have filled his belly with the the swine did it eat and no man gave unto him. Why he made a wrong decision? He didn't think on his way. He stried from the shepherd. destroyed from the father and all the protection, all the providence, all the blessing were cut off. A sheep in the wilderness. Praise the name of the Lord. And then you begin to say, I don't need a shepherd. We have had them. You go on YouTube, you feed whatever you find. You just eat enough. You just eat enough to make you jump around because you don't you you don't know the voice of the shepherd. Praise the name of the Lord. Not everyone can be a shepherd. the one to hearken to that sorry &gt;&gt; to hearken to that shepherd to you see in the message uh the voice of God in the last in the last in the last days the prophet speaks about many voices and he says there is is a voice of politics. &gt;&gt; It is a voice, you know, of of Hollywood until people are inspired and, you know, led of of of the movies and the songs they watch and they want to act like that. And now spiritually we have very many voices and many doctrines and many teachings this message here many many many many praise the name of the Lord. But you'll find one day you find a certain brother trying starting to to to to jump around to to to act in a funny way. You wonder what's happening to him. The problem destroyed from the shepherd and he just ate enough local weed. Praise the name of the Lord. He spies stay with the shepher the Lord has given you. He continues here and says he says I can hear he I can hear them pray and get up. He's talking about the mother. The parent of this of this young man. He says I can hear them pray and he get up. father tried to hug him and he would turn his head and put his arms around him &gt;&gt; and cries, "Oh, you go off on off and start go off going over the hill. I can see father and mother standing and their hands arms their hands arms round around one another waving goodbye to him as he went off over the hill down into the city to be with the rest of the world. parent. I and I can them return back into the house again weeping, crying and praying. I see him get get with big crowds down there. And as long as his money lasted, he was a good fellow. That's the way the world treats you. As long as you got money, you got friends. But when your money is gone, your friends are gone. &gt;&gt; That's dry weather friends. Praise the name of the Lord. And he says, I know friend who will stick by you. If you haven't got a penny, Jesus Christ, the son of God, I've been to a place where I had not a scent. He loved me. &gt;&gt; He loved me just as much as I wouldn't have a penny as I had a million dollars. He loves me just the same. pure, holy, unadulterated love into his people. That's the way we should love one another with that godly love. And then he gets back to the prodical son and notice I can see him as a great as a great in the places and gambling devices and holes of illame. And after a while, his money was gone and his friends was gone. He was a popular boy. He would have had a date with any of the girls. But when his money was gone, with the crowd, &gt;&gt; that's just the way the devil As long as you've got money &gt;&gt; and popular. &gt;&gt; All right. But when that time we out, you are finished. And I can see him. He had to get himself a job. So he went to a citizen of the country. Look where he dropped from. A Jew not even supposed to put their hands on a hog and he was in need. He was starving and he had to take a job. Praise the name of the Lord. You know the prophet is telling us &gt;&gt; that he went so deep that he did even what a Jew cannot dare. He says a Jew is not supposed to put their hand on the car of a but this man here because he was in need starving and he had strayed away from the protection of the father. He had to look for something to survive and they give him the worst thing. That's the way the devil does. Just as soon as he can get you started down the hill, he will fight you with everything he's got. He joined himself with a citizen of the country and a citizen give him two big slop buckets to get to go to to go slope the hogs. And then he say, "Think of a place whose boy out there sloping hogs in the pig pen. Think of whose boy sloping down there. A boy whose father is a king." Praise the name of the Lord. And he says away from mother, away from the religion that he once had to keep away from the hogs, now he was rotting out. That's the way the devil will do. He'll get you smoke your first cigarette. There's no harm in it and after a while you are a cigarette find. I tell you there is no harm in taking a sociable drink. I've stood by them before they went to girls. Stood by them before they was electroshooted to be a gambler. I never intended when I was playing cards to be a gambler. I never intended to. You know, he says that's what some of those people say. They never intend to do those things that they they do. Praise the name of the Lord. He says, "I never intended to bottle out of a fueling station. I didn't intend to be a thief. But only thing the devil wants you to do is to start and he will take you on. get over on his ground one time and watch watch him. You know what it means to do wrong, but there is an influence of the power of darkness. The prince of the power of the air that leads you trapped into these things. You've got to stand up, separate yourself from the things of the world, come out and live for Christ. Praise the name of the Lord. That's what the devil does. He wants you to get started. And sometimes one person will influence you into those kind of wrong things kind of wrong habits. And it will begin as you know as the prophet has told us as one you know maybe just miss once you know you just miss one Sunday or Wednesday and it becomes a pattern you just give him an inch and he'll take the whole seat that's what the devil does and that's why we need to think on hours every bit of our lives. Praise the name of the Lord. So this young man, a time came where he came to himself and coming to himself. It took a thorough such it took a thorough self-examination. It took a thorough, you know, thinking on his ways. And in Luke 15:E1 17 the scripture says and when he came to him he said how many hired servants of my fathers have bread enough to to eat and spare and I perish in hunger. In verse 18, he says, "I will now arise and go to my father and will say unto him, Father, I have sinned against heaven and before thee. So we see this young man. The scripture says when he came to himself that always comes after thinking that time you take and you shut in with God. Not listening to what another person is saying but listen what God is saying. That is a time When you look at the things you've done, you look at your history, you look at your past, and you see how to walk right, you see why you need to begin fasting. You see why you need to revive your prayer life. You see why you need every other day. You see why it is important to listen to that broadcast in the morning because that when you stray away the devil gets you deeper into the wrong things. Praise the name of the Lord. Every evening we ought to do so such we need to think about our day. the things that transpired through the day. If at school we are taught that to be successful in these kind of things you must you know do a selfexamination every day. If you are you know a personal executive maybe we whatever job you do you look at you know the things that you did how best you can do it where you failed what are the things that led you to failing and how can you overcome them that's the same thing that we need to do our spiritual life. Praise the name of the Lord. Because if you are to better in anything, you must give it time and you must think about it almost all time. Praise the name of the Lord. This young man, we can see him in a in a in in a peg pit, you know, he's just there. He's feeding the pigs. And then he begin to think about something. He says, "But how did this journey begin? How did I get here?" In the name of the Lord, how did I begin to smoke? How did I begin to, you know, to to to go the disco? How did I begin to do these things? And then you begin, you know, you know, tracking backwards. So it began with a desire of money came to me and told me that we can give you 30 pieces of silver to give us Jesus. It began with a desire to walk with these men here. with a desire to do this and I must clog that channel because once that channel is open channel will be clogged. Praise the name of the lord. So this young man goes on to thinking answer is but see where I am in my father's house there are many servants like me why am I living this way why am I doing these things here praise the name of the lord and he looked at all the friends that inspired him to go and they had deserted him because they were just you know those opportunist All the people that he looked at as he was going down there, they didn't have life in them. Praise the name of the Lord. So the young man thinks on his way and he says this morning and I go back to the house of my father because I know my father is merciful enough to forgive me. I know my father is gracious enough. I know my father. If at all he doesn't treat the servants the way I'm treated here, praise the name of the Lord. As you know, the prophet tells us the scripture speaks and says we are sons and daughters. We have never applied to be that the son is always a son in the house of the father. It doesn't matter where the son has gone. It doesn't matter how far the son has deviated or stride the son because he is born has no he has not just joined. Whoever the son has done, what the father waits for the son to come to himself, recognize his mistakes, the son to recognize where he failed from. Come back to the father and say, "Father, forgive me." And that's what Peter did. We shouldn't stand like Judah. Praise the name of the Lord. and take away grace for others. John never saw grace for himself. But Peter looked up and said, "He's able to forgive me. Cried out because he saw his sin. He saw his mistake. He saw where he had fallen from thinking on his way. I want to inquire. I want to to to to to YOU KNOW TO INVITE you to think on your words. And I don't know how far you've gone. I don't know what is going on in your life, but I know one thing that God, his arms of grace are open wide. Whosoever that thinkketh out and and sees that he desires to come back, he's ready to welcome you. Praise the name of the Lord. The prophet says here like the prodigal son when he was in the pig pen, he came to himself. He begin to think on his wise the way he he he would he would have been treated in his father. You know the way he had treated his father and the way he had treated others he came to himself and as he thought on his ways he said I will arise and go to my father. say I'm not worthy to be your child. Make me one of your hide servants. As he thought on his ways, we turn towards the father's house. And he says in another place, thinking of my father that has all the wealth that he has and all things that he has given to me. Here I am lying here of hunger lying in a hog pit. The Bible said he came to himself and that's what the church needs today is come to themselves. Realize who is your father. Sometimes we act as though we have no heavenly father. The goodness of heaven belongs to the church. Divine healing, separation, freedom from worry or anything all belongs to the church. Jesus died and we inherit all that God has through him. We are of the kingdom. My father is rich in houses and lands. He holds the wealth of this world in his hands. That's how we are. We just come to ourselves. Oh, I can see him as he began to come to himself and say, "Oh, I could just go home. I have sinned and I'm normal. I'm not worthy to go home. So, what can I do?" Praise the name of the Lord. And when the younger man come to the father, what was the response of the father? Praise the name of the lord. The father just saw him from a far off and he couldn't sit in the throne. He came out of the throne. He saw his father that was counted as dead. The father could not withhold himself. Praise the name of the Lord. The scripture says here, let me just get it here. &gt;&gt; He says in verse 19, verse 20, "And he arose and came to his father. He was yet a a great far. His father saw him and had compassion. Then he fell on his neck and he kissed him. THAT'S THE FATHER we have. Are you coming after doing a soul searching after doing a self examination on your journey back home for me father forgive me? The father runs and he begins to kiss you. And he says in verse 21 to him, "Father, I have sinned against heaven and thy sight and I'm no more worth it to be called thy son." But the father said to him, "Bring forth the best robe and put it on him and put a ring on his hand and the on his feet." What is that? The father was restoring the foreign estate of his son. The father was not seeing him. The state that he was coming with. The son was coming as a foreign son. The father was looking at him as his son that has been his son from the beginning. That's how God sees us. kept looking at you and judge you in your sins and your trespasses. You are the son that was him before the beginning. Even when you coming back seeing his perfect son, he open his arms. My son always been my son. Nothing can change that. the name of the Lord. His father, the glory of his son, praise the name of the Lord and he begins, you know, to to to to dress him. As scripture says, the bride has made herself ready put on the righteousness of the Lord begins with dress with his righteousness. And the next thing here the scripture says and bring hither. You know in verse 22, BUT THE FATHER said to his son, "Bring forth the best robe and put a ring on his hand on his feet." You see, and a ring was a seal, giving him back his authority. all that he had. Why? Because he had done and saw such and he recognized all his shortcomings and he came back. Praise the name of the Lord. So in life, it doesn't matter how far you've gone as long as you can recognize your state and know that you are son of God and come back. That's what God wants. Praise the name of the Lord. &gt;&gt; He just wants you to come back and as long as you can come back, then the devil has lost it. Praise the name of the Lord. So he restores the ring, gives the shoes and the best robe there was. And he says, "Bring he the fatted calf, give it, and let us eat and Mary for this my son." He's not saying this was my son. He says this my son. Now, &gt;&gt; praise the name of the Lord. He was dead, you see, and is alive again. What is making him alive again? Made him dead. Recognizing himself and coming back makes him alive again. Praise the name of the Lord. &gt;&gt; So he says he's alive again. &gt;&gt; He was lost. What makes the sheep lost from the presence of the shepherd? But as long as it can see the shepherd, it is not lost. So he says it was lost. He was lost but is found. And the scripture says, "And they began to Mary. &gt;&gt; Why? &gt;&gt; The man recognized who he was. Praise the name of the Lord. He says in the prodical son, he says, I can hear him say, "Oh father, I am not worthy to be your son." maybe one of your hired servants, but I'll go on the father and mother down to the gates. They went no matter what he had done. He's coming home now. Run, threw their arms around him and said, "Go kill the fed. Let's make Mary. This my son that was dead is alive again. He was lost and now he's found. Put a ring on his finger, shoes on his feet. Put the best robe you got in the house on him. And then he says, "That's the attitude of the father to every sinner in here that staggered. I remember when I was lost and undone, dying, a sinner, &gt;&gt; laying on a hospital bed, the doctor said, "I had just a few moments to live, but I cried, turned down the road, and as a child, I ran to meet the heavenly father. He kissed me on the neck. Kissed away all my sins and cares. Put the robe the Holy Spirit on me. Put the wedding ring on my finger. And I'm going somewhere one of these days. Put me in his people here where we can rejoice and live together and be happy. Why? I was once dead, &gt;&gt; now I am alive. &gt;&gt; I was once lost, &gt;&gt; now I'm found. There is many prodigals in the world today. There is prodigal men, prodigal women, and God calls for all to come repent. Is that right? He wants us to come. He wants you, all prodigals everywhere. Praise the name of the Lord. God wants us to come back to him. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; God bless you. &gt;&gt; Let's like there. Just want us to sing one song. There's a song I love so much. I believe I've sung it here. The song How Deep The Father's Love. You see, the Father is always waiting for us back home. You know it's very important to note that the most important thing in life is recognizing your stature your status of God where you're standing. And then the other thing is recognizing that you a son in the kingdom of God. Those two things are the things that keeps us alive in the kingdom of God. Amen. How deep the father. Oh, how was beyond all measure. What he should give his only son to make our riches. Amen. Oh, how great the pain. The father turns his face away as which mother chose him. Glor. Hallelujah. My sing upon his shoulder. A shame I hear my marking. Oh yes. Oh man. It was my sin that held it. Hallelujah. It was a Oh yes, I died. &gt;&gt; Amen. I know that it is. Amen. I will not go steal. is our man. My should I go from here? Oh, I can not give my son. Hallelujah. I'll be my Let's just repeat that second verse. Oh, beholder. &gt;&gt; Just as you see on your wise, I see his &gt;&gt; my s upon his shoulder. &gt;&gt; Hallelujah. I sh my broken love your father. It was my sin that all that my soul was sing it was a hallelujah. You might be here and you have done yourself examination. His love is so deep. Hallelujah. Just thinking on our eyes. Just think about your today. Think about your yesterday. Think about how you've been walking. It's our time to run quickly to the master. Our sins held him there. Hallelujah. Father, we love you. Father, we thank you for your love. We thank you for your blood. Oh heavenly father for we were dead in sin. You came and died Lord for our worthless presses. Lord we are destroyed without God without hope. Father, in your great economy, you devised a way for mankind to come back to you. And how the scripture tells us that the door isn't closed yet, Father. Every other morning, all our desire is to walk with you. Father maybe some here father they have strayed they have gone away from your word Lord Father for the spirit has told us that you can't Father withhold the joy receiving your children back home for you come with your arms of grace open wide receive them Father for they according unto You father one needs before you father like Hezekiah Lord coming to you when the king of Assyria was threatening to take over his nation Lord. Father, he came to you trusting that you are the living God and our heavenly father, we run to you this evening for your children here and needy. Your children here, Father, they have come with different prayer requests, oh God. Father, they desire closer walk with you, but yet it's only you alone. that can cause that. Lord, may you draw them, Lord. For the scripture says, while Jesus was here, he said, "If I be lifted up, I will draw all men unto me." Father, in this growing time, may you draw these souls, Lord, unto you. May you cause these your children, oh heavenly father. to alwaysise for all ties they wear. Always to look unto you, Lord, in everything that they do. For thy blood that never loses its power. For they mercies that are new every morning. May you, oh king of glory, receive their prayers. Lord, may you receive father their pleas. your heavenly father. We thank you for our pastors. We lift our pastoral lord for your strength Lord that you may quicken his body. Father you may continue to use him oh my savior for your will oh God. Father, how we pray that you may bless him for all the labors in your kingdom, for all that he has done for the kingdom. Father, for you alone can reward him. We lift his family into your hands, Lord. We lift our precious pastor Katumba. May your father speak to him. May you use him. May you guide him, oh God. May you continue to Oh, my savior. Use them for your kingdom and the work that lays ahead of them. Lord, for the ministers here, Lord, how I lift them into your hands, oh my savior, that as they do the work of ministering, may you always anoint them and stand with them here to speak to your purchase, we love you and appreciate you. Blessed be your name. glory and honor back unto you in the precious name of our Lord Jesus Christ we pray. Amen. As brother Joshua comes, I will not boast in I believe that's your confession. No far no wisdom but I will boast in Jesus Christ always and resurrection. Why should I gain from misery one? I cannot give an answer. But these I know with all my wounds have paid my run. Amen. We appreciate pastor Martin for the word. Every one of us have to do a soul searching. Amen. Just to remind you on Sunday we will be having two services and brother Steven Dod will be ministering. Amen. So as we shall be going out that song I return to you my brother Wilson if you can give it to us I return to you though I'm broken and pour out my I will run to you with a song of praise, with a punting heart and my soul humbled down. Your word is strength. a life unto my heart. I return to you. I return to you though I'm broken and pour out my heart. I will run to you with a song of praise. With a panting heart and my soul humble down as we go out your word is strength. The light unto my path. Won't you remember? Lord, won't you remember the gro of the faithful? You spread the angelic wings to come just so we Oh Lord, when we are we joins and restore us to your side. Won't you remember? Won't you remember the CR of the faithful? Lord, you spread your angelic wings to guide us away. Oh, and when we are WE s and s. Oh, you guide us and restore us to your son. So I run to you. I return to you. Though I'm broken and pour out my heart. I will run to you with a song of gra with a mighty night in my soul. I'm down. Oh Lord, your word is strength. The life unto my heart. Oh my Lord, your word is strength and the light unto my heart. Heat. Heat.
