################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-10-19 - 2025.10.19 - Bro. Rapp Crook - The Godhead: When God Takes On Skin - Rapp Crook - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-10-19
Title:   2025.10.19 - Bro. Rapp Crook - The Godhead: When God Takes On Skin
Speaker: Rapp Crook
Church:  Literal Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MS9kAGwgCPg
========================================

Halleluah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy. All the glory and all the honor, all the praise. Oh, it makes me want to shout. Halleluah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. It makes me makes me want to shout. Halleluah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. It makes me want to shout. Halleluah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor. Oh, can we just stand and sing that verse this morning? Think about it now. Oh, when I think about the Lord, how he saved me, how he raised me, how he filled me with the Holy Ghost, how he Aren't you glad this morning he healed me to the uttermost. When I think about the Lord, how he picked me up and turned me around, how he placed my feet. Hallelujah. On solid ground. Shout it out. Oh, it makes me want to shout. Hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. It makes me want to shout, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus, Lord. You're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the Oh, sing it now. Makes me makes me want to shout, hallelujah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. It makes me want to shout. Halleluah. Thank you, Jesus. Lord, you're worthy of all the glory and all the honor and all the praise. Yes, Lord, we come before you this morning, God, with that on our hearts. Praise on our hearts, Lord Jesus. God, knowing, God, that Lord, you are the supplier of every need we have. God, you heal us when we're sick. God, you deliver us when we're needing deliverance. God, you fill us when we need filling. God, whatever we come this morning, Lord, and our need is, God, you're there to supply it, Lord. The everlasting water, Lord Jesus, just flows this morning, God. So God, fill my cup this morning, God, as we enter into your presence this morning, God. We know there's a lot of sickness going around, myself included, Lord Jesus. But we just claim our healing right now for all the ones, Lord, out sick, God, and or our pastor coming home. We just thank you Lord for Lord blessing him Lord Jesus with his voice God as he ministers to the young people this weekend God and Lord just uh being for the young being there for the young people Lord this weekend Lord just bless them as they go home today God the end of camp God and Lord we're just so thankful for what you're doing amongst your bride Lord Jesus take control of this service our hearts our minds right now completely unto you Lord we give ourselves to you in Jesus name amen praise the Lord hallelujah let's sing this song this morning as we greet each other. Thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you've done. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, Lord, I give you thanks. I just want to give you thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you've done. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, Lord, I give you thanks. Sing it again. I give you thanks. Oh, thanks. I give you thanks for all you've done. I am so blessed. Hallelujah. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give I'm missing that first verse. Oh, I thank you, Lord, for the strength you give to simply carry on. Through life's toils and tests, the worst and best, you never left me alone. You're always right beside me. And you hear me when I pray. And since I first began, you've been my dearest friend. I give you all the praise. Thanks. Thanks. Hallelujah. I give you thanks for you. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you mercy of my heart. Oh yes. I give you thanks for this moment and I will continually for each day I live your praise to give I bless abundantly. I can't forget that moment when in my life you made such a change and since the spirit came I just want to give you praise. I say thanks. Oh, thanks. Hallelujah. I give you thanks for you. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. So swing low sweet cherry or coming for to carry me home sweet Lord. Oh yes sweet cherry coming. Aren't you ready for that day? Sing that again sweet. Yes sweet cherry. Oh, come me home. Sweet love, sweet cherry. I coming for to carry first. Well, I looked over Jordan and what did I see? Oh, coming to carry me home. A band of angels coming after me. Hallelujah. Coming forth to carry me. Oh, so sweet. Oh, sweet cherry coming for to carry me. Oh, sweet. Sweet cherryot coming for to carry me. Oh, if you get there before I do, oh, coming for to carry me. Oh, tell all my friends I'm coming to tell them now. Coming for to carry me. Sing the sweet. Oh, sweet cherry coming for to carry me home. Oh sweet love. Oh sweet. Hallelujah. Oh coming for to carry me home. If you want to know it's too too high. Go down if you want. That was too low. I feel like maybe &gt;&gt; I shouldn't I shouldn't argue with him. I'm talking to Kenny. You guys are like what are you doing? If you want to know, oh where I'm going, clap your hands this morning. Oh, where I'm going. Going soon. Oh, if anybody asks you, oh where I'm going, where I'm going going to tell me I'm going up beyond. Yes, I'm going up beyond. Oh yes, I'm going up yonder to be with my yonder. Yes, I'm going up yonder. Oh yes, I'm going up yonder to be with my Lord. I'll testify this morning. Now I can take the pain by your strength, the heartache it brings. Yes, Lord. Oh, with comfort in knowing I'll soon be gone. Yes, Lord. Oh, as God gives me grace, I'm going to run this race. Oh, until I see my Savior face to face. Yes, I'm going be. Oh yes, I'm going to be in my Yes, I'm going. Yes, I'm going. Oh yes, Lord. To be with my Lord. Hallelujah. Give him some praise this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. You may be seated. I should have trusted Kenny. I was at the peak of my voice there. It's like that was a lot. Okay, I'll trust you next time, Kenny. Praise the Lord. I'm excited for that day. Aren't you? Praise the Lord. I'm getting sick of this world. I just get just the pressures. It just seems like it's just getting more and more. Sometimes you wonder. It's like you just question question things. But you know what's done in your soul, right? But you understand the pressures outside. It's just getting more and more. But then there's a day coming when that when we'll see our Lord's face once. I'm just so excited for that day this morning. Praise God. Hallelujah. Amen. We can talk about the We can talk about, you know, the heavenly places we live right now, but our full resurrection is coming. Amen. And I can't wait till we have that body change. Hallelujah. Praise God. It makes me excited this morning. I I was reading uh it was this morning and this week, but it's an older hymn, but I love the words to it. Once it was the blessing. Does anyone know that song? Once it was the blessing. pull that song up and I'll attempt to sing it. So, if you know it, I think it was key of Eflat. Once it was the blessing, now it is the Lord. Once it was the feeling, now it is his word. Once his gift I wanted, now the G. Once I sought for healing, now himself alone. Hallelujah. Oh, all in all forever. Only Christ I'll sing. Everything is in Christ. Christ is everything. Hallelujah. Oh, once was busy planning, now distrustful prayer. Once was anious care. Aren't you glad this morning? Now he has the care. Yes, Lord. Oh, once was what I wanted. Now what Jesus says. Thank you Lord. Once was constant asking now to ceaseless praise. All in all in it all forever. Only Christ I'll sing. Everything is in Christ. Christ is everything. Yes, Lord. Oh, once was ceaseless holding. Now he holds me fast. Once was constant drifting. Now my anchors cast. Hallelujah. Oh once for Christ I waited. Now his coming care. Oh, once I longed to see him. Oh, now he's been undead. All in all, all in it all forever. All Christ I'll sing. Oh, everything is crying Christ is. Can we sing that chorus again? All it all go all in it all forever. Only Christ I'll sing. Everything is in Christ and Christ is last one. Last verse. Oh it was a mystery. How a secret friend. Oh, once it was in heaven, now in falling man. Oh, once I hoped in Jesus. Hallelujah. Now I know he's mine. Once I thought he loved. Hallelujah. Now I am. Now I am his bride. All in all, all in it all forever. Oh only Christ. Oh yes, Lord. Oh everything is in Christ and Christ is everything. Wow. Praise the Lord. I didn't even know that last line in there. Pull up that last verse. Pull up that last verse again. Once I sought once I thought he loved me. Now there's no question about it. Now I am his bride. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Praise Praise the Lord. Jesus, lamb of God. Let's all stand and sing it. Worthy is your name. Oh Jesus, the lamb of God, worthy. Sing that again. Jesus. Oh Jesus, the lamb of God. Oh, worthy is your name. Oh Jesus, the lamb of God. Oh, worthy. Help me sing these verses with all your heart this morning. Just worship them now. First verse. You are my strength. Oh, you are my strength when I am weak. You are the treasure that I seek. You are my all in. All is here on this morning. Oh, seeking seeking you as a precious Lord to give Lord to give up. I'd be a fool. You are my all your heart. Oh Jesus. Jesus the lamb of God. Worthy your name. Oh Jesus. Oh lamb of God. Worthy. Let's take it up one more time. Oh yeah. Second verse. Oh. Taking my sin, my cross, my shame. Rising again. I bless your name. You are my When I fall down, you pick me up. And when I am dry, you fill my cup. For you are my ownus. Oh God, worthy. As a prayer must come this morning. Oh Jesus. Jesus the lamb of God worthy your name. Just the voices we'll saw Jesus the lamb of God. Worthy is your name. Jesus, lamb of God, worthy is your name. Hallel give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Hallelujah. You are worthy this morning, God. Hallelujah. Praise the types and offerings come this morning. We'll sing this one. And uh we also have a special. So, brother Mike will bring make your way up. Um and we'll sing this one. Our assistant pastor said it. So, he said to do a upbeat song. So, you guys are in for it. Get all excited this morning. Let's sing this one. Get all excited. Go tell everybody that Jesus Christ is king. Come on and get all excited. Tell everybody that Jesus Christ is king. Oh, get all excited. Go tell everybody that Jesus Christ is king. My Jesus Christ is the king of kings. Sing again. Oh yes. But just get all excited. Go tell everybody Jesus Christ is king. Oh get all excited. Go tell everybody Jesus Christ is king. Oh go tell everybody that Jesus Christ is king. Oh Jesus Christ is still the king of his. Oh, you talk about people. You talk about things that really are important at all. Oh, you talk about weather. You talk about problems we have here at moment of friend. I'm excited about the solution for the world. I'm going to sh Jesus Christ is still the king of kings. Get all excited. Get outside. Tell everybody that Jesus Christ is king. Oh, get outside. Tell everybody that Jesus Christ is king. Oh, tell everybody that Jesus Christ is king. My Jesus Christ, King of Kings this morning. Hallelujah. Amen. Thank you, Father. Praise the Lord. Quick one before I sing this song. I just want to give a a thank God for healing my voice. It's been three weeks, two weeks, but I'm I'm back again. So, thank God I'm still getting back up again. But the testimony I have before I sing this song was what happened yesterday. And um if you know, my wife has a little business she does where she does um uh baked goods at the farmers market. Every Saturday we go there. But yesterday was very different. I had a dream before we left in the morning and every time God gives me like a caution I'm kind of watchful. So I was kind of watchful like what's going to happen like brother said if when God shows you a dream ahead is already give me a victory and with that you just have to watch your environment. So, we got to the farmers market and um I had to get some things and my wife, she was there were all set up and then there was this LGBTQ man or woman, I can't tell, next to us who was also a vendor. And she um he or she um was trying to set up, but my wife, you know, the kind of person she is, she's trying to help the person cuz they have some items, they didn't arrive, right? So, she called me and said, "Why you out? Can you get this item for this person and buy?" So I went Dollar to Dollar Tree, bought some things, but before I came back, something happened. While they having conversation, um they got to the point to where my wife told the person, "Sir, and he or she got mad and then started cursing and that I'm a woman. I'm a B woman, but has pants on, look like a man, voice like a man, everything." and he got into a little conversation, but he was shouting and you know and you know calling her you guys wear skirts and you know just trying to get at a person and what she stand for you know and but I was not there at that point in time by the time I came back you know I brought the item and said you can give it to the person I was like okay I'll talk to him so she called my wife called the person and said hey um I apologize the be, you know, even though she was not at fault cuz, you know, she just wanted to have a good conversation like, you know, I said it's your choice if you want to be there, but I don't know whether you're s ma, but still for her to step back and go talk to the person even though they were wrong all the way. And then when she gave her the the cups she needed and she was like, "Do you really want to give me that cup?" And cuz I'm sure that that person's never seen anybody like that. who is wrong but we've still come to you and said I'm sorry I don't I don't mean I don't want to also have that kind of conversation you can have this too so that took them back a little bit I'm sure I told my wife that's going to make that person think all night &gt;&gt; and it talks about and I just and so last night I was talking to my wife and we just in the kitchen she was working and I was just thinking you know they don't know any better &gt;&gt; but if they know better they will do better but that's all they know and They just need someone that will show them the love of Christ. You know that will, you know, that love will change them and make them think. And you don't know whether they God's children. &gt;&gt; So I want to sing this song. We will be Jesus this morning. Amen. He came home for from work last night to find that she was gone. Now he's spending days for Sunday sitting in the pew alone. There are whispers all around him. His heart's breaks in two. He's wondering, "Would we reach out and help him make through? Who will be Jesus to him? Who show the love that restores him again?" He doesn't need a judge. He needs a friend. Who will be Jesus to him? She has a reputation like the woman at the well. The only love she ever kn is the kind she buys and sells. But a thirsty heart is searching for a love that will be true. The Savior cries for her to see himself in me and you will be Jesus to her. Who show the love that's commanded in his word? She's seen in us. The mighty God we serve. Who will be Jesus to reus to them? who show the love that restores them again. They do not need a judge. They need a friend who will be Jesus to the end. Who will be Jesus to the vain? Thank you. God bless you all this morning. Brother Michael, that was just uh just beautiful. Boy, I could think we could just close and go home. And enough's been said. Amen. Maybe we could just stand while we're uh getting started here. Here we go. Trust we're doing well on this fall morning. Let's see here. Could we open up our Bibles to the book of John, chapter 1? I had on my heart earlier in the week to to speak on the uh subject of the Godhead which um when you hear that you kind of have a tendency oh no what a deep theoretical abstract um topic and that's exactly um it should be anything but that and I just say brother Michael's sermon revealed what the what the doctrine of the godhead is. Are we willing to be God and flesh to somebody? That is the point. And the sermon in a nutshell is the devil has done everything to make it anything but that to make the doctrine of godhead any abstract to make it theoretical but not practical. Um John chapter 1 and verse 18 believe it is. Yes. No man hath seen God at any time. And that is the problem because how can you have a relationship with someone you can't see? You don't even know where they are. No man hath seen God at any time. That is the that that kind of encapsulates the problem that we as humanity have. Um we have a need we have a need for a God, but no man's ever seen God before. So we're kind of uh up a creek as it were. But the only begotten son which is in the bosom of the father, he hath declared him. So the point of Jesus's ministry was to make God tangible to us, to make God visible to us. God wanted to bridge the gap so that he became part of our world so that we could become part of his world. That is what we're also called to do today. Let's just pray. Heavenly Father, we just ask your blessing upon our service today. Lord, I just Lord, thank you for the for the Christ that was in Sister Jennifer. Lord, Lord, what a what a what a difficult situation, Lord. And that could have gone all kinds of different ways, but my what a ministry of Christ, Lord. She just showed that, Lord. And I just thank you for that testimony, Lord. I thank you, Lord, that how much we can learn from that. I pray oh God that you would help each one of us to look outside of ourselves to see the needs around us Lord and may we just be a channel that you would work through oh God we ask your blessing on this service in Jesus name. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. So, we know the uh I mean, nobody likes uh having uh we can probably remember when we were kids at night and and being scared and all that and how much it means when mom or dad can come inside and and pray with us and and just calm things down because when we're scared like that, a theoretical and abstract God isn't what we need. That doesn't help. We want we cry out for a God with skin on it. And the God of the Bible is the only God with skin on it. &gt;&gt; Remember the story about Baal and the and uh the prophets of Baal and Elijah. Elijah's God was a God with skin on it. He came he came from his world down to Elijah's world to show that he was there. But the prophets of Baal, they served a God Elijah was was mocking them. You've been praying. You've been crying out to your God. But where is he? Maybe he's on a journey. Maybe he's maybe he's busy. Maybe he's taking a nap. The prophets of Baal did not serve a god who could come down and take on flesh and be and to and and and be a god with skin on it. So, no man has seen God at any time. And uh the beauty of the truth about the godhead is um it brings God with skin on it. So I want to this um this year is uh the 1700th anniversary of a uh of a important historical event. Um it was uh 1700 years ago I think back in May or June that the council of Nika came together and um they uh formalized the trinity doctrine. Just want to take a little bit a few minutes here just looking at um what the trinity doctrine um contributed um to understanding of the doctrine of God. I think it swed more confusion than anything. And it's been if you read any uh if you read any periodicals or anything like that from the Christian press, it's uh they've been advertising conferences all year. Back in June, there was a a conference about uh about Nika celebrating its anniversary this coming week. There will be one in Istanbul uh celebrating the unity of the faith that came about because of the doctrine of n the doctrine of the trinity at Nika. But um here this was a this was a a conference of bishops that was called called together by Emperor Constantine. And uh you probably know some of the history, but it's basically just trying to um patch together a political unity. And uh the emperor was there. He was uh he was the one that actually came together and uh and came up with the wording to patch over the differences between uh uh those who were who who didn't think that Jesus was quite God, the Aryans, and and the other ones who thought it was more more two gods or three separate gods. and and Constantine came up with the saying, let's just say that God is one substance but uh three persons and um and that was able to he was able to to force that through and and patch things together. But um when it when I when you think about the the the the pride it must take for for human beings to try to define God. &gt;&gt; It'd be like an insect trying to say what it's like to uh to build a a house, to run a family, to run a country. He the insect has no idea about what it is to be a human being, to be in our world. And that's the same kind of jump that it takes for human beings to try to define God. And I kind of think uh the trinity you can you can there there are some they'll there can be different scriptures that come up and you can get into the weeds sometimes when you when you talk with it with a trinitarian. But I want to take a look at like a the the wide version, the wide angle view of it because I think that the trinity doctrine is wrong on the widest level possible because it gets the story completely wrong. In fact, it takes the story out completely. It would be like um we know the story of uh the old uh fairy tale Snow White and the Seven Dwarves and we know uh Snow White's there and uh she's kind of take keeping house for the dwarves and everything and they're going off to the mine doing whatever they do there in the mine. And while she's uh while she's there at the house, um the stepmother or wicked witch, whatever it is, comes and offers her this beautiful apple and she takes a bite of this apple and like everything falls apart and she's dead. She seems like is dead. What would it be like if the dwarves come back and they perform an autopsy? That messes the story completely up. Or what would it be like if you have um another fairy tale um Sleeping Beauty. She pricks her finger there on the spindle and is in this swoon for years and years and years. And finally the prince comes and he's stunned that this this woman has been dead so long. How could she be preserved so long, hasn't gone into decay? We need to find out. Let's cut her up and see why this is that story is wrong on a on on a really high level because it's it it's taking the story out. And that's the way the trinity is wrong. It it takes it's like you get together and um I almost put a picture of this upper breath. We just had breakfast. We're having lunch in about an hour or so. But be like having a a frog dissection and you can cut the frog open and and pin the skin back and you can start pointing out organs and you can have a greater under better understanding of the frog but you kill the frog in the process and that's kind of like what happens at Na I think you cut the frog open you cut God open as it were that says a lot that little human beings can do that to God but they're trying to dissect God. In the process, you take the very life out of um out of the one you're trying to serve. And I kind of look at this this drawing that's so uh that's so famous. It's kind of tries to explain what the Trinity doctrine is. To me, this is the frog on the dissection table. It's been peeled back. And you can kind of see different body parts, but you've had to take it all apart and you've killed God's influence there in the process. Now um if you I just want to in share a few quotations from a few um modern uh um trinitarians as they reflect upon the trinity. Here's Alistister McGrathink. He's an Oxford uh um theologian. He says the doctrine of the trinity is unquestionably one of the most perplexing aspects of Christian theology. And he says the phrase three persons one substance is not exactly illuminating to say the least. It obfuscates it confuses. When you think the ministry of Jesus of Nazareth when God became flesh it was to illuminate to become clearer to become one with his creation. And now it's all been confused. And um another historian said the concept of the persons is indeed a highly problematical element in the doctrine of the trinity. And indeed it is what you had at the doct at the council of Nika. You've got um Greek or henistic uh bishops and philosophers coming together and talking about a god from the Hebrew and Christian uh Bible. and they're approaching it from a completely different standpoint. &gt;&gt; Completely. That's why that's why the I could say it's it's wrong but on a very high level. It' be like like um Snow White being dissected to see what the cause of death is. The story is wrong on a really high level. It's it's completely wrong. Um and here's another this is um a um a Swiss theologian says it's beyond dispute that the council of Nika remained utterly imprisoned and henistic or Greek concepts, notions and thought models which would have been completely alien to the Jew Jesus of Nazareth and the earliest community. And at that council of Nika, there were some bishops who tried to hold to let's just talk about God using language that God gave, using just Bible text, scriptures. We'll see what the scripture says about God. And other bishops from the other side, they just kind of laughed and because they were countering the scriptures with with Greek philosophical concepts, Greek ideas. And finally these bishops they put the Bible aside and they started moving to that ground talking about God as a philosophical concept and that's when they lost it because they moved to the enemy's ground and abandoned what the word said and Hanskung goes on to say here in particular the shift from the Jewish Christian apocalyptic paradigm as means God is coming back soon that's the idea of the apocalyptic paradigm to the early church henistic paradigm had a massive effect. They could have gone from a completely different foundation from them from that of the Bible to Aristotle, Plato and those things. And I just want to talk the way I kind some of this can kind of be tricky to to follow, but if I were to summarize it this way, it's like the Greeks approached God as though he were a noun to be thought about, to be understood, to be plucked apart and do all kinds of word studies on. But the Jews approached God as though he's a verb to be experienced. God's not a noun, but God that is not a noun, but God that is a verb coming into our life to change us. &gt;&gt; And here's a really nice uh nice little book we might have in our library. I don't know. But uh brother Mark Strokorb writes, "The ancient Judeaic paradigm or model was dynamic. You have a God who leaves heaven, reveals himself on earth, and we don't understand how that happens, but it doesn't matter. It was a dynamic model based upon that which is directly revealed whether it could be immediately conceptualized or not. We don't have to understand it. God just comes into our world and hallelujah, that's enough. But the Greeks, they wouldn't accept it unless they could explain it, which is really hard when you have a God who's bigger than you are. This is why for the Jew, God's prophets were so important. They were the link, as it were, between God and man. How God would communicate. The doctrine of the Godhead, it's not a noun, but is a verb. Brother says, "What is it?" It's God condescending God trying to work himself back into his creatures that he created. And um I think it's 1 Timothy 3:16. Great is the mystery of godliness. God was manifested in the flesh, seen of angels, received up into glory, etc. That is what God is. That's what the doctrine of the Godhead is all about. It's a verb. God coming down into our world. So, you've got somebody I've used this example before. You got a bird lover. Loves going out uh looking at the eagles, looking at the birds. Great thing. Um you've also got another You got a bird lover who uh um might like to go out and he might be uh not a not just a a bird watcher. He's a taxiderermist. He loves birds, too. Well, who loves the birds better? the taxiderermist or the bird watcher. One of them in order to perform their art requires a dead bird. And that's kind of how I think a trinitarian at the doctrine of nysa approaches it. He wants that bird. He wants to be master of that bird. He wants to be able to explain that bird. But that's not how God works. We learn the most about God when we just look to him and let him reveal himself to us on his own terms. That is the beauty of the doctrine of the Godhead. We want a God with skin on it. God comes when we need him and he reveals himself to us. And I just want to think about the the the song that brother Michael sang, the the story behind the special, how important it is to be aware of the needs around us every day &gt;&gt; because he can I I I remember when I went to college um I was thinking I want to be a witness. I live there on campus. How can I be a testimony? and my thought, my idea how to be a testament. I want to be able to explain to somebody the Godhead, water baptism, Malachi 4. But you know what? Most of those college kids didn't even accept that the Bible was God's word. And it's very easy sometimes to flippantly answer questions. You know, Jesus is the answer. Got a problem? Jesus is the answer. Got a problem? Jesus is the answer. But we don't go around just spouting off answers until we know what the question is. Until we take the time to walk with the person a little bit. What's the question? What's the question? And sometimes just listening, caring enough to go out there. There's a lot of pain out in the world today. There's a lot of desire for connection. And there's a lot of people who are disappointed and jaded because they've looked for help in all the wrong places. and it's been wrong again and again and again. And what people want is a God with skin on him. &gt;&gt; So when we see among our co-workers, among our fellow students, eyes with pain, hurt, that's the chance to take a bit of a risk and lean into that tough day today. Hey, I'd love to I'm so sorry. I'd love to pray for you. And then follow up. We don't even have to go throwing Bible verses at him. I remember um someone said, "Don't talk to somebody about the Lord until you've talked to the Lord about the somebody." &gt;&gt; Sometimes, Sister Randy, that was your dad. He was came down the chapel service and and I I've never forgotten it was probably over 25 years ago. But that's what it takes. getting in to that person's world because that's what God did. He left the portals of heaven to come down into our world. &gt;&gt; If you want to get to know a little kid, how do you do that? You go over there, he's playing with trains, Thomas a train, Legos. You become part of his world. You get on the ground and you start setting it up and you do all that stuff. You do that. you become part of his world because if you don't do that, he'll never become part of your world. And that's what God did. He put all of the things from all all the things that we would say were more important or more glory. He pushed those all aside and he became part of our world. &gt;&gt; He came down was doing whatever we were doing. Who knows what he did with little kids as he was walking through Judea. He might have helped them build forts. He might he got he became part of their world. And that's our challenge to become part of somebody else's world. It's so easy to get so busy to see only our priorities and never become part of somebody else's world because the doctrine of the God that is immensely practical because it shows how God became part of our world so that we could be touched by him and God wants to do that still today in us. That's kind of where we're headed. That's what all of us adults think the same thing. God with skin on it. God with skin on it. It might sound like a nut to the world, but it's drawing all men unto him. Because when God came into our world, when we draw go into someone else's, I guarantee you, Sister Jennifer, that person you spoke to hasn't forgotten you. &gt;&gt; Hasn't forgotten you a bit. And what that is, it's going to draw somebody. You're a puzzle. You're an enigma. They can't figure that out. And it's not you, it's God in you. But that draws cuz that would have been the perfect element. You grab the MAGA hat and you just have a culture war there at the there at the farmers market. Yeah. We're going to prove that we're right. Yeah. That's completely wrong. &gt;&gt; That's completely the wrong kingdom. Wrong priorities. Can we forget about those things? God cares about a human soul right there. That's the most important thing. &gt;&gt; So, when we're talking about the Godhead, many of you have probably heard lots and lots of sermons about the Godhead. What's the big deal? Why another sermon on the Godhead? I wanted to look at three parts. I why I think this is an important thing to still talk about. The truth of the Godhead shows God's heart. A false teaching on the gods that like the trinity doctrine will make it just something that you can puzzle about, think about, try to understand. God's much bigger than that. The truth of the godhead shows God's heart. It shows the story. And there in every human being, there's a thirst for the story. And this gives us the story. And it also I want to talk about the truth of the doctrine of the godhead shows the importance of the believer's position not just who we are but also what our role is in the story. It's an important thing God wants to be understood and we watch God in action to see that. In this message from the revelation of Jesus Christ series, brother Brandham is talking about Joseph. He's talking about the types and shadows. Think of Benjamin and the 144,000. And he's just he's just kind of going on explain the types there. And then he just says here, hold up, hold up. I just can't seem to get away from that. Seem like somebody's not getting it somewhere. Look, in the beginning, he's showing about redemption. He God wants it to be gotten to be understood. Let me show you something again. The Holy Spirit warns me to do this. I'm leaving my subject for a minute because God wants to be understood. When the first news come to glory that the son had been lost, Adam, did God send an angel? No. Did he send a son? No. Did he send anyone else? He came himself to redeem his lost son. Hallelujah. God didn't trust with no one but himself. God was made flesh, dwelt among us, and redeemed man himself. &gt;&gt; This shows God's heart. There's a problem. I'm not just imagine there's a problem at work. Wife calls. Serious problem. And then you go call your secretary. Hey, could you take care of this for me? That's not what God does. There's a problem. You push everything to the side. You go yourself. That's that's what God did. And this show the doctrine that God had, the truth of it shows God's heart. He's not sending someone else to redeem man. He's coming himself. Now, it's important to realize that um God can't be explained by any human model. When we try to explain God, he's going to come and blow up our explanation in some way because he's going to be bigger than our model. We can only understand God as he reveals himself. Now the Old Testament gave us a warning that um thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image because a graven image could be understood to be a kind of a three-dimensional model. This is this is God. This is the form of God. We're going to worship this image. But I think the idea of a um an image can be also perhaps a a mental image. And we need to be careful setting up any mental images. I think the trinity doctrine could be um a transgression of Exodus 20:4 because it is a it is a mental image of how um of how God how how we're trying to explain God. But it's based again on Greek philosophy, not scripture. And um any scriptural explanation of the God, it has to start out with God's own explanation. Here, O Israel, the Lord our God is one Lord. But um if we look at this a little bit because the Trinity model is going to say the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit, they're all God. But the Father is not the son. The Son's not the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit's not the father. But if we start looking at different scriptures, this model breaks down fast. Cuz how could Mary be found with child of the Holy Ghost? If the Holy Ghost and the father are not the same one, &gt;&gt; that kind of breaks apart. And um one God and father of all who's above all and through all and in you all. &gt;&gt; This verse says that the father is in you. But I thought that the Holy Spirit came and indwelt us. The scripture doesn't support the model. &gt;&gt; It's just another scripture. Isaiah 9:6. Who does this talk about? For unto us a child is born. Unto us a son is given. Who's this talking about? Talking about Jesus. It's talking about the Messiah. Well, Isaiah goes on and says, "And his name shall be called Wonderful Counselor, the mighty God, the everlasting father." Amen. &gt;&gt; How does that work? &gt;&gt; It doesn't It doesn't It doesn't match. Jesus will say, "He that hath seen me hath seen the Father." &gt;&gt; The Father that dwelleth in me doeth the works. It looks like a really neat diagram. And wow, this is cool. But the the scriptures don't bear it out. John 10:30, I and my father are one. And then you got the other connection. and the son is not the holy spirit yet Jesus says I will not leave you comfortless I will come to you how is that going to work and then finally in the book of acts the human model is completely blown up because when when saul was on the road to Damascus and um this pillar of light comes and knocks him off of his horse and um and this this this v this pulsating Right. And Paul's Saul's a Jew. He would he would associate that with with Jehovah from the Old Testament with with the pillar of fire. That's &gt;&gt; right. &gt;&gt; And then how does that pillar of fire identify itself? I am Jesus whom thou persecutest. Well, Saul couldn't persecute Jesus because Jesus Saul would probably have said, "We haven't found his body yet." Saul couldn't be persecuting him. But he's grabbing these believers. He's grabbing these guys. You're Christians. Yeah. I'm going to grab you and throw you into prison. I'm going to beat you up. I'm going to grab Yeah. I'm going to beat you. Is your dad a preacher? Yeah. Is your dad a whatever? Bum. Boom. I'm persecuting him. Have I persecuted Jesus there? &gt;&gt; Have I? &gt;&gt; The Bible says I did &gt;&gt; because the spirit of Christ is in him. So, how can how could how can the spirit of God be in this young man? It's it's bigger. The truth of God is bigger than any human model could ever be. And the truth is that the Jehovah of the Old Testament is the Jesus of the New Testament. &gt;&gt; And we can take a look here. We have our nice little nice little model we've been talking about. And I I saw this example when I taught geometry a couple years ago. Um they try to put the doctrine of the trinity in every kind of part of the your Christian curriculum they can. In my geometry book, we're we're studying triangles and and they say, "Hey, look, the triangle. It's a perfect example of of the trinity. It's the it's the best uh it's the strongest shape and everything like that." And I just got to think how how can I address this? But when you look at yes there's a father there's a fatherhood of God sunship of God holy ghost of God those are all offices but there's an infinite number of attributes of God. So as soon as we start layering on more attributes of God, &gt;&gt; as you get more sides to a polygon, a polygon with an infinite number of sides is simply a circle. &gt;&gt; And I think that's the best explanation for God. He has he has more attributes than we can fathom. &gt;&gt; I mean, you guys who've been married for many years, do you ever discover another side to your spouse? I do. I think I've gotten to know my wife and all of a sudden she comes out of left field with another idea like man how am I ever going to get to know this lady but um and God even more God is an infinite number of attributes so I think it's better to say the circle is a better symbol of God than our explanation of this uh of this triangle if we have to build a if we feel we have to build an image of God for ourselves which one of these better captures God's unity, God's eternality, the circle does. So, going back to our question, what's the big deal? Well, God's heart, God comes himself. He entrusts redemption to no other person. He comes himself. And then there's the drama of God's plan. God wants to make himself known to us. And the true understanding of the doctrine of the godhead captures this much better than the Trinity model. Because again, the Trinity model, it's just guys around the table coming up with metaphysical concepts that they're just what can best explain. But the truth of the Godhead comes when bam, God comes and lands on the table. &gt;&gt; And he's much bigger than anybody's explanation. 1 Timothy 6:16 describing God, Paul writes, "He dwells in the light which no man can approach unto whom no man hath seen nor can see." This kind of also is one a scripture that captures the problem of redemption. How can you get to know God when you can't even approach unto him? No man has seen God. No man can see God. And this isn't like the Wizard of Oz who is behind the curtain and is trying to keep you at a distance because the the more mystery there is about this, the more power he has behind the curtain. No, God wants to tear the curtain down and become known. But how? This is a problem. The only way for this indivisible God to become visible is if he were to take on skin. I mean, if you were just imagine you have somebody, let's just imagine that uh that Marcus were invisible. He couldn't be seen here. Let's just imagine that. The only I so I just think, man, there's nobody sitting next to Benjamin. I'm just going to throw my coat right THERE. I GO, "WHAT IS THAT?" All of a sudden, I see there's it landed on somebody and I see there's something. I'm sorry. You worked really hard on your hair this morning and I just messed it completely up. But when God takes on skin like this, all of a sudden, I see somebody's there. &gt;&gt; And that's what God did. He came into our world and took on skin. That's the only way that I can see. There's somebody behind the curtain, so to speak. There's somebody there. That's the only way that God could have done that. So when God says, "Verily, thou art to God that hideest thyself." Brother Paul must have really short coats. When Isaiah writes, "Thou art a God that hideest thyself, oh God of Israel, the Savior." It's not the kind of hide and seek, &gt;&gt; that's talking about, "I'm going to try to make it as hard as I can make it for him to find me. It's going to be impossible." God isn't hiding himself on purpose so that we can't find him. &gt;&gt; Again, the drama of the plan. What little kids don't like a game of hide-and-seek. I'm out here somewhere. Hello. Then little kids run around. They love it. They love it. And all said, "Hey, there's we found them. We found them." God hides himself so that we can experience the joy of finding him. And the only way that we can find him, you know, you play hide-and-seek with a three-year-old, you have to start tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet, tweet. You're giving hints and they they're getting closer and closer. You're there. He is. That's the only way we can find God is that he comes to us, gives us little hints along the way, and then YAY, WE FOUND ONE ANOTHER. YES, that's the drama of God's plan. So when God hides himself, it's not to frustrate us. &gt;&gt; That is God is that's not God's intention. That's the intention of the Trinity doctrine &gt;&gt; to throw a veil over there. You can't ever you can't ever figure God out. So stop. I can remember at school, I was at a Baptist school. I I I I attended there for years and we had an evangelist come through one time and after his chapel message, he took questions and answers. One of the questions that was raised from one of my uh fellow students, real sincere young lady, but she asked, "Who are we supposed to pray to? Am I supposed to pray to Jesus or am I supposed to pray to the father?" and wow what I understand why she would ask the question if you've been taught this but that's miss it just shows what's wrong with the doctrine it creates more questions than it answers the point the whole thing is God becoming tangible he wants to be known and the only way that he can be known by us is to take on a form that we can see him in brother Bran will talk about this god in morphe God taking on a form so that we can have contact with them. And that's what these kids need at night, scared to death. They're not going to be happy if you're just lying in bed. It's okay, Job. DON'T WORRY. JUST GO BACK to sleep. No, they want you to come into the room. &gt;&gt; Sit next to them. Pray with them. They want God with skin on it. And we talked about the book of Job earlier this year. When we don't know where God is, we get nervous. And Job was like that. He said, "Behold, I go forward, but I can't find God. He's not there. I look backward. I can't perceive him. On the left hand, where he's supposed to be working, I can't behold him. And then on the right hand, I cannot see him. Where's God?" It's driving Job nuts. He He He's suffering because he can't see God in this trial. And then at the end of the book of Job, God comes. &gt;&gt; God comes in a way that Job can perceive him. &gt;&gt; It's not just this wind coming. Because inside that wind is the invisible God. &gt;&gt; If God hadn't come the whirlwind, if he just come, &gt;&gt; you can't see him. &gt;&gt; You can't perceive him. You can't sense him. God came and something's here. We feel something's different. And God spoke. God came in the whirlwind so that Job could perceive God. He spoke to him so Job could perceive him. The Lord answered Job out of the whirlwind. So the whirlwind was something perceptible to our senses that was hiding God. &gt;&gt; That was that God coming in a form. And um some of these slides, remember brother Steven years ago I I went through a studies of the godhead that he put together and this is a I uh I plagiarized his slides here. Brother Steven footnote time stamp we've got it. Thank you so much. In the Exodus, the Lord went before the children of Israel by day in a pillar of fire to lead them in the way and by night sorry in a pillar of cloud and by night in a pillar of fire. And then when they're between the rock and the hard place, between the Red Sea and Pharaoh's chariots, in the morning, the Lord looked under the host of the Egyptians through the pillar of fire and of the cloud. The children of Israel see the cloud. They see the pillar of fire. What they don't see is God, but God's looking through them to see them. &gt;&gt; These are forms that God takes. And this is their way. This is God's way of making himself known to the children of Israel. God was there in that cloud. God was there in that pillar of fire. He's looking out of the pillar of fire. And he sees the children of Israel there. God has again taken on a form. God has come into their world to lead them out of their problems, out of their situations into his world. Let's take a look another example of God coming into form. is the drama of God's plan. God comes in a form. God meets us where we are in a way that we can perceive it. In the book of Judges chapter 6, here you have Gideon and he's sitting there threshing wheat uh where no one can see him hopefully because he's afraid the Midionites if they see him they'll come and get him. And it says, "There came an angel of the Lord and sat under an oak which was an Ofra." And verse 14 says, "The Lord looked upon him and said,"And then it says verse 16, "And the Lord said unto Gideon, surely I will be with thee." Who was that? Gideon looks and he sees a man. &gt;&gt; He sees a guy that he hasn't seen them before. A little spooky. He hadn't met him there. He doesn't know what who he is. what he is, but to him he just looks like another guy. But the scripture identifies this as an angel of the Lord, the Lord himself. God came to Gideon in a form of flesh and blood, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; And you see more and more of these flesh and blood forms throughout the Old Testament. It's like foreshadowing. This is the way God's going to come. This is the way God likes to reveal himself. Flesh and blood form, flesh. And then finally in Jesus of Nazareth all the godhead comes right into him. Another a flesh and blood form coming upon him and it just uh it blows Gideon's mind but it's God coming in a form. Now let's take a look at our Bibles. Judges chapter 13. I don't have this one on the slides, but this is one that um captures a bit of the um confusion that someone could have when an angel of the Lord comes to them and is trying to figure out who exactly is this person I'm dealing with here. And this is when the angel of the Lord appears to um Mrs. Monoah because Monoah and his wife um they've been married many years, hadn't had any children. And verse three says, "The angel of the Lord appears unto the woman and said unto her, behold now you're barren and don't bear children, but you shall conceive and bear a son." Who came to her? The scripture says, verse three, "An angel of the Lord came to her." Now, if you skip down to verse six, um when her husband comes home from work, how was your day, honey? All of a sudden, she starts explaining what this angel of the Lord spoke to her. And they have a conversation. And verse 6 says, 'The woman came and told her husband, saying, "A man of God came unto me." That sounds a little bit more understandable than saying, "An angel of the Lord came to me." But the Bible says it was an angel of the Lord. She identifies as though a man of God came to me. His countenance was like the angel of the was of an angel of God. Very terrible. He wouldn't tell me his name. Now verse 10, uh, Monoah has prayed and he says, "It's great, God, for you to reveal this to my wife, but I'd appreciate having a revelation of it myself." That's what he prays. And God hearkened to the voice of Monoah. And the angel of God came again and um to the woman as she sat in the field, but Manoah, her husband, wasn't with her. In verse 10, the woman makes haste and ran and showed her husband said, "Look, there's the man that appeared to me the other day. He ca he's the one who came to me. How does she identify him? There's the man." &gt;&gt; And then um Monoah talks to him and uh the angel of the Lord speaks to him in verse 13, verse 21. It's only after Monoah has made an altar sacrifice and this man this visitor comes he steps upon the altar and goes up in the flame and then Monoah says wow then he knows it was an angel of the Lord and Monoah says we shall surely die because we have seen God. &gt;&gt; So who was this an angel of the Lord? a man of God, a man who came by the other day, and then he says, "We've seen God himself." &gt;&gt; They're all right. &gt;&gt; Because God has taken on human flesh, the angel of the Lord, that's the way that God appears in the Old Testament when God Almighty takes on human flesh to reveal himself to somebody. But he enters their world. This is just the same as if you were going down and entering the world of your son or daughter. They're struggling with something. You can say from a far, "Ah, it'll be okay. Study for your test. Next time you'll get a little better grade." That's not going to touch them. You get down on their world, I know it was a tough day today. I know you're disappointed you didn't get the score you wanted on that. You're entering their world. Only after you've made connection and are in their world are you really going to do much good. Otherwise, you're just telling them what to do. And that probably isn't going to land quite the same way. When God comes, he doesn't just come like this drone from heaven and give these commands for us to No, he becomes flesh. &gt;&gt; He walks with us. He he so we can know him and only then he shows us the way that we should walk into it and we do. So in the the the drama of this is throughout the Old Testament God appears to the children of Israel in many different ways. All of these are forms that God took on to make contact with his children. God becoming tangible so that God became part of their world so that they then could become part of his world. Brother Brandon puts it this way really beautifully. God raised up bodies all down through Moses, Ezekiel, Jeremiah, Isaiah, Elijah's all down where his word temporarily came. God is speaking through these different bodies. So, it's not just an angel of the Lord body like was the the God used with Gideon or he used with um Monoah and his wife, but God is appearing in other sinborn bodies. Little bits of God are coming through and that and that are hiding and their bodies are hiding little bits of God and their ministry is showing that part of God to the children of Israel. When the word was in Moses, Moses was God in flesh. &gt;&gt; When it was in Jesus, it was God in flesh. The only thing he did was change his mask. He didn't change his word or his nature. He's the same yesterday, today, and forever. He only changed his form. He changed from Noah to Moses, from Moses to David, from David to Joseph, on down till he comes into the fullness of the Godhead bodily. It's still the same God. The same God just taking on another veil. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; He pours himself into another mask, into another form. It's not another person going out called the Holy Spirit. It's God himself. And then after Jesus dies on Calvary, his body is broken. And amazing things happen in the Bible when things are broken. &gt;&gt; That woman with the alabaster uh perfume, only after she broke it is the whole room filled with the fragrance. the young man with the loaves and the fishes. Only when that bread is broken &gt;&gt; does something happen. Jacob, when he's wrestling, Jacob had served God in his strength for many years and accomplished nothing. He only got in the way of God's plan. But when God breaks something and Jacob's walk, he actually makes Jacob walk better than he'd ever walked before. When things are broken, amazing things happen. And when Christ is the spirit pierces his side that lets out the spirit of God that was in him and then it pours himself into the people Christ in you. How beautiful, how wonderful to think God pouring himself into the human being, &gt;&gt; into the believer. Poured out. It was a part of his drama to do so. &gt;&gt; Now, we're getting close to that time of year, um, Halloween. And can you imagine Satan ever doing anything like this? Satan wants to have all of his power for himself. But can you imagine Satan pouring himself out and sharing let letting himself be broken become nothing wouldn't happen. It wouldn't happen. But Christ is pierced. He's broken so that then he can be poured out. It's not the third person, second person or first person, but it's the person God veiled in human flesh. That is the that's the essence of what the Godhead is about. God being veiled in human flesh. And this really isn't that foreign of a concept. I can remember uh um after I'd met my wife um at a youth camp, it would be my goodness 16 years ago. And um I didn't have her email address yet. She had mine because there's a particular picture taken that she took at that camp and I was hoping that she would email me that picture. Then once I got the email from her, I had hers and I could reply. Um, but it took her quite a while to actually get that first email out and I was in the in the I had the blues really bad. I was waiting a whole week hoping that she would write, hoping she would write and hoping she would write. I had already composed my reply to her before she ever sent me her reply. I already had like a whole page I was ready to send to her. And and she sends this like two-line email with with the picture and I I better wait an hour or two before I send mine cuz uh might uh stretch the limits of believability. But I was hoping in that time period I was I was waiting and waiting and waiting. I think man, well, maybe she's on Facebook. Maybe she's in on social media somewhere. I wanted I wanted a picture of her. I wanted I wanted a picture. So um the only way that I could find her on Facebook is if I also became a part of Facebook. So for one week I had a Facebook account. I had to go on Facebook in order I had to take on a Facebook identity in order to try to make contact with some image of my of my wife. Well that's how it works in social media. There's a virtual reality. And if you want to become tangible in that virtual world, you have to adopt identity. They call that um taking on a skin. What kind of skin do we use in the metaverse? If you don't take on a skin in the metaverse, you're not going to be seen. You're not going to be able to interact with anybody. And that's the same thing that God did with us because he's in a the metaverse is a different dimension than us. We could say in order for us to become part of Zuckerberg's dimension, if you'd really want to go there, then you want to become part of that dimension, you have to take on a skin. &gt;&gt; In order for God to become our part of our dimension, he takes on a skin. Otherwise, we'd be completely invisible and unapproachable. Now in the metaverse, you choose your ski your own skin. You choose how you want to appear. You choose how people how you want people to know you. So in the metaverse, I might not be there in a coat and a tie. I might be there in a set of tights with Superman on it because that's what I want people to see me as Superman. It depends what skin am I going to take on? What do I how do I want people to get to know me? And think about it in the world that we live in. Some things that we see in our co-workers and people we have in our fellow students, people we rub shoulders with, some things are only skin deep. &gt;&gt; So the the rough character who's got tattoos all over himself, that two tattoo just might be skin deep, &gt;&gt; no deeper. And if you were to scratch that tattoo just a little bit, you were to see another human being with flesh and blood, with hurt, with pain, who's just crying out for connection. And you think, man, who can I witness to today? Who is that? We might thinking, who's who's wondering who William Brandon is? Who who's wondering what this particular question in the Bible is? Maybe we can put those questions to this. Those are good things to think about, but is there a hurting person in our life somewhere? God whispers to people in their pleasures, but he tries to shout to them in our pains. Pain is God's megaphone to reach a hurting world. And if people are going through pain, that might just be a way for you to establish a connection, just the love of God. You don't have to go and give them a doctrinal dissertation or anything. Just show God's love. &gt;&gt; Amen. be God to them. &gt;&gt; We don't have to be repelled by the outward appearance. That's what the devil does. The devil tries to put all kinds of stop all kinds of intimidating things on the outward appearance so that nobody will approach them. But inside behind that all those tattoos, whatever it is, and if you have a tattoo today, no offense. Um, but inside that might be a traumatized child, a teen just reaching out, crying out for understanding, for love. That's the doctrine of the Godhead. Are we willing to become part of that world &gt;&gt; and reach a heart? God was manifest in the flesh. Think about that. God limiting himself. All the powers of God. Satan would never do that. All the power of God, God leaves heaven in a sense and encapsulates himself, embodies himself in Jesus of Nazareth. He was manifest in the flesh. God condescending trying to work himself back into his creature that he created. So the a true understanding of the Godhead shows God's heart. God doesn't entrust redemption to somebody else. He comes himself. It shows the drama of God's plan that God wants to take on skin to become tangible so that we can get to know one another so that he can draw us into his world. But I want to take a little bit and close here with the idea a true understanding of that God had chose the believer's position and our role in the drama. I really like this scripture Job 10:11. Thou hast clothed me with skin and flesh, and hast fenced me with bones and sinnus. Who's the me? &gt;&gt; It's not the skin and flesh. That's just the outside. &gt;&gt; It's not the bones and the senus. That's just the outside. What it is inside is a little bit of the invisible God. Just like God's spirit, the spirit of God came down in Jesus of Nazareth and God encapsulated himself fully in that human body. God wants to put a part of himself into each one of us &gt;&gt; so that we can continue that drama of God taking on skin, God walking into Kroger's, being there, caring for the people who come every week, buy the same meat, and all of a sudden they come along as you don't look as good today. Something wrong. Make trying to bridge that gap. Colossians 1:27 to whom God would make known it is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles which is Christ in you Phil of glory not just God in Jesus of Nazareth. He w God was incarnate in Jesus of Nazareth but God wants to be embodied in us as well. &gt;&gt; This is what it was on the early church. I talked about this scripture a little bit ago where the the after the day of Pentecost, God fills the believers and when Saul is persecuting the believers, he's really persecuting Jesus because those believers have the spirit of Jesus within them. Paul talks about we are the temple of God. That's a huge thing to say if you're writing to any kind of a Jewish audience because only the high priest could go into the holiest of holies. And he's saying that you are the temple of God. This is this is mind-blowing. The spirit of God dwelleth in you. You're the temple of the living God. He says some pretty amazing things here. Then in the scripture we all read for communion. He that eateth and drinkketh unworthily eateth and drinkketh damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body. Because like brother Paul preached last week, are we letting wrong kinds of things come too close to our city, come too close to our heart, are we aware that this is the temple of God? When we go places we shouldn't go, see things we shouldn't see, watch things we shouldn't watch, where are we taking the temple of God? Where are we? We're not deserting the Lord's body. We're not seeing my I'm the temple of the Lord. I'm part of his body even today. So, we talk about how God became flesh in the little baby Jesus who then grew up and offered himself on the cross. We can limit the they call it the incarnation, God becoming flesh. That wasn't just a one-off event 2,000 years ago because the day of Pentecost shows that the incarnation was just the beginning. &gt;&gt; That God was just getting started revealing himself in human flesh. Brother Bram says, "In the beginning was the word and the word was with God and the word was God and the word was made flesh and dwelt among us. Then then that same word Christ the promise the Holy Ghost says you called him the third person of the trinity that's fine that's what it is it's Christ the Holy Ghost in you he was in the pillar of fire once then he come was made flesh now he's come in your flesh &gt;&gt; and I want to this is the &gt;&gt; this is this next part is something that came on my heart earlier in the week I think I was lying in bed just kind of think what do we have on church on a Sunday and I remembered something that happened in our house about a year ago. And uh I just pulled this picture off the internet, but what it really is is um I was sitting on a Saturday morning um in our in our little library and we have a wood burning stove um in the middle there. And then next is my nice uh my nice chair where I like to uh to read, where I like to uh well at that point I was uh I'd been Job had been getting into chess. So he I had been playing some chess and I kept getting beat again and again and again in chess. So, I became a member of chess.com in the hopes I would finally be able to beat my son somehow and it hasn't worked yet, but um so we're playing chess and I don't know if I can disconnect these two chairs on there. So, I'm sitting there next to the fireplace, &gt;&gt; concentrated very heavily on my chess game. And what I'd forgotten about was I had some wet wood and my I I the the fire was going, but I wanted to get some wood to dry out. So, I just put this this kind of rotting but damp wood on top of the wood burning stove and it's literally within arms length from me and I'm just playing chess. I don't know how long I was playing chess, but at some point my daughter comes down and says, "Dad, what's all the smoke in the house?" And I it jerked me away. Oh my goodness. We've got a problem. We've got a problem. I go ahead and quickly grab because what had happened? It was literally it was getting smoky. It smelled terrible. It was up. We have a trile, but it was up on the next level. It was We were running around all over the place. Thank goodness my wife was in bed. But we're we're throwing open the French doors. I'm letting cold air in, which I just warmed the house. This is extraordinarily wasteful. It hurts me right where it counts. Um, I'm opening windows, everything to get this thing to air out so when my wife comes down, she won't sense this. But my house was literally filling with smoke and I was completely oblivious to it. I was there. I was there in the room, but I wasn't. &gt;&gt; But I wasn't. And what this just kind of kind of shook me as I was thinking about it this week. We're called to be embodiment of God. But every and Satan will will will fight this in different ways. He can fight it through the confusion of the Trinity doctrine. But he can also get us to put on our social media, put in our earbuds, whatever. Ever see people walk around with earbuds? It's really just a quiet statement. Don't talk to me right now. I really don't want to be talked to. I've got stuff to do. I might be doing nothing. But these say everything. &gt;&gt; Don't talk to me right now. We're called to be able to be available. &gt;&gt; If anybody is needed, okay, I can hear myself. We're called to be available. If there's pain, if there's suffering, if my kid needs something, &gt;&gt; I need to be able to understand where they're at instead of just being rats. Checkmate, man. Instead of being so wrapped up in another world, sometimes the technology that is that is purports to make connection so much easier. It dis it disembodies relationship. &gt;&gt; Relationships are supposed to be an inbody experience. You ever go to a go to the uh guided out nowadays? You've got uh go to um Olive Garden, Applebee's, wherever. You got a a screen there. The kids are on their screens. Mom and dad are on their phones and are having a dinner together. It's a a disembodied fellowship. &gt;&gt; But what God is calling us to in this doctrine of the Godhead, he wants us to become flesh to other people. &gt;&gt; And so often these technologies break that. Break that. There could be a fire going on in my house. There almost was right next to me. I was there, &gt;&gt; but not really. And how many ways can there be things like that in our lives that we should be aware of? We should be right there in our kids' world, in our spouse's world, helping them, but we're there, but we're not. that is completely against everything that God has shown us in the scripture. He He becomes a part of our world. &gt;&gt; He's there. Jesus of Nazareth wasn't walking around God in flesh on his phone insensitive to the needs around him. He was there. He could be touched with the feelings of our infirmities. He was there to be touched. He wasn't broadcasting, "Don't talk to me right now. I'm busy." No, he wasn't doing that at all. He was there to be touched so that we could have contact with that. 12 years ago, Wall Street Journal ran this headline, "Our smartphones turning us into bad Samaritans." And nowadays, you can have uh something really bad happening to a guy further up in the subway car and either won't be seen because everybody in the doctor's office. What's the first thing you do when you get in the doctor's office? bunch of people there. Get in the elevator. There's somebody I could talk to. No, this is a legitimate reason not to say hi. They won't say hi to me. But when we're in a place where we could connect with people, we grab our phone so we don't have to. &gt;&gt; That's not what God called us to do. &gt;&gt; God calls us to be made flesh, embodiment of him, to seek contact. And here you've got our smoke ferns turning us into bad Samaritans where um something bad's happening. You don't even realize because you're in your phone. Or if it is happening, people grab their phone and film it instead of actually jumping in and doing it. We're called to be made God made flesh so that we can become part of the world, help someone in need, and not just document that we were there. Document that someone was in need. document. We know we're called not to document the God. It isn't a noun, it's a verb. We're called to go there, reach a hand, and help. &gt;&gt; University of Virginia today writes, "If you're reading this on your smartphone, we have some bad news for you. That thing in your hand designed to bring humanity closer together is in many respects doing the exact opposite. Smartphones are driving fissures, cracks, separations into human relationships. And then this researcher Custodian Kushlov uh has been dissecting the effects of smart phones on society. They create ADHD like symptoms and users, diminish happiness in social settings, erode trust between strangers, harm connections between parents and their children. It's working against this very idea of God and morphe. We're supposed to be God and morph. We're supposed to be little messiaets, little there to touch other people's lives. And yet, we're putting in our earbuds so we can't hear the call of the needy. &gt;&gt; God put us on this earth for a reason &gt;&gt; so that we can extend a hand and be a help. This is a uh a painting from one of my uh favorite artists, a he's still alive, a Dutch artist. These are folks waiting in line for the uh for the subway or for the train to come and get them. What are they all doing? All on their phone. All on their phone. All on their phone. Little kid there in the front need something, but um I don't think uh mom's hearing her there. The only people who uh who aren't there are the ones who don't have uh they might have flip phones. I don't know. They might think phones are still rotary. They're they're in the middle. But if this is the way our life is, think, who could I reach out to at my work? Seek the connection. Is there somebody here that I can reach out to? Start a conversation. I'm a terrible conversationalist, but is there the world is crying out for connection? Crying out for someone to show they care. Don't let technology hinder the miracle of the incarnation. God in flesh condescending to touch lives. Paul writes, "God was in Christ reconciling the world to himself, not imputing their trespasses unto them, and he's committed unto us the word of reconciliation." God was in Christ. He was, that is undeniable. He was in Christ. But the baton's been passed. If you've received the Holy Spirit, we're not just saying God was in Christ. The truth is God's in you. God's in me. We're the carriers of the baton. Now then, we are ambassadors for Christ. As though God did beseech you by us, we pray you in Christstead. Be ye reconciled to God. not putting everything the the cross of Christ is in it's the center of our faith but God wants to be working through us and in us today drawing people again to God. God was in Christ but now then now then we are ambassadors for Christ. We pray in Christstead be reconciled to God. I think there's there's a lot of significance into the truth of the godhead. It's immensely practical. It's not abstract. The false teaching of the godhead makes it abstract. True teaching of the godhead. True teaching of any doctrine comes in is flesh in our own lives. I would say if any teaching of doctrine becomes too abstract that we can't even talk to people every day about it, it's probably becoming too abstract. We're probably getting off off basis somewhere because God has come to be understood to so that he can become part of our world so that we can become part of his world. &gt;&gt; That's what we're all crying out for. a god with skin on it. There's plenty of scary stuff, fearful stuff, traumatic stuff, bad things in the world today. People out there are crying out for God with skin on it. And when we're willing to be God with skin on it, it draws all men unto him. &gt;&gt; Amen. &gt;&gt; Let's pray. Lord Jesus, I thank you for your goodness to us. I thank you for your grace. Lord, I thank you for for leaving heaven, coming down to earth into a body so that we could know you. Lord, I thank you for how you do that person in our own lives as we came heard about uh heard about uh the gospel from a person. Somebody expressed care and talked to us, but that was you in that person. Lord, I thank you for dying on the cross for our sins, for filling us with your Holy Spirit. Lord, thank you, Lord, that we're able to privilege to be the temple of God. Lord, I pray that we might be that temple. &gt;&gt; And Lord, I just pray, oh Father, that is what really struck me this week as I've meditated on this thought is the the believer's position that we're called to be God with skin on it. Yet so often our communication nowadays is disembodied. We might be in a room, but we're not really there. Lord, I pray that we might your scripture talks about you being the you are a present help in trouble. Lord, help us to be present in the office, in our workplace when we're making a delivery, to be present, not to be thinking about things that haven't happened yet, but what's going to happen at the end of the day, but to be present. Help us, Lord, to slow down. Be present, Lord. I pray father for father you would lay people on our hearts Lord who with whom we work Lord who there might be pain there might be questions Lord I pray for even people in our in our midst we all come to church we we're good at flashing plastic smiles Lord I pray that you'd help us to show a care for one another that we may never have shown before Lord that we are members of your body that we could be your hands hands and your feet, Lord, that we would, Lord, be willing to have our our schedule interrupted that you could move in a special way so that you could be God revealed in our flesh. Lord, I pray, oh God, that you would lay souls in our hearts, Lord, that we would intercede to you for them, oh God, and that we could turn hearts toward you, oh Lord. I pray, oh God, that we might have the great privilege of being part of that process, oh God. And Lord, I pray, Father, that you would help us to separate from that uh everpresent technology. Sometimes it just creates more separation than it creates connection. Lord, I pray Lord if there if we've thought about uh fires might be going on in our own home, maybe not literal ones, but figurative ones, and maybe we've been too disconnected from them. Lord, I pray that we'd make it a real priority to become a part of that little world, wherever that person might be. Lord, I pray that you'd move in Jesus name. Amen. &gt;&gt; Amen. Do you know the song um people need the Lord or? No. Brother Michael, you sang that song a couple years ago. People need the Lord. Would you sing it again? I remember when you sang it a couple years ago. I had it on my list. I listened to it many times. People need the Lord. People need the Lord. As you listen, just if God puts some on your heart, pray for them as well. Give me the words for me, please. Every day they pass me by. I can see it in their eyes. Empty people filled with care. Headed who knows where. They go through private pain leaving fear to fear. Laughter hides their silent cries. Only Jesus hears. People need the Lord. People need the Lord at the end of broken dreams. He's the open door. We believe the Lord. We believe the Lord. When will we realize for thee the Lord? Oh, we are called to take his life to a world where on saints right walk could be to great cost for sharing life with one who's lost. through his love our hearts can feel all the grief they bear. They must hear the words of life. Only we can share. People need the Lord. People need the Lord. At the end of broken dreams is the open door. People need the Lord. People need the Lord. When will we realize that we must keep our lives. We only the Lord. Amen. Let's all stand and sing. This is your house. This is your house. Oh father, come and dwell. Just yield yourself to him. Oh, this is your house. Oh, a holy house of prayer. Where the lost and the lonely can bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. Oh, just speak to me now. This is your house. Come and dwell. This is your house. This is your house. Oh, Father, come and dwell. Oh, this is your house. house. It's a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their words and all. This is your house. Oh, this is your house. Come, let them be your prayers. We sing these verses this morning. Oh yes, Lord. We dedicate this temple to you, Lord. Oh yes, Lord. Once again, oh let your glory fill this sanctuary and be all the praisees of your people. Take control inity of this is your house. Yes, Lord. Oh, Father, come and go. This is your house. Oh, a holy house of prayer where the lost and the lonely bring their burdens and their cares. This is your house. Yes, Lord. Oh, this is your house. Come and dwell. Yes, Lord. Holy Spirit, oh Holy Spirit, overflow this place. Yes, Lord. Oh, and decorate our hearts with grace and mercy. Yes, Lord. This is our desire. Thank you every searching soul. Lord have your way. We are pray. We are yours and we are yours. So yes, father come and dwell. We are your house. We house their car. We are your house. We are your house. Come and dwell. Hallelujah. Thank you Lord Jesus. Hallelujah. Amen. You may be dismissed in Jesus name. Go on rejoicing. Amen. And be that light. Amen. Takes it takes the the yielded vessel though. It takes in every moment when we can get caught up on other things. it it can uh block that block block that access that the Lord Jesus can can use um from you. So or you can be used of him. So praise the Lord. Lord, let us be yielded more and more each day. That's my desire. Yes, Lord. Amen. Let's sing. Let's sing that song. Um if I don't draw from the fountain as we go give, what is it? Maybe go down more. If I go keep going down from the fountain, how can the thirsty drink from me? If I don't keep my eyes on Jesus Christ, then the blind will never see. to lead someone from far away. I need to walk close to him each day. If I don't draw from the fountain, how can the thirsty drink from me? Sing that again. If I don't draw from the fountain, how can the thirsty drink from me? If I don't keep my eyes on Jesus Christ, then the blind will never see to lead someone from far away. I need to walk close to him each day. If I don't draw from the fountain, how can the thirsty drink from me? Flow through me. Oh, flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. Flow through me. Holy Spirit, flow through me. authority as I lift my hands in worship and to magnify your name. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow. Sing that again. Yes, Lord. Oh, flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. And as I lift my hands to worship and to magnify your name. Flow through me. Holy Spirit flow through me. If I don't draw, if I don't draw from the fountain, how can the thirsty drink from me? If I don't keep my eyes on Jesus Christ, then the blind will never see. to lead someone from far away. I need to walk close to him each day. If I don't draw from the fountain, how can the thirsty drink from me? Amen. Get it up. We are the gener We are the generation. With the commmination, the final voice the world will hear. The coming of the Lord is the all living out. The revelation overcoming sins, temptation. The truth will go to every tribe and nation. Oh, we are the chosen generation. Oh, we are the generation. We're the nation, the final voice the world will hear. The coming of the Lord is the all living out the revelation. Overcoming sation, the truth will go to every tong and nation. We are the chosen generation. We're living. We're living in the evening time. The race is almost through. Oh, but God has chosen you and me. There's still a job to do. The word that's been revealed to us must be prophesied again. And the message must stretch everywhere until the last soul has come. So we are the generation. Oh, we're the nation, the final voice. The world will hear the coming of the Lord is the all living out the revelation overcoming sutation. The truth will go to every tongue and nation. Oh, we are the chosen generation. Committed to the calling. Together we stand strong. Lifting up our voice as one. We sing the final song. God's chosen us to conquer every test we face. And he sees us through this far. We are the generation. Hear the call nation, the final voice. The world will hear the coming of the Lord here. Overcoming temptation. The truth will go to every time nation. Oh, we are the chosen generation. We are We are the generation and we're the nation, the final voice the world will hear. The coming of the Lord is here. Giving out the revelation overcoming sins temptation. The truth will go to every tongue and nation. Oh, we are the chosen generation. Tell me to love with open arms like you do. A love that erases all the lines and sees the truth. Oh, and they look in my eyes would see you. We're all your children. Oh, so help me to love with open arms like you do. Oh, love that erases all the lies and sees the truth. Oh, that when they look in my eyes, they would see you. Even in just a smile, they would feel the father's love. First verse. Let me be filled with kindness and compassion for the one The one for whom you loved and gave your son for humanity. Oh, increase my love. Oh, and help me to love with open arms like you do. Oh, the love that erases all the lies, sees the truth. Oh, oh, another look in my eyes, they would see you. Oh, even in just a smile, he would feel the father's love. Oh, and know how he loves us. Oh, from the homeless to the famous and in between. Oh, and you formed us. You made us carefully. Cuz in the end, oh, we're all your children. is oh to love with open arms like you do. Oh love it erases all the lies and sees the truth. Oh, when they look in my eyes, they would see you. Even in just a smile, they would feel the father's love. Oh, so let all my life tell of who you are. and the wonder of your neverending love. Yes, Lord. Oh, let all my life tell of who you are. You are wonderful and such a good father. Help me to love. Help me to love with open arms like you do. Oh, I erase all the lies. See the truth. Oh, they look in my eyes, they would see you. Even just a smile, they would feel the father's love. Even in Even just a smile, they would feel the father's love. So help me, help me to love with open arms like you do. A love that erase all the lies and sees the truth. Oh. Oh, when they look in my eyes, they would see you. Even in just a smile, they would feel the father's love. Oh, even in just a smile, they would feel the father's love. Oh, even in just a smile, they would feel the father's love. You're a good good father. It's who you are. Who you are. Who you are. And I'm in love by you. Who I am. Who I am. Who I am. You're a good good father. It's who you are. Oh. It's who you are. Oh, it's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. Who I am. It's who I am. You're a good, good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. Who I am. Oh, I heard a thousand stories of what they think you're like, but I heard tender whispers of love in the dead of night. And you tell me that you're pleased and that I'm never alone. Oh, your good father. It's who you are. Lord, it's who you are. Who you are. And I'm loved by you. It's who I am. It's who I am. Oh, it's who I am. Your good, good father. It's who you are. Oh, it's who you are. It's who you are and I'm loved by you. It's who I am. Who I am is who I am. You are perfect. You are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways. You are perfect in all of your ways. You're perfect in all of your ways. You're perfect in all of your ways to your good, good father. It's who you are. It's who you are. It's who you are and I'm loved by you. It's who I am. Who I am. Who I am. You're good. Good father. I you are who you are. It's who you are. And I love by you. It's who I am. Who I am is who I am. You're perfect. Heat. Heat. Yeah.
