################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-04 - 2025.06.04 - Bro. Steven Strooh - Genesis: Creation and Formation (Part 2) - Steven Strooh - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-06-04
Title:   2025.06.04 - Bro. Steven Strooh - Genesis: Creation and Formation (Part 2)
Speaker: Steven Strooh
Church:  Literal Life Church
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dufuUyWBCMA
========================================

[Music] more than able he's able to accomplish what concerns we today. Let's all stand and sing. He is aable, more than able to handle anything that comes my way. He is aable, more than able to do much more than I have ever dreamed. He is aable, more than able to make me what he wants me to be. Can you sing that again? He is aable. He is aable. More than aable to accomplish what concerns me today. Hallelujah. For he is aable, more than aable to handle anything that comes my way. He is aable, more than able to do much more than I could ever dream. [Applause] He is aable, more than able to make me what he wants. Last time before we pray for the service. He is able. He is aable. More than able. More than able, Lord, to accomplish what concerns me today. For he is aable, more than a to handle anything that comes my way. For he is aable, more than aable [Music] to do much more than I have ever dreamed. Oh, he is aable, more than able [Music] to make me what he wants me to be. Just bow our heads. Dear heavenly father, Lord, we're just so thankful to be here again, God, in your presence, God, knowing that you are you are a mighty conqueror tonight, Lord. And you're more than able, God, to take care of whatever concerns us, Lord Jesus, right now, God. You're the the I am that's that's the God of right now, Lord Jesus. So, God, you are our very present help in the time of need right now, God. And we we so appreciate you tonight, Lord Jesus. Just we just ask you to Lord take control of the service, Lord Jesus, as the you bless the hearers tonight, God. Not just our physical ears that we may, God, get a mental perception, Lord, of what's being said, but God, we want a revelation deep down in our hearts, God. So Lord, come and let the spiritual airs just awaken, Lord, tonight, God, in each and every heart, Lord. I know there's, Lord, I know some of my family sick. our pastor, God, even dealing with some cold symptoms, Lord Jesus. God, my wife, Lord, homesick, God, just uh even the little babies, Lord Jesus. God, Lord, you're the healer of all of our diseases. So, God, we claim the stripes on your back tonight for every single one of them, Lord Jesus, tonight. Lord, we just love you so much, God. God, we thank you for the the blessing of Lord the service, Lord, this this sanctuary you've given us, God, where we can meet together, God, and we can worship together, Lord, in spirit and in truth, God. Let us just let's just uh lay aside every weight right now, God, that we can receive something from you, God. And let us not hold back, God, but Lord, take action on your word, Lord, and receive, Lord, what you have for us, God. We love you in Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's sing a few songs tonight. Just uh so blessed to be here. Amen. In his presence. Aren't you glad to be here again? Praise the Lord. Let's sing tonight. Amen. He's alive and well or living in me to tell the world that he's the same. He's the same. He's the same yesterday. For today and forever, Jesus is alive and well. Do believe that he's alive. Oh, he's alive and well. for living in me to tell the world that he is the same. Oh, he's the same yesterday, today, and forever. Jesus is alive and well. He's alive. Oh, he's alive. [Music] me to tell the world that he is the same. Oh, he's the same yesterday and by today and forever. Jesus is alive and well. Amen. Praise the Lord. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise tonight. Amen. He's alive. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. He left tonight. Praise the Lord. He abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with Heides tonight. Oh, he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way for the comforter abides with me. Well, I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the pilgrim way for the hand of God in all my life I see. Oh, and the reason for my bliss. Yes. The secret all is this that the comforter abides. Hallelujah. Oh, he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day. As I walk the narrow way, for the comforter abides with me. All right, give it up. Now you got to go shake someone's hand tonight and say go say you can say God bless you but say he abides. He abides. Tell them tonight he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Oh, he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the narrow way. For the comforter abides with me. Oh, he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. and he abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk the pilgrim way for the comforter abides. Second verse. Oh, once my heart was full of sin. Once I had no peace within till I heard how Jesus died upon the tree. Oh, then I fell down at his feet and there came a peace so sweet. Now the comforter abides. Hallelujah. Oh, he abides. He abides. Hallelujah. He abides with me. I'm rejoicing night and day as I walk for the comfort abides with me. Oh, fill my way every day with love. As I walk with a heavenly love, let me go all the while with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day. Sing it a few more times. Fill my way. Fill my way every day with love. As I walk with the heavenly go with a song and a smile. Fill my way every day. Last time. Oh, fill my way. Come my way every day with love as I walk with the heavenly love. Let me go all the while with a song and a smile to my way every day with love. Hallelujah. Praise the Lord. You may be seated tonight. Amen. Falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus is the best thing I've ever ever done. testify. Oh, falling in love, falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus is the best thing I've ever ever done. In his love, yes, Lord. Oh, in his love I feel protected every day. It is love never disconnected. [Music] [Applause] In his love I feel protected. There's no place I'd rather be. Falling in love. Oh, [Music] falling in love. Love with Jesus. Hallelujah. Falling in love with Jesus. Falling in love with Jesus is the best thing I've ever done. In his arms. Oh, in his arms I feel protected. Yes, Lord. Oh, in his arms never disconnected. [Music] In his arms I feel feel protected. There I rather be. Oh yes Lord. Falling in love. Falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Oh, falling in love with Jesus. [Music] Falling in love with Jesus [Music] is the best thing I've ever ever done. [Music] Amen. Praise the Lord. Let's all stand tonight. I know the master of the wind. Give I think it's I know the master of the wind. Oh, I know the maker of the rain. He can calm the storms and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. You know him tonight. Oh, I know the master of the wind. Oh, I know the maker of the rain. Oh, he can calm the storms and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Help me sing the verses tonight. My boat of life. Oh, my boat of life sails on the trouble sea. Ever there's a wind in my sin. What does he believe? But I have a friend who watches over me. Oh, when the breeze turns into a G. I know. I know the master of the wind. Thank you. Oh, I know the maker of the rain. [Music] And he can call us all. Make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Second verse. Sometimes I soar like an eagle in the sky among the peace my soul can be found. in unexpected storm made to ride me from behind. It may bring me low, but it will never bring me down. I'm a father. I know the master of the way. Hallelujah. Oh, I know the maker of the rain. Oh, he can calm the storms and make the sun shine again. I know the master of the way. Last time I know I know the master of the wind. Oh, I know the maker of the rain. And he can calm the storms and make the sun to shine again. I know the master of the wind. Stephen Stewart would come up and prepare up here and um we'll just sing shut in with God in a secret place. There in the spirit beholding his face. Hallelujah. New power to run in the race. I long to be shut in with God. Oh, shut in with God in a secret place. There in the spirit beholding his face, gaining new power to run in the race. I long to be [Music] back. There you go. Thank you. Genesis uh chapter 1 and we're um continuing with the Genesis study. Um so if you want to read ahead as I used to tell my students that they should do um you for the next service that brother Paul says there'll be another one uh sometime um we'll continue in Genesis chapter 2 and three which of course will be really exciting. Um but uh for today we're in Genesis chapter 1. Uh hold your place there. We have quite a bit of reading. So I think I'll have you take your seats once we've prayed. Let's pray. Our heavenly father, we thank you for this uh time of fellowship and of your of your word, Lord. And especially Lord, your anointing on your word. Do we need that word quickened to us, Lord? And it's not just a a dead letter as such, but Lord, it's a living word and it lives in us. And Lord, there's there's a part of uh us that calls out for more of your word, Lord. And it's your word that's in us that does that calling. And so, Lord, I just pray that each one that's listening would also feel that call, Lord. Feel that pull towards uh you and towards your word. And that your word would just find a resting place in our hearts, Lord. And we just pray you'd bless me tonight. Just give me the words and the and understanding that's needed, Lord, to share this um in a way that that meets people's needs for uh the knowledge of the word or for other needs that they may have. I ask it all in Jesus' name. Amen. You may be seated. So, you have your Bible. So, um I want you just to keep it handy because um there will be things that I I would hope you would want to underline and so forth. Um and so um we last time we uh we went um for towards um verse 19 uh which is the the fourth day and um um we were looking at this as a type uh uh brother Brandham calls Genesis 1 a type of of the believer. It's the same process that we go through. We start off in chaos and then God moves in our life and that chaos is dispelled slowly but surely step by step starting with light and then with sanctification separation and then with life and then finally the part that's often missed when people talk about this is the positioning which is the sun moon and stars right because um God never created the sun moon and stars on the fourth Okay. He organized them. He placed them. He put them into position. And brother Brandham says things like that in in a quite a few different places. So, as we get started, I also want to um remind you of something that we heard. I can't remember who was ministering now, but I loved was it brother Steve Bristol? Anyway, it was that he mentioned creation and formation. And it's the first time I'd heard somebody use that ex that phrase or that word formation because as we discussed last time um if somebody says the six weeks of six days of creation uh that's not in the scripture. It's not six days of creation. The creation was in verse one and then there's no creating done until the fifth day which is verse 20 which is where we're going to start uh tonight. So when you say six days of creation it's not correct and we read that scripture in um in Exodus to clarify that. So we've we've gone over that if you need to recap that. term the thank the Lord these things are available online and I know a lot of people like to go back and and review it and so I recommend that especially because um I would take the whole hour to try and revise what I did last time which I don't think that's I don't think that's optimal. So um let's just read this scripture together. Isaiah keep your place there in Genesis 45:18. This is where we ended last time. For thus saith the Lord that created the heavens, God himself that formed the earth and made it. He has established it. He created it not in vain. He formed it to be inhabited. Now notice highlighted the word formed. Uh because that's not the same as create. And this uh when whoever ministered on this and I can't remember, poor memory. He was talking about how Adam was formed from the dust of the ground. That Hebrew word is yatsa. All right. The Hebrew word for creator is bar. And so this is not the same thing. When God's forming Adam, he's like a sculpture. And actually, I read something interesting. Uh I think it might have been Scoffield or somebody. It was really interesting is that when God made Adam, how many of you pictured him u lying down on the ground as God's forming him? That's what I pictured. But of course, that's not how you make a a sculpture. All right. The sculpture is made standing up. Am I right? Brother does sculptures. So, right, you you make it standing up, right? It's not something that you lay down on the ground and you have to try and roll it over. That would be crazy. So it it's uh that God would have formed Adam standing up. And so there the picture was of Adam standing there rigidly like a robot, you know, just waiting to be turned on. And so when God breathed into him the breath of life and man became a living soul, he the the robot starts to make jerky movements. I don't know. And then and then Adam is suddenly alive. Well, I love the fact that he was standing up. has never never occurred to me before. So God made Adam from the dust formed him and that's not the same as create. So the only time we read of the word create in Genesis chapter 1 is when he creates everything, the universe and then he creates animal life and then he creates man. Those are the only three creative works that take place in Genesis chapter 1. And that's very important um because uh that means that these creative acts have to have some significance. And I'm hoping that we can get into that a bit tonight as I start my uh timer for all you nervous people out there. Anybody nervous about the time when I speak? If you don't know me. Um, so I'm trying to uh stay on track here tonight, but I have um quite a few things I'd like to share. And so let's see how how the Lord uh guides us. First of all, let's go back just to put put ourselves in the in the right frame of mind for for the subject. So verse one, brother Random says, "And atom busted." So if you are familiar with any of the um common theories about creation um the most egregious examples are AIG answers in Genesis and the crowd down in wherever it is down Kentucky Way. Um they don't uh they're very dismissive of the Big Bang. No such thing as the Big Bang. In actual fact, Brother Random says that's what happened. He said uh in when that event took place he said it was like an atom bursted and then between verses 1 and two here we have another insight especially from the message but of course many people had thought about this before but there's a very important reason why this is to important to us in the message and that is because uh this speaks of a previous a previous call it civilization word that brother Brandham used but it's something before what we have now. And it's very important for us because we know this is a type. And so in the type, we didn't start off as chaos. We didn't start off having to be born in sin, shaped in iniquity, come into the world speaking lies, dying, death, disease, famine. That wasn't the way it was designed. when the Bible says that God established this for habitation for us to live here in in in a perfect world. So that speaks of the condition that we had in the mind of God before the chaos set in. See how that comes in. And then from the chaos we have to now be uh reorganized. All right? our thinking, uh, our direction, everything has to change so that um, we can uh, start to uh, become what it was that God intended us to be, right? And we call that redemption, the plan of redemption, the great plan. So important in the message as we know, and it starts here in Genesis. Why is Genesis such an important book, by the way? You're all good students. I like that. All brighteyed and bushy tailed, especially for a Wednesday night. That's quite something. Why is Genesis so important? Well, comes from the word gene. And gene comes from the word seed or is similar to the word seed. And what's in a seed? First of all, life. But secondly, DNA. And we spoke about DNA some time back. But all the program for life for any living organism is already present in the DNA from the moment that DNA uh comes into existence. Now we have our natural DNA cursed that it is but we also have spiritual DNA. So what Genesis is doing is it's helping us to find our spiritual heritage, our spiritual genetic program if you like something that has been baked into us, built into us. We call it the the the seed, God placing his seed in us. But that seed, what a seed that back to DNA. So that part of us that responds to the word is what God placed in us in his mind from the foundation of the world. Very important that we understand that whatever it is that we have that's pulling us towards the word was actually God pulling himself towards himself. The deep calling to the deep. So, inside of God, if we can picture this, and I wish I had the graphic that Brother Lonnie made. I was trying to convert it from from a um uh Flash to Adobe. It's just a little tricky. So, I didn't get there. We'll get there eventually. But um to understand the logos and to understand our part in that, we have to understand that our DNA, spiritual DNA was in God to begin with. And all he's doing is expressing it. So every one of us when we say we have a portion of God's spirit, it's like he's pulling the Gideon DNA from himself and going, "Okay, I'm going to place this in a body. Oh, that sounds just like Adam." So the reason I'm saying all that is I'm trying to show you that when we look at Genesis, we have to look at it in the eyes of what we know about predestination. what we know from reading the rest of the Bible to see how it's coded here in the book of genes in the DNA book if you like the book that um has got the whole program of life and almost every doctrine that's important to us and obviously it's all important but you can find it in Genesis one way or another and if you think about how many uh things we we understand so well because of Genesis. All right. So the between verse one and verse two, between the beautiful creation in verse one and the the big beautiful creation in verse one and the gap in between, all right, verse one and verse two, brother Brandham says, now here's the key. up until the millions of years way back before this earth was ever inhabited by human beings and the water had covered the earth from some other civilization or something. He says the seeds were from some other civilization or something. Here's the key. It's before human beings. So if you say, well, how could there be death and fossils and dinosaurs before uh uh Genesis 1? Uh it's because um there were no human beings. So um sin and death uh as a result of sin is only um applicable to human beings because only human beings can sin. Only human beings have a soul. And Ezekiel says the soul that sins that soul shall die. So if you haven't got a soul, why are you dying? It's because the natural part of ecology. The plants die when the animals eat them and then the animals die when the other animals eat them and then eventually the top animal dies. goes back into the ground. All right? And the vegetation grows up again and the whole cycle continues. So you can see this has got nothing to do with sin. And so that's what brother Brandham's referring to when he says a previous civilization. He's not talking about human beings. He's not talking about something that looks like us. Um, and in fact, if you, you know, interested in the science of it, it's those oustralopaththecuses and and, uh, I don't know, um, Neanderthalss and all these weird and wonderful names that they come up with that just make them look clever because we can't pronounce them properly. Those uh, creatures were just animals. They were not human. They may have looked human. even homo erectus which was the the first one of the homminids to actually sort of stand erect uh based on their shape of their pelvic pelvis and the the way that it's built normal animals the pelvis is built like that and then homo erectus it's actually able to stand up but that was before homo sapiens which are supposed to be the intelligent ones that think they came from monkeys so this uh is an important principle because the gap explains things that you can't explain if you have 6 days of creation and 24-hour days on top of that. All right, so this is all the stuff we sort of covered last time. And then of course in verse three, we have this glorious situation where the spirit of God, so God's not leaving us to our own devices. He's not going, "Oh, you're in chaos. I'm going to go and find another planet that I can start, you know, with people that will appreciate me." He's like, "No, you don't appreciate me. You're in the gutter. You feel down and you feel, you know, as if you're worthless." Oh, that's my kind of people. And if you think about it, that's who Jesus associated with were those people that, you know, weren't, you know, so interested in their own abilities. In fact, he had a lot to say about about those people. So that's God's introduction is that he's going to hover over us. Chaotic as it may seem to us that life is at that time, but God's spirit is going to come and hover over us. And when he does, he says, "Let there be light." And so in Col Colossians 1 12-13, Paul's talking about the inheritance of the saints in light who has delivered us from the power of darkness. And now if you put those two words together, you can have a real fun time going through your Bible looking where light and darkness are put side by side. It's it's really tremendous because in a sense it's a symbol of the battle. The the battle is between good and bad, between light and darkness, between good and evil, if you like. And it starts right here in the third verse of uh of Genesis chapter 1. So you see how if we if we if we just look at this a little bit more a little bit more than just reading the Bible story, we start to see um why this is the seed book and why it's got so much in it uh that's often ignored. Now, the reason I'm spending some time here is we're going to get into Genesis chapter 2 and Genesis chapter 3, and things are going to get a little hairy when we consider the way most people think about those chapters and the way we think about it. Now, I'll give you the the the the quick version of chapter 2. It's a summary of vers of chapter one. It's got nothing to do with spirit man and natural man. It's got nothing to do with God made in the man made in the image of God and then man made in the image of animals. Nothing to do with that. That's crazy talk. It's just a summary of what happened in chapter one. And if you know anything about any of the popular views, um that's the way they that's the way they understand that. And it's completely wrong for any number of reasons, but especially because as we get through these first few verses, we start to see there's a tremendous amount of spiritual insight here. So then we come to the next stage if you like of this process in Genesis and that's verses 6-19. That's where their separation, the waters from the waters above, the firmament in between, and then the dry land appears. And so it's all about sanctification, separating. And so, Brother Brandham says, "The word is the water of separation. For God has taken his church and has washed it by the waters of separation to cleanse it for his own glory." And so, when we see all this water references, the waters above and the waters below, and the dryer land, and the seas, and it's all water, water, water, water. And why is that? Because that's what the word does. the washing of the water by the word. And you can see this is baked into this. I've used that word twice now. I'll stop using it. But it's baked into the text. I'm not making it up. It's all about water in that uh let's see, second day. Then the third day is when life comes into the seed. So, brother Brennham talks about the fact that once the environment once the atmosphere is made uh clear and once the dry land appears now the seeds from the previous civilization are able to be quickened to life and he makes that absolute analogy between how we were seeds from a previous civilization that given the right environment can be quickened to life. Praise God for that. And what quickens us? One thing that will quicken this word, that's the Holy Spirit. It brings life to the seed. Brother Random says, "And then in positioning, that's that fourth day. The Holy Spirit will move each one into the position that Christ the Lord has placed them in." So this is this is really critical to our understanding of what God is expecting from us. So he saves us. Praise God from that. Saved from what? Saved from hell. But that's not the reason he saved us. He saved us because he wants to place us in his kingdom. Place us as a crown, as a jewel in his crown. Place us as a star in heaven. place us in a position that others can be guided by our lives, which is what stars do. For centuries, millennia, stars were the only navigation instrument that anybody had. They wanted to know if they were going west, they went towards that star, east, towards that star. And so, you can see placing is not just for your good, but it's actually for those that are looking at you. What a critical position we're in. And um one time or other I might minister on Ezekiel chapter 3, a very scary chapter. And if you look up the phrase, his blood will be on your hands. And uh and if you I'll tell you what it is because we just in the just came to my mind. If you don't correct a righteous man who's doing something wrong, didn't get that quite quoted right. But if you don't correct the righteous man, let alone the sinner. He also talks about sinners, but he even says the righteous person, his blood will be on your hands. So what's the righteous person in our situation? Well, it's those that, you know, have some knowledge of the gospel, have some experience with with Christ, uh, but they haven't they haven't heard the whole story. And so, just like Paul Harvey, we want them to know the rest of the story. And and and that's what God's doing today. And of course, that's our response. Who else is going to do it? We're the only ones who can actually fulfill that role. And Ezekiel says, if you don't do it, that man's blood's on your hands. So, first thing he does now as we get to today's lesson, um, chapter 20, chapter 1, verse 20. And God said, this is where you can read in your Bibles, and you may want to maybe if there's something that catches your eye, you may want to highlight it. And God said, "Let the waters bring forth abundantly the moving creature that has life, i.e. fish, and fell that may fly above the earth and the open firmament of heaven." I'm going to stop here for a second because I can't spend too much time on all these things. We could spend an hour on it. Um, but the firmament was the one place in Genesis chapter 2, chapter one where on the second day where he doesn't say it was good. And this is going to be something that comes up later in our in next next time in our discussion of chapters 2 and three. But the firmament of heaven was a place where there were two types of spiritual influences. We know that that's the gods in in a spiritual dimension. And brother Brennham says, you know, we we we have that all around us. But that's also where the demonic activity is, the powers and principalities of the air. And so the firmament is a very critical place. And guess what? The birds have good attributes and they have bad attributes. And if I was in a class now, I'd ask you to tell me which birds in the Bible were considered bad that were just normal birds other not vultures and nasty ones, but it's actually in Matthew 13. And so I'll leave that. So anyway, birds can be good or bad. Now, I'm going to tell you a little bit about the good ones cuz that that's a little more edifying. So, the foul that may fly above the earth and the open firmament of heaven and God created great whales and every living creature that moves. So, now he's also talking about all the marine mammals. Whales, porpuses, dolphins, the only ones I can think of now. They they they um they provide milk to their young. They give birth to their young. I mean the marine mammals are extraordinary creatures. So God created great whales and every living creature that moves which the waters brought forth abundantly after their kind and every winged fell after his kind and God saw that it was good. So originally when God's creating the animal kingdom, it's all good. That's the summary. But if you look at the little bits I've got underlined in green or highlighted in green, it says after his kind. Now, that's going to be really significant when we get to chapter 3 where suddenly this is one of the cardinal rules that's going to be broken. And so it's interesting that this is repeated over and over again as we'll see here in a minute. So continuing now in verse 22. And God blessed them saying be fruitful and multiply and fill the waters in in the seas and let foul multiply in the earth and evening and morning were the fifth day. Now it's interesting that he breaks it here. Usually the evening and morning comes at the end of the creation works on this particular case, the animal life. But now he splits it. He puts it in the middle. Anybody has an idea why that is? Let me know. Be glad to hear. And God said, "Let the earth bring forth the living creature after his kind, cattle and creeping thing and beast of the earth after his kind." And it was so. And God made the beast of the earth after his kind. That's interesting. And cattle after their kind, and everything that creeps upon the earth after his kind. And God saw that it was good. Where's the serpent? Would you say the serpent was good? Yes, obviously. Until Satan got hold of him, he was just a serpent. He was just, you know, the most subtle of all the beasts of the field. God's just saying the beasts are fine. Beasts of the earth as long as they bring forth after their kind. Right? That's the hint, right? So, this is good. making progress. Birds. What do we know about birds in scripture? Well, I got a couple of examples. First Kings 17:6, remember Elijah predicted a drought. God tells him, "Go and hide up in the cave or wherever it was." And uh ravens brought him bread and flesh and then he drank from the brook. But the problem was it ran out after a while and then he had to go to the widow's house. You remember that? So, but the first um provision that God provided for um Elijah was was uh birds. By the way, the next time when he was all depressed, angels came and took care of him, which is interesting. Matthew 12:40 is the time that we read about a whale. Not many times we read about whales in the scripture, but this is one of them. For as Jonas was three days and three nights in the whale's belly, so shall the son of man be three days and three nights in the heart of the earth. I'm not going to get distracted trying to dis trying to explain why this isn't 72 hours. You know, three days, 24 hours times three mathematicians in our midst here. 72 hours. All right? And brother Rena makes a big deal about 72 hours that Jesus couldn't be in the in the in the tomb for 72 hours. All right? Because that's when corruption sets in. So this can't mean 72 hours. So what does it mean? basically just means any part of three days just like we say yesterday and I don't mean the 24-hour period prior to this one. It could mean that but 90% of the time it just means sometime yesterday. Don't know what else to say. Sometime in the past 24 hours. And so we'll talk about that maybe another time. If you have a question, let me know. Matthew 4:1 19. And he said unto them, follow me. Jesus talking to the fishermen and he says I'll make you fishes of men. Ah so now this Genesis story where he's talking about the fish and abundance of creatures coming out of the sea and to multiply and and fill the waters and why see why is the language like that? It's because that's our job. We're supposed to be multiplying the fishes where we live. We're the fishes, the fishermen of the people in our community, in our lives, in our families. That's our job. And that's what Jesus called the disciples for. And it wasn't unique to the disciples anymore than healing was unique to the disciples or deliverance or any of the other things that Jesus called them to. It's still our duty to be fishers of men. Unfortunately, many churches think it means keepers of the aquarium, but it's not. It's that we've got to make sure that we're throwing out the bait that we're throwing. Even the analogy of the first, second, and third pull is about fishing. So even in what I'm trying to say is you can take a a very simple understanding of this passage or you can look at it through the lens of the revealed word for today and we can see things uh in there that are like the love letter written between the lines if you like and I find it so inspiring and I hope you do too. So now this is an interesting story. The five loaves and the two fishes. Now I could ask any one of the children here, I'm pretty sure, and they know the story of the five loaves and the two fishes and how Jesus fed the multitude. And if they don't, I'll have to have a talk with brother Dan. But I'm sure they know it. But it can't just be a story with this much detail. That's just a story. And by the way, Jesus challenges his disciples. We'll read that in a minute. Did Did you understand about those miracles? And he says it wasn't about wasn't about the bread and the fish. Just he says, "I'm just letting you know it has nothing to do with bread and fish." And I'm like, "Hm, I wonder what it is about." So let's read this carefully. Matthew 14 19 and 20. And he commanded the multitude to sit down in the grass and took the five loaves and the two fish and looking up to heaven blessed and broke and gave the loaves to his disciples and the disciples to the multitude. So that's the first lesson the kids learn in school, Sunday school anyway, is that Jesus took the food, the word if you like, broke it out down for his disciples so they would understand it better and then they took it and fed the multitude. So that's kind of what our job is. All right. So we've been given this food, spiritual food in juice season. It's been beautifully broken down for us. What's our job? It's just to take it and hand it out. So, anybody who thinks that it's a big deal to to to share the word must just remember that it's the same job that you get at Starbucks. It's just a waiter. They're just bringing the food from somebody expert who prepared the food hopefully and they're bringing it out as carefully and as nicely as possible and presenting it in a decent way. They're not tripping and falling and dragging it off the floor and putting it back on the table. They're they're doing as good a job as they can to put the food in front of you in an appetizing way. How many of us treat sharing the gospel from a winsome perspective compared to the way I was brought up in the message, I hate to say, where it seemed like the only reason you would open your Bible would be to clobber somebody over the head with it. You serpent seed. I'm I'm not joking either. It's terrible. Oh, you don't see the prophet? Oh, you're a vulture. I mean really, you know, and I remember feeling uncomfortable, you know, being around that because it was it was so disrespectful. And I'm thinking that's not the way Jesus ministered the word to unbelievers. Now, if you claim to be a believer, you're in real trouble with Jesus, right? But for most of us, we're trying to be winsome. We're trying to win people to the to the gospel, not not drag them or beat them into it. Brother Brandham actually says that, you know, we shouldn't be dragging and beating people into the gospel. And now the next verse, 20. And they did all eat. How many were there? Well, in this case, let me see. There were 5,000 men. Not the Bible says besides women and children. So, let's call it 20,000. That's quite a big congregation even by megaurch standards. and they all ate and were filled. So when I first approached this um topic, I was picturing Jesus, and I know I won't get very far if I keep doing this, but I was picturing him breaking the bread and the fish. It's quite an extraordinary thing to picture because didn't matter how many times he broke it, there were still more. And the disciples are like, I don't get this. And and Jesus said, did you understand what I did? And they go, actually, they probably went, but of course didn't understand anything. So he he's breaking it and breaking it and handing it out and handing it out. But because he's such a poor caterer, he decides to make more than is necessary. Now, if you're a caterer hostess like Sister Jen, you always make more than enough. But Jesus didn't have to rely on chance to know how much people would eat before they were full. He knew to the last mouthful. Have you ever ever tried not to have another cookie? And you you you don't resist the temptation and you can see the effects of it and and you take another cookie and eventually you go, "That's it. I couldn't eat another thing." 20,000 people got to the point where they said, "That's it. I'm full." And there were still 12 baskets of overcated portions of the miracle left over. Actually doesn't make any sense. If Jesus is the creator of the universe and he can create all the things that we can't even begin to understand in in the in the whole universe, even in the cell, he would know when to stop breaking. And he did. He went, "Okay, that's the last one fed. There we go. All right, one basket, two baskets, three baskets." Gets to 12 baskets full, overflowing, right? Not not skimping. And he goes, "That's it. That's the last piece." No wonder the disciples were confused because are are we a little confused? He's like, "Don't understand why Jesus would do that." Then the next chapter, Matthew 15 verse 36-37, he took seven loaves and fishes and gave thanks and broke them and gave to his disciples and disciples to the multitude and they did all eat and were filled and they took up the broken meat and that was left seven baskets full. So as soon as I saw seven, my antenna went up. Okay, church ages. All right, so now let's back this up from the church ages. So what does this mean? This means that Jesus was going to give the food, the word to his disciples, the apostles. They were going to write it all down and they were going to spread it all over Asia Minor and Southern Europe and all those places. All right? And the word was going to be sufficient for that day and for the next seven church ages. That's good. And God knows exactly how much we need. And he's providing us spiritual food in due season for each age. We've got the Leodysian basket. And it's got just enough for us. It's exactly what we need. It's strength for the day. It's the word that will wash us and and keep us and get us ready for the rapture. And it was all pre-ordained. It was all there in the mind of God. And so when we read about birds and we read about fish, it's not just birds and it's not just fish. All right? There's more to the story. And so when Jesus uh in the next chapter, so 14 is the 5,000, 16 is the 4,000, and now we get to 16. Do you not yet understand? I can't imagine how Jesus did this. I mean, was he being snarky or was he being real um sympathetic? I don't know. It doesn't really sound like it to be honest. He says, "Do you not yet understand? Neither remember the five loaves of the 5000 and how many baskets you took up. Didn't Didn't that register to you? Don't you 12 12 tribes of Israel? So now we're getting to the picture because the seven baskets were for the Gentiles, but the 12 baskets were for the 144,000. And every one of them is in the mind of God as he's breaking those bits of food. He's thinking, "Here's the 12,000 from Judah, 12,000 from Reuben." And he's breaking that bread until it's just enough for the 144,000 and for the Jews that lived at in that day because that's who the disciples were going to take the the food to. He says, ' And what about the seven loaves of the 4,000 and how many baskets you took up? How is it that you do not understand? And then he says that I I spoke it not to you concerning bread, guys. It's it's not that literal. There's deeper meaning. We're supposed to read between the lines. And he says that they should watch out for the leaven of the Pharisee and the Sadducees. What's levan? Leaven's what you put in bread that gives it uh that gives it that malice of wickedness. And so food, the spiritual food that we're supposed to eat, he's saying you've got to be careful what you eat and you got to be careful what you give to other people. But I've made provision for 144,000 and for seven church ages with no lev anyway. That's why fish, I think, are important in scripture. We read about them many times. Now, we're going to get to the creation. Let me see. All right. And I won't tell you how many minutes are left. So, verse 26 now, and back to your Genesis, if you're holding your place there. Let us make man in our image after our likeness. And let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and the fowl of the air, and the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creeps upon the earth. So God created man in his own image, and the image of God created he him, male and female created he them. And God blessed them. And God said to them, "Be fruitful and multiply and replenish the earth and subdue it and have dominion over the fish of the sea and the fowl of the air and over every living thing that moves upon the earth." You see, when we get to chapter three, we see where the where the error happened, where that dominion, remember he's talking to Adam and Eve. Remember their name was Adam. Revel Genesis chapter 5 and God called their name Adam. This is still in the spiritual. This is Adam and Eve in the spiritual uh as brother Ren calls supernatural form and he's saying you have dominion. You don't have to submit to the ws of the enemy. You don't have to give into the beast theology because you have dominion. And as far as the fowls of the air are concerned, those are the fowls from Matthew 13. You can look that up and let me know what you find. Um, they roosted in the in the branches of the trees, picked up the seed that fell on hard ground. Bad, bad creatures, right? Eating the seed, taking it away from the believer. But you've got dominion over that. That's what he's telling us. So in the spiritual realm as we are going back to our Adam and Eve condition, we're supposed to be taking back that authority and saying you don't have the authority. You roaring lion that brother Paul talked about on Sunday. It we don't have to submit to that. Doesn't scare us. Death, where is your sting? Grave, where is your victory? So it's like a big bee and come stinger of death. Only trouble is his stinger was pulled at Calvary. That was what took the devil by surprise. If they had known they'd never have crucified the Lord of glory cuz he looked so done, just so vulnerable, so absolutely weak, and he's hanging there in shreds if you've seen the Passion movie. And the devil goes, "It's not him, guys. We've been fooled. It's not him. But now, now we've got him." And so, here comes the stinger of death. And that battle between life and death, between Satan and Jesus, the whole earth shook as something got hold of that stinger inside Jesus and wouldn't let it go until he had pulled the stinger. And what do we know about a bee without a stinger? He might buzz for a few seconds, but he's done. And that's the devil. Jesus pulled the stinger of death. He's done, but he can still buzz. Now, I want to tell you something. I've had bees and wasps and stuff come at me, and if you're like me, I'm like, whoa. I'm not looking. Hold on a second. Bee, have you got a stinger? I'm happy with the the wings buzzing and the flying around in erratic fashion to put me off. I'm I'm gone inside. And maybe he didn't have a stinger, but I'm not waiting to find out. So, here's the thing. We get scared because the devil's tactics haven't changed. He still acts like he has a stinger. And so, in in uh in um in the the picture of Sagittarius or or the or the the the Antichrist, the first rod of the Antichrist, he has a bow but no arrows. But I want to do this for you. The guys do archery and I love that because if you pull a big long bow and I pointed right at poor brother Brandon over there, all right, and he sees a 6', 10t, 8ft, whatever those long bows were and he's 150 yards away. He's not like, "Hold on a minute. I want to see if you've got an arrow." Like, no, I'm not waiting around to see if he's got an arrow or not. It's enough that he did this and I'm gone. But we do not have to do that because we know there's no arrow. We know there's no stinger. We know there's no death that we can't come back from. Isn't that amazing? So, praise God for that. Where were we? The fowl of the air. And every living thing that moves upon the earth, we have dominion over. And God said, "Behold, I've given you every herbbearing seed and which is upon the face of all the earth. And every tree in which is the fruit of a tree yielding seed to you it shall be for meat. Do you see an except do you see? But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. Not there. There were no bad trees. And we know that because he ends it by saying it was very good. So to every beast of the earth, including Mr. Serpent and Mrs. Serpent, and to every fowl of the air, and to everything that creeps upon the earth, wherein there is life, I have given every green herb for meat, and it was so. So there was provision for those animals. God wasn't holding back from them because he thought one of them was going to be bad. And God saw everything that he had made, and behold, it was very good. and the evening and the morning were the sixth day. So what does it mean when he says let us this is really what I want to talk about this evening. So we'll see how fast I can go. So by the benoms referring to the scripture u I think it might be questions and answer in Genesis. He talks about this quite a bit. Um anyway, and he says it's like John 4:24 that God is a single spirit. He says not a trinity of spirits. And of course, if God's a spirit and he's going to make something in his image, what's he going to make? Spirit. And that's where we get the idea that that first creation was a spiritual creation. It was the spirit of mankind that was being created because it was made in God's image. Now, brother Brandon gives us further insight into that which I'll get to later. And here was God unfolding himself now down. So, we've been talking about dimensions in the adult Bible study which fortunately for most people we finished now. And u I think it was getting a bit tiresome anyway. But he said he unfolded himself down. So from his dimension, which we think of as the seventh dimension, he's unfolding himself down and he's making himself, we'll see what brother Brandham says about this in a minute. It's beautiful. He's I don't want to give it away. So he's he's he's he's unfolding himself down which which I love into let us make man which was his son an offspring from him a man in our own image our own image. So, what's so significant about this? What's so incredible is that if you're on the oneness side of the fence, you're going, "Well, it's one God and he made one man and that's the end of the story." But in actual fact, when he made one man, he made them. So then he says he was a supernatural being this first Adam and let him have dominion over the cattle of the field and so forth. So in the spiritual realm, Adam's given full control. It's all yours and you can do with it as you please. You have total dominion. You can eat anything you like. Nothing's restricted. Nothing's held back. in the Hebrews. Uh this is the part that I wanted to get to. And now in the Hebrews series, and now the logos that went out of God, this is where I wanted to show you the animation. All this begins to form into a body shape. Now, if you go to Ezekiel and you see the one sitting on the throne that had the likeness of a man and when Moses sees the back parts of a man, God's favorite way to show himself is in the form that of human. Why is that? It's because a whatever the percentage part of the eternal spirit of God is not just deity, it's also humanity. We had to have our part in that eternal spirit to be part of him at the end. And Jesus said, "I pray that you would you' be with one as the father and I are one." So you see how this is now tying together with Genesis when he's talking about making us in his image. He's not just talking about the attributes of God, which is where most churches will will agree with that of God, his love, his nature, and his ability. All right? That those are the attributes of God that are baked into there. I go that uh integrated into uh our human experience. So we are creative, we can think, we can reason. All the things that we associate with God. But he says now he begins to form it into a body shape. And this body shape was called in the scholars teaching logos. The logos that went out of God. In other words, and he says a better word for it is what we call a theophony. Theophony is a human body that's glorified. Not exactly with flesh and blood like it will be in its glorified stage like Jesus had. Notice the difference. I never noticed this before. I didn't notice that it wasn't in the same condition that theophony as what we associate with a glorified body. It was prior to that. And we say well eat and drink. Except brother Ram says, "But it's a form of a human body that doesn't eat nor does it drink, but it's a body, a body that's waiting for us as soon as we leave this one." And that's the kind of body that God was. For he said, "Let us make man in our image, in our own image, in our likeness." So now we know that God has a form that's down from his invisible spirit, right? That's that's the top dimension seven. But coming down from that, he's put that logos that came out from him, that expression of everything, his plan, everything that he wanted to do, everything that was in his mind, he expressed it in this word and that word took a form. So when Jesus came and he was the word made flesh, no problem cuz it it fit. That spirit that went into Jesus at his um conception was the same shape. I'm amazed by these things. Romans chapter 1 20. Now what is what are we doing here? When you see the word things in this passage, if you look in other translations, they say attributes. And I like that attributes. Sure, attributes are things. There's nothing wrong with the translation. Just it's a nicer word. For the invisible things or attributes of him from the creation of the world. So why do we studying Genesis? We're going to spend three services on Genesis, just the first three chapters, because it's everything. It's the seed book. For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen being understood by the things that are made even his eternal power in godheaded so that they are without excuse. So when we think of the godhead and the logos and the form of the word that Jesus took and Adam's form and how that's our theophony that we go back to and wow it's all there all beautifully explained in Genesis chapter 1 and obviously it takes brother Brennham to kind of highlight that for us and then you might have read where um brother Brennan explains that um when that logos came out from God, he said, "I I pictured us looking over the balcony, over the bot, what do you say, barricade over the balcony, watching the creation taking place, and the logos is playing like a little child at the father's feet." That takes a little bit of getting used to, but there's something very scriptural about that in Proverbs 8:30. Then I was by him. This is wisdom speaking by the way. So wisdom is just another form if you like of logos. This is logos is is truth and knowledge uh with the thought behind it. You know all of those concepts and logos wisdom is very similar. So when Solomon's writing about wisdom he's personifying wisdom except I think he personifies her as a woman which I find interesting. Then I was by him as one brought up with him. It's like a son playing at the feet of the father. And I was daily his delight, rejoicing always before him. So if that can be said about wisdom, it can certainly be said about Logos. It would be no stretch to do that. Now we're going to finish up. Gosh, I'm doing well. Praise God. According to that, it's 8:19. That sounds good. All right, Ez. So, that makes everybody relax, get home on time. Ezra 4 11 and 18. What can let us mean? Well, I'm going to give you a list at the end of the different ways in which the Bible could use this uh concept of us. But this is my favorite. So God who is a spirit is going to create man and he says let us one spirit create man in our image. So this is the copy of the letter that they sent unto him artiseries. The letter which you sent unto us has been pray plainly read before me. So if you look in the Scoffield or in um the sonino edition of Jewish commentary about uh chapter one in revelation, you'll read they use the term ma the the plural of majesty or the majestic plural. And if you have any interest in British royalty, Queen Victoria was famous for saying we are not amused. And of course it was just her, but she represented the kingdom. And Arty Xerxes represents the kingdom. So the letter that you wrote to that was written written to him and he says that was read before us, before me, he's mixing up the pronouns. He'd be very famous today. But he's showing that it's more than just the person. It's the office that he holds. And that's how God was treating the creation of humanity, creation of mankind. We think of it as he made man, one man. No, that doesn't make sense. He didn't make one man. He made a spirit of mankind. that he took that spirit of mankind, put it into the form of Adam, and it multiplied from there. All right, we're going to finish up now. So, these are all the verses that refer to us. Of course, when God was creating, all the morning stars sang together and all the sons of God shouted for joy. There's a whole big group of people. And then in Genesis chapter 11, I love this after the flood and with the uh tower of Babel, he said, "Let us go down there and confound their language." And the next verse says, "And the Lord went down." So us doesn't always mean us. So the plural people have something. Anyway, 2 Corinthians 18:18, "The Lord sits upon his throne and all the host of heaven to his left and to his right." The Bible says, was he talking to all of them? I'm not so sure. I don't know. There may be something in it. I don't remember if Brother Rena mentions this, but you know, the rest of the host in heaven were angels. So, you know, I think we're a bit different. Isaiah 6:8, the voice of the Lord saying, "Whom shall I send and who will go for us?" That's so interesting. Mixing them up, right? It's obviously one person talking, but he uses the plural. And then, of course, we we mentioned uh Proverbs 8:30. So, we're going to finish up tonight with 6 minutes to go. Nailed it. All right, here's the summary. Things to take note of that will help our understanding in the next two chapters. What did you notice? Everything's good. Very good. When you get to the end, the animal kingdom are all told to multiply with their own kind. Human beings that are made in the image of God are actually made in the image of his supernatural form. And then the supernatural Adam was given complete dominion over the earth. Not just the animals and all that, but the Bible says over the whole earth. And he was commanded to multiply and replenish. And he had no restrictions regarding apples or whatever fruit. Everything was very good. So what happened? If everything was very good, how did who was it? Brother Paul talking about the devil sneaking in. I know. So, somebody else, but you know, we've got this picture of the, you know, especially in children's books of slippery serpent. Slippery serpent uh slithering under the wall to get into Eden. But it wasn't like that. He just walked in through the open door. So once he had taken over the serp the serpent, Satan was able to deceive Eve and that opened the door to sin and to death. He didn't have to sneak around to do it. He came out boldly in front of Eve. Yay, hath God said? and she was completely taken in. And so could we be except by God's grace cuz that's exactly what's happening in the world in the church world. But at this stage everything's very good except until it wasn't. And the Lord God said, "It's not good that man should be alone." Musicians, you can start making your way forward. It's not good that man should be alone. But unfortunately, it's that that actually became an issue later on. And so if you'll stay tuned for our next enthralling episode, we'll continue with the study next time and I hope to go a little bit faster. But Genesis 1 is so rich. I really didn't feel I was going to do chapter 2 as well, but I just didn't feel to do it. This is so important to us that we understand how this relates to us personally. And I really appreciate your attention. Let's stand and we can bow. It's our heavenly father, we so in awe of your word. We're so in awe of you and your creation, Lord, and everything that you everything that you do, Lord. You do it well. And Lord, we don't always understand your ways and higher than our ways and beyond our understanding sometimes. And we certainly can identify with the disciples and they say, "We we just don't get it. But Lord, we know that at the end of the day, where could we go? And Lord, it's to your word that we turn and it's to your word that we we bow in humbleness and humility, Lord, as we realize that you have your ways of doing things, Lord. And it's it you don't asking for our advice on how to do anything as you showed in Genesis, Lord. You've got it all under control. You made it just the way you wanted it to be. And so, Father, as we take your word into our hearts, Lord, and we start to think about how it applies to us and how we can be washed by the waters of your word, how can we let the light of your spirit shine in our hearts, how we can shed the love of Jesus abroad, how we can be your witnesses, Lord. how we can Lord be instruments in your kingdom placed and positioned for a purpose. We ask Lord that you would help quicken that to us in our lives and Lord make us the people that you want us to be. We ask it all in Jesus name. Amen. [Music] Thanks for the beginning. You're all together lovely, all together worthy, all together wonderful to me. Here I am. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. for the light of the world. You step down into darkness. You open my eyes and let me see [Music] the beauty that made this heart adore thee. Hope of a life spent with you. So here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. And here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonderful to me. King of all things. Yes Lord. He's the king of all days. Oh so highly exalted. Glorious in heaven above. Humbly you came to the earth you create all for love's sake became poor and here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely. All together worthy. Allto together wonderers. Last time here I am Lord. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. Praise the Lord. Praise God. You may be dismissed in Jesus name tonight. Lord be with you. Amen. Just all the ones homesick Lord. Lord bless them and give them strength in their bodies. Amen. Praise the Lord. You may go with go on rejoicing. Amen. In the name of the Lord. Be encouraged tonight. Praise the Lord. Here I am. Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. You're all together lovely, allto together worthy, allto together wonderful to me. Here I Here I am to worship. Here I am to bow down. Here I am to say that you're my God. We're all together lovely. Allto together worthy. Allto together wonderful to me. [Music] Oh, thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you've done. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you thanks. Oh, thanks. Thanks. I give you thanks for all you you've done. I am so blessed. My soul has found rest. Oh Lord, I give you faith. Why are we here if not to rush? Oh, why are we here? [Music] Oh, why are we here? Oh, if not to pray. Oh, why are we here? If not by his grace. Oh, why are we here? If not to be blessed. Oh, why are we here? If not to find rest. Oh, why are we here? It's not by choice. Why are we here is not to rejoice. Lord, Lord, here we are standing on holy ground. [Music] Oh Lord, we are here. Holy surrender now and hallelujah. Find the glory. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. By the glory, glorify us. Oh halle oh hallelujah by the glory. Hallelujah. Amen. Hallelujah. [Music] Find the glory. Glory. Revive us again. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Music]
