################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-06-08 - Returning to Receive - Bro. Aaron Oglesby on June 8th, 2025 - Aaron Oglesby.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-06-08
Title:    "Returning to Receive" - Bro. Aaron Oglesby on June 8th, 2025
Speaker:  Aaron Oglesby
Church:   Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 45m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mBpBmXcf60Q
========================================

Description:
If these messages have blessed you, please consider supporting our ministry.
We are very thankful for the help God sends us through praying saints.
Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle is a Non-Profit Christian Ministry and is wholly funded by the tax-deductible donations of our supporters. Please visit our website if you like to support Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle. https://www.fullgospellighthousetabernacle.com/live-stream/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat up [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] here. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Applause] [Music] Heat. [Applause] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] You want to do to the humble call back. Come and die. Oh, the disciples came to lay the oy [Music] Christ from mankind. Oh, there they found their hearts desire. Read a fish on the fire. Thus he satisfied hungry every time. Oh come and die. The master's calling. Come and die. Will you make peace at Jesus table all the time? He who fortitude turn into wine to the hungry calling down. I like this one. Oh, the land will take it right to be ever as high. Oh, the host of heaven will simple be and will be a glorious sign for all the saints in the spotless wine. Oh, and with Jesus we will feast eternally. Oh, come and die. The master's calling. Come and die. Will you make peace that Jesus [Music] d who and turn the water into fire to the hungry call. Amen. Let's sing it one more time. Oh, come and die. The master's calling. Come and die. Will you make peace at Jesus table all the time? He heard that multitude and turn the water into the hungry call from mankind. Amen. Give the Lord a praise in the house of the Lord this morning. We serve an awesome God. Blessed be your name. Amen. Amen. Good to be in the house, Lord, this morning. Is it? Blessing be your name. The land that he's pleading for. Where the streams of days flow. Blessed be your name. Blessed be your name. When I'm found in the desert place, though I walk through the wilderness, blessed be your name. Every blessing you pour out, I'll turn back to pray. Oh, when the darkness closes and Lord will still say, "Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your name. Blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your glorious [Music] name. Blessed be your name. When the sun shining down on me. When the world as it should be. Blessed be your name. [Applause] And blessed be your name on the road mark with suffering those pain in the honor. Blessing be your [Music] name. Oh every blessing you pour out I'll turn back to bring you. Oh, in the dark days closes in the Lord will still life will say, "Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your name. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be your glorious name. You give and take away. You give and take away. My heart will choose the same. Oh Lord, blessed be your name. You keep and take away. You keep and take away. My heart will choose to say, "Oh Lord, blessed be your name. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be your name. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Oh, blessed be your love. [Music] Well, blessed be the name. Oh, just bless his holy name in the house of the Lord this morning. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be the Lord. You give and take away. You give and take away. You keep and take away. My heart will choose to say blessed be your name. You give and take away. You give and take away the heart you choose to save me. Blessed be your name. Oh, blessed be the name. Oh, just bless his name this morning. Oh yes. Oh, blessed be the name of the Lord. Blessed be glorious [Music] name. Amen. Give him praise. [Applause] Open the eyes of my heart, Lord. Just open the eyes of my heart and I want to see you, Lord. I want to see you. Open the eyes. Just open the eyes of my heart. Open the eyes of my heart. I want to [Music] see. I want to see you. To see you. To see you. [Music] High. We're shining in the light of the glory. Pour out your power and love as we see holy. Open the eyes. Open the eyes of my heart. Lord, open the eyes of my heart. I want to see you. Lord, I want to see me. eyes. Open the eyes of my heart. Lord, open the eyes of my heart. I want to see [Music] you, Lord. I want to see you. To see you high above it. will shine in the light of your glory. Oh, pour out your power and love as we sing. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to sing. Holy, holy, holy. Oh, holy, holy, holy. You are holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. I want to see. Oh, let's do that one more time. Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy. You are holy, holy, holy. I want oh to see you, to see you high in [Music] li. Just pour out your power as we see. Holy, holy, holy. Amen. The more I seek you. Let's go deep on that one. [Music] Oh, I seek [Music] you. The more I find you, the more I find [Music] you, the more I love you. I want to sit at your feet, drink from the cup in your bed, lay back and kiss you and breathe and feel your heartbeat. Oh, this love is so deep. is more than I can stand. Oh, I'm melting. Your peace is [Music] overwhelming. The more I seek you, the more I find you. [Music] The more I find you, the more I love you. [Music] Oh, I want to sit at your feet. Drink from the cup. Back in case you brea your [Applause] heart. Oh, his love is so deep. [Music] Oh, I meant your peace. It's over. Oh, I want to Oh, I want to sit at your feet. Dream from the cup in your hand. Lay back against you. Oh yes. [Music] for [Music] [Applause] [Music] me. I love your face over [Music] me. Amen. Is that your desires this morning? just to seek him more and more and you'll find him. Amen. As we go to the prayer requests this morning, I want to continue lift up each and every one of our elderly, sick folks, everyone. Lord, want to pray for our pastor, Brother Ron Spencer, that God would just touch his body and strengthen him. They had a wonderful service last night there, Brother Waynees. I pray for good services there this morning. I want to pray for Sister Teresa Delaney. She will be having surgery uh June the 9th at UVA. That God would just be with her there on that. As well as I want to remember brother Marcus Turner. His 2-year-old grandson has an enlarged lymph node in the stomach, possibly a second one. They believe it is benign. He is scheduled June the 18th for consult with a pediatric surgeon. also remember he has uh injured his foot. So we want to remember our brother Marcus that God would just touch him and his body. I want to continue to lift up our sister Wanda Hinkle that God would just touch her, heal her of that ovarian cancer and God would just move in a supernatural way this morning there. Please remember Sister Teresa Gooden and Sister Sarah Gooden in prayer. They need a touch in body. Thank you, Sister Darlene. Please remember Sister Faith Miller. She is at the hospital, very sick and needs a healing touch in her body. Thank you, Sister Christina Pierce. Dear church family, please continue to pray for Scotty Arnold, Elena Kesler, Samantha Nichols. Thank you, Sister Deborah Watson. Please pray for my niece, Haley. She has scarlet fever. Please pray for a full recovery. Thank you, brother Randall Griff. Amen. How many would have an unspoken request? Just pray the Lord would just move by each and every one of these needs. Just reach out and touch him this morning as he passes by. I'm going to ask brother William just come pray over these needs for us this morning. Amen. Let's bow our heads in our heart. Dear gracious heavenly father, Lord, we bow humbly before you in prayer. Lord, we just want to express how much we love you, Lord, and how much how much thankfulness we have in our hearts, Lord, for all that you do for us, Lord, as we think, oh God, and of how great that you are. And Lord, when you were here at the last supper, Lord, and the disciples were all around you, Lord, there was a special disciple, Lord, that John that he was laying on your chest. And Lord, he represented the bride, this specifically this end time bride. Lord, I believe with all my heart that this end time bride is a very special lady to you. And Lord, many times, many times we go through things in life, Lord, Satan, we like to drown out your voice and we just seem like we can't hear. But Lord, if we could just hear your heartbeat as it were, then we know that your presence has never left us because you promise that you would never leave us nor forsake us. Lord, I love you this morning for the promise. Thank you, Lord, that you're such a great comforter, Lord, that you're our healer. Lord, when you were on the cross, Lord, you said it is finished. Lord, they looked at s looked like to the natural eye that there was such a defeat and how could there be victory and such a gruesome and painful death. But oh God, it was Satan's greatest blow when you made it to the cross and you sh you gave your life and you shed your blood. Lord, the answer to every request, the answer to every hand that was uplifted, the answer to every sickness and every turmoil of life was finished. Lord, you're the answer to every situation. Lord, you're the answer to every request. Lord, we lift up every request to you, Lord, in the life behind the hand. And Lord, the pain, Father, and the the unspoken moments, oh God, of of pain and affliction, Lord, we just commit it into your hands, Lord. We know that your ways are so much greater than ours. There's many things we don't understand in life. But, Father, we trust you. We trust you with all of our hearts. We trust you with our mind, with our bodies, and with our souls. We speak peace to your people, Lord. As the word comes forth, we ask that you bless Brother Aaron, Lord. May he just yield to the gift that you place into his life. May life, oh Lord God, just flow through the words, Lord God, that he speaks this morning. Not the words of a man, but the words of God. We look to you now for this service, Lord, and we just give you all the praise, honor, and glory and pray that you have your way. Bless your people, Father. We ask in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. Maybe this time we'll sing uh Our God is tremendous. We receive this morning's offering. Have Sister Aaliyah come sing for us this morning if she would. And after her, we'll have Sister Whitney Breeden come sing. Oh, when you're in need, I call on the Lord and he hears me. Yes, he helps me. He is faithful. and true. He won't forget his [Music] own. My companion or my best friend, the only true God. There's no gater, wonderful savior. Jesus, the light of Jehovah. Our God is tremendous. strength and failing. He'll come through the fire just the same slight mighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm to power. Our God did not have. Our God is heaven for his glory. He gave us the victory. the greatest love. Oh, when you're in trouble or when you're in trouble, you go peace. The waiting for God Almighty will fight your battle. Oh yes, he will stand for you. Oh, your victory will come out and the way that you think the truth will hold just to stay in your position. Oh yes. Our God is [Music] [Music] tremendous and you be down for the glory. Give us the victory, the great. Oh, let's sing it one more time. Our God is tremendous and stri made him cover just the same slight mighty. He sends his angels to guide me. There's no storm power. Our God can our [Music] God in you and me came down his glory and gave us a victory. the greatest love story. Amen. You can be seated this morning. [Music] You call me out upon the waters, the great unknown where feet may [Music] fail. And there I find you in the mystery. In oceans deep, my faith will stand. [Music] And I will call upon your name and keep my eyes above the waves. When oceans rise, my soul will rest in your embrace. For I am yours and you are [Music] mine. Your grace abounds in deepest waters. Your sovereign hand will be my guide. Where feet may fail and fear surrounds me. You've never failed and you won't start now. [Music] So I will call upon your name and keep my eyes above the waves. When oceans rise, my soul will rest in your embrace. For I am yours and you are mine. [Music] Spirit lead me where my trust is without borders. Let me walk upon the waters wherever you would call me. And take me deeper than my faith could ever wonder. And my faith will be made stronger. In the presence of my savior. Spirit lead me where my trust is without borders. Let me walk upon the waters. Wherever you would call me. Take me deeper than my feet could ever wonder. Our faith will be made stronger in the presence of my savior. [Music] And I will call upon your [Music] name and keep my eyes above the waves. When oceans rise, my soul will rest in your embrace. For I am yours and you are mine. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Take me to the king. I don't have much to bring. My heart is tore in [Music] pieces. It's my offering. Take me to the king. Truth is, I'm tired. Options are few. I'm trying to pray. [Music] Where are you? I'm all churched out. Hurt and abused. I can't fake what's left to do. Truth is, I'm weak with no strength to fight, no tears to cry. Even if I try, but still my soul refuses to die. [Music] One touch will change my life. Take me to the king. I don't have much to bring. My heart is torn in pieces. It's my offering. Lay me at the throne. Leave me there alone to gaze upon your glory and sing to you this song. Please take me to the king. [Music] Truth is, it's time to stop playing these games. We need a word for the people's pain. So Lord, speak right now. Let it pour like rain. We're desperate. We're chasing after [Music] you. No rules, no religion. I've made my decision to run to you. the healer that I [Applause] need. Take me to the king. I don't have much to bring. My heart is torn in pieces. It's my offering. Lay me at the throne. Leave me there alone to gaze upon your gloryy and sing to you this song. Please take me to the [Music] king. Lord, we're in the way. We keep making [Music] mistakes. The gloryy's not for us. It's all for you. Please take me to my king. I don't have much to bring. My heart is torn in pieces. It's my offering. Lay me at the throne. Leave me there alone to gaze upon your sweet glory and sing to you this song. Please take me to my [Music] king. Amen. That's what our desire is to go before the king prepared like John saw that holy city New Jerusalem coming down out of heaven prepared as a bride adorned for her husband. And Esther took 12 months of preparations to make herself ready. And I believe this bride has made herself ready. She's wrapped herself in the message of the hour. She took six months just soaking in myrr and making sure that she had the right kind of a worship and a smell that was going forth to the father before she would present herself before the king. Then she would take and she would make sure all the cosmetics and all the how that everything was just destined right. I believe that's so important that we bathe oursel naturally. We perfume oursel naturally. We cover we cover the stench of this world naturally. We bathe oursel and then we come in spiritually and we bathe oursel in the word of his presence and let him wash us and make us new in his presence. I think it's great to take a shower in the presence of the Holy Ghost. Don't you? To go before our king. go before our king in worship, in adoration, praising the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. And that's what we've done today. We've come here to be washed by his presence, to be made new and let him come and bathe us and make us make our worship so pure and so holy that we come before the king just perfectly on that day. That's our desire. Amen. Didn't you just enjoy the word of the Lord last evening? It was so rich and perfect. And we're just looking unto the Lord today. We just want to make oursel ready before the Lord today as brother Aaron would prepare to come. Maybe you'll just stand with us this this morning. Amen. How many has a need that you'd like to make known to the Lord? You'd just like the Lord to come and minister to you. Maybe Kia G will play that song. I trust in God. Just ask the Lord to come whether it's physically, spiritually, emotionally, no matter what stage of life that you're in. I want you to be very specific with the Lord Jesus this morning. He's the kind of God that likes to take little children up and let them drink from his cup and minister to them. He goes to the elderly. There's no stipulation on healing, no matter how old we are. I believe in divine healing and I believe in divine health that our Lord Jesus Christ can minister to the little, to the weak, to the strong. And I believe he's in this room this morning to minister to you no matter your case, no matter your situation. Why don't you just put your trust in Jesus this morning? Amen. Oh, blessed asssurance. Oh, Jesus is mine. He's been my fourth man in the fire time after time. Oh, born of his [Music] spirit. Oh, washed in his blood. And what he did for me, oh Cal, is more than enough. So I trust in God whom my savior, the one who will never fail. He will never [Music] fail. So I trust in God. Oh my savior, the one who will never [Music] fail. He will never fail. Oh, perfect submission. Oh, all is at rest. I know the author of tomorrow has ordered my stay. So this is my story and this is my song. I'm praising my rising king and s all the day long. So I trust. So I trust in God whom my savior the one who will never fail. He will never fail. Can you trust him in that? So I trust in God. Oh my savior, the one who will never [Music] fail. He will never fail. So I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. That's why I trusted. That's why I trusted. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. That's why I trust him. That's why I trusted. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he ate. Hallelujah. Why don't you send up an offering unto him, a sweet smelling savior. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust him. I sought the Lord and he heard. Why don't you trust him in your finances? Why don't you trust him in your healing? Why don't you trust him in your marriage? Hallelujah. He'll hear you one more time. I saw the Lord. I sought him. I saw him. I saw him. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust in God. Oh, my savior, the one who will [Music] never fail. [Music] He will never fail. So I trust in God, my savior, the one who you never fail. [Music] Hallelujah. Oh Lord God Almighty, you are clothed in majesty. Oh the heavens declare your wonderers. You are great and do marvelous [Music] things for you alone our [Music] God. There is no one else like you. Let the nations declare oh that you you have done great things. Oh you have done great things. Oh mighty you are. Oh holy you are. Your mercy endureth forever more. [Music] righteous you are. Oh great you are. I will exalt you. Oh Lord, oh my God, my king. Oh mighty you are. Oh holy you are. [Music] [Music] might hallelujah. Have you found him to be mighty in your life? Amen. We serve such a wonderful, awesome God. So, so thankful to have this opportunity again to be gathered with you. We just so enjoyed his presence last night. So enjoyed being with you. We've heard wonderful reports this morning from from Ohio and your pastor, brother Ron, just did a phenomenal job last night. I I know that's exactly what we expected and he he sure did a wonderful job. And just want to tell you again how much we love and appreciate you. Bring greetings from our our pastor back home, brother Tim. Just sends his love and greetings to you. Amen. So let's just pray together. Heavenly Father, Lord, truly you have done great things. Lord, I I stand here Lord as a testament to the miracle working power. Lord, I look across this audience and I see miracle after miracle after miracle, Lord. You are a mighty God, Lord. And today, Lord, we recognize the mighty things you've done in this generation, Lord, to turn a people back to the faith of the fathers, Lord. We thank you for that. So today, Lord, we're not, Lord, struggling along, blinded, Lord, with no light, Lord, trapped in mystery Babylon, Lord. But today, there's a people that are free, that are, Lord, return back to the homeland. And we just want to say thank you, Lord. Lord, help us, Lord Jesus, along the journey. Help us, Lord God, to keep our eyes on the prize, Lord. Help us not be distracted by all the comforts of Babylon around us today, Father. Lord, I pray that you'll just help us, Lord, as we look into your word to find something that would benefit and edify your people. Lord, may you just use me to step aside, Lord, at any moment and speak a word, Lord. Lord, that you would have spoken for your people. We love you. Ask you to anoint, Lord, every aspect, everything that's said. If there be anything that you don't want said, I pray you would take control and just close my mouth. Father, we love you. We commit this time to you now. In Jesus name we pray. Amen. And amen. God bless you. If you if you have your Bibles with you and you'd like to turn with me to the book of Isaiah 44 and just kind of want to give a heads up to our friends working in the booth on the scriptures. We're going to we're going to read a lot of scripture today. I hope that's okay. We're going to go through a lot of scriptures and try to lay some things in and and um I'll make sure I allow plenty of time for them to keep up with us. Amen. Isaiah 44 and verse 28. And then we're going to read from Isaiah 45. I'd like to uh speak to you today on a thought, returning to receive. Returning to receive. And verse 28 here says, "That saith of Cyrus, he is my shepherd and shall perform all my pleasure, even saying to Jerusalem, thou shalt be built, and to the temple, thy foundations shall be laid." If we look now in Isaiah 45 and verse one says, "Thus saith the Lord to his anointed to Cyrus, whose right hand I have holden to subdue nations before him, and I will loose the loins of kings to open before him the two leaved gates, and the gates shall not be shut." If we'll skip down to verse 13, I have raised him up in righteousness, and I will direct all his ways. He shall build my city. He shall let go my captives, not for price nor reward, saith the Lord of hosts. Amen. You can have your seats this morning. We just pray the Lord add his blessing to the reading of the word. And and as we go through this, I kind of just want to just tell you right up front where we're going and and and what I want you to keep in mind. I don't I don't want it to be a a mystery to you. You know, a lot of times I I always say that's the problem with mystery preachers is a lot of time when they get done, it's still a mystery. And and so I don't want this to be mysterious at all. I want us to know together where we're going. And and I I want to look at Israel and their captivity in Babylon and then their return back to the homeland as it relates to the church down through the ages and and and her captivity in the Roman Catholic Church or mystery Babylon and and how God had promised a restoration. And because we know that Israel is a a a type of the church and and we know that that Israel had strayed away from God and and because of this they were exiled and taken down to Babylon and and and spent 70 years of exile there just as Jeremiah had foretold. So So as we talk about Israel, just keep that right in mind. We're also talking about the church. We're we're talking about that. And Israel had strayed and and spent 70 years in exile. And this exile greatly affected them as a nation. It it affected their culture. It it affected their worship. And and as they're stuck there, they they made attempts not to lose what they had. They came together in in communities and they wanted to to to not forget what it had been like in the homeland. and they they didn't want to lose all their traditions and and and so they they made efforts and they made attempts to continue on worshiping how they had done in the homeland. Scholars point back to this time in Babylon as the time that synagogues were actually founded because before this they would worship at the temple but now they they began to to found synagogues and establish synagogues and and services were held and and they observed holidays in these synagogues. They they prayed in these synagogues. They they practiced circumcision here. And and and the traditions of their religions was carried on here. And and so as we look at that, there was really no problem with their worship. They they were doing the best that they could with what they had. All right? That they they were that even though they couldn't fully worship in spirit and in truth and and even though they couldn't go back to the temple to sacrifice, they were doing the best they could. The issue wasn't their worship. The issue was when an opportunity came to go back to the homeland, they had become comfortable in their traditions. They had become comfortable carrying on with stories and how things used to be. And now all of a sudden there's an opportunity that says you can go back and they thought but why why do we need to go back? So the opportunity comes to go back to the original and they no longer saw the need to be restored back. 2 Chronicles 36:23 it says, "Thus sayaith Cyrus, king of Persia, all the kingdoms of the earth hath the Lord God of heaven given me, and he hath charged me to build him a house in Jerusalem." Says, which is in Judah, now here's the important part. Who is there among you? Of all his people, the Lord his God be with him. Let him go up. And scholars would go back and say if we were attach to attach a percentage perhaps those who left Babylon, it would be it would amount to no more than 10%. 10% of those who were in Babylon decided, "I want to go back." 90% said, "No, no, no, no. I'm good here in my church tradition. I'm good right here where I'm at." They they had been given instructions by the prophet to tar in Babylon. If you'll look with me in Jeremiah 29 and5, it says, "Build ye houses and dwell in them. Plant gardens and eat the fruit of them. Take ye wives and begget sons and daughters, and take wives for your sons, and give your daughters to husbands, that they may bear sons and daughters, that you may be increased there, and not diminished, and seek peace of the city, whether I have caused you to be carried away captives, and pray unto the Lord for it, for in the peace thereof, you shall have peace." In other words, they had a prophet tell him, "Plant your potatoes. [Music] plant your potatoes. Do the best you can while you're here. But what happened is they got caught up in the tearing. They got caught up in the waiting and they lost focus on the purpose. Because see, it's verse 10 that's the important part. They got caught up in this. But in verse 10 it says, "For thus sayaeth the Lord after 70 years be performed be accomplished at Babylon. I will visit you and perform my good word toward you in causing you to return to this place." In other words, that works for a while. That's my will. But there's coming a time that you can't stay there no more. There's coming a time that I'm going to say, "Come out of her, my people. Don't get too comfortable where you're at. Don't get too comfortable in the taring. But what happens is they got too busy to think about leaving. They got too busy for prayer time. They got too caught up in the cares of life. They were successful where they were at. They had so much invested in Babylon. Many of them never knew the homeland for themselves. Never. The homeland was just stories. The way God used to move was just stories. The miracles was just stories. The pouring out of his spirit was just stories. But there was some of them that had tasted it before. There was some of them that were from that homeland and they said, "This is not my home, but something's drawing me back to the original." Hallelujah. They got comfortable being down in Babylon. Why wouldn't the opportunity to return to the promised land cause a massive exodus from Babylon? They had settled into their religion where they were. They had grown accustomed to a to a little bit of Babylon mixed into their beliefs. They didn't see the need for an Acts 238 experience. They didn't see the need anymore for an Acts 4 experience. They just believed on the Lord or they just believed that God sent a prophet and figured they could stay where they were at and be okay. But God had provided an opportunity to go back. And when he says go back, you better go back. If God says move, it's time to move. If God says do something, you better do it and not debate about it. Wonder why or I like it here. I'm comfortable here. When God says cross over, you cross over. You can find an example of Reuben and Gad on on their journey through through the wilderness in the 40 years, they they had they had built up and got so many flocks. They had so many sheep that when they got to the well-watered plains on this side of Jordan, they didn't see the need to cross over into the promised land. They said, "This land suits me better. working on Sundays suits me better because look what I've got. Look what I've accomplished. Look what I have accumulated. And if you'll study the history of it, you'll find that Reuben and Gad went into captivity and exile almost 30 years before any of the other tribes because they were on the wrong side of Jordan. What am I telling you? I don't care what you've accumulated in Babylon. I don't care how blessed you've been in Babylon. There has been a call. Go forth. Be not partakers of her plagues. It's time to cross over. Don't stop short. Don't stop on this side of the Holy Ghost. You go all the way to the upper room and you get filled with the spirit and say, "I'm crossing over today into what God has provided for me." If he says, "Return, return." Hallelujah. Because I don't care how good life is for you, you can't stay here. We cannot stay here. We can't get too comfortable here. Isaiah is writing this more than a hundred years prior to Cyrus taking control of Babylon. And he calls Cyrus the anointed of the Lord. He says, "I will direct his ways and he shall build my city and he shall free my people." Listen, God does things the way he wants to do it. God uses who he wants to use. It doesn't have to be how you're expecting it this morning. Think about it. It don't have to be when you expect it or who who you expect. God is in control. No matter what we think, he uses who he wants to use to accomplish what he wants to accomplish. God chose Cyrus, a pagan polytheistic king to set his people free and send them back. Think about it. Sometimes we get so caught up in the vessel God's using instead of hearing what God's saying through the vessel. Well, I don't like this and I don't like that. You're missing the message. That's right. You're missing the point. Well, why is it always this? And why is it always this person? Oh, of course that. I mean, they're family. And you're missing the message. God uses who God wants to use to accomplish what God wants to accomplish. And he don't ask our opinion about it. We just got to get to the place that we say, "Yes, Lord. I hear your voice. I hear you speaking to me. Let me yield to what you're saying." Hallelujah. Well, surely a great deliverer is going to rise up like Moses. Surely God's going to use one of our brethren, one of the priests from the original temple. God's going to use him. Nope. Cyrus, a polytheistic king that believes in many gods. They're going to be delivered how God wants them to be. That's why they couldn't recognize Jesus. It didn't come how they expected him to come. Don't miss God in a service because he's not moving the way you expect him to move. Don't miss God in your life because you got a certain way you're expecting it to happen. Just say, "God, help me recognize you when you're working. Help me see you in all your ways. Help me accept it when you come down and move in my life. God does it the way he wants. Listen, the message came how God wanted it to come, exactly how he want. Well, surely through this organization and surely a a great doctor of divinity and sure, nope. William Brown, that's the messenger. That's who God chose. Well, I don't like how he said, "What about that?" That's who God chose. He said, "This is the message of deliverance. This is the opportunity to go back. You can get on board or you can be left behind. But there is a percentage. Maybe 1%, maybe 2%. Whatever it is, count me in that percentage that says I'm going back to the homeland. Hallelujah. God chose the messenger. And he sent the message and it was foretold exactly in Malachi 4. We know this well. Malachi 4:5. Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord. And he shall turn the heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart of the children to the fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse. What is this prophecy? It's a prophecy of an opportunity to go back. An opportunity to return to the land of the word. an opportunity to return to the faith of the fathers. The church had need to turn back because they had found themselves down in Babylon. They had found themselves captured and and they started free and full of power right there in Jerusalem and and the spirit moved free and they operated according to to Mark 16 and and according to James 5 and and there were no claims of the church of a false trinity. There was no false doctrines, no false baptisms. the the doctrines and the deeds of the nickelatans had not taken hold on the church yet. Listen, the church I don't even understand why this is a debate amongst some folk. But the church at Pentecost was the pattern. They were the standard. That's right. They were the original. That's right. Prophet of God says Pentecost was our pattern. That's right. That's there's no question mark. There's no commas. That's a sentence. Pentecost was our pattern. He says, "No one will have to say, but what the church was inaugurated on the day of Pentecost." Thus, what the church was at Pentecost is the standard. Amen. Why do people get upset when we talk about going back to Pentecost? We just put it like this. Hey, we're trying to be exactly what God wanted the church to be. We're trying to match what God wanted us to match. And people get bothered by that. I just want to be what God said. Here's the pattern. Lord, let me match that pattern. No matter if it's popular, no matter if it's old, no matter people ridicule, I want to do it God's way. I want to match his pattern. He says there is no other pattern. No matter what the scholars say, God has not changed the pattern. Now, here's the thing. People say, "Well, days gone by this, that, and the other." Here's what the prophet says. What God did at Pentecost, he has to keep on doing until the church ages close. The true church will always try to be like the original at Pentecost. The true church will try to approximate that early first one. That's right. Well, y'all are just trying to be like Pentecost. Yeah. The prophet told us to be. That's right. As a matter of fact, he said the true church will always try to be like the first church at Pentecost. He makes it very clear what the pattern is and and what we're to be like. But what happened to that first church, the same thing that happened to Israel, they left their first love and they followed after other gods. They begin to drift and allow the ideas of man into the church. Listen, if I can encourage you in any way this weekend, don't leave your first love. Fall in love with Jesus all over again. Well, I got this, brother, and I got this situ. Fall in love with Jesus. Fall in love with him more than you ever have before. Seek him more than you ever have before. Don't let other things rise to the same level of importance as your relationship with Jesus Christ. There is nothing that should reach that level because when that happens, then the the revival fires begin to die. Then the lukewarmness begins to creep in. Next thing you know, you're wandering around and where's God? Where's God? You want to find God? Go back to where you left him. Go back to when you prayed. Go back to when you worshiped. Go back to when you read the word and listen to the message. Go back where you left him at. Stay in love with Jesus. But that first church left their first love. And the prophet of God says the fervent desire to please God, the passion to know his word, the the cry for reaching out in the spirit all began to fade. And instead of that church being on fire with the fire of God, it cooled off. Full Gospel Lighthouse, don't ever cool off. Don't ever cool off. Don't ever get lukewarm. Don't ever let the devil rob your worship. Don't ever give ear to the people criticizing and talking. Listen, don't ever let the fire of God leave this place, the passion for the word, the passion for worship, the passion to come together and give him your everything. Don't ever cool off. You are a lighthouse to the world of how to be free in the spirit, how to worship a living God. Let that light shine service after service after service. Don't ever give into this lukewarm denominational layout of kind of worship. You give God your everything. He says they become a bit formal. That is what was happening back there to the Ephesians. They was getting a bit formal. The second generation coming on was just like Israel. They demanded a king to be like other nations. When they did that, they rejected God, but they did it anyway. That is the history of the church. They let down the bars and goats come in and took over. The cry of joy was gone. The freedom of the spirit was gone. Oh, they kept on with the form, but the fire had died down and the blackness of ashes is all that was left. But as usual, people don't heed God's warning. The revival fire built upon the sacred word is so wonderful. Listen, the manifestation of the spirit is so blessed that a little fear creeps in and whispers in the heart and says, "How can we protect the truth we have? What can we do to see this revival goes on?" That is when the antichrist spirit comes in and whispers, "Look, you have the truth now. See that it doesn't get lost." Isn't that something that the Antichrist actually works through trying to get people to protect the truth? Because it our idea of protecting things is to build walls. And the word of God tears walls down. That's right. Now, don't get me wrong, there are walls of fortification that the Holy Spirit will build and things that he puts in our life. You know, a lot of people and a lot of young people, I want to say this to you. A lot of times you look at the standards of the word and the standards and you look at it as a prison. Well, I'm stuck inside here and and they don't let me do nothing. And and listen, if you'll begin to look at it just a little different and realize that ain't a prison, but it's your castle. It's your fortification that God has put around you to protect you from the darks of the enemy and the fires of the enemy and the ws of the devil. And just begin to look at those things a little different. It's not to keep you, you know, keep you in and never let you live. It's to make sure you live eternally. It's to make sure, it's to keep you from being scarred. I just want to go here for a minute. Listen, I know sometimes we look at lives and we're like, "Well, they did all this and they lived in the world and they made it and they're doing okay. I wish to God I could go back to 10 and 11 and 12 and start this thing over." And yeah, yeah, God by his grace has changed me. But I live with scars every single day. I have mind battles every single day. I struggle with things every single day because I sat right here and I thought maybe later, maybe later. Maybe later. If I could look back in my life and see myself, I'd say, "Don't get in that car with that friend. Don't go to that place with that friend. Why don't you come down to the altar and give your life to Jesus Christ and live for Jesus Christ and spare yourself the scars, spare yourself the hurt? Can you make it? Of course, you can make it. But I'm asking you to get inside the castle today and save yourself a lifetime of hurt and heartache. God ain't going to lose you. You're here. You're his. I'm just offering you an opportunity to avoid those roads. The revival fire is cooled off. And right here is where the capture takes place. Right here is where the church goes down to Babylon. The very moment that they organize that first move and the devil comes in and he uses the fear of losing the truth to ensnare the people. But even as God begins the restoration and we know God begins to move in Luther, the just shall live by faith. Even as the church began its journey back from exile to the restoration, even as God would send messengers down through the ages, that spirit kept working to keep people from going all the way back. Even if they left Rome, if he could just keep them with that same denominational mindset, that same denominational lifestyle, then he could keep a claim on them. if he could keep the church from being completely free, completely restored, and he would use the fear of losing the truth to do it. The the the revelation of justification was so special and it brought it brought so much freedom, but they walled it up so tight that they couldn't go on to sanctification. We must protect this truth. And then the revelation of sanctification was so special, being sanctified from the world, but they had to protect it. and they walled it up. So they couldn't move on. The gifts and the power are restored and they said, "This is it." And so they walled it up and they couldn't move on when God sent a prophet. But then God sends a prophet in this day. And we said, "This is it." And some have walled up so tight around God sent a prophet that they got more traditions than any of the denominations before us. Amen. And I thank God for every person who's recognized that God sent a prophet, but they're walled up so tight, they've never been able to go on into what the prophet said. They've never stepped into the message of the prophet. Listen, I hate to say it this way. There's a lot of people who know God sent a prophet who ain't going to make it because they say he's a prophet, but they've never received the message that the prophet brought. The message was not God sent a prophet. I want to make it clear. Thank God he did. Thank God you recognize that. But the message was not that he he called a people out of Babylon. He restored the truths of the ages. He said, "Come out of her, my people." You can't still be living a denominational life and saying, "God sent a prophet and think that's going to save you." He's calling you out of exile, back to the homeland, back to a relationship, back to the word, back to Jesus Christ. Hallelujah. Glory. And Babylon still holds a claim because it's the same spirit that worked in the Ephesian age. The prophet tells us the cry of joy was gone. The freedom of the spirit was gone. They kept on with a form. Listen, I ain't interested in a form. I ain't interested that we do every exact thing right and cross every tea and dot every eye. I'm interested that God has his way. I'm interested that God has his way in my life, that God has his way in your life, that we're led by the Holy Spirit, and that we're subject to the word of God. He will take care of everything else. Because there is a people that have been turned back, that their hearts has been turned back and they're refusing to stop short of going all the way. Where are we going? I'm going back to the homeland. Where you going, Brother Aaron? I'm going back to the original. It's a return to to to where and how our fathers worshiped. I'm going back to that place and I'm not going to stop along the journey. Listen, justifi sanctification was just on the way. It was a good place, but it was just along the way. Sanctification was just on the way. Isuza was just on the way. God sent a prophet was just on the way. You can't stop along the way. I'm going all the way back to where the message told me to go to. Hallelujah. It's a return. We're returning all the way. Hallelujah. Jeremiah prophesied that they would return back to the land of their fathers, the land of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob. He says, "I will visit you and perform my good word towards you and causing you to return to this place." It's the same thing with with Malachi concerning the church. It prophesied that one's going to come that would turn our hearts back to the faith or to the land of Peter of Paul and Stephen. But getting away from their first love that that church fell into captivity and prophets and and different servants came and they they kept hope alive. They kept hope alive for a full return. and Malachi prophesied and Joel prophesied and and God sent men down through the ages to keep the faith alive that one day, one day there's going to be a full return. But finally, the return comes. Finally, there's an edict from the king. It's time to go back. It's time to rebuild. A prophet comes on the scene with a message from the king declaring Bible truth, declaring Bible doctrines. time to return to the original. You must have the token. Only to find that most Christians didn't want to go back. Only to find that most of them were happy right where they at. They they had gotten so comfortable in Babylon that they didn't want Bible holiness. That's right, Pre. They they didn't desire true Bible sanctification. They just wanted a form of godliness. What's wrong with with the synagogues we've built here in Babylon? What's wrong with the denominations we've built right here? What are you What are you saying's wrong with our church? Nothing. Listen, this ain't to knock other people's beliefs. This ain't to knock on Baptist. I say all the time, I thank God for Baptist. I wish we had more of them. World be a better place. This ain't to knock on the truth that people have. What's wrong with my church? Nothing. I'm just saying there's an opportunity to go back to the original. I'm just saying there's an opportunity to go back to how God started. He said, "This is how I want my church. Now, will you please come back? Come be a part of the original. Come rebuild the temple. Come be a part of it." And some of us said, "Yes, Lord, I'll go." But others said, "My church is good. Why do I want to go through all the struggle? Why do I want to go through the battle? Why? It's going to be a hard journey. I'm going to stay right here. But some of us, there was something in us calling us. Most didn't see the need. They had their religion and they they could keep their religion and hold on to the world, too. But the king decreed we could go back. We could rebuild the temple and have the same worship that our fathers had. we could rebuild the walls and have the same protection of the word that they had. And just like in Ezra, some came out. I love the books of Nehemiah and Ezra. You can find all this in those those two books. Just the story of of the return from exile and rebuilding the wall and rebuilding the temple. It's just awesome to see the hand of God in it. They say about 42,000 Jews eventually returned to Babylon over a period of years. Sounds like a lot, but in consideration of how many there were in Babylon, only 42,000 would leave and come back to Jerusalem, why didn't more come out? How could they see vindication night after night? How could they see the pillar of fire in operation? How could they see your name is Mrs. Jones and you live at 326 Psych Street. You're not from here. You're from a mountainous region. I see your doctor. He's a short man with glasses. How could they see that and go, "Oh, that's wonderful, but I'm going to stay right where I'm at." That's powerful, but I'm going to stay right where I'm at. How could they declare Bible days are here again? Listen, you go back and look at all the magazines and all the books and all the things written about the messenger, William Brham, in that day. We have to understand something. Maybe you don't get it, young people. Maybe you see all those books and magazines and all those things from back then. There was no such thing as message churches. Message churches did not exist. He wasn't preaching in message churches. He was preaching in denominational churches who most of all did not agree with what he was preaching. And yet they said Bible days are here again. They said this is a man sent from God. They said a prophet visit South Africa. They said it about him. God let them testify that this was the truth. This was the restored word. This was God working through a man. It wasn't message people saying it. They said [Applause] it. They declared it. And then they decided to stay where they were. Why? Why are you here? Think about it. This isn't to lift us up. We We had nothing to do with it. Why are you here when others stay? Why are you here when your family just can't see? It's so obvious to you. It's right here. It's It's black. It's written and they can't see it. I mean, there's times you just take a whatever doctrine you want that's just so clear to you and you think, "Man, serpent, see, that's so easy to see. That's so easy." And you and you show somebody and they're like, "You're crazy." Amen. Like, what do you mean I'm crazy? It says it right there. I'll put immity between I see there. I mean, it it says it like, can you read? Thank you. That's how I feel about it. It's easy, but they can't see it. Why are you here? And they're not. Once again, I'm not knocking on them. Many of them are worshiping all they know. God bless them. Many of them's going to be there. Don't ever get the idea us foreign no more. Don't ever don't ever get that idea. There's more grace in this message than what people want to recognize. There's a lot of your family and a lot of people maybe they just can't see it, but they're serving God to the best of their ability. I'd like you to know they're going to be there. You believe on the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, you shall be saved. Let's don't over complicate it. had a brother ask me recently. He said, you know, is is there salvation outside of the bride or what? That's not exactly how he worded it. And he and and I said, well, sure. There's a lot that come up at the great white throne judgment. It says they're granted life. And he said, "Well, why don't we preach that more to our people?" I said, "Well, let me put like this. I'm fully aware. I'm fully aware that not every single person is going to reach the level at which we preach it. I'm just being real for a minute. I hope we can all understand that. I said, "But if I preach them right here and I aim for this with all I got and I and they fall short, they fall short into eternal life." Thank you, Lord. But if I preach it down here getting by the skin of your teeth and you fall short, then you're lost. So I say preach heaven high and preach hell hot and let's strive with all of our heart to give Jesus everything we can and just pray for the grace of God to be merciful in our life. And listen, if I were to fall short, Jesus said there's grace cuz if you stood for me and you believe on my name, there is salvation for you. It's a merciful God. This message came crying, "Grace, grace, do not turn disgrace into judgment and put people into damnation." That's not what this message is about. It's saying, "Come and drink of the water of life freely, and whosoever will, if you're thirsty, come and drink. Come and drink." I'm going to go ahead and tell you people who are overly judgmental are people that have never experienced the grace and mercy of God. They've never experienced it for themselves, so they don't know how to give it. Ezra 1 and5. Here's why you're here. Here's why you're here. says, ' Then rose up the chief of the fathers of Judah and Benjamin and the priest and the Levites. Here's your sentence. With all of them whose spirit God had raised everyone that went back went back because God's spirit had moved on. God's spirit had it wasn't just a guy wake up going, you know what? I feel like going and and and I'm a mason, so I'll go help build this wall. Amen. No, God moved. You're here because God moved. You're here because God pricricked your heart. You're here because God called you. It says to go up and build the house of the Lord which is in Jerusalem. It's no accident you're here this morning. Well, I'm here because I was born in this family and my family makes me come to church. True story. Been there. But that part's not an accident. You were born in that family for a purpose. So your parents can make you come to church. So you can sit here and have opportunity after opportunity after opportunity after opportunity after opportunity after opportunity. It's not an accident. If it was up to me, I'd be at home asleep. I know. That's why God didn't leave it up to you. God said, "I'm going to make sure that I get my own. I'm going to put this one with this one and that one with that one and protect this seed through this war. And then this one's going to make it here. He's almost going to die, but I'm not going to let him die because you got to be here. And I want you here to hear a word of mercy and a word of grace and a God calling you back. Home to the homeland. Babylon's not for you. The comforts of Babylon are not for you. The destruction of Babylon is not for you. But eternity is for you. Glory is for you. The original is for you today. [Applause] Hallelujah. Spirit of God has moved upon your heart to return. And not just to return, but to rebuild. You've been called to go home. There was something burning in the hearts of those 42,000. We've got to go back. We got to get back. We got We got to get back to the faith of the fathers. There's a work we got to do. I I can't be stopped. I won't be stopped. Think about it. People have told you you're crazy. Family's told you you're crazy. Everybody's told you you're crazy. You may be crazy, but that don't have nothing to do with this. There's a seed gene of God on the inside. And don't matter what this one says or that one says, it's drawing me. I can't stop. It's like I've been stuck in some kind of beam and it's pulling me home. I don't care how crazy I look. I don't care how crazy I sound. What I know is I'm leaving Babylon behind and I'm going back to the homeland of my fathers. Hallelujah. There's healing in that land. There's deliverance in that land. There's victory in that land. There's Holy Ghost in that land. There's tongues in that land. There's prophecy in that land. And I'm going back. Hallelujah. I will restore, sayeth the Lord. Typically, yeah, it's a long way. I will restore, sayeth the Lord. And the king begins to give back. Now, if y'all bear with me, we're going to read some scriptures. The king begins to give back all that was stolen through the years of Babylonian captivity. Ezra 1 and7 also Cyrus the king brought forth the vessels of the house of the Lord which Nebuchadnezzar had brought out of Jerusalem and had put them in the house of his gods. In other words, these are things God gave his church and he said, "They don't belong out there. I don't care if they've made a mockery of dancing. It don't belong out there. I don't care if they've made a mockery of music and and they don't belong out there. That was for my people. And he would put it in the house of his gods and they were stolen from the original place of worship. Even those did Cyrus, king of Persia, bring forth by the hand of Mithrath the treasurer, and number them unto Bazar, the prince of Judah. And this is the number of them. 30 charges of gold, 1,000 charges of silvers are 20 knives. 30 basins of gold, silver basins of a second sort, 410, and other vessels a thousand. And the vessels of gold and silver were 5, and 400. All these chesar bring up with them of the captivity that were brought up from Babylon back to Jerusalem. The king says, "These things, they belong in the house of God." It don't matter where they've been, how they've been misused. It don't matter. They belong in the house of God. These things were part of the original worship that is being restored. And I want them put back where they were taken from. Amen. This was taken from the church by Babylon. And and if you look down through the ages, see, there was doctrines robbed from the church. True baptism had been robbed. Godhead had been robbed. Serpent seed had been robbed. Eternal security, put them back where they belong. The supernatural was robbed. Put it back. Freedom of worship was robbed. Put it back. Oh, and the cankerworm took this and the palmer worm took this. Here are the gifts of the spirit. Put them back in the place of worship because it all belongs to my people. It doesn't belong out there. It's not some cast off has been thing. The king says, "Put it back in the house of God where it belongs." The king decrees, "Take these things back and put them back in the worship because in order to worship like they did at the original, you're going to need these. You're going to need these. Look, I I I don't know. I I It's easy for me to go down this road sometimes, but here we are. It's a nice road. I don't understand how we talk about going back to the original, going back to the original, going back to the original. And so, I just go to the book of Acts and read it. Don't just trust me. I I hope you do, but don't just trust me. Go read the book of Acts for yourself. If we're restored back to the fullness of the word and we're restored back to the way they worship, go see how they worship. [Music] Told you I was going to sing today. That That was it. That was it. That's not how they worship. It said they spilled out of that upper room. I tell you what, one of my favorite quotes, and I think we're allowed to have favorite quotes. One of my favorite quotes, it says they acted idiotic. So the next time somebody says, "Look at them bunch of idiots up there at Full Gospel Lighthouse." Glory. Yes, sir. That means I match those in the book of Acts. Brother Brandham said they acted idiotic. I ain't afraid of it. I ain't scared of it. I'm going back to that idiotic form of worship. I want it all. Pour it out. Lord, I ain't afraid. Cuz what man calls foolish, what man calls idiotic, God says that's how I like it right there. overflowing, full of joy. Put it back in the house of God. Take it back. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. It's not that we're trying to be difficult. We're trying to be original. I'm trying to match the pattern. It's what God said do. Even though there was opposition on every hand, the work began to rebuild. They were a small group, but the king provides every step of the way. Verse 7, Ezra 3 and 7 says, "They gave money also unto the masons and to the carpenters and meat and drink and oil unto them of Zidon and to them of Ty to bring cedar trees from Lebanon to the sea of Japa according." Now, why are all these people doing this for him? According to the grant that they had of Cyrus, king of Persia. In other words, the king said, "Give them what they need. Whatever they have need of, listen, it's not going to be easy going back, church. It's not going to be easy going all the way and crossing over." But the king says, "I got you. I'm going to provide for you every step of the way. I've dispatched angel armies and they're dropping you handfuls on purpose." On that day when you can't take another step. On that day when you're attacked on all sides, he says, "Make sure you got them. Make sure you're taking care of them. Make sure you're strengthening them today. That sister needs a little joy today. That sister right there needs lifting up. That brother needs a new job. That brother's car is messed up. Make sure it gets taken care of. Make sure that they get taken care of on their journey. He cares about us, church. He's not going to let this mission fail. It's his mission. The king said go back. It's his decree. When he sends you on a mission, he provides for you. So quit worrying about am I going to have enough or am I going to make it. This is the king's work. This is the king's edict. Everything you need is going to be supplied right on time. All according to the grant given by the king. He ain't going to run out. He was the cattle on a thousand hills. Oh, that's not enough. Well, let me create some more hills. Let me put some more cattle there. Oh, that ain't enough. Here's some more cows. Where'd those come from? I made them for you. I made a way through the Red Sea. I poured out mana in the wilderness. I was the brass serpent lifted up on the pole. Whatever you come up on, I got the answer for you. Even though others weren't going back, and even though the majority of people were staying in Babylon, there was a drive in these. We must rebuild Jerusalem. We must rebuild the city. We must rebuild the temple. We must rebuild the wall. There must be a restoration. And with edicts from the king, with everything they needed provided by the king, they returned and they began to rebuild. And and as they return to the original worship, and y'all seen this and as they return to the original faith, opposition begins to rise. Adversaries begin to rise. But what they knew was is that if they were going to return to the original worship and the original faith, it could not be mixed with other worship. It couldn't be mixed with the theology of man. It couldn't be polluted with Babylon. It had to be free from denomination. So if you'll look with me at Ezra 4 and1, this worship has to be pure, the unadulterated word. And it says, "Now when the adversaries, key word in this, of Judah and Benjamin heard that the children of the captivity builded the temple under the Lord God of Israel. Then they came to Zerubabel and to the chief of the fathers, and said unto them, "Let us build with you. We want to help. Right. We want to be a part of this. Let us build with you. For we seek your God as as you do, and we do sacrifice unto him since the days of Esther Hadon, king of Assasser, which brought us up hither. This seems reasonable. But you got to go back to that very first verse. This was an adversary. Not a used to be adversary. This was an adversary. Think about Sure, Brother Brandon. will support you, but just hey, back off the women a little bit. Brother Brown, we'll support your meeting, but quit with all this serpent seed stuff. We'll offer a helping hand, but it would have to be mixed, have to be mixed. Just hey, don't don't say this so much. Now, restoration, rebuilding has to be pure, has to be unadulterated. The word adversary here means to oppress someone hard. So prior to the returning of the Jews from exile, this is the group of people that had been dominant in this area. They were the rulers of the people and and they resent losing power over the region and they don't want to lose their people. So they begin to say, "Don't go down there to that man. Don't go down there to that church. Don't worship like they worship. That's wrong. That's out of order. That's a You don't got to believe all that. You can stay right here in this church and everything will be fine." They don't want to lose power. So they begin to turn on it. Verse three says, ' But Zerubabel and Joshua, the rest of the chief of the fathers of Israel, said unto them, you have nothing to do with us to build a house to our God. But we ourselves together will build unto the Lord God of Israel, as the king Cyrus, the king of Persia, hath commanded us. Remember in all this, remember, why are we doing what we're doing? King told us to, king commissioned us to. If the Jewers, if the Jewish leaders had accepted their help, then the worship of Yahweh will be corrupted with the mixture of pagan practices and this return cannot be mixed. And when they find no compromise and they find that they're going to stay true to the king's edict, no matter what they do, they began trying to hinder the work. Verse four. Then the people of the land weakened the hands of the people of Judah and troubled them in building and hired counselors against them to frustrate their purpose. All the days of Cyrus, king of Persia, even until the reign of Darius, king of Persia, and in the reign of Ahazarus, in the beginning of his reign, wrote they unto him an accusation against the inhabitants of Judah and Jerusalem. One thing you're going to be sure of is you're going to face opposition and you're going to face accusations as you begin to restore the original all kinds of things. The enemy doesn't want to see you back in the homeland. They don't He doesn't want to deal with the power of God in the church again. He doesn't want to deal with a book of Acts church. He likes dealing with churches living below their privileges. So he tries to hinder you from getting back where you belong and and he don't want the people returned to where they need to be in order to receive the promise. And so he begins to raise opposition to the restoration and he tries to stop the work because he knows how to read. And he recognizes if I ever let these people recognize who they are, if I ever let them return to the book of Acts, if they ever get the true revelation of the true church and who she is, they will be an invincible army. I'd like to tell him this morning, too late. Too late. Too late. We recognize who we are. We've been turned back to the original. I know where I stand. I know the promises are true. We are that invincible army this morning. Hallelujah. He knows where you'll be blessed. It's in the homeland. He knows where you'll receive your promises. It's in the homeland. He knows where Israel had to be to receive a Messiah in the homeland. So he begins trying to stop it. He needs to get them stuck in Babylon. He needs them bound by tradition. He can't let Jerusalem be rebuilt. He can't have people turn back to the original faith. So, he fights and he discourages and he brings false accusations. You find the exact same thing over in Nehemiah when things are being brought back to what they once were. Those that don't want it returned will mock it. Those that don't want you to return will mock it. But Nehemiah is not worried about their threats. He's not worried about their accusations because he has an edict from the king. Rebuild, rebuild, rebuild. The wall must be rem rebuilt. And he actually carries letters from the king at all times to prove his authority to carry out the job. It don't matter what the critics say. It doesn't matter what those who chose not to return say. We're doing what we're doing because we have an edict from the king. He says, "I want my church the way she was. I want my church the way I started it. I want my church restored. I want prophecy in the church. I want visions in the church. I want gifts in the church. I want the fullness of the word in the church. I want the Holy Ghost in the church. I want altars in the church. I want lives changed in the church. I want deliverance in the church." And we just say, "Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord. Yes, Lord." And others are going, "Why you doing it? Why you doing it? Why you doing it?" Cuz God said, "Do it. I want to turn around. Why aren't you doing it? Why aren't you doing it? Why aren't you doing it? The king's edict said, "Rebuild it the way I started it." Why do you preach what you preach with such passion? The king told me to. He said, "Do it this way." That's right. We've got a message from the king to prove it. Prophet God says, "I will be found of you, sayaith the Lord, and I will turn away your captivity. I will gather you from all nations and from all the places where I've drove you, sayeth the Lord. I will bring you again under the place which I cause you to be carried away from captive." This is in desperation 63. After he says that, I'm going to read that sentence again. I will bring you again under the place which I caused you to be carried away captive back to Pentecost. He says they were very religious and so was the Pharisees. But Jesus said, "Except the man be born again, he will in no wise enter into the kingdom, you've got to go back to where we left him. Go back and find him for these creeds was not so in the beginning. The denominational churches was not so in the beginning. just drop everything and rush back to Pentecost and find the true and living God who heals the sick who cleanses the lepers, who cast out devils, who claims that he is the same yesterday, today, and forever. The king has decreed that we can have exactly what they had there in the upper room. The king has issued an edict. He said, "Rebuild the wall. Rebuild the temple. Get Jerusalem ready." And Ezra having turned down the help of the hybridized religion now he faces their attacks as they try to hinder and Cyrus is no longer on the throne and there's a new king ruling and they begin to write letters to this king and we're going to turn this towards home. We're running out of time. We're going to read almost a full chapter but I want you to watch the attack and how the attack turns against them. It's beautiful. Ezra 4:12. This is the letter from the people trying to stop the rebuilding. Be it known unto the king that the Jews which came up from thee to us are come unto Jerusalem, building the rebellious and the bad city, and have set up the walls thereof, and join the foundation. I read that and say, praise the Lord, they're making progress. Be it known now unto the king, that if this city be builded, and the walls set up again, then they will not pay toll, tribute, and custom, and so thou shalt end damage the revenue of the kings. Verse 15, they say, "Let there be a search, let a search may be made in the book of the records of thy fathers. So shalt thou find in the book of the records, and know that this is a rebellious city, and hurtful unto kings and provinces, and that they have moved sedition within the same of old time. For which cause was this city destroyed? They tell the king, "If you let this go on, they're going to be troubled. They are rebellious. Look in the records and see if they weren't once rebellious. Look in the records, Lord. Look in the records and see if these people weren't once sinners. Look in the records and see if these people wasn't rebellious. Look in the records and see if they wasn't stubborn and stiff necked and if they didn't fail time after time after time. Look in the records. Look at their past and now they're claiming to be free. They're claiming to be filled with the Holy Ghost. Lord, why won't you go back and look in the records? Search it out. Who are they to rebuild anything? Who are they to do anything from the Lord? This is the same church that fell away. And actually, for a time, these letters caused the work to cease. All the things they said were true. They were facts. And I like to look at it like this. There's a lot of facts I could say about you that wouldn't make you look real good. There's a lot of facts you could say about me. Fact is, I was lost. Fact is, I was a sinner. Fact is, I had fallen away from God. Fact is, I wasn't worth anything. I was a repbate. I was no good. I was going to hell. Those were all facts. And I can't argue with the facts. But the facts don't change the truth. Truth is, I was a son of God. Truth is, he died to save my soul. Truth is, I'm going to go to a body change. Truth is, I'm taking a rapture. Truth is that it don't matter this is the church that fell. It don't matter that you were a sinner. There's been an edict from the king. The truth is, he says, "You're going to make it. You're going back. You're a child of God. You can have the Holy Ghost." Devil says, "What about the facts? What about the facts? What about the facts?" And God says, "It's about the truth." And the truth is, I gave my life to do away with your facts. Hallelujah. [Applause] King said restore and you can have whatever you need to finish the job. Ezra 5 and1. Then the prophets Hagi the prophet and Zechariah the son of Edido prophesied unto the Jews that were in Judah and Jerusalem in the name of God of Israel even unto them. Then rose up Zerubel the son of Chhatiel and Joshua the son of Josec and began to build the house of God which is at Jerusalem. And with them were the prophets of God helping them. In response to everything the enemy had did to keep us bound. God said, "Let me send him a prophet. Let me send a prophet." Because it says the prophets were there helping them, looking to the message. They just keep on building. We didn't return here for nothing. We hadn't come back to this place for nothing, church. We didn't come back here to worship how they worshiped in Babylon. We didn't come back here so we could do things like they did it in the denominations. It doesn't matter what anybody else says. I didn't leave there to act like there. I didn't come out of that to worship like that. I didn't come out of that to live like that. I came out to be like the ones at the original. I came out to be free. I came out to rise above the critics. I came out to soar like an eagle. I came back to rebuild and restore the original worship. Hallelujah. Verse three. And at the same time came to them Tatana the governor on this side of the river and Sha Barzai and their companions and said unto them, "Who hath commanded you to build this house and to make up this wall?" And once again, they write a letter to the king. And I may skip some of this. Just bear with me. But be it known unto the king, that we went into the province of Judea, to the house of the great God, which is builded with great stones and timber laid in the walls, and this work goeth fast on and prosperth in their hands. And we asked him and said unto them, who commanded you to build this house, and to make these walls? We asked their names to certify thee, that we may write their names of the men that were the chief of them. And thus they returned their answer to us, saying, "We are the servants of the God of heaven and earth, and build the house that was builded these many years ago, which a great king of Israel built and set up." But after that our fathers had provoked the God of heaven under wrath, and he gave them into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar, king of Babylon, who destroyed this house and carried the people away into Babylon. But in the first year of Cyrus, the king of Babylon, the same king Cyrus, made a decree to build this house of God. And he goes through everything that Cyrus had told him to do and how they could have everything restored and how they could take the vessels and take them to the temple. And then verse 16, then came the same bizarre and laid the foundation of the house of God which is in Jerusalem. And since that time even until now hath it been building and yet it is not finished. Now therefore, now this is the people that are accusing you. Here we are. This is them. Now therefore, if it seemed good to the king, let there be a search made in the king's treasure house, which is there at Babylon, whether it be so that a decree was made of Cyrus the king, to build this house of God at Jerusalem, and let the king send his pleasure to us concerning this matter. They're thinking, "Oh, we got them now. Search the records, king. They're claiming this. They're claiming they have a right to the Holy Ghost. They're claiming they have a right to their children. They're claiming they have a right to worship freely. Search the records, king, and let us know what you think. Ezra 6 verse one. Maybe my favorite chapter. Amen. Then Darius the king made a decree and search was made in the house of the roles where the treasures were laid up in Babylon. And there was found at Akmatha in the palace that is in the province of the Mes a role and therein was a record thus written. In the first year of Cyrus the king, the same Cyrus the king made a decree concerning the house of God at Jerusalem. Let the house be builded, the place where they offer sacrifices, and let the foundations thereof be strongly laid, the height thereof three score cubits, and the breadth thereof three score cubits, with three rows of great stones, and a row of new timber. and let the expenses be given out of the king's house, and also let the gold and the silver vessels of God, which Nebuchadnezzar took forth out of the temple, which is at Jerusalem, and brought unto Babylon, be restored, and brought again unto the temple, which is at Jerusalem, everyone to his place, and placed them in the house of God. Now therefore, Tatana, governor beyond the river, he's speaking to the guy that wrote the letter now. Thou therefore governor beyond the river, Sheth Bersini, and companions of the arpe arpeacites which are beyond the river, be ye far from thin. Let the work of this house of God alone. Let the governor of the Jews and the elders of the Jews build this house for God in this place. Moreover, I make a decree that you shall do to the elders of these Jews for the building of the house of God, that of the king's goods, even of the tribute beyond the river, forth with expenses be given unto the men, that they be not hindered, and that which they have need of, both young bullocks, and rams, and lambs for burnt offerings, and of the God of heaven, wheat, salt, wine, and oil, according to the appointment of the priests which are at Jerusalem. Let it be given to them day by day without fail that they may offer sacrifices of sweet savor unto the God of heaven and pray for the life of the king and of his sons. I have made a decree that whosoever shall alter this word, let timber be pulled down from his house be set up, let him be hanged thereon, and let his house be made a dung hill for this. And the God that hath caused his name to dwell there destroy all kings and people that shall put their hand to alter and to destroy this house of God which is at Jerusalem. I Darius have made a decree. Let it be done with speed. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. You want to stop this restoration. You want to stop this worship. You want to stop the restoration of the bride, then let's take it up with the king and see if there was an edict or a scripture about this. Oh, stay with me just a second. Oh, you shouldn't be dancing in church who gave you a right to do that. I say, "Let there be a church made." Psalms 49 and1. Praise the Lord. Sing unto the Lord a new song and his praises in the congregation of saints. Let Israel rejoice in him that made Let the children of Zion be joyful in their king. Let them praise his name in the dance. Let them sing praises unto him with a temple in a heart. Oh, the king said it. Hallelujah. Psalms 150 and1. Praise ye the Lord. Praise God in his sanctuary. Praise him in the firmament of his power. Praise him for his mighty acts. Praise him according to his excellent greatness. Praise him with the sound of the trumpet. Praise him with the sultry in heart. Praise him with the temporal and the Oh, the Bible didn't say you can if you want to. That tells you to praise him in the dance. I don't care what they say. Oh, well, we aren't Pentecostals. No need for all this tongues and dreams and gifts. I say, "Let there be a search made." Joel 2:28, "And it shall come to pass afterward that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh, and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, and your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see." The king decreed you can have it. Mark 16:17, "And these signs shall follow them that believe. In my name shall they cast out devils and they shall speak with You mean we're not just a bunch of emotional Pentecostals? The king said, "Go back and I want you to praise me in the dance. I want there to be visions. I want there to be dreams. I want there to be tongues. I want it rebuilt exactly how it was at the beginning." What about shouting? Oh, that's out of order. Well, Psalms 32:11 says, "Be glad in the Lord. Rejoice, ye righteous, and shout for joy, all ye that are upright in heart." I say, "Glory, glory, hallelujah. Blessed be the name of the Lord." Hallelujah. Psalms 35:27, "Let them shout for joy and be glad that favor my righteous cause. Yay. Let them say continually, "Let the Lord be magnified, which hath pleasure in the prosperity of his servants." What about the Holy Ghost? Search it. Acts 2:38. And the promises unto you and to your children, to as many as the Lord God shall call, even them that are far off. That was me. I grabbed hold of that part and said, "Thank you, Jesus." The king said, "I can have it." It's time we quit arguing and just search the records. Just look at what he gave you. You're not going to rapture. According to the king's edict, I'm going to make it. I'm going to rapture. Not just me, but my family with me. Hallelujah. It's time we get our harp off the willow tree. I'mma skip some things. All of it. But I got to get to this. So, I'mma wing it. And I need to breathe for a minute. Y'all just stay up. If you sit back down, we'll be here a while cuz I'll go open my iPad back up. Stay with me. Why the drive? Why do they have to go back? because there was a promised Messiah that was going to come to Jerusalem and they couldn't receive him or they would miss him in Babylon. The temple had to be rebuilt because it was prophesied that he would be in the temple. It had to be rebuilt. That's why they were driven to the fulfillment. And and so they're drawn back. There's scripture after scripture that says he's coming there. So there had to exist. And so they go back and they build and they build. And I'm sorry we don't have time to go through it all, but when they get done with it, brother Andrew, they wept because it wasn't good enough. And they begin to compare it to Solomon's temple. And they said, "It don't have the gold and silver. It don't have the urine in my thumb and it don't have the ark of the covenant. It don't have the pillar of fire. It's not good enough. Then the word of the Lord comes to him and go, "Don't worry about the silver and the gold. That was all mine anyway. I own it all." He says, "What's going to make the crowning of this temple is that the Messiah is going to walk into it. The Messiah is going to walk through it. And it's going to be his presence daily in the temple that is the crowning jewel that makes it far exceed the beauty of the original. And now after ages and ages and ages, we've worked and we've worked and messages have gone out and messages have gone out behind this pull pit around the world. Messages and we've strove and we've dedicated. And sometimes we look at it and we go, "This is all we could do. This is all we've produced. this is it. And God says, "Don't worry about it." But but God, look at that apostolic age. Look how rugged they were. Look at the book of Acts. We We don't compare. We We don't measure up. I read that. He goes, "No, no, no. Your crowning joy is going to be that I'm going to come down and I'm going to receive you and it's going to be my presence in you that gives this glory greater than the formal glory." What is our crowning achievement? He's coming back for you. He's coming back to Jerusalem. You said it before I came out. What is it? Jerusalem had to be rebuilt. New Jerusalem. The bride's wife had to be the bride lamb's wife had to be rebuilt. You are the new Jerusalem. A city. Hallelujah. Had to be restored. Why? Why? He wasn't coming to Babylon. He was coming to New Jerusalem. We have returned to receive our bridegroom. Why am I here? Because he said, "This is where he's coming." And I got to be ready. The city's got to be built. The hearts have got to be returned. We've turned back. We've returned to receive the coming Messiah. May God bless you today. [Music] Hallelujah. Maybe you just want to lift your hands and say, "Thank you, Lord Jesus. Thank you, Lord Jesus, for turning our hearts back." you are. Maybe you just want to talk to the Lord right there where you are and just worship him out of your heart just now. Father, we love you so much. You have blessed us abundantly, Lord Jesus. We have heard the king's decree. You have blessed us and turned our hearts, Lord Jesus, to come back to the message. It has turned us to see that it's not just a building. It's not just a church, but it's you that is there at the sanctuary, the very heart of it, Lord Jesus. And we want to make you king in our hearts, king in our worship, king in our home. We want you to reign supreme in this place, oh God. Make us to be exactly what you built us to be. No matter what anybody else says, no matter what anybody else decrees, we will come back to what the king has spoken himself. Father, we turn our hearts back to a heart of worship, back to babble days again, back to miracles, back to those things that we saw. Oh God, we give you praise and honor and glory for all that you have done. and make us not be afraid of the snare or the fowler. Oh God, for we give you praise in this place in the name of Jesus Christ. Won't you just lift your voice to him and thank him for breaking your traditions. Won't you lift your voice and thank him for breaking your pride? Would you lift your voice and say, "Thank you, Lord Jesus, for breaking my wicked ways of Lelaya that wanted me to get comfortable where I was, but I want to run with everything within me. And I want to return to a full promise." And I say if you haven't received the full promise of the Holy Ghost, I say it's here for you right now in this place. I say if you haven't received your liberty to worship, I'd say it's in this place. I'd say if you ain't had if you ain't had a renewing of the Holy Ghost, I say it's in this place. I say it's Bible days. Hallelujah. [Music] Gal. I'm going all the way. Oh, all the way. I'm going all the way. Oh, all the way. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with my Lord. I made my choice. Oh, I'm going all the way. I've made my choice. I'm going all the way. I've made my choice. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with my Lord. I made my decision. I'm going all the way. I made my decision. I'm going all the way. I made my decision. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with my Lord. No turn me back. I'm going all the way. No turn me back. I'm going all the way. No turn me back. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with my Lord. [Music] I I'm going all the way. Don't turn me back. I'm going all the way. I'm drawn the line. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with my Lord. Well, my mind where my mind is made of. I'm going all the way. Yes. So turning back. I'm going all the way. My mind is made up. I'm going all the way. I'm going all the way with the [Music] Lord. Oh, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. Oh, I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. All my change, my fears, all my past. [Music] Oh, it's over. All my [Laughter] sh All my [Music] guil. All my [Music] sins. They've been forgi. No more chains. No more chains. [Music] bro on my past. God says it's over right now. And right now is the moment. Today I've been changed. I've been changed. I've been changed and I waited and I waited for this moment to come and I won't let it pass. Oh my. So I say so I say I won't go back. I can't go back to the way it used to be before your presence came and changed me. Somebody say I want I came to the way it used to be. [Music] Say, "He changed me." Well, I've been changed. Oh, I'm here. Somebody declare, "I am free. Hallelujah. Oh, delivered. I found joy." Well, I found joy. Oh, [Applause] praise. Oh, his [Applause] grace and his favor. I've been changed. Well, I've been changed in the presence of the Lord. Right now, I say I'm here. Oh, I'm free. [Music] [Applause] delivered in your presence, Lord. I found joy. Thank God for this. I his peace. Oh, his grace. Somebody say his favor. And right now, right now, right now, it's the moment. Not tomorrow, but today. Come on. You're going to realize it. I've been changed. Say it with all your heart. I've been changed. You waited for this moment. And I waited for this moment to come. And I won't let it pass. [Music] So I [Music] say, come on, sing it to me. I can't go [Music] back. And change me. I want [Music] [Applause] [Music] before your presence came and changed me. I wonder if you could have a little testimony service right there. Little testimony service right there where you are. Come on. You going to catch what I'm talking about. If you're going to testify, you got to tell somebody about it. Go ahead and have a testimony service. Go ahead, tell somebody. I have returned to receive my inheritance. It wasn't just for William Brandon. It wasn't just for the preachers, but I made my return. Now, what I'm trying to tell you to do is turn to somebody said, "I made my return. I'm changed. I'm healed." Go ahead and have a testimony service right there. You can celebrate with a guy right beside you and a sister right beside you. Say, "Hey, you know what? I'm happy. I'm happy. I went through some seasons when I was in a bad spot, but now I'm happy. [Music] Come on, Sister Christina. I went through some seasons of doubt, but now I got faith. I went through some seasons of sickness, but now I got healing. I went through some seasons when I barely could make it, but I'm in a season of prosperity. Go ahead and testify. Testify to the atmosphere. Testify to God. Testify to the neighbor. Can I get a witness in this place? That God still heals? That God still deliverance that cancer ain't big [Applause] enough? Cancer ain't Can anybody witness to that? Can anybody witness that fear ain't strong enough? Depression ain't big [Music] enough. Come on, somebody. Darkness ain't strong enough. Fear ain't great enough. complexes don't have enough. I have returned to my true self, a son of God, a daughter of God. I was born to worship. I was born to praise. The king's in this place and the king says, "It's all yours. It's all yours. I want you to run to the king for a moment. I want you to run to the king and say, "Thank you." And thank you. Thank you. I'm not going to be ashamed of my worship. I'm not going to be ashamed to play. I'm not going to be ashamed to dance. I'm not going to be ashamed to speak in tongues. I'm not going to be ashamed to clarify and to bless the name of Jesus. What I got to be ashamed about [Music] What I got to be ashamed of how the king told me the king sword is here. The king has made it for [Applause] me. You got every reason to shout. The king said you could. You got every reason to thank God for healing before it comes. The king said it could happen. [Applause] [Music] The king gave it to me. Who's going to take anything away from this king? I want to know who's got a strong enough hand to take my liberty away from the King of Kings. Who's got a strong enough hand to take my power? Name that devil. Name that devil. Name that intellectual giant that tries to tell you that you can't have it. Ask him if he's strong enough to take it away from King Jesus. And I'll tell you the answer. He's not strong enough. He's got healing in his hands. He's got power and deliverance and freedom. And I rejoice that everything I have need of is in the kingdom. Go ahead. This is a meeting. This is the meeting. Go ahead, enjoy your worship just for a [Applause] [Music] moment. Let everything the half breath. Now check your neighbor's pulse. If they ain't worshiping God, let's call Tiger's Junior home. Let's bring them up here. If they ain't praising [Music] God, then they're dead. And if you're dead, you got every right not to praise God. But the grave can't praise him. But the living can praise [Applause] him. I wonder if anybody got anything in here they want to worship God for. Maybe in your future, maybe you can worship God from your past, but what about right now? Can you find something in almighty God that's worth worshiping for? You say, "He ain't never done nothing for me." You still got to praise him. You still got to praise. If you never seen him at all, you still got to praise him. You are without excuse. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Glory. Glory. Let me have key G. I don't know if I mean G. Forgive me, G. Man, you got to preaching today, brother Aaron. My goodness. That's the greatest road map of why we're here that I've witnessed. That was wonderful. Wonderful, buddy. Wow. Back to the original. So, if you don't like the original, you're probably not going to like me. [Music] If you don't like Peter, you're probably not going to like me. If you don't like David, you're probably not going to like me. If you don't like Paul, you're probably not going to like me because I'm going to be what Paul was. I'm going to be what Peter was. I'm going to be what Isaiah was. I'm going to be what David was. I want to be so close to the pattern that you'll look at me and say, "I see Paul. I I see Peter. I see James. I see John. I see Jesus. I want to be that close that people mistake me for Jesus. Go ahead and play me just a little bit of that. I'm going on with Jesus just the same. Oh yeah. Go ahead. Go ahead. You might as well. We come to church to have church. Well, I'm going on my Jesus just the same. Well, I'm going on my Jesus just to say, you can't force accuse me. You can't stand my name. Oh, I'm going on my Jesus justice. One more time. I'm going Well, I'm going on my Jesus just the [Music] same. Well, I'm going on my Jesus just the same. You can't excuse me. You can't stand my name. But I'm going over my Jesus. Go ahead. Just worship the Lord [Music] for I'm going try to behave. [Music] I'm going [Music] on. Well, the narrow ways a straight way. It don't have a crooks or bins. But I got to go home with my Jesus. I know he's my best friend. When my enemies all around me and tears fill my eyes when I bow down on my feet, I rise up with a smile. Well, I'm going over my Jesus just to save. Well, I'm going on my Jesus just to say. You can't accuse me. You can't stand my name. Lord, I'm [Music] a Well, some people may laugh and talk about me when I shout, but there's one thing for sure. Well, I know I'm shout out. Well, I live my sins at Calvary. I'm covered by the blood. I'm filled with the Holy Ghost pray in his blood. Well, I'm going on my Jesus just to say. Well, I'm calling on my Jesus just to save. You can't fall stand my name for I one more time. Well, some people may laugh. They talk about me when I shout. Oh, there's one thing for sure. Well, I know what I'm shouting out. Well, I live my sins in Calvary and I'm covered by the blood. I am filled with the Holy Ghost pray on in his heart. Well, [Music] I [Music] Hallelujah. You can't say enough. [Music] [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. [Music] Well, there are some places that I may never go and there are some things that I may not know. But there is one thing of his faith I am sure that I reach to the Lord. He's living in my soul. Well, I'm going just to say. Well, I'm going on with my Jesus just to say you can't. You can't. But [Music] I Well, some people may laugh and talk about me when I shout. Oh, there's one thing for sure. Well, I know I'm sh Well, I left my sary and I'm covered by the blood. I am filled with the Holy Ghost. Great. Yes, I'm going over my Jesus. Yes, I'm cold. What you say? You can't use me. Scandalize my name. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] I blast my name. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Applause] This ain't a form. This ain't a style. This is the baptism of the Holy Ghost. This ain't Pentecostalism of Isuza. It's a return back to the father's heart. That's what we desire. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Somebody just want to lift their voice, worship it or not. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Lord Jesus. We worship you at night. For thou are worthy to be praised. Your name is high and lifted up. You have given us more than we could ever imagine. Your coffers are full. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Fill us with more of your spirit. Less of ourselves, Lord Jesus. Less of ideas and more of you. May we see the miraculous amongst our midst. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. The splender of the king. Let all the earth rejoice. All the earth rejoice. He rise. Aren't you worshiping like it's just you and him in this room? You by yourself with King Jesus. Worship like it's just you and him. [Music] How great, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all. How great is our God. The land sea he stands. Oh, and open heaven revealing the son of [Music] man. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Oh Jesus. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Hallelujah. Hallelujah. [Music] Hallelujah. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] Yes, he's the name above our name and he is worthy of my praise. Oh my heart will sing. How great is our God. Yes, he's the name above all names. He is worthy of my praise. my heart to sing. Is this our God one more time? Hallelujah. Yes, he's the name above all names. He is worthy of my praise. Oh my heart. [Music] [Music] I can remember a prophet talking about a lady dealing with a certain situation and while she lifted up her hand, the pillar of fire went high and healed her body. You may not understand why you raised your hand just then. But let me tell you, the reason why you're raising your hand is not because some man told you to do it. It's not because you watched it on some TV screen or you watch it's something on the inside of you that has taken you higher. And when you lifted up your hand, the masterpiece by your way. I'd say while you were worshiping, something changed in the cells of your body. I'd say some of you were healed. I'd say some of you were filled. You notice the difference because you decided he's worthy. Some of you are tired of fighting the same situations that you've been fighting. So, you lifted up your hands, said, "I need a God like that." Some of you are tired of losing battles and you're ready to win, and you lifted up your hands. Some of you are ready for your family to be completely restored, so you lifted up your hands. You know why you lifted up your hands, and that's why he's come down to you, because he cares for your situation. He loves you. Just talk to him there just for a minute. Just give him thanksgiving from your heart. Just give him thanksgiving. [Music] [Music] Our God. Sing with me how brave. [Music] I see him as great. But how do you see him? How great is our God? Sing with me. How great is our God. And all will see how great, how great is our God. How [Music] great. Sing with me. How great. [Music] Too many times people bring a measuring tape to church and they measure out their the qualifications of how the service has got to be. in and there's a lot of people that have expectations and but just didn't get there in their expectation, but God got it exactly where I'd say it's time you put away your measuring tape. Let God do what he's going to do. There's some people that just they want to measure it out how it's got to be, the length of the sermon and all those things and how the miracle's got to come. The preacher's got to come and lay his hands on me. And I believe God can do that. But I got full faith in your power that the omnipotent power of almighty God lives on the inside of you. And all of a sudden, you can call for Lazarus to come forth. You can call for dry bones to come alive. You can call for healing right there. I got full confidence in brothers and sisters sitting right there across from you. Put away your measuring tape and let God have his way. in your life. My [Music] goodness. What a meeting. We going to remain because we return to receive it. Brother Aaron, God bless you abundantly, my friend. Hallelujah. [Music] God bless our brother Aaron. God bless you sister Lydia. I bless you the Ogalsby family. I know the sacrifice of a [Music] ministry. God bless [Music] you. My Lord Jesus is so good to us, isn't he? I don't know what else to say, but can we just give him thanks today? [Music] I'm thankful for men that are not a scared of the Holy Ghost. I'm thankful for men that want a restoration. I'm thankful for men that see the message as what it is. So, we say thank you. You have a great pastor, but your ministry is your ministry that God give you. No man give you that. That was the Holy Ghost that anointed you for the challenge of the hour because there would be men that would not raise up and preach the message in its fullness. But he knew that Aaron Og was be would be a man of God that would preach the message. That's the kind that God calls. And Full Gospel Lighthouse, we have been blessed, haven't we? You want to appreciate Brother Aaron just for a minute? Appreciate his ministry. God bless you, my [Music] friend. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Won't you turn to your neighbor, say, "It's good to be in the house of the Lord this weekend. We're going to spend eternity [Music] together. I'm counting on you. I'm counting on you. I'm going to do my part. Will you help me? Let's go all the way. Let's go all the way. I'm kind of like Moses. I'm not good with this halfway religion. I ain't going out unless I can take all my cattle and I take all my children. I take all my prodals. I can take my worship with me and I can take my praise and I can take my Godhead and I can take eternal eternal security and everything. I'm not going out just halfway to worship. I'm going all the way out. And I'm like Moses. I ain't leaving one hoof behind. I'm committed. But will you go with me all the way? Maybe just by show of hands, we're going to finish this. Thank you for the encouragement. I was going to go without you or not, but I'm glad you're on my side. Let's go all the way. Praises be to the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. We're going to let you be dismissed today to go and worship the Lord. Go out reverently. Remember, this is the house of God. Carry your fellowship on the outside and enjoy our Lord Jesus Christ. May God richly bless you. We love you with all of our heart. [Music] Oh, hey. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat.
