################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-05-31 - Perfect Faith With A Broken Heart - Bro. William Borlovan on May 31st, 2025 - William Borlovan.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:     2025-05-31
Title:    "Perfect Faith With A Broken Heart" - Bro. William Borlovan on May 31st, 2025
Speaker:  William Borlovan
Church:   Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:     Full Sermon
Duration: 2h 17m
Language: English
URL:      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IMz-slF7zT8
========================================

Description:
If these messages have blessed you, please consider supporting our ministry.
We are very thankful for the help God sends us through praying saints.
Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle is a Non-Profit Christian Ministry and is wholly funded by the tax-deductible donations of our supporters. Please visit our website if you like to support Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle. https://www.fullgospellighthousetabernacle.com/live-stream/
TRANSCRIPT
========================================
[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] [Applause] Heat. Heat. [Music] [Applause] [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Oh, how great thou are. [Music] Oh, how great thou. Oh Lord my God. Oh I in awome. [Music] Oh, come see your all the world thy hands have made me. Oh, I see the stars and the rolling thunder. Oh [Music] th all the universe display. [Music] Oh, sing my [Music] soul, my sior God to the he. Oh, how great thou are. [Music] Oh, how great thou are. Oh, please sing my soul. I say goodbye to thee. Oh, how great thou are. Oh, how great thou are. Amen. We serve a great God, don't we? Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord. Let's sing a song. Greater is he that is in me. Amen. Aren't you glad of that? Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Oh, greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Well, Satan's life a roaring lion roaming to seeking whom he may devour. The Bible tells us so many souls and bring his praise to falling on we God has promised us today is over. Oh greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that is in the world. On the day of pity calls rushing by me, blew into the upper room and baptized all the with the power greater than any earthly. Well, I'm so glad I've got him, too. I'm going to let this whole world know. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me. Greater is he that is in me than he that Let's sing that one more time. Oh, greater is he. Oh, do you believe that this [Music] evening? Great is he that is in me than he that is in the world. Amen. I want you to look over your neighbor. Say, "Greater is he that is in me than he that is in this old world." This world is not my home. I'm just a passing through. Oh, this world is not my home. Well, I'm just a passing through. My treasures are laid up somewhere beyond the blue. Oh, the angels beckon me from heaven's open door. And I can't feel that whole in this world anymore. said, "Oh Lord, you know that I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, oh Lord, what will I do?" The angels speck me from heaven's open door and I can't be let home in this world anymore. Well, they're all expecting me. And that's one thing I know. Well, I fixed it up with Jesus many years ago. Well, I know he'll see me through. Though I get weak and bold and I can't feel it at home in this world anymore. Oh Lord, you know that I have no friend like you found my home. Then Lord, what will I do? But the angels beckoning me from heaven. Open the anti king be home in this world anymore. We're just over in the glory land. We live eternally. The saints on every hand are shouting victory. The songs of sweetest praise drift back from heaven. And I came feel at home in this world anymore. I said, "Oh Lord, you know that I have no friend like you. If heaven's not my home, oh Lord, what will I do? with the angels beckoning me from the heavens open door. And I came feel at home in this world anymore. Give the Lord a hand clap of praise. Aren't you glad that he set you free? He set me free. He set me free. Amen. [Music] Once I convert in prison I will no freedom from my sorrow I fail. Oh then Jesus came and he listen to me and glory to God. He set me free. He set me free. He set me free. Oh, but he brought a prison for me and I'm glory man. Oh my Jesus to see and glory to God. He set me free. Oh now I hear his name. Oh dark gaze of night it have drifted away. Oh my feet are ling on higher ground and glory to God but I'm home man. He set me free. He set me free. But he broke the box of prison for me. And I'm prepared for my Jesus to sing. And glory to God. He set me free. Oh, good night to see things that confound. Oh, not of this world. He shall turn me a rap. Oh David, I'm worthy. I'm praying to you. And glory to God for the [Music] glory. He set me free. He set me free. Oh, he broke the bonds of prison for me. I'm glory man. Oh my Jesus to see. And glory to God. He set me free. Amen. He paid a debt I did not owe. Aren't you glad that he paid that debt for all of us? He paid a debt he did not owe. I owe a debt. I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. Oh, and now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Well, he paid a debt on Calvary. He cleans my soul and set me free. I'm glad that Jesus did all my sins. Oh, and now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. price Jesus paid a debt that I could never pay. Let's sing our first one again. Oh, he paid a debt. He did not. Oh, I owe him. I could not pay. I needed someone to wash my sins away. Oh, and now I sing a brand new song. Amazing grace all day long. Christ Jesus paid today that I could never pay. Amen. Aren't you glad that he paid it all for us? Amen. Maybe Sister Cassie, you place something softly there. I'd like to go to the prayer request at this moment. Want to continue lift up our sister Betty Morris, brother Clarence Morris as brother Roger as well as brother Rogers, sister Anne Sailor, and our sister Sarah Gooden. I want to be praying for brother Mike orders there, brother Joe Green's congregation. He is now home and as well as be lifting up brother Luther King and brother Roger Andrews from the brother Joe Green's congregation. want to be remembering our pastor, brother Ron Spencer, that God would just continue to touch him, strengthen him, as well as sister Donna Ber. I want to pray for Sister Teresa Delaney as she will be having surgery on June the 9th at UVA for that cancer. So, just be remembering each and every one of them as they're dealing with that cancer there. Want to continue lift up brother Marcus Turner's 2-year-old grandson had that enlarged lymph node in the stomach. Uh and then they're going to be biopsying or uh possibly second one and they'll be biopsying those. He is to see a surgeon on June the 18th for that as well as be lifting up brother Marcus as he injured his foot there. Want to remember sister Wanda Hinkle. Uh she has been diagnosed with stage 2 ovarian cancer. Uh but they believe it is contained in the pelvic area. She will have six chemotherapy treatments, one every three weeks. And uh mom and dad and brother Andrew and sister Katie was able to see them today. So just be remembering them and our prayers that God would just touch Wanda Hinkle and the family there. Be remembering Brother Randy and all of that. Uh I want to pray for Brother Tom Heel. He was working in the garden this evening and the top of a Tpost driver came off, hit him in the head. Uh, Sister Melissa took an AMC. They have put seven staples in his head and he also has a concussion. So, be remembering Brother Tom this evening. Please remember my son Christian and his dad who had a stroke. They are both needing a touch from God. Thank you, Sister Christina Pierce. Dear church family, I so desire your prayers on Wednesday at 9:00 a.m. as I'm having extensive dental work done all at one time and I am very nervous on this. Thank you, Sister Roxy. Amen. How many have an unspoken request said, "Lord, just pass by my way." Amen. I'm going to ask Brother Chris Morris if he would just come lead us to the throne of grace. [Music] Amen. Amen. Let's all just pray and believe together. Our gracious father, as we just come to you, Lord, and Father, what a great honor it is to approach the King of King and Lord of Lords. And Father, just not just to approach you in the in the way of the world, but approach you as a bride. Father, we just ask you to come, Lord, this evening. Come in your special way. We're inviting the great King of glory to come and have his way. And we just pray, Father, as these request was made known, Lord, there's so many, but Father, Brother Tom Hill, Lord, I just pray for him. I pray, Father God, that you can just move on the scene there and and Sister Wanda, Lord, just so many needs. And father, you're mindful of each and every one, Lord. And we just pray, Father, as you come down, your own way, Lord. And Lord, you move on the scene for them. And Lord Jesus, bless and minister this evening, Lord. May my brother just step aside and and Father, may the sweet words of the Holy Spirit come down to each and every heart. And Father, as we see the handwriting on while we see times is fixing to be up for this little bride, we're fixing to take a a journey. And I just pray if there's one here, Lord, that ain't got the Holy Ghost. If there's one here, Lord, that needs a baptism. Father, we're praying for them. Lord, pray, Lord, that you'll speak to their heart. Father, we we just we know we're at the end of it. if there's just one more. And Lord, if those are here that that are doubting it, that don't know, but Lord, they can be fully assured that they can have it. So, Father, we commit the service now in your hands. We love you, Lord. Appreciate your grace and your mercy. Thank you, Father. We pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. At this time, we're going to receive the is offering you gifts. God's bless you. And we'll have brother Joel Robinson sing for us this evening. And then we'll have brother Matt McCclard sing for us. Let's sing a song. God is good all the time. Isn't he so good to us all? Oh, God is good. Oh, all the time. He put a song of praise in this heart of God is good. all the time. Oh, through the darkest night is a light. It will shine by God is good. Oh, God. He's good. Oh, if you're walking now, if you're walking all through the valley and there are shadows all around, oh, do not fear, for he will guide you and he will keep you safe and sound. Because he's proise he'll never leave you. Oh no forsake you. Oh and his word it is true. My God is good all the time. He put a song of grace in this heart of battle. Oh God is good all the time. Oh the darkest night is light. It will shine. My God is good. Oh God is good. [Music] Oh, we were sinners. We were [Music] sinners. Oh, so unworthy. Oh, still for us he chose to die. He filled us with his holy spirit. Now we can stand and taste his love. Oh that his love is [Music] everlasting and his mercies they will never never never end. Oh God is good all time. He put a song of grace in this part of my God is good all the time. Oh, in the dark night, it is a light. It will shine. My God is good. Oh, God is good. all the time. Amen. You can be [Music] seated. My sleep is gone. My heart is full of sorrow. I can't believe how much I've let you down. And I dread the pain that waits for me tomorrow. When the sun reveals my broken dreams scattered on the ground. And please forgive me. I need your grace to make it through. All I have is you. I'm at your mercy. And Lord, I'll serve you until my dying day to help others find the way. I'm at your mercy and please forgive me. I can't believe the God of earth and glory oh would take the time to care for one like me. But I read the Bible and I read of that old [Music] story how he bled from my forgiveness while dying on the tree. And please forgive me. I need your grace to make it through. Lord, all I have is you. I'm at your [Music] mercy and Lord, I'll serve you until my dying day to help others find the way. I'm at your mercy and please forgive me. I can't believe that the God of earth and glory oh would take the time to care for one like me. But I read the Bible and I've read of that old [Music] story how he bled for my forgiveness while dying on that tree. And please forgive me. I need your grace to make it through, Lord. All I have is you. I'm at your mercy, Lord. I'll serve you until my dying day to help others find the way. I'm at your mercy. And please forgive me. Oh Lord, I need your grace to make it through. You see, all I have is you. How much your mercy, Lord, I will serve you. Yes, I will, my Lord, until my dying day. to help others find the way I'm at your mercy. And please forgive me. All I have is you. I'm at your mercy. And please forgive me. [Music] [Applause] [Music] hear me now. There we go. Praise the Lord. Ask for your prayers. I'll be going brother Lloyd Walls in the morning. You don't know what it's like to have a church that's praying behind you. Makes a tremendous difference. And there's a lot of you. So, I ask you to pray for me. Amen. Just want to be a blessing we go. I love you, Lord. For your mercy never fails me. All my days I've been held in your hand. From the moment that I wake up until I lay my head. Oh, I will sing of the goodness of God. Cuz all my life you have been faithful. And all my life you have been so so good. With every breath that I am able, oh I will sing of the goodness of God. How many loves this voice? I love your voice. You have led me through the fire. In the darkest night, you were close like no [Music] other. I've known you as a father. I've known you as a friend and I have lived in the goodness of God. All my life you have been faithful. Thank you [Music] Lord. All my life you have been so so good with every breath that I am made. Oh. Oh. I will sing of the goodness of God. Your goodness is running after. Cuz your goodness is running after. It's right after me. [Music] With my life laid down, I [Applause] surrender your goodness. Sing it with [Music] me. And all my life you have been faithful. [Music] And all my life you have been so every breath that I made. I'm aable. I will sing of the goodness of God all my life. [Music] In all my life you have been [Music] faith. Oh and all my life you have been so so good with every breath that I made. Oh, I will sing. [Music] [Applause] Hallelujah. Aren't you thankful for the goodness of God in your life? Why don't you give the Lord a hand clap of praise for the goodness and mercy that follows you all the days of your life? Amen. Amen. Amen. So good to be in the house of the Lord. Happy to be back home with you. been away for the past two weekends out evangelizing and had wonderful meetings there in Kentucky and and the Lord really moved in a very special way there for the brothers and sisters there and then last weekend at Louisiana. The Lord blessed us abundantly and amen. We're just thankful to be back home. We have brother William speaking for us tonight. We just know that the Lord's got something great in store for us tonight. Just want to make a mention uh tomorrow we're going to be having the baptism here tomorrow. We were planning to have it down on the river, but the brothers decided just to have it here with all the raining and the floods, not knowing exactly how the rivers would be. So, we're going to have that here tomorrow after after the preaching of the word. And if you if you are planning to be baptized, if you wouldn't mind just um bringing a towel with you. Um we're not exactly how many not exactly sure how many is planning to be baptized. So, we have some towels, but we don't know exactly who all is going to be baptized. We just ask that you'd uh just bear with us. We have changing we have changing rooms here. So, it'll make it a lot easier for us here. So, we'll just uh we'll just make plans for that. Make preparations. It's a great thing to see these decisions being made to take on the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. Ain't it good to be a Christian? Amen. How many love the Lord? Amen. Let's have a key. We invite brother William tonight. I sought the Lord and he answered me and deliver me from those who look on him are will never be shame. [Music] this whole man cry and the Lord heard me and save me from my enemies. [Music] The son of God. So he say he will deliver them. He will deliver them. Oh magnify the Lord with me. Oh come exalt his name [Applause] together glorify the [Music] [Music] Lord. It failed my it failed my mind just a minute ago, but we're so happy to have brother Marco Vanenter here with us. He is brother Bisco's grandson-in-law and he has been a great friend to us. He is a deacon there with brother Tom Ray in the assembly and he has taken so good care of us, become a real friend to us and uh he's here for work and we just we're happy to have him here. He's we put him in some spots as a deacon. Last time I remember he uh he was carrying me out of the p out of the pull pit like a baby. So, Amen. God bless you. So, Amen. We're happy to have him here. Amen. Oh, taste and see. Oh, taste and see that the Lord is good. Amazing is [Music] he over all you say. He'll give you everything. He'll give you everything. Magnify. Oh [Applause] magnify the Lord with [Music] me. Oh come [Music] ex glorify the Lord with me. Oh, come exalt his name [Music] [Laughter] forever. Let us bless the Lord, every day. Neverending [Applause] praise. May our rain arise. Let us bless the Lord. Every day. Oh never ending praise. May our rain. All right, sister. Sing it with all your heart. Let us bless the Lord. Hallelujah. Every day and night, ever praise our Come on, brother. Sing with all your [Music] heartless praise. [Music] All together now. Let us bless the Lord. [Music] We all magnify the Lord with me. exalt his name [Music] together. Glorify the Lord with me for promise. One more time as brother William makes his way tonight. [Music] [Music] exalt his name forever. [Music] Glorify the Lord with me. Come exalt his name forever. [Applause] Hallelujah. Have you come to exalt the name of the Lord Jesus Christ? Amen. Lift up his name. be high lifted up. Worthy and honor, glory, power, and might be unto his name forever and ever. And the bride of Jesus Christ says, "Amen." Hallelujah. Let's give the Lord praise. Thank you, Jesus. Thank you, Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. My what an atmosphere. What an atmosphere is set in this place. [Music] The saints of God, no matter what Satan tried to throw at you this week, you've come to the house of God, you've lifted up. You said, "I'm coming to exalt the name of the Lord Jesus." You can only imagine how mad that makes hell. You can just smile at hell right there and say, "Satan, no matter. You threw everything you had at me, but I love the Lord Jesus more today than I did yesterday." What amazing. There's no greater privilege than to be a Christian. Amen. Certainly good to be in the house of the Lord. And it's certainly good to see each and every one of you and our visitors. And it's certainly wonderful. We also have another visitor family in our church, Brother Andrew and Sister Katie Spencer. and their family. We're happy to have them back in the house of the Lord. Amen. Amen. I I know we've got to share them sometimes, you know, but we're always happy when they come back. And Brother Ron, you know, when our when our group gets back together, we certainly love them and uh feel like the whole family's together again. Amen. Amen. We certainly want to keep Sister Wanda and Brother Randy in our prayers. You know, you never know what life throws at you, but we're one big family. That's right. You know, and we're not to to throw pity parties for ourselves or for others, but we're as a family to put a shoulder to shoulder, and when somebody goes through something, you really put that person on your heart. You really get to praying for them and you pull for them. That's the greatest thing we can do. Yes, sir. Amen. Amen. If we'll just we'll just go to the word this evening, not keep you standing. If you'll turn with me, thank you, musicians. Well, is this microphone okay, brother Jeremy? Is it okay? We'll turn to Isaiah chapter 61. We'll read in several several places here. Isaiah 61 and then we'll turn over to John 14. Pray something will be said tonight to encourage your hearts. Amen. Isaiah 61 verse1 we'll begin. The spirit of the Lord God is upon me because the Lord hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the meek. He hath sent me to bind up the brokenhearted to proclaim liberty to the captives and the opening of the prison to them that are bound. Amen. And now in John chapter uh yeah John chapter 14:1 16 Jesus here speaking a very powerful of course every word he said was powerful but you know this is a very comforting scripture he says in verse 16 and I will pray the father and he shall give you another comforter that he may abide with you forever even the spirit of truth whom the world cannot receive because it seeth him not neither knoweth him but ye know him for he dwelleth with you and shall be in you. I will not leave you comfortless. I will come to you. Amen. One last place to second Corinthians chapter 12. And we'll let you be seated. 2 Corinthians chapter 12 and verse 9. Paul's speaking here. He's gone. We know he's gone through so many trials of life. And he's struggling with all of his weaknesses and all of his trials. And he inquired about the Lord. Lord, why is it, you know, other people are getting healed and other people are getting great deliverances, but what about me? Amen. And God finally reveals to Paul his situation. And that gave Paul an entirely different view on his trial. And verse nine, and he said unto me, my grace is sufficient for thee, for my strength is made perfect in weakness. Most gladly, therefore, will I rather glory in my infirmities, that the power of Christ may rest upon me. Therefore, I take pleasure in infirmities, in reproaches, in necessities, in persecutions, and distresses for Christ's sake. For when I am weak, then am I strong. Let's all say that last part together. For when I am weak, then am I strong. Amen. and let's bow our heads and hearts to the Lord. Dear gracious heavenly father, we thank you for this opportunity Lord to come. We thank you Lord for your presence that we already feel. Lord, your children has come. They're ready to feed on the word. They've come ready to worship now Lord. And you've never disappointed us one time. We ask Lord that you open up the word to us. Encourage our hearts. Strengthen us Lord. You know what each and every one of us Lord are going through. May something be said tonight to strengthen your children. Draw glory from this service. Use me Father Lord. I just surrender myself to you as speaker. Father, I ask that the hearers surrender themselves that together we'll give you the praise, honor, and glory in Jesus Christ's name. Amen. God bless you. You may be seated. With the help of the Lord, I'd like to title this this evening perfect faith with a broken heart. Perfect faith with a broken heart. That can sound a bit contradictory because a lot of times when you have a broken heart, you feel very weak and exposed. You feel vulnerable. But if you if you notice the text that we took, Paul said that when I am weak, then I'm actually strong. We know and understand that a Christian walk is not a flowery bed of ease. Simp simply put in everyday term Christian to be a Christian is not for sissies. It's not for weaklings. It's not you know it it takes it takes the strength of God to stand against our day and age. Everything is a fight and a struggle. If you have joy, if you have the joy of the Lord tonight, it's only because you fought for it. If you've got peace tonight, it's because you fought for it. If you are enjoying a godly family, it's because you fought for it. Satan is not just going to lay back, Brother Gabriel, and let you just have a godly family. Let you have peace and joy in your home and love. You're going to have to fight for every bit of it. But see, people, they can look at you and say, "My, that brother and sister so and so, they're always happy. They're always on the mountaintop. They've got such a wonderful family." But they don't see the battle. They don't see the hours in prayer. They don't see the tears. They don't see the agony underneath that they had to go through to get it. A godly marriage is something that you have to fight for. So, if you want these things I mentioned, but you don't have them, then you've got to fight. I want to encourage you tonight to fight to possess it. That's right. Now, the prophet of God taught us a very important truth. We know that a big part of his ministry, especially at first, was the divine healing. He was sent, God sent him, gave him an angelic visitation to take divine healing to the peoples of the world. And he taught the people many times before he called the prayer line. He said, "Look," he said, "when you get prayed for, many times you'll actually get sicker." But he said that is actually proof that you are healed. But what happens is to the the the carnal mind and reasoning, you feel wonderful in the presence of God. Maybe a a deaf person can hear in the presence of God because the demon has no choice but to leave. But then when they go back out to their normal lives and they begin to all of a sudden they they can't maybe they've got to say, "What was that?" when they heard perfectly a few hours ago, they then begin to draw back and think, "My, I've lost my healing." And that's the time to stand strong. So, when you get prayed for or you get prayed over a situation in your life, and it gets worse, be encouraged. Don't be discouraged. I guess I lost my faith. I guess the preacher didn't have enough faith. I guess I wasn't anointed with enough oil. Have faith because many times when we are in a great trial, God will speak a promise over us and we receive the blessing of his presence. But then things get even more difficult. That's the time to believe because see, Satan would love to get you disappointed in God. Come on, buddy. God never disappoints. There is no disappointment in him. So you say why then preacher am I experiencing disappointment? Why is it that I have felt like I have such faith but then I come across a situation and all of a sudden I'm so discouraged. I'm disappointed. The disappointment is not in him or his promise. The disappointment is in your own expectation or your own human reasoning of how something should have come to pass. And when it don't work out that way, you begin to draw back. And the Bible says, "My soul has no pleasure in them that draws back." So the disappointment is in our own human. It's in our own humanity. That's what's disappointing. He's never disappointed me a day. Never once. Amen. But I disappointed myself many times. I've let him down many times. He hasn't let me down once. Do you see how where where that difference is? So, Satan would love to get you disappoint. Well, I got so disappointed. I believed God for this and it never happened. Remember when Jesus was on the earth and he was crucified? The disciples were so disappointed. That's right. Why? because they expected him to take the kingdom at that time. So it wasn't that Jesus did exactly what the word said he would do, but their own disappointment came when it didn't work out like they thought it should. That's the disappointment. But Jesus did. He was exactly on time. His ways are higher than ours. One day we'll know the whole story, but right now it just requires faith and patience. Brother M said a lily or any flower it's beautiful a morning lily or a rose the rose of Sharon's a beautiful flower while it's a living it's beautiful but to get the odor out of that to get a perfume it has to be crushed and they crush it and they squeeze the perfume out of it you know in the Old Testament in Exodus chapter 30 God gave Moses a certain recipe on how to do the incense in the tabernacle of witness and they were to take three spices is, if I'm pronouncing this correctly, stacked and on ania and galbonum. That's in Exodus 30:34. These sweet spices with pure frankincense of each there shall be a like weight. And thou shalt make it a perfume, a confection after the art of the apothecarity, tempered together pure and holy, and thou shalt beat some of it very small. They had to crush them herbs and the incense to get that smell out. This wasn't just a plugin for your house. This was a special This was a special smell. And God wanted it done a certain way. I want so much of this. I want equal amounts and mix it with frankincense. And I want you to crush it. And I want you to beat it very small and put it before the testimony of the tabernacle of the congregation where I will meet you. It shall be unto you most holy. Now watch verse 37. And as for the perfume which thou shalt make, you shall not make to yourselves according to the composition thereof. It shall be unto thee holy for the Lord. You couldn't make this for your own house. It was a divine recipe that God wanted them to make. And that whenever they would have burned this incense on the altar and it went up, it was it was worship unto God. Whenever you would smell that and the priest, they would smell that, it would remind them of worshiping Jehovah. It wasn't to go into the house, anybody's house. It was it was only for God. God wanted that incense to have a unique blend and smell where that smell would remind you of him. In Ephesians 5:2, this is in the Greek dialogue. It says, "And be walking in love, even as Christ loved us and delivered himself up for us, an offering in a sacrifice to God for a sweet smelling odor. Our Lord Jesus had to be crushed so that the sweetness of the Holy Ghost could be released so that we can then enjoy it." It's not just for the house of God. It is for your home. It's not just for you. It's for your family. It's for your children. even unto as many as the Lord our God shall call. That's right. When Jesus was born, they brought very similar things to him. Myrr and frankincense and he was crushed and beaten for a sweet smelling savor. Brother talks about the gold how the old in the Bible days they used to beat the gold until they could see the reflection. They would beat it to get all the dross out. And when and when when the beater could start seeing his reflection, he knew that it was about time. And sometimes we go through things and we just feel like, Lord, you've got to be seeing your reflection about now. I've been getting being on for a long time. So then God says, you know what? You're right. Let me flip you over. You still got some beating. You're always We're always ready in our humanity to come out of it way before it's time. Let's just be honest. That's right. But he knows he promised to never put more on us than we can handle. Amen. The prophet of God said in without money or without price, but when our Lord puts his chain of love around your heart and pulls you out from the ditch of sin, he heals every broken heart and takes away all the sin. And the bill is put in a sea of forgetfulness to remember against you no more. Come without money or without price. No matter how bad you're cut up, how bad you're bruised, how your what how your family has done or what you've done, there's no bill for it. He heals the heartaches, takes away all your sorrows. How many here has experienced a broken heart before? Not just hurt feelings, but an actual broken heart where where where you feel like you can't even express it because it's breaking. He's the healer of that tonight. You know, the prophet of God talks about the children of Israel when they were slaves. He said their hearts were so broken, they were beginning to cry out to God. And it forced God, brother Andrew, it forced God to a conference. When they were living good and everybody, all the Egyptians and all the Egyptian government loved Joseph and they knew Joseph and they respected Israel because of who Joseph was, things were going just fine. But when they then begin to be forced into slavery, right, and begin to be beat, they begin to cry out for the deliver. And the prophet said that that may that God was forced to a showdown. And I believe that your broken heart, your desperation and anguish can force a conference in heaven. In Psalm 147:3, he health the broken in heart and he bindeth up their wounds. Now we know that healing is based on forgiveness. Amen. So if natural healing is based on forgiveness, so is spiritual healing based on forgiveness. Amen. Broken hearts come in very many different avenues. Whether it's the loss of a loved one, whether it's terrible news from the doctor you get, or someone else can break your heart. Right? So before God can heal your broken heart, you've if someone else has broken your heart, you've got to heal and for or you excuse me, you got to forgive that person. That's right. for breaking your heart before you can expect God to heal your broken heart. You cannot bear the grudge of what someone else did to you and then expect God to heal your broken heart when you're harboring unforgiveness for that person. That's right, sir. Now, God understands a broken heart. David said, "The Lord is nigh unto them that are of a broken heart, and saveth such that be of a contrite spirit." That's right. The first one with a broken heart was God himself. That's right. Amen. When he did everything, right? He provided everything perfectly for Adam and Eve. What more could they want? They had peace. They had love. They had everything. And it still wasn't enough. When he got the news, that broke his heart. So God understands. Oh yeah. Abraham waiting 25 years for a son. And that son comes and he begin and Isaac arrives and he's testifying and he's so happy and for years he's enjoying Isaac. But one day God asked him and says,"Abraham, I want you to take your only son. I want you to take your testimony. You've been believing me. Come on. For 25 years, right? How many here are under 25? That's longer. A number of you, that is longer than you've been alive. Abraham's been waiting. And God said, "I want you to take your son and take him somewhere where I told you in this mountain and I want you to sacrifice him to me." What do you think that did to Abraham's heart? It shattered it in so much that brother said he could even tell Sarah he didn't want to upset her. So he goes that morning and he starts splitting the wood and he get he brings a fire with him and he you know he saddles up the donkey and he gets ready and they get going all the while knowing right one thing that was missing from his journey there was he didn't bring a lamb he didn't bring a bullock he didn't bring a goat and as he's going up to the mountain you can imagine his what what his heart must have been feeling right when he was split splitting. The Bible said he cleaved the wood as he was splitting the wood and stacking it. This is going to burn my son. But he loved God more than anything else in this world. He loved God more than himself. Right. In Genesis 22:5, "And Abraham said unto the young man, abide ye here with the ass, and I and the lad will go yonder and worship and come again to you." No doubt Abraham didn't even understand maybe what he was saying. The inspiration so took him over, right? Al his heart in his throat, knowing he was about to take his son, right? But yet under the inspiration of the Holy Ghost, he says, "Y'all y'all hang out right here. We're going to go in this mountain and worship." And it's not I'll just be back. I and my son will be back. How? How, Abraham, are you going to bring Isaac back? I'll tell you how. The same way that a prophet of God said, "Bud, before we get to that camp, I'm going to kill a grizzly." How? When you go really high in the mountains, I've never been to that portion of Canada, but when we were in the mountains of Colorado, you go up to a certain point and it's timberline and things are and the weather is so extreme above that the trees don't even grow. It's almost like moss is almost like a like a carpet everywhere. And yet they they could see the camp of the boys and the prophet of God stands there in such confidence and says, "Before we get there, I'm going to kill something that you've never even seen in the area." Right. And Abraham took the wood of for the b of the burnt offering and laid it upon Isaac his son. And he took the fire in his hand and a knife, and they went both of them together. And Isaac spake unto Abraham his father, and said, "My father," he's getting suspicious here. And he said, "Here am I, my son." He said, "Behold the fire and the wood, but where's the lamb for the burnt offering? You need a lamb for a sacrifice. And Abraham again and Abraham said, "My son, God will provide himself a lamb for a burnt offering." Imagine what it made God feel like to sit down to to be to be there and to look down and to see that Abraham then began. He didn't carry the wood. He put it on Isaac. That's right. And then to be able to to to see a brokenhearted father. God could look down and see a brokenhearted father putting wood on the back of his son. That was years and years, like 1300 years before Isaiah ever pinned Isaiah 53. 2,000 plus years before God before or excuse me, yeah, before he ever came and gave his life and God looking down and seeing that. With a broken heart, but even in the state of his broken heart, Abraham had perfect faith, right? And that perfect faith aligned itself with the mind of God. And that's what perfect faith is. Because remember, perfect faith masters all circumstances. And whenever your thinking aligns with God's thinking, you've got perfect faith. Thank you, Lord. Amen. If you're looking at your situation and your symptoms, it's not lining up with what God said. That's right. Brother Ram said, "Now notice as they go up the hill, Abraham packing the fire, when they get up there, he said, 'Father," he said, "here I am." He said, "Here's the wood and here's the fire. Here's the altar, but where's the lamb for the sacrifice?" He said, "Oh, could you imagine the father's heart pumping hard, his only child? Where's the sacrifice?" Abraham choking back the tears. Think of your own self choking back tears with a stern look towards heaven. And he said, "My son, God will provide for himself a lamb for the sacrifice." And on tape, you can hear Brother Bam start getting real emotional. And he says, "I'm not emotional much, but that just gets to me. God will provide for himself a sacrifice, a lamb." He said, "Turn around, Isaac. Turn your back to me, son." He did. Isaac thought, "What's this?" It's leather cords taking my hands. Surely father understands what he's doing. Around his feet went some cords. Tie them together. He looked over. Abraham looked at him and brushed back the hair out of his eyes and kissed him on the cheek. You talk about a broken heart. God be with you, my son. Laid him on the altar, looked back, choking back the tears. Little Isaac, obedient to death. not asking a question. And as and as Abraham gets that knife out of the sheath and goes to plunge it into his son, the angel of God stops his hands. He says,"Abraham, Abraham, now I know you've proven to me that you love me above anything else. You've proven it." And then you watch in the scriptures, there comes a promise of I'll you know your your seed shall possess the gate of the enemy. Who was Isaac? Jesus. Who is the ram caught in the thicket? Jesus. Who took your place? Who took my place? Jesus when he was here on the earth, he said, "I no man takes my life for me. I've got power to lay it down. I've got power to raise it up. That's right. When it fell in line with the scripture to lay it down, he laid it down. When it came time in the scriptures to raise up, he raised up. He had all power. Pilot thought that he could let him go. Pilot thought that he had control. The Pharisees thought they were in control. The soldiers thought they were in control. Jesus went up. When Jesus, as Jesus went up, gotha hill, he's already seen this drama before. In his mind, in the type, he's already seen this drama before. He was just walking in it. He was just the anti-ype, the fulfillment of it. When Jesus was beaten, he was not beaten to say, "You go to the cross. No, I don't want to. We're going to beat you and make you." No, he was beaten to fulfill the scripture. But he gladly went up. He went up of his own will. Thank you, Lord. Think of the widow of Zerapath drought in Israel because of sin. Remember Elijah by the authority of God said, "Not even dew will fall till I call for it." He goes by the brooks, the crows feed him. And after a while, the brook dries up and then he says, God tells them in first Kings 17 n, "Arise, get thee to Zarapath, which belongth to Zidon, and there behold I have commanded a widow woman there to sustain thee." The widow woman didn't know that. She didn't get that memo yet. That's right. But in the mind of God, he knew what nature she had. You have Elijah, and she had the same nature Elijah had. So God sent knew exactly who to send his prophet to. So he arose and went to Zerapath. And when he came to the city, behold, the widow woman was there gathering of sticks. and he called to her and said, "Fetch me, I pray thee, a little water in a vessel that I may drink." Now, water wasn't common at that time. He already asked her a lot by asking her for water. But because she had the same nature, she's I'll go get it. And as she goes to get it, if that already request was not hard enough, her trial gets even harder. He says, "And and while you're there, before you do that, bake me a cake also. Amen. The trial just got harder. Not only does this man want the last bit or or my water, but now it's the last cake, the last piece. And he called to her and said, "Pray, bring me, I pray, thee a morsel of bread in thine hand." And she said, "As the Lord God liveth, I have not a cake, but a handful of meal in a barrel and a little oil in a cruise. And behold, I'm gathering two sticks. that I may go in and dress it for me and my son that we may eat it and die. That was their last meal. And you have a prophet of God asking her, "Go make me a cake first." Her heart was already broken from her only son begging her and asking her for food. Amen. No doubt they had to ration it. So they might not have eaten probably for a week or so or two or who knows. and he's crying all night for something to eat. What would that do to us as parents to hear your child, "Daddy, mama, I'm hungry." And you can't do nothing about it. Day after day, I'm hungry. I know, honey. I know. I know. It's We We're just going to pray that God will send rain. I know you're hungry, but we're We've only got one. We've really got to make this last. And when the day finally arrives, we're okay. This is our last meal. Maybe before we die, it'll rain. This is our last meal. There comes a bald-headed prophet, fuzzy with a long beard, and asks for her food. Her last bit. Now remember she couldn't bre said as certain as he is God he has to keep his word certain. Then the command was go to the city for I have commanded a widow woman a vision broke before the prophet. She doesn't know where the sticks will be laying but there's two sticks in the yard somewhere. Now notice there couldn't have been a bundle of sticks. She couldn't have went and gotten a bundle of sticks. There had to only be two because the cross has only got two. And she in her broken state did not realize the perfect faith that she was in. Her mind, her whenever she had that last meal, that meal was ground down just like Jesus Christ was ground down. And she walked out there and found one stick part of the cross. She gets another piece, a stick. And when she picked up that second stick, If she would have had a bundle of wood and she would have had plenty of food, she could not have expressed the mind of God. But yet, because her heart was broken, come on. See, whenever we're we're in a state where where we think we we're doing good and we feel strong, we feel good. We have all kinds of walls and fences up sometimes. But whenever you're so broken down where you can't even speak, he said, you just say, "God, just listen to my heart. You know how I feel right now. There's no pretense." And that's the state she was in. And she had to believe the prophet. The same God sent that prophet and said, "For thus sayeth the Lord, the meal, the barrel of meal will not run dry, nor the barrel of water go empty until the Lord God send rain upon the earth." So if that was with Elijah speaking here in verse 13, and Elijah said unto her, "Fear not. Go do as thou has said, but make me thereof a little cake first, and bring it unto me, and after make for thee and thy son." How in the world to the carnal mind can she make a cake after she gives Elijah her last one? But the same God that inspired Abraham to say that I and the lad will go yonder and worship and come again unto you. Amen. While he was on a mission to sacrifice him is the same God that told her you bake me your last cake first and you and your house will eat for many days. That's what the scripture said. After she did that, they were taken care of in the drought. He said, "This poor little woman, she knew that he was God." As the barrel went down, down, down. Circumstances got worse and worse all the time. But God was letting it get that way. He just loves to do that. He loves to put your faith to a test to see how you'll act on it. That's right. Let you be anointed and prayed for and then make you worse. This is heavy duty. Said, "Come on, Satan. Put on him on a test. I know he believes me. Bless God forever. Oh my. Put him to a test now. I know he took my word for it." Could he say that about you? That puts us all on the spot. The Shounomite woman was given a miracle baby boy. Years later, he dies and she goes and looks for that prophet Elisha. Now remember in 2 Kings 4:25, so she went and came unto the man of God to Mount Carmel. And it came to pass when the man of God saw her a far off, that he said to Gahesa, his servant, Behold, yonder is that Shounomite, run now, I pray thee, to meet her, and say unto her, Is it well with thee? Is it well with thy husband? Is it well with the child? Now listen, she had a dead boy back at home. Her husband was tore up. She was tore up. He had a broken heart. She had a broken heart. She was devastated. But yet, when Gahesa came and said, "Is all well with thee?" What was the what was that perfect faith come out and say all is well and she answered it is well perfect faith with a broken heart how can she say that because she has a faith that she now had arrived to God's representative on earth and she knew that if she made it to Elisha it was going to be well because the God that gives is the God that sustains. He's the God that gives. He's the God that takes away. But he's also the God that sustains. Glory to God. In the midst of the hardest trial of her life, she still was able to get that perfect faith. And the Shounomite woman said, she said, "All is well." Why? Her husband ringing his hands and screaming, all the relatives screaming and wailing. And she was there with a broken heart. the baby laying on the prophet's bed, dead, her only son, an old woman, an old man. How she loved that little fellow. She loved her baby like you do yours, like I do mine. But yet with a broken heart, she still found perfect faith. Because you know, Satan again, whenever you get that broken heart, he'll come and say, "This is why. This is why." and he'll begin to try and drive you down, drive you away from church, drive you away from your family, drive you away from God. When here in the scriptures, we're looking and that's when people stood firm and had perfect faith. That's when they took God at his word. So in verse 27, and when she came to the man of God to the hill, she caught him by the feet, but Gahesa came near to thrust her away. And the man of God said, "Let her alone, for her soul is vexed within her, and the Lord hath hid it from me and hath not told me." And then she said, "Did I desire, son of my Lord, did I not say, do not deceive me?" Then he said to Gahesa, "Gird up thy loins, and take my staff in my hand, in thine hand, and go thy way. If thou meet any man, salute him not. If any salute thee, answer him not again, and lay my staff upon the face of the child." because that prophet knew that everything he touched was blessed. Now, I want you to catch something here. In this Shounomite woman's pain, the the worst trial of her life, she inspired Elisha to tell Gahesa, "You take my staff and you go lay it on the child." Hundreds and hundreds of years later, Elisha inspired Paul. Amen. Seven churches later, church ages, Paul inspired a prophet of God. This is it, right? We have prayer cloths here. So many miracles were done by prayer cloths in brother Bram's meetings and sometimes he couldn't even he would just pray over entire bed sheets like this and they would cut them up in small pieces and send them out. The prophet of God said that they'll send out hundreds a day. He said if you can come into my office and just watch and kept the testimonies through these years I suppose you could have piled on this platform that's been healed just by sending out these prayer cloths like this. millions of them around and around the world. All because one woman was devastated with a broken heart. Come on. And she went to Elisha. And Elisha by the inspiration of the Holy Ghost told Gays to what to do with that staff. That's right. And another prophet picked up that that fire. And then brother Brandham did. And how many people have been healed by prayer cloth? That's right. All because of perfect faith with a broken heart. In the Old Testament on the other side of the cross, yet God is true to his word. Cancers and things falling off of people. I heard brother Bram not long ago on a tape say, "Now you get that prayer cloth you have in your pocket. Don't you let nobody touch it. You go home and lay it on the sick relative and they're going to be healed." The next time you you hear brethren talk about prayer cloths and he talks about praying over the handkerchiefs at the end of the service, you remember that Shunomite woman, you remember the cost of it and the benefit of people. Do you remember when brother Brandham was talking to that infidel and that woman that was supposed to die and she was on the bed pan and and she was cancer? Do you know she was healed by a prayer cloth? That's right. Because of this Shounomite woman. because of a broken heart. How many hearts have been mended because of her broken heart? Because of her perfect faith with her broken heart her heart herself got mended. Now now remember Gaza ran ran ahead and when Elisha came, he took that dead child and he laid it on the bed. Remember, she made him a separate room. And that prophet of God took him by the inspiration of God and he laid that little boy on his bed. And when he did that, he then laid on the child. His nose to his nose and his mouth to his mouth and his eyes upon his eyes. And he went and the child came back to life. Do you know that? That's exactly what Elijah did also. Do you know that when the that when the widow of Zerapath later in life her son also died and she went and laid him on the bed of Elijah and Elijah went and he laid himself on the child and the child came back to life and Elisha with a double portion of that same anointing went and he did the same thing. He put him on his bed. He laid down. Don't you know that Jesus said, "The works that I do shall you do also?" That Elijah is a type of Christ and Elisha is a type of the bride. And here you have Elisha with the same inspiration do the exact same thing. Both dead boys laid on the prophet's bed. Both prophets laid on the body on the boy's lifeless body. But the same need with the same faith in the same God produce the same results. That's Hebrews 13:8. Jesus Christ the same yesterday and today and forever. You had the same faith that she had, you're going to get the same results. All right. You may not have the same need she has, but if you've got the same faith because we're serving the same God. Has God lost his power? We're say we're serving the same God she did. We were sent Elijah just like she was sent Elisha. And Elijah Mary and Martha, they were real believers. They weren't ashamed of Jesus Christ. Jesus and Lazarus were like best friends. And when Lazarus got sick, they thought, "Surely, when you have a best friend, they're there for you." And here you have Jesus, one of Jesus's best friends get sick and they send him a message. Lazarus is sick. Could you please come and pray for him? And Jesus ignored it because Jesus already knew what was going to happen. Jesus purposely avoided coming back until Lazarus actually died. So you can imagine the disappointment and the heartache that struck that home. They could not understand here. We gave up everything that we have. We we've exposed ourselves. We've exposed our our reputation in the community to believe this message. And here in our darkest hour, Jesus would not come and pray for our brother, his best friend. You think you think they didn't have whispers of the devil going in their ears all the time because remember he was dead for so not only do they keep sending to Jesus and he wouldn't come but then when he actually he then waited Lazarus died they already had had you know Jesus didn't even come to the funeral and and you know where's this Jesus the neighbors you can imagine all all the whispering here they they left for this to follow this crazy man Jesus and when they need him the He's nowhere to be seen. What a miracle worker that is. Come on. So Jesus not only doesn't come, but he waits for 4 days. After the funeral, he's not there for another four days. And when Jesus finally comes back in John 11:20, then Martha, as soon as she heard that Jesus was coming, went and met him. But Mary sat still in the house. Now, I want you to watch this. Mary was so brokenhearted and she was so disappointed. She sat there in the house even though she knew Jesus came. They had friends there to comfort her. Mary Jesus is coming. Well, what's the point? He's already in the grave. Lazarus already died. And she sits there in the house. And Martha, and this is where Martha showed her true colors. She ran out to meet Jesus. And then Martha said to Jesus, "Lord, if thou hast been there, my brother had not died." If you would have only come, if you would have only respond, I wouldn't be sad right now. Brother Ram says the there's God's representative. Here's a brokenhearted woman. There's a dead man laying there. this brokenhearted woman with perfect faith. She's the weakest she's probably ever been in her life. Yes, she's able to exercise faith. Is coming recognizing this gift of God here, the son of God. Greatest gift to ever give to the world. Giving him his right title, giving him his right worship, saying, "I believe you're the son of God." And whatever you ask God, God will give it to you. Something's got to happen. She said, "Yes, Lord. I believe it. I believe that you're the son of God that was to come into the world." He said, "Where have you buried him?" What was Martha's testimony? I know that even now, whatsoever thou will ask God, God will give it to you. Right. She recognized the authority of who Jesus was. Even now, four days, four days gone, embalmed. His body in in in that area in that hot Middle Eastern environment already begin to decompose to be a bit graphic. But yet Martha could sit there with such faith and say, "Even now, Martha, how even now? Her heart is broken, but she says, "Lord, even now, no matter how long your child has been wewarded, no matter how long you've been sick, no matter what the doctor's ever told you, be a Martha tonight. Be a Martha and say, "Lord, it's been four years since my struggle. I've been in this fight for five years. I've been in this condition for 10 years. My child has been running from God for 20 years. I don't care. Put a number in there. But even now, whatever my faith, my perfect faith can align with your word, I can have it. Do you know that doubt is the only thing that stands between our request and it coming? We believe God and we're waiting on him and he heals us. Now, if someone's still fighting the sickness, that doesn't mean they have doubt. But we have to keep the faith until the full promise is done. Because let me tell you something, a Christian cannot die. A Christian cannot lose. Paul would did not lose when they were building the the chopping blocks. We believe we believe and know that brother Ron is healed. We believe and know that all these other cancer cases and not only the cancer cases but the different conditions and the different requests, Sister Sue is healed in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. But sometimes, you know, the body, the flesh always takes a while to catch up to the word. Look how long it took Abraham and Sarah's flesh to catch up with the promise. Because the in our bodies, we're still in the time element. So Martha told Jesus that even now whatsoever thou ask of God, God will give it thee. Right. And in verse 28, and when she had so said, she went her way and called Mary her sister secretly, saying, "The master is come and calleth for thee." As soon as she heard it, now it's Mary's turn. She arose quickly and came unto him. Now watch, let's get down to verse 32. Watch the words of Mary. Then when Mary was come where Jesus was and saw him, she fell down at his feet, saying unto him,"Lord, if thou hast been here, my brother had not died." She just repeated word for word what Martha had just told Jesus. Even though Mary sat in the house, Martha ran out and met Jesus. But what was it? They had the same grief. They had the same heartache. They both no doubt trusted that if Jesus would only come back, he would heal him, heal Lazarus. But they also had the same faith. They both had the same heartbreak. And they both had the same faith. They both had the testimony that even now whatsoever thou will ask of God, God will give it thee. And you know how the story ended. Lazarus, come forth. One day he's going to call our loved ones that died in him to come forth. And when he speaks that, it will be on. Hallelujah. When you see your loved ones, you know it's time. everything that you've held in everything that we've held in our hearts and everything that we've believed and held so dear and known to be the truth against all odds and all the critics and all these things. God's going to prove his word. The widow of Naine, she only had one son. She was already a widow. She lost her husband and now she lost her only son. And a funeral procession was going by one day and Jesus stopped the funeral possession. You think in them days they had the pull of of Bethesda there. She might try to get her son in there. When all hopes was gone, Jesus came. Jesus raised three people from the dead. He raised Lazarus. the widow of Na's son and Jeras's daughter. Three as a confirmation and a witness. Now, Jaras, he was a secret believer. Brother Ram called him a secret believer. He believed the message, but you know, he maybe studied Brother Bram's books in the office and didn't want anybody to know. You know, he might he might have slipped some some of Jesus's truths in his sermons, but he was real secretive about it because see, he had a position. Amen. He had a position in the church. He had a position in the community and he was trying to to guard it. But you know, God knew that the in there and you know behind Jeras, behind everything that he was, there was a predestinated seed in there. So he knew how to make it come out. Sometimes you pour water on a sea to make it come out. Sometimes you let the sunshine on it to come out. And other times you put some fire under it to make it come out. So in Jaras's case, he put some fire and he let sickness strike his home. So at first it's just a sickness. All right, let's call the doctor. I know Jesus is doing the miracles, but let's just call the doctor first. So he calls the doctor and tries to treat her. He keeps coming back. Is she getting a little better? Not yet, but we we we can try this and we can try that. He had options. But one day, his options ran out. One day, everything the doctor had, a God-scent doctor, everything he had, the doctor's medicine bag got empty. Dus, I'm sorry to tell you, I have given her everything I've got and everything I know, and there's nothing I can do for her. Just prepare. Prepare for the inevitable. That fire was starting to burn hot because Jaras knew in the back of his mind who he could go to. If the doctors could cure her, he could his faith could stay behind closed doors. But as soon as she was given up by the doctors, Jaras had to make a confession. Amen. So when she was finally given up, he couldn't wait no longer. In Luke 8:41, "And behold, there came a man named Jeras, and he was a ruler of the synagogue, and he fell down at Jesus's feet." Isn't that beautiful? He's a ruler of the synagogue, but yet he's so heartbroken and he knows who Jesus is that he falls at his feet in submission and worship and besought him that he would come into his house for he had only one daughter about 12 years of age and she lay dying. That'll make you desperate. And when he got, see, when he got to Jesus, he was relieved. He was relieved because, okay, I got to Jesus. He agreed to come back with me. Everything's going to be fine. It'll be okay. I'm walking with Jesus. He's right here. It'll be fine. And as he went, the people began to throng him. And a woman having an issue of blood 12 years, which has spent all of her living upon the physicians, neither could be healed to many, came behind him, and touched the border of his garment, and immediately her issue of blood stenched. And Jesus said, "Who touched me?" When all denied Peter, and they that were with him, said, "Master, the multitude throng theemp and press thee, and sayest thou, who touch me?" Now, this is no accident here in the scripture. This woman's blood issue is connected to Jas's daughter. She had the blood issue for as long as his daughter's been alive. Think about that. She was 12 years old. And this woman was suffering with blood issue for 12 years. They both needed a touch in their blood. That's right. Now, in the Old Testament, like I said, they quickly embalmed the bodies for burial. So, Brother Ram said that the little girl Das's daughter was already inbalmed and ready for burial. Think of how final that sounds. It's one thing if if somebody drops, you know, drops dead and things like that, but then as as as the the funeral as as the body is prepared for burial, there's like a finality feel to it. And they had her prepared and laid out on the bed, no doubt waiting. Duras went to get Jesus. It was such an emergency. She couldn't even live till he got back. And they had already prepared her, ready for burial. But they wanted to give Jeras a chance to say goodbye. You think he had a broken heart? But in the midst of that, there was a woman that interrupted as it were, and came out and pressed through the crowd in faith and touched Jesus. And right on the heels of that miracle, as everybody's rejoicing, when Jesus found that woman, right on the heels of that miracle comes a messenger to Juras with ashes and sackcloth on his head, said, "Sas, don't trouble the master. She's dead. Your daughter's dead." You see how his trial got worse? Jaras's trial got worse. First, she was just really sick and now that he finally got to Jesus and he thinks it's over. He come back and then it gets a little worse. We've got to know where we're standing. Brother Ram says in the resurrection of Jas's daughter, "Well, Satan always does these things, you know, like this. And about that time, here come a little fellow perhaps with ashes on his head, which was a sign in those days. Don't trouble the master. Your daughter is already dead. Then the blow came. I can see little old Jaras's heart skip a beat. And he looked around and he started to scream. And he looked over towards Jesus. I can see him slowly turn his head. Don't fear. Only believe. He said, "That's all right." His heart started back beating normal again. Life doesn't always go like we want it to go. In fact, most of the time it doesn't. as a news flash to the young people. So we have to know and to understand that when life disappoints us and we don't always get the news and the results that we want. Let us look into the word and see the eyes of God looking back at us and saying don't doubt don't fear only believe. Now, it's a struggle. It's a fight. He said, "That's all right." His heart started beating back normal again. As long as Jesus said, "Only believe." That settled it with him. He knowed he was a believer. Straightened up, swallowed a few times, got his heart back in the right place, started walking on. Jesus said, "Didn't I say if you'd believe, you see the glory of God?" That's right. So, he goes to Jiraas's house, and you all know the story, most of you, and everybody's crying and just weeping and wailing and just having a having a time. And Jesus walks up to this little girl that's inbalmed and says, "Don't fear. She's only sleeping." And everybody be to mock and laugh and think he was crazy. And he put all that unbelief out. And he put them all out. Peter, James and John was there and he and the parents brother said he was with a brokenhearted parents and he takes her by the hand says made arise and her spirit came again and she arose straightway and he commanded to give her meat. The prophet of God said that he told her he told them to give her something to eat because she needed to get the blood going again. So remember the blood is made by the food that we eat. So, a supernatural situation happened there. And because she's still feeling a bit weak coming to herself, Jesus said, "Give her something to eat." An absolute miracle. I guarantee you, Jesus was no secret believer after that. Let God really do something for you. You're not going to be a secret believer anymore. Come on. Once you're with him, you can never be the same. God understands a broken heart. You know, G, he died from a broken heart. Jesus died from a broken heart. So much sorrow that his blood separated. You think about Mary, his naturally speaking, looking up at Jesus on the cross. Imagine what her heart felt. Remember whenever when Jesus when they took Jesus to the temple for the circumcision, Simeon prophesied and told her, "A sword will pierce through your own soul also." But do you know even in her broken heart, sin, you know, she she raised him, she took care of him when he got hurt, she was there for him. And yet she had to see Jesus get crucified. Not just die, but get crucified. The most horrible death laying hanging naked there on the tree. But do you know after Pentecost, Mary's heart was healed. She then understood why that had to happen. She had a broken heart for all them days, you know, for three days. She had a broken heart. She was carrying a burden. But when she seen her Lord and Savior, it wasn't her son. It was her Lord, her God, her Savior. And on the day of Pentecost, when she busted out of that upper room speaking in tongues and staggering and full of the Holy Ghost, you bet her heart was healed. He said, Brother Ram says, "Look at how beautiful my look at this. Christ among the sad and brokenhearted." That's where he goes amongst those that are sad and brokenhearted. They are were going along in the darkest hour they had ever seen. All their hopes were gone. They had been put out of the church, the synagogues, because they believed on him. And now he who they had trusted in was dead. And some women had come with a little story about some vision. They had seen some angels tell his disciples he would meet them in Galilee. They couldn't believe that. They were brokenhearted and sad crying. And there the lovely Jesus appears among the brokenhearted. Cleopus and his friends were so brokenhearted they couldn't they couldn't recognize Jesus. Don't let your broken heart and anguish of the trial that you're going through blind you from who's walking with you and who's talking with you. Trials can do that. You get in in a trial that's so heavy you feel like your eagle eyes are getting filmed over and you don't recognize that he has never left you because he's promised he would never leave you remember that dream that really famous dream about the footprints in the sand and that man whenever you know he asked God why is it I you know there were always two he was walking with Jesus along the the the shore and two sets of footprints and it was just it was wonderful being in the presence of Jesus. But then it just seemed like why did you disappear when I hit my hardest trial when I had my broken hearts? Every time in my life and I look back and my heart got broken here and my heart got broken here and my got my heart got broken here. There was just one set. Where'd you go? And God spoke back to him and said it was then that I was carrying you. See how that changes the focus instead of the victim mentality. God, why'd you leave me? He's never left you. He's carrying you. He will. He promised he would never leave you or he'd never forsake you. So, if you're here tonight with a broken heart in a hard trial of your life, let him carry you. Right. Have you ever tried to pick up a sizable child that you could hold, but at it was right at that age where if he didn't want to be held and you're trying to pick him up and he's trying to climb out of your arms and he don't want to be held, it's a struggle. So if if if God is trying to carry you and you think you can do it on your own and you can do it in your own will and let him carry you. Be like John. relax on his on his chest there. Quit climbing down out of your arms, out of his arms. There's parts of our lives here on the earth that are meant for only one set of footprints. There's times, Sister Cassie, he wants to carry you. Thank you, Lord. We need him to carry us. Amen. Amen. When you can't even whenever you're you're so broken or you're going through something, you can't even begin to express it in words. That's right. Have y'all ever gotten to a point like that? Where you feel so hurt or so broken or or something might have happened, you can't even hardly put a prayer into words. It is in them moments when God still knows how you feel. Amen. It's in them moments that he wants to hold you. When you're like, "God, I don't even know what to pray. I'm hurt and I'm broken and I don't know what to put into words, but you comfort me." He'll be there for you. The prophet of God went through some heartbreak in the life story. He's he's he's in prayer and he says, 'Oh God, have mercy. I just think back across the streaks of tears and heartaches and troubles, oh father, and I'm ashamed of all my life. Why didn't I know you before? And I've tried with all my heart, dear Jesus, to live for you, to do the thing, no matter what this cross is or how scornful it seems to be. He says, "I love you, dear Jesus." He said, 'You've broken my heart over and over. I thought God was a God of love. He is. He wants to express himself to you as such. He wants to express himself to you as a comforter. He said, "You've broken my heart over and over, but I love you for it." Can you testify that even though your heart's been broken and God has allowed you to come through things, you would not be who you are today if it would not have been for the heartbreaks you've experienced. It's not Paul said, I I you know, I um the sufferings of this present world, I reckon that the sufferings of this present world are not even worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed. We think the trials are hard on us and they are. But God's after something. He's trying to to get that sweet smelling savor. And when you start smelling like him and you you begin and we begin to to portray the spirit of Christ, then that begins to please him. When we begin to display despite our broken heart, we begin to display perfect faith and say, "God, I don't care what happens. This this is breaking my heart. this situation, this battle I'm going through is breaking my heart. But despite of all that, you've allowed it to come my way, and I still love you. In Psalm 42, as we begin to close, as the heart panteth after the waterbrooks, so pantth my soul after thee, oh God. My soul thirsteth for God, for the living God. When shall I come and appear before God? My tears have been my meat day and night. Heartbroke. While they continually say unto me, there's your critics. Where is thy God? If you're such a Christian, why are you going through this? They continually say, "Where is your God? Why haven't you gotten healed yet?" Why are you still in that trial? You must be a secret sinner. They don't realize that with every word they're saying, brother Ron, they're heaping condemnation on themselves. Verse four, when I remember these things, I pour out my soul in me, for I have gone with the multitude. I went with him to the house of God with a voice of joy and praise, with the multitude that kept holy day. Listen to this. Why art thou cast down, oh my soul? Hope thou in God, for I shall yet praise him for the help of his countenance. Oh my God, my soul is cast down within me. Therefore will I remember thee from the land of Jordan and of the Hermanites and from the hill miser deep calleth into the deep at the noise of thy water spouts. All thy waves and thy billows are gone over me. Yet the Lord will command his loving kindness in the daytime, and in the night his song shall be with me, and my prayer unto the God of my life. I will say unto God, my rock, why hast thou for me? Why go I mourning because of the oppression of the enemy? As with a sword in my bones, mine enemies reproach me, while they say daily unto me, where is thy God? And David says again and closes out with this. Why art thou cast down, oh my soul? And why art thou disquanted within me? Hope thou in God for I shall yet praise him who is the health of my continents and my God. Brokenness puts us in a position to be remolded. Thank you, Lord. When you feel like you can't go on anymore, you're then in a position for God to start putting his fingerprints on you. One day, God spoke to Jeremiah and said, "Go down to the potter's house." And Jeremiah, following the word of the Lord, goes down the potter's house and he's watching the potter. And the potter how he's breaking it down and he's remaking it. And God gives him a message to Israel from that event. That's right. How many events did the prophet of God go to and see, you know, a big metal workshop, all of a sudden see a great magnet go and pick up all the shavings, but some were bolted down. Michelangelo's statue. He was there examining the art and got a powerful sermon out of it. Amen. Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning. Let's stand to our feet. Amen. Psalm 126:5, "They that sew in tears shall reap in joy. Harvest time is coming." All the tears and all the prayers that you put in for your loved ones and for your healing. It's coming. Our healing is already paid for without money, without price. It costs him everything. But all he asks us to do is believe. And we believe. You remember when when brother Ram had that stomach condition, he would be confessing that he's healed while he was vomiting. That's why Christianity, God doesn't want cowards in his army. He wants rugged believers. The world could could look at us brothers and you sisters and be like, "Oh, you know, they they you know, who do they think they are? Oh, they're just, you know, they're not tough because they won't smoke." Or, you know, your your friends may try and give you peer pressures. Well, if you are tough and you are a man, you do this. It takes a thousand time percent of a man, I don't care how young you are, to stand there in the face of peer pressure and say, "I won't take my first puff." That's right. That's right. I won't take my first drink, sisters. I won't snip my hair. You stand there against the onslaught of the devil, and the ransomed of the Lord shall return and come to Zion with songs and everlasting joy upon their heads. and they shall obtain joy and gladness and sorrow and sighing shall flee away. That's a promise of the Lord. And God's here. If you have a broken heart and you're just going through the deepest, darkest trial, we've just looked through the scripture and went through multitudes of examples and it could have went on and on. You think of Job whenever his heart broke, he heard it that one of his children died or or his animals died. Then it got worse. Then it got worse and then it got worse. And then when he really needed comfort, his friends came and it got worse. They got harder. But one day, joy came for Job. In the midst of his trial, in the midst of his broken heart, Job had perfect faith. And I pray that the Lord Jesus Christ, if you're going, like I said, through the darkest trial, you've been you feel like God is not hearing your prayers, I want to encourage you to stay on the battle line. All right. Don't draw back. You stay there and you keep confessing. Sister Sue, you keep confessing every day. I am healed. He is my healer. Sister Wanda, every day he is your healer. Brother Ron, every day he is your healer. [Music] Brother Bill, he is your healer. Sister Teresa, he is your healer. Brother Davey, he is your healer. If you want peace, claim it and then fight for it. If you want joy, claim it and fight for it. If you want the baptism of the Holy Ghost, claim it and walk in it. It's here for you. The same faith in the same God will produce the same results. God bless you tonight. [Music] Pieces. You touch my heart and made it new. Oh now my whole life I surrender. Oh lay it down before the mener. Oh Lord I give my life to you. Love the S before I knew you has brought me near to where you [Music] are. Now I live to praise you. Whoever may I praise you. You're the healer of my heart. Oh, you are the healer. Oh, the healer of my heart. [Music] Oh, the maker and the God of all we are. Oh, I was the broken, vessel in your hand. You looked beyond the hurt and made me whole again. Healer of the broken. Oh healer of the broken pieces. You touched my heart and made it [Music] new. Oh now my whole life I surrender. Lay it down before the men. Oh Lord, I give my life to you. Oh, love that saw before I knew has brought me near to where you are. Oh, now I live to praise you. Forever may I praise you for you're the healer of my heart. Healer, oh healer of the broken [Music] pieces. You touch my heart and make me new. [Music] Pray now before the member Lord I give my life to you. Oh, love the song before I knew you has brought me near where you are. Oh, now I live to praise you. Ever may I praise you. You're the healer of my heart. Hallelujah. And pass me not. Oh gentle. Say oh. Oh, hear my heart. Oh, cry. Oh, wow. others. Thou art holy, oh, do not pass me by. [Music] I'm crying [Music] save. [Music] Oh, my heart. Oh [Music] Christ on others thou are called holy. Oh, do you do not pass me by? Well, every time I try to make it on my own. Oh, every time I try to stand and start to fall. Oh, all those lonely roads that I travel on. Oh, there was Jesus. [Music] Oh, with the life I built came crashing to the ground. Oh, with my friends I had nowhere to be found. Well, I couldn't see them, but I can see it now. Oh, there was [Music] Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, in the way, in the searching, in the healing and the hurting, like the blessing be in the broken pieces. [Music] every minute, every moment. Where I've been, where I'm going, even when I didn't know. Oh, could see. Oh, there was Jesus. Oh, for this man who needs amazing kind of [Applause] grace. For forgiveness at a price I couldn't [Music] pay. Well, I'm not perfect. So, I thank God every day. [Music] Oh, there was Jesus. Thank you, Jesus, for being there. [Music] Oh, in the way in the searching, in the healing and the hurting, like the blessing buried in the broken pieces. [Music] Every minute, every moment of where I'm where I'm going. Even when I didn't know it. Oh, there was [Music] Jesus. Hallelujah. Oh, there was Jesus. Oh, in the waiting, in the search, in the healing and the hurting, like a blessing buried in the broken pieces. is every day, every moment of where I've been and where I'm [Music] going. I couldn't see it. There was [Music] Jesus. And we exalt thee. We exalt thee. We exalt thee. [Music] Oh. Oh. We exalt thee. We exalt thee. Oh, we [Music] exalt. Oh Lord. Hallelujah. You know, in 2012, there was there's a story about a man that had painted this beautiful picture of Christ. And in 2012, there was a man that made an unauthorized restoration to this beautiful picture of Christ. After he got done with it, they began to call it the beast Jesus or the monkey Christ because he completely to their eyes disturbed the entire painting. Didn't even look the same. But from that time, that little bitty city, they held that piece of art in their home, in their hometown. And from then on, people begin to flock to that community to see that picture of Jesus. Over $50,000 a year of a little bitty hometown was paid in tickets just to get in there and see that that painting. Sometimes there will be people that are gathered around you. They may not look like that God put you back exactly the way he wants you, but the world is saying that God is the God of restoration. Aren't you thankful that when you go through the worst of it, he is the healer of the broken pieces? Amen. Why don't you give our Lord a hand clap of praise [Applause] tonight? My wonderful, Brother William. Absolutely wonderful. We'll just sing that song as we're dismissed today. Amen. God richly bless you as you go in the name of the Lord. We exalt [Music] thee. We exalt thee. Oh, we exalt thee, oh Lord. [Music]
