################################################################################
START OF FILE: 2025-08-10 - "There We Saw Giants" - Bro. Andrew Spencer on August 9th, 2025 - Andrew Spencer - Clean.txt
################################################################################

SERMON DETAILS
========================================
Date:    2025-08-10
Title:   "There We Saw Giants" - Bro. Andrew Spencer on August 9th, 2025
Speaker: Andrew Spencer
Church:  Full Gospel Lighthouse Tabernacle
Type:    Full Sermon
Language:English
URL:     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0KBnpKyqUJE
========================================

[Music] Heat. Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] Heat. Heat. [Music] How great is our God and all we See how great, how great is our God. Oh age to page, he stands. And time is in his hand beginning and the end beginning at the end. Oh God, [Music] the lighting. Oh, light in the rain. How great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God? Ain't going to see how great, how great is our God. Oh, he's the name above all name. And he is worthy of our praise. in my heart will see how great is our God. Yes, he's a name above all name. He is worthy of our praise. Oh my heart will sing. How great is our God. Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and going to see how great how great is our God. The whole land of sea display [Music] reveal. [Music] Oh, how great is our God. Oh, sing with me. How great is our God and all see how great, how great. One more time. Oh, how great is our God. Same with me. How great is our God and don't see how great how great is our God. &gt;&gt; Amen. Just give him praise this evening. He's so worthy. So worthy of praise, honor, and glory. Amen. Amen. Amen. Good to be in the house of the Lord this evening, isn't it? &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's sing a song. Let the worshippers arise. Oh father, I see that you are drawing ly in the sand. I want to be standing on your side. Oh, holding your hand. So let your kingom come. Let him live in me to sing my pray. And father I see that you draw me alive. I want to be standing on your side for holding your hand. to let your kingom come. Let him live in me. This is my pray. Oh, this is my plea. Let the worippers arrive. Oh yes. [Music] Let the sons and the daughters hear. [Music] Oh, I surrender my own. [Music] Oh, I surrender to the king. Let the worshippers arrive. Let the worshipers arrive. [Music] Let the sons and the daughters see me. Oh yeah. Oh, I surrendering my own. [Music] Oh yeah. Oh, I surrender to the king. And father my growing life. Oh the song of your redeemed as the saints of reination who are awaiting me to sing. And from my hearts the command. Oh hear the praises r your soul. [Music] the song to our king. Let the worippers arrive. Oh, just worship him this evening. Let the suns Oh yes. Oh, I surreners [Music] [Music] around. [Music] Let the suns in [Music] your bra. [Music] [Music] Amen. You surrender it all to him this evening. Let's sing a song. I sing praises to your name, oh Lord. I sing praises to your name. I sing praises to your name. Oh Lord, praises to your name. Oh, for your name is great and great to do. We praise. [Music] I sing praising. Oh, I sing praising to your name. Oh, praise his name. Oh, [Music] for your name is great. Oh, and great to be singing praises again. I sing praises. Oh, and I sing praise to your name. Oh Lord, all praise to your name. Oh Lord. Oh for your name is great. Oh and great be true. Oh I give glory. [Applause] [Music] Oh and I give gloryy to your name. Oh Lord, oh glory to your name. [Music] Oh for your name is great. Oh and great. Oh can we just sing that one more time? I give glory to your name. [Music] Oh, and I give gloryy to your name. Oh, we magnify you, Lord. Oh, how great you are. Oh, glory to your name, [Music] oh Lord. Oh, for your day is great and great. [Music] I trust in God. [Music] Blessed. Jesus is mine. He's been the fourth man in the fire time after time. Oh, born of his spirit, washed in his blood. [Music] And what he did for me for Calary. [Music] Oh, I trust in God. Oh my god, the one who will never f [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Applause] [Music] I trust in God. Oh my savior, [Music] the Lord will never fail. [Music] Perfect summation. All these [Music] I know the tomorrow. [Music] Oh, so this is my story. Oh, this is my song. Praising my father. [Music] I trust in God. You're my SP. [Music] You will never [Music] Oh, I trust in God. Oh, I trust in God. Oh my go. [Music] I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. That's why I trust him. That's why I trust him. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answer. I saw the Lord and he heard and he answered. I sought the Lord and he heard and he answer. That's why I trust him. That's why I sought the Lord and he heard and he answered. I saw the Lord and he heard and he answered. I saw the Lord and he heard and he answered that's why I trusted that's why I trust in God. Oh my savior who will [Music] never [Music] trust in God whom my savior Angel [Music] who will never [Music] you will never fail. [Music] Amen. And I trust in him this evening because I know when I call upon him, &gt;&gt; he's going to turn his ear &gt;&gt; and he's going to answer. Might not be when I want him to, but he's always on time. &gt;&gt; Amen. So good to be in here in the house of the Lord. Let's go to the prayer request this evening. Want to remember each and every one of our elderly that has requested prayer. want to ask that uh we're a member of prayer for the ones that's dealing with cancer, fighting that battle. Our pastor, brother Ron, Sister Teresa Delaney, Sister Wanda Hinkle, Brother Jeff Breeden. So, just be remembering each and every one of them. Please remember Shirley Williams in your prayers. She had surgery this past week and there were se some complications and she is in a lot of pain. Thank you, Sister Jamie Turner. How many would have an unspoken request say, "Lord, just pass by my way this evening." I'm ask brother William if he would just come lead us to the throne of grace this evening. Amen. Let's bow our heads and our hearts to our Lord and Savior. Dear gracious, kind heavenly father, Lord, it's just with humble hearts, Lord, that we come before you in prayer. Lord, we thank you for being so good to us, Lord. And we thank you for your love, your grace, and your mercy. Lord, we thank you, Father, that you have all things under control, Lord. And many times, Lord, as we go through life, Father, Lord, you're a friend, as your word says, that stickketh closer than a brother. Lord, we thank you, Lord, that before we even have a thought in our mind, Lord, before we even speak a word, Lord, you know what that's going to be because nothing's ever taken you by surprise. And Lord, you heard each and every request, Lord, that was read. Father God, there's many storms in lives, Lord. And we all have needs, Lord. And because that's what you made us to be as a needy people. But Father, we want to turn our attention, Lord Jesus, to to you, the answer to every single one of them needs. Lord, as brother Matthew said, Lord, it may not come in how we want it or the timing of it, but Father, we just ask that you give us patience and grace to wait. Lord, Job didn't understand why he was going through what he was going through. But he was able, oh God, with a revelation from you to stand and say that he knows that his redeemer liveth. Father God, we can stand with the same testimony and say that I know that my redeemer liveth. I know that my redeemer took stripes on his back for me. I know that he died, Father God. I know that he was nailed to a tree for my justification. I know that he went to hell for my sins. But oh God, we know that you raised from the dead. Mighty conqueror, Father God, and nothing could stand before your presence. How we hear, Father, so many situations come before the prophet in the prayer lines. And not one situation was able to stand before faith in the same living God. Father God, there's nothing new under the sun. There's no new fight, Lord, that we're fighting that hasn't already been fought before by other believers. But, oh God, we serve the same God that delivered, Father God, all of your children. And you are the same yesterday, today, and forever. So, we take the same faith of Jesus Christ. Not just faith in Jesus Christ, but we take the faith of Jesus Christ. We apply it to every request and every need that we have in our lives. We give it to you and knowing that you're going to do exactly what you promised to do. For there's one thing you cannot do and that's fail. You cannot lie and fail. Father, we believe you with all of our hearts. We ask your blessings over this service. Bless brother Andrew. We thank you for giving them traveling mercies. We just pray that you restore their strength. Bless them now, Lord, as he delivers the word, Lord. May you just open up our hearts. May we receive, Lord, and pull on your gift this evening. Bless the tithe and offering, Lord. bless all those that will hear this service by way of the internet. May you please visit all the sick and needy. In Jesus Christ's name we pray and ask all these things. Amen. Amen. At this time, we're going to receive this evening's offering. You give us God's bless. We're going to have brother Chester come sing for us this evening. We'll have brother Jordan come sing for us. Let's sing One of them. I'm one of them. Aren't you glad that you can say you're one of them this evening? Well, I'm one of thee. Well, I'm one of thee. Oh, I'm so glad that I can't say I'm one of thee. Well, I'm one of thee, but I'm one of thee. [Music] Oh, I'm so glad that I can say I want to be here. Oh, there are people on most everywhere whose hearts are all the flame with the fire that fell at strings that made them clean. It is burning now in my heart. Glory to his name. I'm so glad I can say I want to be. Well, I'm one of thee. Well, I'm one of thee. Oh, well, I'm so glad that I can say I want to be. Well, I'm one of thee. Well, I'm one of thee. [Music] Well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of the Oh, they were together in the praise in his name. Oh, they were baptized with the Holy Ghost and powerful service came. Now, what he did for that day, he will do for you the same. Well, I'm so glad. Oh, won't you tell yourself you're glad of that? Well, I'm one of thee. Well, I'm a one of thee. Oh, well, I'm so glad that I can say I'm one of thee. Well, I'm one of thee. Well, I'm one of thee. Oh, well, I'm so glad that I can say I want to be. [Music] God bless you. Be seated. [Music] Come we that love the Lord and let our joys be known. Join in a song with sweet accord. Join in a song with sweet accord and thus surround the throne. And thus surround the throne. We're marching to Zion. Beautiful, beautiful Zion. marching upward to Zion, the beautiful city of God. Let those who refuse to sing, who never knew our God, but children of the heavenly king, but children of the heavenly king. may speak their sounding joys abroad. May speak their sounding joys. We're marching to Zion. Oh, beautiful, beautiful Zion. We're marching upward to Zion. The beautiful city of God. The hill of Zion yields a thousand sacred sweets. Before we reach the heavenly fields. Before we reach the heavenly fields or walk the golden streets or walk the golden streets. Oh, we're marching to Zion. Beautiful, beautiful Zion. We're marching upward to Zion, the beautiful city of God. Then let our songs abound and every tear be dry. We're marching through Emmanuel's ground. We're maring through Emmanuel's ground to fair. We're world on high to fair world on high. We're maring to Zion. Beautiful, beautiful Zion. We're marching upward to Zion, the beautiful city of God. Then let our songs abound and every tear be dry. We're marching through Emmanuel's ground. We're marching through Emmanuel's ground to fairer worlds on high to fair world on high. We're maring to Zion. Beautiful, beautiful Zion. We're marching upward to Zion, the beautiful city of God. We're marching. Yes, we're maring to beautiful, beautiful Zion. We're marching upward to Zion, the beautiful city of God. [Music] [Applause] [Music] You don't answer all my questions, but you hear me when I speak. You don't keep my heart from breaking. But when it does, you weep with me. You're so close that I can feel you when I've lost the words to pray. Though my eyes have never seen you, I've seen enough to say, I know that you are good. I know that you are kind. I know that you are so much more than what I leave behind. I know that I am loved. I know that I am safe. Cuz even in the fire, to live is Christ, to die is gain. I know that you are good. I don't understand the sorrow, but you're calm within the storm. Sometimes this weight is overwhelming, but I don't carry it alone. You're still close when I can't feel you. I don't have to be afraid. And though my eyes have never seen you, I've seen enough to say, I know that you are good. I know that you are kind. I know that you are so much more than what I leave behind. I know that I am loved. I know that I am safe. Cuz even in the fire to live is Christ, to die is gain. I know that you are good. Oh, [Music] on my darkest day from my deepest pain. Through it all, my heart will choose to sing your praise. on my darkest day. From my deepest pain, through it all, my heart will choose to sing your praise. [Music] On my darkest day, from my deepest pain, through it all, my heart will choose to sing your praise. I know that you are good. I know that you are kind. [Music] I know that you are so much more than what I leave behind. I know that I am loved. I know that I am safe. Cuz even in the fire to live is Christ. To die is gain. I know that you are good. Yeah. I know that you are good. Yeah. [Music] I know that you are good. Amen. We serve a good God, don't we? &gt;&gt; Amen. Let's stand. Let's sing a song. Said I wasn't going to tell nobody, but I couldn't keep it to myself. When the Lord gets a hold of your life, whether you say something or not, it's going to show. Amen. Listen. Said I wasn't going to tell nobody. But I couldn't keep it to myself. I couldn't keep it to myself. I couldn't keep it to myself. said I wouldn't go tell nobody but I couldn't keep it to myself what the Lord has done for me. Well, you ought to have been there when he saved my soul. Will you ought been there when he put my name on the road? I started walking. I started talking. I started singing. I started shouting about what the Lord has done for me. Oh, said I was going to testify, but I I couldn't keep it to myself. I couldn't keep it to myself. I couldn't keep it to myself. said I would go testify, but I I couldn't keep it to myself. But the Lord has done for me. Well, you are the save my soul. Well, you are the put my name on the road. I started walking. I started talking. I started singing. I started shouting about what the Lord has done for me. [Music] Oh, said I wasn't going to shout. Sure. But I I couldn't keep it. Oh, I couldn't keep it to myself. I couldn't keep it to myself. said I would go shout the joy that I I couldn't keep it to myself. Oh, you ought to be there. Well, you ought to prepare when you save my soul. Well, you ought to be there. I saw my name over. I started walking. I started talking. I started singing. I started shouting about what the Lord Oh, you ought to be there. Well, you ought to been there. You save my soul. Will you ought to be there? When I saw my name on the road, I started walking. I started talking. I started sing. I started shouting about one. One last thing I said I wasn't. I said I was going to tell no old nobody but I couldn't keep it. Oh, when the Lord gets a hold of you, you can't. I couldn't keep it to myself. Said I wasn't going to tell nobody but I couldn't keep it to myself what the Lord has done for me. Well, you ought to have been Well, you ought to have been there, brother Andrew. [Music] When I saw my name on the road, I started walking. I started talking, I started singing, and I started shouting about what the Lord had done for me. Has the Lord done something for you? &gt;&gt; Amen. It's good to be in the house of the Lord, isn't it, this evening? Amen. If you have your Bibles tonight, we'd like to look over in the book of 2 Corinthians, chapter 4, Numbers chapter 13. It's good to be back home uh with the believers. We we had just an absolute wonderful time with the believers there at Cloverdale and and uh you know it's kind of like it's kind of like eating steak or at a Mexican restaurant and you'd say that was the best steak you ever had in your life or because it was the last steak you ever had and uh I would say that's one of the best meetings that we've ever had and u not because it was the last ones it was just it was just so intimate and such in a very special way that you begin to see the Lord move and just so grateful and it was a real honor to preach alongside my my brother and my dad and and the Lord used them in a specific way and just we we have great friends there and the church there loves Full Gospel Lighthouse and they they they know you by name. They may not they may not know everything about you but they know where you sit at and they know when you miss church and they know they it's amazing. It's amazing. You know, you go across the world and people just people just know you because of because you worship you worship the same God. You live the same message and you love the same Lord Jesus Christ as they do. And and we have such a wonderful family all over the world. And my it's it's an honor. It's an honor to be a part of the bride of Jesus Christ, isn't it? Amen. I think we have some of uh Sister Dorothy's family, Sister Dorothy Mccclard's family here with us. God God bless you. We thank you for being here tonight. Amen. God richly bless you. Amen. If you have your Bibles, we just, as we said, we'd like to look at 2 Corinthians chapter 4 and verse 18. I'd like to just take a thought uh this evening on on there. We saw giants. And I I ministered just a little bit on this thought uh while I was there in Canada. And if you if you did catch that, don't cancel me out because you heard you heard some of those sayings. You'll just know where to amen at. Uh, but this is completely in my mind it's completely different for Full Gospel Lighthouse. But I want to minister something to you in the next coming weeks and and I need I need to lay this groundwork in there to be able to minister uh on those things. Amen. How many has a need you like just make known unto the Lord? Amen. God richly bless you. I pray God blesses you tonight in a special way and teaches teaches you and touches you and ministers to you in a very specific way. Let's just go and talk to the author of the book before we read it this evening. Heavenly Father, we come before you, Father, in a very special way. Lord, we we just want to humble ourselves before you, Father, here in this intimate room, Lord, where you have dealt with us, Lord. It's kind of like coming into a bed chamber of two lovers, Lord Jesus. We we realize, Lord, that your sacred presence has gone before us. You've prepared all the things, Lord Jesus, for us so that we could come into this place of destiny, Lord, to worship you, Lord, to honor you and give praise unto you, Father. We pray, God, that tonight that you would just move amongst us in a special way, that you would just drive back fear and and all of the things that would hinder us from moving into the promises of God. We count it an honor, Lord, to to read your word, Father. And we realize that when we read your word, we are looking at a vision in word form. And we pray that you would make yourself known amongst us tonight in a specific way. We love you so much and ask God that you move upon the hearts of these believers tonight that have lifted up their hands. They have needs Lord only you can meet. And we ask, Father, that you would make yourself known amongst us in a specific way. And may you receive all the glory and honor and praise in Jesus name. Amen. And amen. 2 Corinthians chapter 4 verse 18 says that while we look not at the things which are seen but at the things which are not seen for the things which are seen are temporal but the things which are not seen are eternal. Numbers chapter 13 and verse 25. And they returned from searching of the land after 40 days. And they went and came to Moses and to Aaron and to all the congregation of the children in Israel under the wilderness of Piran to Cadesh and brought back word unto them and unto the all the congregation and showed them the fruit of the land. And they told him and said, We came into the land whether thou sinnest, and surely it flowth with milk and honey, and this is the fruit of it. Nevertheless, the people be strong that dwell in the land, and the cities are walled and very great. And moreover, we saw the children of Anch there. The Amlikites dwell in the land of the south, and the Hittites, and the Jebusites, and the Amorites dwell in the mountains, and the Canaanites dwell by the sea, and by the coast of Jordan. And Caleb stealed the people before Moses and said us said, "Let us go up at once and possess it, for we are well able to overcome it." But the men that went up with him said, "We be not able to go up against the people, for they are stronger than we." And when I was a young person, I I began to read that scripture and it meant so much to me to realize that you might be surrounded by people. And you might have you might have close friends that go go to church with you, but to realize that God has called you to be set aside for a purpose. And whether whether the crowd's with you or not, whether the whether the opposition is great, God has got a destiny. He's got a place. And it meant so much to me as a young person to read those things that there was there was one amongst the crowd. There was one amongst the crowd that said, "We be not they they they but the men that went up said, "We be not able to stand up or to be against the people for they're stronger than we." And they brought up an evil report of the land. Notice they brought it up. It was the crowd. It was the ones that that Caleb and Joshua was with, the friends, the the the the loved ones, the people they had fellowship and they'd worshiped with. They brought up an evil report which they had searched the under the children of Israel, and saying, "The land through which we have gone to search it is a land that eateth up the inhabitants thereof, and all the people that that we saw in it are men of great stature." And there we saw the giants, the son of Anch, which came which come of the giants, and we were in our own sight as grassho grasshoppers. And so we were in their sight. May God bless his word. You may be seated tonight in the presence of the Lord. And I'd like to just draw our context for this evening from that last verse, verse 33. And there we saw the giants, the son of Anch, which came of the giants, and we were in our sight as grasshoppers. And so we were in their sight. And I I believe that is the that is the epitome of fear in in in its in its entirety right there. That fear has the ability to be able to change how that you look at God's promises. It has the ability to change how that you look and how that other things look. And we realize it doesn't matter what church that you grow up in. It doesn't matter the community that you grow up in. It doesn't matter if you're under the message of the hour or even if you grow up in a church where where Moses is the is the pastor. It will show you right here in these scriptures that Satan will wage war on your mind. No matter no matter where you came from and no matter who what family you are that Satan will war wage war in your mind so fiercefully that the troubles and the obstacles and the giants that you face can actually twist your faith into unbelief and can actually steal your inheritance. Because when you begin to give more power to what is against you than to the one that is for you, you have already surrendered the victory before you ever entered into the battle. When you start giving into fear and you start giving into the mindset of the enemy, you begin to open up yourself unto evil spirits that will make you think that the things that you are facing is greater than the god that is on the inside of you. Brother man said in in in Speak to the Rock, he said the devil hasn't got one legal right at all. Nowhere. He's just a devil and a password. That's all. He hasn't got no legal right to any man that'll accept the promises of Jesus Christ. He's whipped. Yes, sir. He is whipped in sickness. He is whipped in disappointments. He is whipped in everything. He is whipped in death. He can't scare me. He can't scare you. That's all that he is. Is a big old shadow. And I would like to say this to you as we move forward into this that if you have battles in front of you and if you have things that are there or giants that are in front of you, I want you to know that you can dismiss the devil by simply accepting what God said in his word by taking faith and putting it into action. And the Bible said that faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God. And the reason why these brothers, these 10 brothers had lost the faith is that they had got themselves away from listening to the word or listening to the message of the hour and they had not taken the message and put it into action. But when you take this message and you put it into action, you might see obstacles, you might see giants, you might see walls in front of you, but the God that is on the inside of you is greater than the giant that is in front of you. Now, brother man said in God commissioning Moses. Now, Joseph, Joshua, and Caleb when they went over, he said, "I like that thought there." He said, "When they come over the 10 that came back and said, "Oh, we look like grasshoppers up the side of them." And Joshua and Caleb said, "We can do it." That's right. Why? Because God promised that we could do it. God said that we could do it. God promised our fathers that we that that we was going to that was our land and that belongs to us. No matter if they got themselves walled cities and they look like giants and everything else, he quit looking at giants and started looking at God's word. And that's what we've got to do in this hour. We've got to stop looking at the giants of Leosa. We've got to stop looking at the things that are in front of us and take God's word because this word has never failed. This word can never be conquered. This word will never be defeated. I believe it's a message that we can anchor our soul in this evening. And when and women when men and women quit looking at their sicknesses and their diseases and start looking to what God said about it, you'll take over. Do you realize that if there is a giant in your way, it's because there's a blessing there where the giant is standing at. If you could stop looking at the disease and start looking at God's promise, the reason why the giant is on that specific ground is because that is where your victory is at &gt;&gt; and start looking to what God said about it, you'll take over. All things are subject to Jesus Christ. All things are subject to you in prayer. When you ask in his name and believe it, ask what you will in my name and it shall be done. That's right. Whatsoever things you desire when you pray, believe it, you shall receive it, and you shall have it. &gt;&gt; Now, that's the power of prayer is that it moves the giant out of the way, and you get everything you have need of by prayer. Prayer simply changes what is in front of you and puts it behind you and places God's promises. Hallelujah. Stop looking at the things that you're looking at here and look at the unseen. God said we could do it. &gt;&gt; I love what brother Mhamm said about Joshua is that Joshua seen the same thing that Caleb seen. The reason why he could see the same thing that Caleb was seeing was because they was born that way. They were born from above. You see, now notice these 10 spies that was walking with Joshua and Caleb, they was made out of the same pot ash, the same calcium, and and all the elements that had made up their bodies. But the major difference between them and Caleb and Joshua is that Caleb and Joshua had a destiny to go under victory. They had been lifted up to look into a heavenly high eyesight to be able to see what God's promises was instead of looking at at the giants that was in front of them. I want to say this before I really get into my context is that faith does not deny giants. But faith defies giants. Faith will defy it. It doesn't say that the walls ain't fair. It doesn't say that giants aren't real. It doesn't say the cancer ain't real. It doesn't say the anxiety and the problems of Leoya ain't real. But your faith defies it and said, "I defy you and every foe and every every ability that that giant has." &gt;&gt; Faith cripples your giants. &gt;&gt; I feel like preaching tonight. There was a difference between the two was because they was operating by headship. that was leading them. Hallelujah. It was leading them to a destiny. &gt;&gt; I love what the scripture says in Exodus 23 and 20 that behold I will send my angel before thee to bring thee into the place which I have prepared. I want to say this to you that there is a place that is prepared for the believer. It doesn't matter what state that you're in. It doesn't matter the level that you are as a Christian, there is a prepared destiny that is in front of you. You see, when you look at the when you look at the believers and they're walking down the road of Emmas and they're going down there and they're doubting and they're fearing. But what Satan does not realize is that those brothers that was walking with Jesus had a designation that before Jesus was ever hung on a cross, they had a designation to see him in the resurrection. &gt;&gt; I wonder if we could just change our vision just for a minute to look at the future. things would be completely different tonight if you would begin to look at things in the future instead of the present. If if we could just change the disciples view for a minute that the things that you are seeing are simply temporal, but the things that you are not seeing are eternal. But what you see right now is Jesus being crucified and Jesus being whipped. But if we can look at the future, we see the Holy Spirit being birthed into 120 vessels. &gt;&gt; What would happen if you acted from your future instead of your past or your present? What would transpire in your own home life if you started acting like you are already in heaven? If you are already operating by victory, if you are already overcoming. If you started operating from your future destiny. Hallelujah. Instead of your current status. &gt;&gt; How many ever been to a spot where you didn't have two nickels to rub together? I've been there. I've been $300 from losing everything within my name. A few times in my life, I had been to a spot where I thought I was going to lose everything. But in that moment, I never started talking like I was broke. I didn't talk like I didn't I wasn't going to make it. I didn't talk like I was going to lose my home. I didn't talk like I was going to lose my business. I spoke from a spot of victory. I had $300 left to my name. But I said, I'm busier than ever. I've got the victory. My business is growing. What if you started talking and started looking and started possessing instead of the part? Hallelujah. &gt;&gt; Instead of where you're living at in the moment. &gt;&gt; What are you saying, brother Andrew? I'm saying you're going to see some giants. I'm saying in your marriage, there's going to be some giants on your job. There's going to be some giants in your health. There's going to be some giants. But I say this by the word of the Lord that faith conquers every giant. &gt;&gt; There is a place prepared for me. Look at your neighbor and say, "There is a place prepared for me." Now Jesus said in John 14 that if I go I will prepare a place for you that where I am there you may be also. Now you cannot talk me out of this verse three where he says if I go and prepare a place unto you that I will come again. Now, you can't talk me out of this because I really believe this with all of my heart that this is the Lord's coming. That I have prepared a place for you and I will come again in the brightcoming of Jesus Christ. I have come again to take you to the place that I prepared. &gt;&gt; What are you saying? I'm saying this message is your ticket. I'm saying this message is your token. I'm saying this message is your absolute to take you to the place that God has destined for you. If you started living like you was walking on streets of glory. If you started living like you was already in the battle and the battle was over and you had the crown. &gt;&gt; Let me say this before you can ever live in that position. It's a beautiful place to live at. It's a beautiful place to live at. A place of milk and honey. A place of victory. A place where Israel does not lose a battle until sin slips in. A place a place where you don't know what it's like to be sick. A place where you do not know where you do not know what it's like to be tempted and to fall. A place. A place. Now you sound like, brother Andrew, you sound like you're talking about some figment of imagination. And you sound like you're talking about a fairy tale that that cannot happen. No, I'm absolutely not talking about some fairy tale. But I say this unto you that Jesus said in Isaiah 26 and3 that I will keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on me. I say if you can live in the heavenlies, it doesn't minimize what you're going through. It doesn't minimize cancer. It doesn't minimize the troubles. It doesn't minimize anxiety. But the place that you're living, &gt;&gt; that place, that place, that destiny, that position is what Satan is trying to keep you from. &gt;&gt; Well, I still got this sticky nature. No kidding. I still have problems on my job. No kidding. But those things, like Paul said, none of them move me. Shipwreck don't move me. Cancer don't move me. Troubles don't move me. Sickness don't move me. Why? Because I'm not living. &gt;&gt; Am I the only one that has that kind of mindset? &gt;&gt; Am I the only one that knows what it's like to live in a position where nothing can harm you? &gt;&gt; I don't know about that, Brother Andrew. I know everything about it because it ain't my mindset. &gt;&gt; It's his. Well, Peter's a cussing preacher, but not in God's mind. He saw him as one of the lead disciples. Jonah was in a whale's belly, but not in God's mind. Daniel was praying for 21 days, but not in God's mind. David was facing giants, but not in God's mind. Wanda was facing cancer, but not in God's mind. You was facing back problems, but not in God's mind. &gt;&gt; Well, what are you saying? I'm saying if you're ever going to conquer a giant, you got to have the mindset of a warrior. &gt;&gt; Oh, goodness. I thought I was going to come back and have a conviction here, but instead we start talking about our problems. Now, this is the picture that I'm painting to you. I have painted you a picture where you really don't know whether you can amen this or not. Some of you are scared to death to say amen to that because you know as soon as you walk out of this building, trouble is going to meet you. Rejection is going to meet you. Family problems that you cannot restore are going to meet you. Troubles are going to face you. &gt;&gt; And you really don't know whether you can say amen to this or not because you still got giants. I want to say there is a place. There is a place my help me Jesus. You see, let me let me just paint the picture of you wearing a crown of victory. Let me paint the picture of you wearing the banner of the first one to finish a race. Let me paint the picture of the one that has a title of champion of champions and he slips it over on you. Let me paint the picture of a God that has slipped on your hands, the unmarited wedding band of grace. Let me paint the picture to you that you have got giants, but there is a place. And that place is where we want to get to that place. Because to be honest, Satan can whip us all around every other place. Satan can whip us around our emotions. Satan can whip us around our feelings. Satan can whip us on what we feel. But he cannot whip us in this place. And that is the place that is the place that I want to get to. That is the place where I want to live at. That is the place the place of my destiny. And Jesus said unto Moses, there is a place by me. Now, Satan is going to do everything within his power to keep you from there. There there we saw giants. And I want you to when you read that, I want you to put the emphasis. You cannot read the Bible like a newspaper. We just flip over it. Just read on. There's a lot of people that can read the Bible. There was a man that read the Bible in the message in 8 hours, but I highly doubt that he retained everything that he read. You cannot read the Bible just like you read in Love magazine. You have got to read it between the lines because when Moses is writing this out in Numbers 13, it pains him to write out that his his constituents have come against him. They are turning against the very message that they have believed in. But there there there we saw giants. Now there we So it's more than just one of you that's saying cancer's real. It's more than one of you that's saying these giants are big. It's more than just it's more it's more than your feelings. It's it's it's a collaboration of people that are standing around you and say we saw them. But why there? There. Why did we see them there? Because this was the promised land. This was the place that God promised them that it was going to flow with milk and honey. This was their blessing &gt;&gt; there. But it was also their battlefield. This place that I'm talking about you living in in a place of victory is the place that God has destined for you. But there is where Satan wants to keep you from. There is a place of decision. There is where 10 people saw giants and they started retreating in fear and they started pulling back and saying the days of miracles has passed. That God doesn't give the Holy Ghost no more and that God is no longer living amongst his people. But there two rose up instead of retreating in fear and they responded in faith. Why did these giants show up there? &gt;&gt; They could have lived anywhere else. Them giants could have been outside their border and they never would have had to fear the God of the Israelites. But why does Satan like to get on your property? Because he wants to keep you from your victory. If I could say this, I know I got some of you scared, scared to death right now. You don't know whether to say amen or oh me. You are scared to death because you don't know where I'm going. But I want to show this to you. There is victory in front of you. No matter the giants that's in front of you. No matter the tuberculosis or the cancer or the fear or the anxiety or the rejection, &gt;&gt; there is victory. There is a place where you got to make up your mind whether you're going with God or whether you're going to listen to your family, you going to listen to your friends, you either going to retreat or you're going to rise up. You're going to live in fear or you're going to live in faith. You are going to either be a grasshopper or you're going to be a giant killer. You got a decision right now. How many is going to say like Caleb, we are more &gt;&gt; we are more than able. &gt;&gt; How many Calebs? &gt;&gt; How many Calebs &gt;&gt; are willing to say we are more than able? And brother Angel, I'm scared to death, but I'm not looking from my emotions. I'm not looking from my fear. I'm not looking from my position. I am looking through the revelation of God's word. &gt;&gt; It's amazing when you begin to study out Caleb's name. You begin to study out Joshua means Jehovah Savior. You begin to study out Dan. You begin to study out Reuben. And they have powerful meanings. But Caleb means a dog. A dog. A dog. A stinking low down dog. But God chooses a dog to show that he's bigger than giants. &gt;&gt; A dog. when others had powerful names, when others had a greater a greater stature, it's because God was going to raise up a bunch of gentile dogs to prove that they were gentile warriors. It doesn't matter what you call us. It doesn't matter where you try to send us to, but we before the foundation of the world was already seen in victory. Jesus stood there and was talking to a woman and said, "My gift was not sent unto you dogs." She tried to speak to him in the name of the son of David. She didn't have no claims on him as a gentile dog, as a son of David. But when she turned her attention and said, "But even so, my lord, the dogs get their crumbs from the master's table. Well, I might just be a dog, but I say one crumb. Want to put a flight a thousand and two 10,000. If I can get one crumb from the master's table, I know I receive my victory. &gt;&gt; You begin to study these giants. I have become fascinated on studying these things out these giants because everything has an origin except for God. Where did these giants come from? And the Bible said in Genesis chapter 6, there were giants in the land that looked on the sons of men and the daughters of men and they laid with him and there become to be men of great stature. Now we realize by the message that Adam was no giant. He was no giant. He was made in the very image of almighty God. But we realize that there was a certain affinity that laid when God was creating all the mammals of the earth. He created this serpent that was an upright beast in his nature. And brother Brandham said in the church age book, he said that Satan took advantage of the characteristics of the serpent. He said now he said in that time there could be an intermingling between a man and the animal. He said but God completely broke that. That's why science today is spending millions on top of millions trying to find that missing link. But I can take this KY's message. Hallelujah. And I can break down every bit of their walls of petition to try to say that we came from monkeys. I can look at a bunch of them and realize that they did come from monkeys. But where did these giants come from? This serpent, he was an upright beast that we know, and I'm not going to teach you complete serpency tonight, but we realize that he was a great stature of a being. And he had a certain affinity that he could come in and he could place his seed on the inside. He could borrow the body of this serpent and he could go in there and he could lay with Eve and Eve could produce a son by Cain. And many people don't realize that it was twins in the Bible. That it was Cain and Abel that was there, but one came from Cain. One came from the serpent, but one came from Adam. And when you study out the characteristics, you begin to see where these giants come from. Because when you start studying out the serpent's characteristics, you begin to trace him all the way back back to the Garden of Eden. When you start looking at Isaiah 14 and you start looking in there and you could see there he was hiding in Eden. Where did this booger come from? This is the one that worshiped Almighty God in the beginning. He got so close to God. He watched him create. He watched him manifest his glory. And this Lucifer wanted this power all to himself. But God said, "That's not for you. That's for another destiny." He longed for it. He wanted it. But he couldn't have it because God had it for you, Sister Devin. The thing that you have in your lips is greater than anything Lucifer will ever have. Brother Tom, when you get down and you pray, God blesses your ham biscuit and God blesses it. Turns that pork into heavenly Me and Brother Tom ain't real sure where the hand's going to be there or not, but we're sure hoping so. But when you bow on your knees and bless your fruit lips, fruit lips, fruit loops, you have more power than Satan will ever have. &gt;&gt; Welcome back. I know you miss me, but could you imagine that you have the ability by just giving thanksgiving over your meal is more than Olu ever had than old Slooh Foot ever had. The ability to create, he's never attained this ability and he's longing for it. and he starts moving his way into God's creation, trying to conquer this creation. But all he can ever do is pervert it. All he can ever do is try to stop it from growing. But God has a place, a place set up for you. And no matter what you come up against, no matter what you face, you have the ability to speak one name. and get out of trouble. Can you imagine your abilities that when you get in trouble on your job and when you get in trouble in the spiritual realm that all you have to do is whisper the name of Jesus and it gets you out of your problems. one name, one time, one whisper. But a whole band of Christian soldiers can come in against a demon of cancer and it can whisper. It can whisper to diabetes. It can whisper sugar. It can whisper blood pressure. And it can try to combine all of its power. But it never has the ability to break the stronghold of a Christian. When you study the word giant out in the scripture in the Hebrew it is nephel which means a tyrant. It means a faller. One that is a bully. One that causes to fall. And when you begin to watch the characteristics of the fall and you begin to watch the characteristics of Numbers 13, you will see that this bully in Genesis is the same bully that is in different bodies in Numbers 13 because Satan needs a body to move him. Notice we realize that that brother Mam comes in and shows us a heavenly view because Josephus begins to tell us that this was a fallen angel that fell on this one and created and they begin to lie in and press their self against human flesh and all of a sudden all of a sudden they come in there and they created they created these great big giants. But a prophet takes prophetic vision and goes back in there shows that it was complete serpent seed and it come from the offspring of Cain and all the way down. You see, it's important to note where these giants came from and where these giants started from. And it takes a prophetic vision to be able to trace it out and show where it started out. He came in this hour and he traced out where the Trinity started out. He traced where cancer started out. He traced that it started all the way back there in the nin council with the trinity and he began to come in there and he stand before a patient and said I see you've got this nervousness on you and he begins to trace it all the way back. I see you you was getting off a school bus and he was running away from a yellow dog and ever since that time you have been you have been afflicted with this nervousness. What was it? He was showing the origin of where these giants or where this demon came from. And brother Brandham said in Israel in the church, he said, "The greatest thing that I can find against the church tonight is fear." He said, "Everybody is scared to death about something. What are you scared about?" He said, "If a man's born again, he should be happy, carefree, just like these fellas singing up here and this brother testifying back there, just free." He said, "There ain't nothing can harm you, nothing present, nothing future, nothing can separate us from the love of God that is in Christ Jesus because God has promised it." You've got to remind yourself that God made you to be happy, that God made you to be free, that God made you to be in a position where you could have the Holy Ghost. You imagine, let me just let me paint it. And here is these 12. You study out 12. It's very powerful where God sends 12 because God when God sends out 12, it is his perfect government in a complete authority. And he sends out 12. And you can imagine they have worked their way from Cadesh to Bon all the way through the wilderness. and they're walking with the prophet. They are walking in step and they are discerning the Lord's body. They're moving their self way right into the rapture and complete communion. And here's 12 of the most powerful and precious sons of God. And they're back there and they're sunburnt. And they come out upon the very ridge of Canaan. And they start looking over top of Canaan. And they start seeing the lust valleys of Canaan. They start out in Cadesh, which is God's judgment seat, and they move over and they see the giants over there in Hebrin. And then they move over in the valley of Escal where they grab the clusters of grapes from, and they begin to move into the land. And they begin to move in there. And they started looking over the land. And they started hiding maybe behind some bushes. And they started looking, and they begin to see these great big old giants over there. Now the Bible when it talks about giants could refer to them anywhere from being 9 foot to 12t tall. When you look at the king of Og and Bashan, you begin to look at it. The Bible gives his his his his measurements on how big his bed is. It's a bed that's 13 1/2t 13 and 1/2t long, 9 foot wide. He's a big old giant of a man that lives inside of that bed. And here these 12 sunburnt sons of God are standing back there and they start walking and they start looking and they see great big old statures of a giant walking through the land. Let me remind you where they're walking. They're walking on Isaiah 53. They are walking on 1 John 4 and4. They are walking on Isaiah 54. They are walking They are walking over Malachi 4. They are walking over top of John 3:16 &gt;&gt; and they're walking on your inheritance. &gt;&gt; And you can imagine just a big old 9 foot n giant of a guy starts walking out. He starts making his way and they're hiding praying, "Dear God, don't let him see us." And one looks over at the other said, "Are we supposed to fight them? And all of a sudden they started whispering fear into their testimony. That moment, that moment right there was the moment they started seeing fear instead of opportunities. They started seeing giants instead of God's promises. They started seeing warriors instead of instead of looking back and seeing that he was a God that split the Red Sea. He was a god that rained down mana. He was a god that raised four and a half foot of quail that would stand there because a giant of fear was standing right in front of them. What were they looking through? They were looking through the eyes or the filter of a thinking man instead of God's word. You see, when you begin to put on Satan's glasses and you start looking through the filter of Satan, you begin to see you begin to see sickness instead of healing. You begin to see weakness instead of power. You begin to see battles instead of victories. &gt;&gt; But when you take it off, &gt;&gt; when you take off Satan's filter and you take off Satan's glasses, you begin to look and see, by his stripes, I am healed. You shall receive power after the Holy Ghost has come upon you. You begin to see. Thanks God. Thanks be to God. That gives us the victory. The giant didn't change. The world didn't change. The problems didn't change. &gt;&gt; Your vision did. You see, that's what I appreciate about the message of the hour is that it give us a heavenly eyesight to realize the place that we are destined to be in. You realize the place that God has destined for you is a place of an overcomer. that the very last thing he says to you in this church age is blessed is he that overcomemeth that I will grant to sit with him in my throne. There's a place brother man paints it out perfectly in in how to overcome. He begins to point out to overcome is to recognize the devil in every one of his tricks. It begins to paint it out on how we are to overcome. It's to keep life on the inside of us and that there is a position of a believer. And you're going to look through Ephesians 1 and Ephesians 2 and you can see the believer's position. You say, "Well, brother Andrew, I I don't I don't have that kind of a mindset like you." Let me say this. What voice are you listening to? Because you read in Numbers 13, and I'm not I I I I just want to follow this thought out just for a minute. You begin to look at that and they begin to talk from the giants's point of view. But you roll forward into Joshua chapter 2 and you start hearing the voice of an insider. You begin to hear Rahab's voice rise up and she begins to speak out and said, "We are all in a place of terror because of your God." Whose voice are you going to listen to? &gt;&gt; The devil's voice or God's voice? &gt;&gt; If God is telling you that you're not big enough and not strong enough and not able enough, it's because he's trying to keep you from a position. If he's trying to say you're going to die in cancer, he's trying to keep you from your victory. If he's going to say that you will never live to overcome it, he's trying to keep you from your mountain. Because Caleb had a destiny in front of him and there was nothing going to keep him from it. There was not a giant that was going to keep him from it. There was not a circumstance that was going to keep him from it. Leotil is not going to keep me from the rapture. I'm going &gt;&gt; whether you want to go, whether the devil wants me to go or not, I'm going &gt;&gt; because I was destined before the foundation of the world to go. &gt;&gt; Somebody sent me this very powerful sent me this this past week that you can buy steak from a butcher and it's $7. You can go to a supermarket and you can buy that same steak for $10. You can go you can go to your local restaurant and you can get that same steak for $25. Or you can go to a high-end restaurant and you can buy that same steak for $150. The only thing that changed was the location. &gt;&gt; The steak was the same. And if you are not seeing the value that you are in God's mind, you just need to get into another place. &gt;&gt; Come on, somebody. &gt;&gt; You're not poor in God's mind. You're not broke in God's wealth. You're not defeated in God's mind. &gt;&gt; You just need to change your dwelling place. There we saw giants. Let me just fast forward this for a minute. Where they saw him was in the place of promise. They saw him in the place where your prodals are coming home. In the place where cancer leaves your body. Where have these giants been? Now God had already promised to Abraham that his seed was going to sojourn the land and Satan was standing real close. And when he heard where that seed was going to be, Satan begin to inherit that land. But I love what brother Brandham says in the restoration of the bride tree that you have been given redemptive rights to enforce your God-given claim on the Holy Ghost and on your promises. That mothers, this is your place. That fathers, this is your place. The reason why there are giants there is because that is the greatest land. When you look at Joshua chapter 10 and you see where Joshua is fighting this battle against these k these 10 kings, the reason why they're fighting there is because this is the boundary of Dan. This is his land. This is the eagle anointing's boundary. And this is where giants. The most giants in the land today are against the message of the hour. I'll be honest with you, them giants ain't attacking. They ain't attacking that formalism. They ain't attacking that what you see on YouTube as true as what they call real worship. Men that look like men that look like they just broke out of jail. And they are the leading they are the leading Christian artist of this day. Satan ain't attacking them when they start singing their songs. Satan ain't attacking them the way they do and the way they worship. And I appreciate them, but I I I appreciate the gift. But really, that anointing that they're grabbing a hold of is your anointing. &gt;&gt; That's your anointing, young people. You can listen to them Christian music, and I want you to know that the anointing that they are running off of is a bride's anointing. And if they can get anointed in such a way to write songs and to sing and to praise God and to and to write motivationals and and to preach gospel like never, they are running off of our anointing. &gt;&gt; And if they can do that, &gt;&gt; now you're going to hear me preach without me say anything. If they can do that, &gt;&gt; if they can do that, what are you doing with your anointing? Come on, somebody. God didn't raise up Brandon Reed just to give him an anointing to write certain songs. He raised up this bride to grab a hold of a message anointing and run it and sing songs and to preach this message and get our prodals and heal the sick. [Applause] I watched the I watched the interview this weekend. It troubled me. You know, I'm sure you're all aware of the uh of the chosen series that they put out. And the man that plays Jesus is a Catholic in his background. And I'll be honest, I I really feel like they have captured some of the message of the hour in that. I'm not making a doctor out of that. I just I when you hear brother Brandham and you start Jesus discerning the woman at the well, you begin to look at that like, man, that's exactly what we've watched in this generation. When I watched this interview this week of I don't know his name, uh this Jesus, the guy that played Jesus, Jonathan Roomie, something like that. He has he's given this interview and he said there was a woman that came in there into the interview after he was after he was doing his thing and they they brought in a a woman and her daughter or child was was paralyzed and had a condition. She started talking about certain scenes in the chosen started talking about these things and she said, "I got to thinking, wouldn't it be neat? Wouldn't it be neat if he could do if you could do the same thing? if God could do the same thing right here for my little girl. And he had a right response. He said, "Well, I don't know what you're looking for." He said, "But as far as I know, I don't have that kind of gift." And he prayed with him. But it reminded me about when Billy Graham was over there overseas and the Muhammad tried to talk him down and said, "If your God is really God, then why don't he heal this and why don't he do that and why don't he do that?" Billy Graham ran back to the United States. Didn't have an answer for them. And William Brown stood. He said, "I can tell you this. I don't know what I'd done." He said, "But I would have stood there anyway and said, I know whether God will do it or not. I don't know whether he'll do it or not. But I do know this. I know he's more than able. I know he's still the same yesterday, today, and forever." I say this, the reason why the devil's trying to keep you off of this message is there. We saw giants. But if that is where we see them at, that is where we slay them at, that is where we kill them at, that is where we destroy them at, there we saw giants fall. There in this message, there in your prayer life, there in your worship, there right there. God bless you. Let's stand there. We saw giant Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Won't you love the Lord with all your heart? If fear is standing right there, that's your place of faith. If he I if if sickness is standing right there, that's your place of healing. right there. I want you to I want this to be real real to you because I'm going somewhere in the coming weeks is that God is wanting to borrow somebody that recognizes they're there. I I want you to realize where's my greatest battles at. I'm not going to whisper it because I just don't want to go there. But you know where your giants are. If you can ever recognize when the giant starts raising his head. Well, I'll just say it so nobody's not sitting around wondering why. My brother Andrew's got some real time. You watch. My giant is against worship. The giants attack the way I worship. They attack the way I praise. They attack the way I love. They attack the way I preach. I know where my giants are. You know where your giants are. Whether it's sin, maybe it's bitterness, maybe you deal with unforgiving spirits. All of a sudden, that giant rises up there, there there young people, you know what you face on Instagram, YouTube, and all those different things. Not even I'm not even trying to get there, but you know where that there is. But if that is where you are facing your giant, that's where your battle becomes your victory. Amen. &gt;&gt; If you can turn your there into a place of victory, [Music] &gt;&gt; I say it's some David's in this place. &gt;&gt; I say it's some Caleb's in this place. If you can turn your there into your victory, then God will receive the glory. No matter how bad you got to fight him, it might take you one day, it might take you two day, it might take you three day, but you going to whip them giants. When you start studying the book of Judges, I tell you, it's a powerful thing when you study it out because the Bible said that God left the giants in the land to teach them war. If you study it real closely, he says to prove Israel. Your giant is only here to prove what you really are. You realize that the giant of cancer stepped in to prove who brother Ron is? &gt;&gt; Do you realize that the giant of debt stepped into your life to try to conquer you to prove that God could prove who you really are? If you got debt, get ready. The giant of debt is getting ready to be your place of blessing. &gt;&gt; If you got fear, get ready to turn that giant over and see faith written underneath of his foot. Turn him over and watch your battle become your greatest testimony. [Music] &gt;&gt; I see you, Giant. I see you, Goliath. 9 foot n 200 lb of brass helmet 2 in thick. If Goliath only realized that he was getting ready to be David's greatest testimony, he'd have never walked in that valley. &gt;&gt; Sister Wanda, you are going to win. There may be other people that die in cancer, but you're going to win. I'd say if cancer knew what it was asking for when it come knocking on your door that it was going to be your testimony that God is the God of giants in Lelaya. He never walked into this valley. But because you did, I got a rock. I got a rock that has never lost. A rock that'll never never never never come on. I got a rock with your name on it. Blessed be the name of the Lord. How many has recognized that they're there is their victory? Blessed be the name of the Lord. Let me have a key of Jesus. Oh, he kept me alive. The Lord has kept me alive. Oh, through all the years, he's kept me alive. Well, I'm just as strong as the day that he sent me. Oh, even though the devil thought I'd give up, I'd never survive. [Music] The Lord has kept me alive. Oh, he kept me alive. The Lord has kept me alive. Well, through all the years he's kept me alive. Well, I'm just as strong as the day that he sent me. Well, even though the devil thought I'd give up, he never survived. The Lord has kept me alive. We know Caleb was a man who was there from the start. He followed the Lord with all of his heart. He's the one who said we're more than able to take the land. Well, he came through the wilderness through. He even seen a lot of people fall into sin. But after it all, he wanted everyone to understand. Oh, he kept me alive. The Lord has kept me alive and through all the years he's kept me alive. Well, I'm just as strong as the day that he sent me. Well, even though the devil thought I'd give up, I never survived. The Lord has kept me alive. Will I look at the years, the victories won? I stand amazed at all God has done. Now, who shall we fear were more than able to take the land? Oh, all the storms who wither, the giants have fail. We've been at war with Satan. The powers will fail. But by the grace of God, we're standing here. We're here to tell. Just keep me alive. This kept me alive through all the years. This kept me alive. Well, I'm just as strong as the day that he sent me. Even though the devil thought I'd give up. The Lord's. Now look at your neighbor through the lens of victory and say, "The Lord has kept me alive for a purpose. Some of y'all ain't looking at your neighbor. Some of y'all don't believe it. Tell your neighbor, "The Lord kept me alive for a purpose. [Music] The Lord has kept me. Come on, let's sing it with all our heart. Oh, he kept me alive. The Lord has kept me alive. Oh, through all the years he's kept me alive. Well, I'm just as strong as the day that he sent me. Well, even though the devil thought I'd give up, I never survived. The Lord has kept me alive. We're going to sing it one more time. We're going to let you be dismissed tonight. Go in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Come back in the morning expecting a blessing from Almighty God. Do you love the Lord with all your heart, you never survive. The Lord has kept me alive. God bless you. You're in this mus. [Music]
